<Author>ccbg
<Content>Exceptional Experience! We stayed at Royal Palms for 2 nights on a trip to Arizona to celebrate our 25th Wedding Anniversary. What an exceptional experience and worth every penny! Every staff member we encountered spoke to us and most called us by name and congratulated us on our anniversary. Our room was unbelievably beautiful and opened on to a courtyard area with gorgeous landscaping, a reflection pool and fire pits which were lit each night. We had dinner one night at T. Cook's and it was one of the nicest meals we have ever had. The breakfast we had the following morning was quite good, as well. We would definitely recommend the resort to others and hope to return ourselves some day!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>itsourvacation2
<Content>Highly Recommend Highlights:- Resort grounds are a private oasis from the city of Phoenix.- Staff is outstanding- Spa is the best we've experienced - ever- Food and drinks at T. Cooks and the pool bar are top notchThis is our 3rd trip to The Royal Palms, and we couldn't be more pleased. I can't express how incredible the spa staff is. We've tried massages, facials, body wraps, manicures and pedicures and have been thrilled with every one of them. The staff at the pool (Rick and Jose) make everyone feel like family. We loved the bed so much we bought the mattress for our bedroom! Of all the places we've been, we'd recommend this most highly.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>BadgerFan_in_MN
<Content>Fabulous Resort The hotel was magnificent and we had great service. Our room was not ready when we arrived, but they held our luggage and called us when it was set, for we headed out for a while. It was a lovely room with a great view of Camelback Mountain. The orange trees surrounding our room were great and having a private patio was fantastic. The pool was small, but served its purpose of cooling us off and giving us time to relax. The Spa is out of this world. Our 60 min. couples massage was great, expensive but fabulous. T. Cook's restarant was out of this world. The combination of flavors and presentation was beyond words!! Checking out their website was the best bet of all, I was able to see their specials and was able to get one night free!Overall I would say this is probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in, luxury, relaxation and beauty surrounds everything at this resort.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>nushball
<Content>Not worth all the praise... I booked this hotel for a romantic getaway after reading all the fabulous reviews on trip advisor. However, the visit was not half of what I expected. I booked one of the casita rooms, and while the bathroom was excellent, the rest of the room was dark, dusty, and not particularly appealing.To make things worse, there were black bugs all over the room (rolipolis 鈥?I am not sure if they have a more technical name). The night we checked in there was nothing we could do about it except hope for the best. The second night the staff sprayed the room 鈥?however the bugs remained and they had to come back in the next few days as well 鈥?not what I would expect from such a pricey and well-rated venue. Nothing was done to compensate us for this continuously unpleasant experience. Additionally, the reception staff and restaurant wait staff, as mentioned by another reviewer, was not particularly friendly or helpful. They did not recommend restaurants, excursion trips, or anything that would be useful for one鈥檚 first visit to Pheonix. We were also charged $70 for minibar items that we did not use. I had to call the hotel once I saw my credit card bill to have the charges reversed. To be honest, the only service I was really happy with was the valet service. The pool was ok ay鈥?small and felt more like a backyard pool than one of a hotel resort. The rest of the grounds are very lovely 鈥?nice flowers and architecture. But other than that I found nothing exceptional or redeeming about the Royal Palsm. There are many amazing hotel options in Pheonix, when I return it will definitely not be to this venue.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	2	2	2	

<Author>EliteTraveler1A
<Content>Beautiful Property but Impersonal       Front Drive into Hotel  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jadenyc
<Content>Royal Palms is a rare gem My husband and I stayed 3 nights at this charming resort earlier this week. Having read the previous posts by other travellers we did have high expectations, all of which were exceeded. The Spanish/Moorish designed space was full of hidden spots for enjoying the mountain views or stolen kisses. Fire pits with cozy cushions made it delightful to sit outside and enjoy the beautiful views and weather in the evening. We enjoyed a wonderful dinner at T Cooks one evening. Another evening we ventured out to the Barrio Cafe for authentic Mexican food- the best I have ever had (8 minute taxi ride). Highy recommended.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>VeronicaArcher
<Content>A Perfect Oasis We stayed here two nights and it was quite lovely. Bougainvillea and hibiscus; beamed ceilings and Spanish tile; lots of beautiful birds and nooks and crannies. We had a spa suite which looked out to a private courtyard with an outdoor fireplace. The hotel bar is charming and the dinner we had at TCooks was excellent. Try the paella. I had a fantastic Watsu treatment at the Spa and would highly recommend it. The entire staff was warm and friendly, not stiff and formal. However, they seemed frazzled the day we checked out as there was a large group checking in. I called the front desk to ask for an extra hour to check out and was curtly told they were not allowing any late check outs that day. I just thought it might have been handled a bit better. Still, a lovely respite in the middle of the desert. We enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lean22
<Content>Beautiful! Beautiful, winding, quaint property with flowers everywhere~Attentive staff and excellent food!We would definitely come back  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>finetraveler0
<Content>Breathtaking! We enjoyed an amazing weekend at the Royal Palms. This place is magical. The grounds, the wonderful Alvadora spa, T. Cook's, pool area, etc.- all amazing! I couldn't imagine staying any where else in the area, but the Royal Palm. I hope this place made the cut for Conde Nast  Travel  Leisure.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKBoyDKGirl
<Content>Loved the place, loved the staff The place was right on from the moment we pulled up, iced water, helpful valet staff, room beyond expecations good ( how rare is that?), quiet AC, huge bath that you can watch TV from and even a little terrace. These people working here busted their butts to help you, even in 105 degree heat. Nothing was too much troubleA tiny problem with the spa ( our Tai Chi person didnt show ) was met with a very generous offer of a great lunch and very reassuring apologies. We felt they really did care about it! Great pool ( not huge though) , good location with a maze of paths. Even the places staff recommended were spot on.Main restaurant menu a little limited and the in room snacks ( as usual) very poor value but hey, we're splitting hairs.You guys/ girls at this place do a fabulous job, we were very sad to leave after 4 days, many thanks again  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snivvy
<Content>Felt like a 40's movie star! Hubby was on a business trip to Phoenix and we wanted to spend a few days together for our anniversary. We picked this hotel thanks to Trip Advisor and it was wonderful. The staff was attentive and charming, the property was intimate and private. Movie stars from the 40's and 50's used to escape Hollywood and stay at this very property. The atmosphere was old world hacienda with soft music playing, plenty of flowers and delicious iced tea in the lobby.  We attended a special James Beard gourmet dining experience that was as elegant as any NY restaurant. Our tablemates couldn't have been more charming, gracious and fun.  Our room was ample, offered a 2 person soaking tub, soft bed and plenty of air conditioning. Our biggest complaint was the hot weather, which wasn't the fault of the hotel. The property was conveniently located to major roads, not far from Scottsdale. We would definitely return to Royal Palms.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachloverPrinceton
<Content>Paradise in the desert We just returned from Royal Palms and loved every minute of it. Our only regret is that we didn't stay longer...The resort grounds are breathtaking and very romantic, landscaped with antiques and wonderful vegetation and the rooms (we stayed in the montavista suites) are amazing. We dined at T Cook and had a great dinner and also used the Alvadora Spa, which is the essence of relaxation. Throughout the resort the service is outstanding. We highly recommend the resort, a secret hideway in the desert...  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>saintjack
<Content>Great but strange room The hotel grounds and public space is beautiful...very nice to walk around or sit in the evening by a fountain and have a drink. The food absolutely outstanding...be sure to try the Mediterranean eggs for breakfast, a variation on Eggs Benedict.However, we stayed in a suite in the spa section that was expensive and strange: a small living room with an uncomfortable couch...then a bathroom area and then the small bedroom area. No feeling for spacious or comfortable...and the lighting was poor in all the rooms...could not read in bed...light over bathroom mirror off placed so had to lean in to get any light...same in living area.When mentioned this as checked out, the response was...suite designed to be intimate and cosy...next time you should stay in the larger suite.Conclusion: wonderful, but choose and check rooms carefully.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Douglas63
<Content>wonderful vacation The Royal Palms Resort and Spa is a wonderful place to relax. The backdrop of Camelback Mountain is breath taking. The rooms are nicely done. The service, from the valet to the pool attendant, was great. I didn't eat a meal at the resort because I didn't like the menu choices. Every restuarant that you have ever heard of has a franchise or two in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area so finding a good meal isn't a problem. I could receive the wi-fi signal from my room but i'm not sure if everyone can.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Irishbrwnie
<Content>Very romantic getaway, even for those who are sick of Scottsdale       the entrance  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AndrewWoodworth
<Content>Wonderfully relaxing with great service My wife and I decided to visit Phoenix to get a break from the humidity where we live. After much research, we settled on the Royal Palms. We were not disappointed.On arrival, the valet staff were cheery and helpful, even offering to run small errands for us, such as a trip to the corner store, etc. The check-in process was smooth and the gentleman helping us with our bags was well informed about the resort's features, history, and amenities. The property is lush and well planted - a tropical oasis in the middle of the dessert. Beautiful.The rooms were clean, warm and inviting. The view of Camelback Mountain from our room was very romantic. The housekeeping staff were very thorough and the nightly turn-down service was a nice touch.I was suffering from a cold so we decided to stay in one evening. My wife ordered room service and when the wait staff arrived and noticed the cough syrup on the table, he showed genuine concern, explaining that the Royal Palms took illness very seriously and he would be happy to have the chef prepare some chicken soup and a hot toddy.Caring and attentive service was found throughout the property, with the pool attendants offering the best service. They were always ready to fill a drink, bring a glass of water, find a chair, refresh towels, etc. The pool bar closes a little early (6pm?) but the pool and hot-tub remain open all night. Great relief from the heat. The pool area was basically adults only. There was an occassional kid, but I got the impression children weren't encouraged. In fact, I overheard one of the valet's radio the pool attendant to let him know that Shamu had arrived (a family with an inflatable whale). They put a stop to that and we never did see Shamu or the kids.The restaurant was exceptionally good, although I did have one negative experience when I chose to sit outside to eat. We sat for about ten minutes and never did see any wait staff, even though the maitre'd assured us there was service on the patio. To be fair, it was very hot and nobody in their right mind would want to be outside and I was sick and didn't wait very long before leaving to head to our room.The lounge, adjacent to the restaurant had a great selection of drinks, a funky vibe, and great entertainment. It was hard to find a seat, but once seated the service was very attentive.My wife and I both had spa treatments while we were there. The spa was nothing spectacular, but very comfortable. Noticing I had a terrible cough, the masseuse even took the time to call me the next day to give me the name of a cough syrup his doctor had recommended to him.I noticed that some travellers complained about the $22 per day resort fee. This fee includes valet parking and all tips. It is a bargain - you would spend that much on valet in most hotels.Speaking of valet, if you call ahead before leaving your room, the valets will have your car ready and waiting with the air conditioner on.I fell in love with the place and will definitely be back.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Spacemonkey5
<Content>You won't be disappointed Just returned from a wonderful holiday touring Arizona, Nevada and Utah and the Royal Palms Resort and Spa provided the neccessary calm and tranquility in an otherwise hectic schedule. The suite was large large and beautifully appointed and all of the staff went out of their way to be helpful and welcoming. Although the temperature was 114 degrees, the pool was open 24 hours and provided a relaxing way to cool off. The food was excellent, as was the live music in the lounge. The gardens were beautiful, the Camelback Mountain provided a dramatic backdrop and the hotel was exceptional. More like staying with rich relatives in sunnier climes than staying in a hotel (If only I had some).  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JJFuller
<Content>I would recommend this hotel to anyone!       RP  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>misty01lh
<Content>Pefect getaway for worn-out moms A friend  I recently stayed for 3 nights at the Royal Palms. All I can say to sum it up is WOW. Once you pull up into the courtyard, you feel like you are transported into another world. Aside from the immaculate service and lush, impeccable grounds, the vibe is the ultimate in laid-back luxury. Trust me, you will not have to lift a finger while you are there. We went into Old Town Scottsdale once and came to the conclusion that there was really no point in leaving our perfect oasis! The resort is perfect for a romantic getaway (next time we are going with our husbands, and trust me, there will be a next time!), but if you go with a friend you'll feel right at home too. People actually dress for dinner - this is not a t-shirt  shorts place, which is oh so fun if you're used to being in mommy-mode. If you are looking for a restful, tranquil vacation with amazing dining and a decadent spa, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ftnukesjb
<Content>Relaxed and LOVED our stay We decided on a last minute stay at the Royal Palms and could not have been more pleased. It was the most luxurious hotel that I have stayed at in a long time and is so relaxing. We opted just to stay in one of the standard rooms and it was fabulous. It is like having your own little villa with a small patio overlooking the lime trees and Camelback mountain. We never head another person walk by our room or any other noises during the day. The pool is quite crowded so if you are going to hang out at the pool then you might not like this hotel but if you are going for some relaxing ambiance then this is the place. We will be returning.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lasw710
<Content>Wonderful! We loved every second of our five-day stay at the Royal Palms Resort  Spa. The grounds were beautiful- well maintained and had a tropical feel. The pool is small- not great for laps, but wonderful for floating. I think the smallish number of chairs might be a problem when the hotel is fuller than it probably was when we were there. The umbrellas are huge and offered a lot of shade, but if you wanted sun you could have it (do you want to sit in the sun in 105 degree heat?). We stayed in room 138, which had the world's most comfortable bed, a nice sitting area, a flat-screen television with standard cable, a private area outside and a newly redone bathroom. Housekeeping kept the rooms spotless. We enjoyed turndown service every night and looked forward to cards and candies we would find. The restaurant is good, but expensive. You can eat at the lounge, where entrees range in price from about $14 to about $40. If you do, definitely try the tempura asparagus- it was a highlight! There is a $22 daily gratuity fee attached to your nightly stay, and it is totally worth it. I cannot stress enough how attentive the staff is. When we called for our car, the men actually ran to get it to us faster. The concierge was wonderful, and when we did have a mix-up with a resort activity we had signed up for but wasn't offered, they bent over backwards to make it up to us. We would love to return!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Keith2402
<Content>simply great hotel with service to match Just had a wonderful six night stay at the Palms with my wife. Had a shock at check-in when they told me of the $22 a night service charge but it was worth every cent, due to the excellent friendly staff at the resort (special mention to the pool staff and the car valets), who earned it and more. Very few negatives and lots of positives. The pool area is not the largest and would be pushed to serve everyones needs when the hotel is full. However when it is quiet, as when we were there, then it is ideal. Staff keep you supplied with constant iced water (free of charge), food if required and move the parasols when required, so you do not over do the sunbathing (unless you realy do want to fry). Rooms comforable and there is a turn down service supplied at night. The attention to detail is excellent. Will be going back again as it also makes an excellent base to see the rest of Arizona.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>enofh
<Content>Very Relaxing Get Away We had a wonderful stay at Royal Palms. The staff are friendly and helpful. It was my first stay in Phoenix. We booked a discounted room online. I didn't know what to expect. The grounds are beautiful. We stayed in their smallest room. It was large, clean and comfortable. If you book online, please remember you will be responsible for paying the resort fee. It was $22 per day during our stay. The fee is used to pay gratuity to the valet, bell staff and housekeepers. We ate a wonderful breakfast at T.C.'s. The dining room is very comfortable and beautiful. I can't wait to go back and stay longer!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Meg3738
<Content>Steaming hot but absolutely beautiful! If you can't stand the heat, do not stay in Phoenix in July. If you can, or if you're there for any other reason, stay at the Royal Palms! This resort is small and romantic and the landscape is gorgeous; even in the heat of the summer, the grounds were lush and full. I was there with my husband, my parents, and my sister on a family vacation, but the resort was predominantly couples. The few families that came to the intimate pool left quickly when they saw that the atmosphere was quiet and not conducive to loud children. The service was absolutely unbelievable at every turn (Rick at the pool takes service to another level...) and, in the one case it wasn't (the spa did not have our appointments in its system), the extremely apologetic staff bent over backwards to accommodate us. The Royal Palms was such a breath of fresh air and a completely unexpected respite I would visit again in a second.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Edmontondweller
<Content>Can I move in?! Reading some of the negative comments about the Royal Palms blows my mind. It was, by far, the best place I have ever stayed at, and I travel quite a bit. The grounds are dreamlike, the rooms are beautiful and unique (not like your typical chain hotels) and the service is incredibly good.The restaurant, T. Cook's, was very good as well. The service was excellent and as foodies and wine lovers, we were pleased to see that the waiter knew his stuff. The valets were very, very helpful and pleasant (especially a young guy named Brandon!). Our first trip to Phoenix was in 110 degree heat, but we loved it all the same, in fact we are hoping to return at christmas. If that doesn't work out we will go back another time. Everyone should experience luxury like that at least once in their lifetime!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zebedee70
<Content>Could do better Spent two nights here in June. Having read the rave reviews we were somewhat disappointed. First impressions were certainly not good; the reception staff did not exactly fall over themselves to be helpful and the decor seemed a little faded. The pool area was very average and some new soft furnishing was clearly needed .Felt better when we had settled in- the room was large and comforatble and my wife loved the bath. Enjoyed an excellent meal in the restaurant though again the decoration was a little old fashoined. Highlight of stay was sitting in a courtyard with a bottle of wine under the stars. Liked the feel of the place in the evening with lots of clever lighting and quiet acoustic guitar. Overall it was ok. Think they will need to up their game if they want to maintain their prices. The spanish colonial theme is great but clearly needs a little refurbishment  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>sheshistory
<Content>Relaxing stay at the Palms       Royal Palms  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>birthdaygirl925
<Content>A Little Disappointing... We stayed at the Royal Palms Resort over Father's Day weekend and left with mixed emotions. We booked a standard room, and while it was clean and nicely appointed, it was quite small. The bath tub was ridiculous! An older person would have found it unuseable. We almost needed a step stool to get into it. We found the concierge to be helpful enough, but the front desk attendant seemed to have a forced smile and never mailed our postcards (after offering to do so).We had a delicious dinner at T. Cook's. Our table was disappointing, though. It was right next to the kitchen, even though we had made the reservation months in advance and were obviously hotel guests. On a brighter note, our food server could not have been more attentive and gracious.The grounds of the Royal Palms are pretty, and the valet attendants were very speedy and pleasant. However, we have stayed at many other four and five star resorts in the Phoenix/Scottsdale area and would probably not return to Royal Palms. We have found much better service, value, and accomodations at the Sanctuary and the Phoenician.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>aznana
<Content>Soooooo glad we chose the Royal Palms!!! OMG!!! The Royal Palms is now our favorite place to stay in greater Phoenix. I treated my husband to a weekend there for his birthday in May, and was not really sure what to expect. We had previously stayed at the Biltmore, which was always delightful, but I thought we should explore something new. Lucky for us, our friends recommended this resort and it turned out to be one of those where have you been all my life? experiences. Everything, and I mean EVERYTHING, was PERFECT. We can't wait for a reason to get back up there, unbearable Phoenix heat and all (we live in Tucson and everyone knows it is always at least 10 degrees hotter in Phoenix than Tucson and even when it's over 100, it MATTERS). **Bonus Tip: for a lovely, intimate, absolutely five star meal, go to Christopher's at the Biltmore Plaza. It's delicious!!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKLizzie
<Content>Beautiful, intimate, perfect service This was my third stay at the Royal Palms and the fact that I keep returning despite there being so many great places to stay in Phoenix and Scottsdale should tell you something. I love the Royal Palms. The whole property is beautiful, the resort is small enough to feel intimate, and the service is always amazing.I like the Montevista Terrace rooms, which have a patio or balcony overlooking a central courtyard with a decorative pool and pretty sitting areas set around firepits. The rooms are a decent size and beautifully decorated with particularly nice bathrooms which have deep oval soaking tubs and separate shower cubicles. There is even a 'window (no glass, just an opening with shutters to close if you want privacy) cut into the wall between the bedroom and the bathroom which is a nice touch. The Estate rooms are basically the same, and in the same building, but don't have a patio or balcony and lack the view.The only downside is the smallish pool area. The pool is beautiful, the sunloungers very comfortable and the service great, but the pool area and the pool itself are quite small and so both can feel crowded and noisy if the hotel is busy. Luckily it's not a very child-friendly hotel so it tends to be groups of adults only, but even then it can get a bit frenetic and noisy at the pool which you might find annoying if you're looking for peace and quiet. Nevertheless, it's hard to find fault with anything and I've had 3 very enjoyable visits (March 07, Dec 07 and Apr08).  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Micht123
<Content>What a Wonderful, relaxing place Just Fantasitc. I was looking for a place to stay by myself and I had read that this was a great place for couples. I had a wonderful time and everyone there treated me like royality. From the moment you walk in, you a taken to another place. I didn't feel like I was in Arizona, more like the meditterean. The staff and spa were top notch. Take advantage of the yoga and culinary classes which are included in you resort fees. Next time I might come back with my husband. I just loved it.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kayla73
<Content>My favorite in Phoenix! This is an ideal place for business and leasure travelers. I would recommend the the new spa suites, they are wonderful!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcb1979
<Content>Top Notch Luxury!       Breathtaking Pool  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kadelia
<Content>The best of the best!       Camelback Mountain  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>guthrie16
<Content>Serene and Beautiful We stayed in the Monte Vista Terrace room for 2 nights and we were very sad to leave. The grounds are gorgeous and perfectly maintained. Everyone at the hotel, from the valet parkers to the front desk, provided impeccable service. The hotel is certainly geared towards romance and it did not disappoint. The room was beautifully appointed with shutters above the sunken tub that open on to the room. The resort was very quiet with only the sound of the fountains to lull you to sleep each night. The pool was small but very clean. They provide nice rafts to relax on as well as ice water with lemon. We had dinner at T Cooks and enjoyed sitting out on the terrace looking at the stars. Breakfast was also very good. The hotel is in very close proximity to Scottsdale, although it is listed as Phoenix we went to Scottsdale each day. We stayed the Biltmore next and were so bummed! We should have stayed at the Palms!  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dmaisel
<Content>Royal Palms is Great We recently returned from 6 days at Royal Palms Resort and Spa and all we can do is rave about it to everyone. We absolutely loved everything. The one word that can describe it is Idyllic. The grounds feel tropical, even though it's in Arizona, the pool area is calm and tranquil (except the last day when there was a wedding scheduled) and the staff is attentive and friendly, never stuffy. Rick, one of the men that works at the pool restaurant even read my mind one day when I was debating whether or not to have ice cream. I swear he didn't hear me and brought me a sample!We ate breakfast and lunch everyday at the hotel and everything was delicious. All in all, we would highly recommend it and would go back happily. It's not a good place for kids though - it's really an adult romantic kind of vacation. We visited some of the bigger places (Phoenician, Baltimore) and were even more glad we stayed where we did.J  D (Larchmont, NY)  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alexshulman
<Content>The Best Stayed there as a part of romantic trip to Arizona for 3 days.First 4 days were in Sanctuary at Camelback, and then moved to Royal PalmsIn summary one of the best places I ever stayed/see my travel places for comparison/Superb service, location, pool,room, ambienceI wish I can spend a week every year there  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stellakaiser
<Content>Wonderful resort My husband and I just came back from a wonderful 2 night 3 day stay at Royal Palms. We had a spa room which was absolutly wonderful. The bed was comfortable and the steam shower was a great touch. Rick and Jose at the pool were exceptional. The resort was booked that weekend but you would not have known. There were plently of seats open at the pool and we had no problem getting into the resturant. Our room services came extremely quick and the food exceeded expectations. I would recommend this resort to anyone looking to get away and have a nice relaxing vacation. My husband and I travel a lot and this is one of the best places we have ever stayed.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>coolstone
<Content>Beautiful hotel but probably not for families Just returned from a three night stay. I did not select this hotel as we were with a group for a wedding. Our rooms were $567 per night with a $22.00 resort fee to cover gratuities. Very high I felt!The grounds of the resort are amazing. Lush with lots and lots of flowers. We stayed in two casitas connecting with King Beds. Which were perfect. Away from the main hotel with nice courtyards in front to enjoy breakfast! Ours had a small water fountain also. The rooms were above average with nice beds and comfortable furnishings. One room had a fireplace although not cool enough outside to use it. The bathroom was just OK.All the staff were courteous and helpful. Questions were answered immediately especially room service. I requested several special dishes with no problem. I would recommend this resort to others even though I had a slight issue with Jose by the pool. On our first morning to the resort we took our two children (5  9) to the pool. We were out early probably by 9:30 that morning. The pool area had a few guests already but not many. My children had only been in the pool a few minutes when Jose approached me to tell me my children had to quote, not yell, horseplay, jump, splash or play Marco Polo in the pool. and that he was just telling me before he got complaints. I was shocked. I've never been told this before at any other resort from Westin, Hyatt, Ritz Carlton or Four Seasons. I said I would tell them but they are children and they may make noise. Needless to say we didn't stay long by the pool. I was not told at check in there were restrictions on children using the pool so I was confused by this comment by Jose. The next day I checked with the front desk and they did not know why Jose would tell us that and that children are allowed in the pool area as long as they are accompanied by an adult. The Manager-Hillary did leave me a nice message in our room apologizing for this but we never did get an answer as to why we were told this. That same day we spent several hours by the pool and there were other children jumping and splashing all over the pool so I really don't understand why Jose told us this. While I would recommend this resort I would probably choose a different hotel if we return with our children. It's a great place for adults and my husband and I would stay here again but without our children.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>scottpaul80
<Content>The best of the best       The begining  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>napervilletraveler
<Content>top notch service, gorgeous property We stayed in a montevista suite for four nights and got the sundaynight complimentary.(439) The room had a queen sofa sleeperand spacious bathroom and king size bed. Pocket doors in the bathroom separated the bedroom and living room. Plasma tvin the living area and large tv in an armoire in the king room.We were treated like royalty. From the moment you walk inyou know this is not your average hotel. You feel like youare in your own spanish villa and everyone is happy to take careof all your needs with a smile. My kids loved the pool. The poolguys who I unfortunately cannot remember their names were sovery kind and hardworking. I have never seen two people more eager to please their guests. The food at the pool is phenomenal and so were the drinks. We were lucky enough to celebrate an early anniversary at D COOKS and had a lovely meal in a beautiful room with great service. I cannot praise this hotel enough. My only wish is thatthey would have had a kids pool. If you want romance and service, gorgeous scenery and R and R.GO TO THE ROYAL PALMS...  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mellow_8
<Content>The Royal Palms is Gold! Royal Palms is a wonderful boutique hotel in a beautiful location with views of Camelback Mountain. The rooms are luxurious and the bed is like sleeping on a cloud! Wonderful restaurant - the food is delicious. The grounds and pool are stunning. It's an oasis within a city - you feel like you're in a Spanish Colonial Estate.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AddieAid
<Content>A Perfect Romantic Getaway! My husband and I were looking for a great place for a Romantic getaway for 3 nights. After a lot of research of Phoenix and Scottsdale resorts, we choose Royal Palms mainly because it is more exclusive and smaller than the large resorts (the Phoenician is a couple of streets over). Especially after learning that it was spring break and many hotels were close to being 100% booked, I definitely didn't want to go to a place that was so booked that I would have to wait for everything, pool, gym, breakfast, valet. The Royal Palms makes you feel like you are among very few people and have alot of privacy. They have a very nice pool (just 1) and the staff throughout the hotels is very attentive and nice. The valet and bellmen are just wonderful, we never had to wait long to pick up or drop off our car. The front desk even printed out our boarding passes the day before we left, which we are so grateful of after seeing the enormous lines at the airport. We may have been late for the flight, in which case my husband would have yelled at me for since I am always running late!This is the kind of place for someone looking for privacy and doesn't care about having 3 pools and many loung bars through the hotel. It is a smaller hotel but that really is the beauty of it. The grounds are absolutely gorgeous with camelback mountain in the back drop. The hotel itself is mediteranean style with beautiful antique pieces throughout. The doorways each have so much character, they look as though they have been there for 100 years.The spa was lovely, we had a couple's massage followed by a botanical bath in a private room with a small terrace. We would definitely stay there if we ever return to Phoenix!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lamfam
<Content>Quiet  Beautiful, quiet, elegant place to stay in Scottsdale. This former mansion turned resort is a lovely hideaway made for gentle relaxation. My husband and I enjoyed one quiet night here with spa treatments in the morning. The staff are very attentive but not annoyingly so. There's a sense of them knowing what it takes to please high maintenance folks indeed. I would definitely recommend this for couples (and probably older ones at that - not a lot on offer for those in search of nightlife). The Royal Palms lived up to the billing it gets here on TripAdvisor.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mumindalen
<Content>def. a pool experience After plenty research (as usual) I had my heart set on Royal Palms (my boyfriend doesn't appreciate all my hard work in finding the right place). He seems to think it's just by accident we stay at places we do :)Anyway, stayed over Labor Day, and was positively giddy over mainly two things that stood out to me. One, the whole pool experience. The blond guy (I'm bad with names) was like a walking hand-book in steps of service. Flawless in other words. I do love the accomodating approach, one that he def. mastered (which could not be said for his sidekick). In 104 degrees heat, one would be dependent on the pool no?! I guess the different flavoured Pina Coladas didn't hurt either.The second wow-factor was owed to the food. Top notch, roomservice as well as in the restaurant (same kitchen, but that doesn't nec. guarantee anything). In particular we were hooked on some of the breakfast items, so much that we squeezed one in before our checking out, a last one...Other than that the grounds were very pretty. Ordinarily we would stay at smaller capacity hotels, not used to sharing lol. The first room we were offered must have been on top of a flight hangar, or the back of the restaurant turbines, same thing. But that was corrected immediately. We had booked a Designer Casita, which turned out to be quite spacious, with a sturdy bed.My only complaint was the standard of the bathroom. We had been warned at the time of booking that it would be a standard bathroom, but for the room level I don't think I've had such a basic bathroom ever. Leaves room for improvement.Over all we were happy with RPH, and would return again on our next visit to Phoenix.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>DnvrTraveler
<Content>Goregeous Hotel, Fabulous Restaurant I stayed here for two days while in town for a conference - someone else from work had picked it out but they did a great job! This place is expensive ($429, although I think I had a free upgrade), but I would return on my own dime to stay there again because it is so wonderful. The property is absolutely gorgeous, and I stayed in Room 123 - large king bed, gas fireplace, massive beautiful bathroom with clawfoot tub and dual-faucet shower, great products from the spa onsite, and two patios, one very private with a water fountain. The spa is wonderful - I had one of the best massages of my life from Ryan. We ate at the restaurant afterward and had a fabulous meal and bottle of wine. The wine list is great fun - whoever put it together has added helpful comments and wine publication ratings. The only way my stay could have been better is if I could have skipped my conference and spent the whole time onsite.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Braingurl
<Content>Nice Place We stayed here for four nights in February.We reserved a deluxe casita and were pleased with the room. It was a little smaller than we expected, but certainly cozy. It is an old resort, but they have done well at maintaining the rooms and the amenities. The grounds were meticulously maintained and staff was very pleasant.The restaurant, T Cooks was very good. The atmosphere was lively, but quiet...busy but comfortable. We recommend the espresso martinis after dinner instead of coffee...but be careful...after the caffeine wares off...you might find yourself crawling to your room!All in all a nice experience.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tomkelly9227
<Content>The Royal Palms Never Disappoints! For the last 6 years, we've been to the Royal Palms for a business meeting, tacking on a couple of days for personal time. It is elegant and cozy. The staff is outstanding. Rick and Jose at the pool cabana really stand out as exceptional. The grounds are immaculate and the rooms are terrific. Without hesitation, we'd recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Debits2000
<Content>This is the benchmark - top of the list.       The Rose Petal Service  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Danni0005
<Content>Wow! Amazing! Spectacular!!!! All I can say is WOW!!!!!! WOW WOW WOW! I love this place. I had the most incredible New Years of my life at this place. It was gorgeous, incredibly romantic, the service was THE BEST, food amazing. I am telling you, it is just fantastic. The renovation turned out beautifully. We had a fireplace in our room, steam shower, flat screen TV's. The only thing that could have been better was the workout room. Only a few of the cardio machines had TV's on them. But I have been traveling in Asia, and the workout rooms were incredible so maybe I am spoiled. And the room service menu was missing from my room and I called to get one twice--but it never came.There were fire pits throughout, gorgeous lights for the holiday, beautiful landscape. The lounge is a great place to have a drink and listen to some music, and the food at T. Cooks is delicious! I do miss Paul though!!I will only stay here if I can help it!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>qunett
<Content>Perfection I don't know where to start. This hotel is simply spectactular. I was a guest at the hotel in June 2007. Traveling to Arizona to attend a wedding, I first took a quick side trip to Tucson, to visit friends, and stayed at the Arizona Inn there. How disappointing! Beautiful grounds, great pool, but the room was mediocre, a bit tattered and worn, and overall did not measure up to the positive reviews I saw on tripadvisor, and which prompted me to book my stay there. So, my expectations were relatively muted when I made my way to Phoenix and Royal Palms. On entering the property, I was blown away by the stunning architecture and gardening. In the reservation desk area, they had a pitcher of tasty and refreshing pink lemonade (Lord knows it was certainly HOT!) and I was greeted warmly by the reservation agent. Here's where things started to get real good. Traveling in the off-season, I thought I'd secured a pretty good deal - I believe it was $150/night for one of their basic rooms. Well, without even asking, I was upgraded to one of the new Spa Suite rooms. When the bellboy took me to my room, and opened the door, I almost fainted. It was stunning! On entering the room, the sounds of soothing, acoustic music enveloped you. The lighting was just right, dim, and romantic. The first part of the room is a sitting area with a luxurious, turkish-like seatte, full of comfy pilows - across from that you had an impressive entertainment unit and a small wet bar area. In the center of the room was the most luxurious bath I've ever had the privilege of looking at, let alone, using! Deep, soaking tub, those bowl sinks that sit on top of the the vanity. A walk-in steam shower, lotions, shower gels, shampoo and conditioners that were heavenly! You then enter the bedroom, and it was the most comfortable bed I've ever slept on. Just gorgeous. Dark stained wood floors. Two plasma tvs (one in the sitting area, another in the bedroom). And to top it off, a beautiful balcony that looked over a stunning courtyard area. One afternoon we were serenaded by a spanish guitartist. Pinch me - I must be dreaming!! Unfortunately, it was so daggone hot, I couldn't really take advantage of the balcony. Also, because I was running around a bit for wedding activities, a long day trip to the Grand Canyon and The Police concert the Monday before I left, I really didn't get to enjoy the room for my 4 night stay as much as I would have liked. But that just gives me an excuse to make a return trip - during a better -cooler - time of the year.Oh - and service. Talk about going the extra mile. I discovered that my credit card was missing from my purse. I couldn't find it anywhere. I wasn't sure if I'd dropped it while shopping or possibly in the car. Well, one of the valets did a painstaking search throughout my rental car and managed to find the card in a really obscure location. I guess it had fallen out of my purse while I was driving. I was so grateful for the time and effort this gentleman put into finding the lost item. Overall, service was exemplary throughout my stay.Royal Palms has spoiled me for life when it comes to hotel accomodations. I doubt there is a place that will ever measure up to my experience last summer. The surprise factor alone of getting such a beautiful room at a fraction of it's normal nightly rate is something I'll likely never experience again. In a nutshell, Royal Palms is simply amazing!! Or as one of my good friends likes to put it: All that and a bag of chips!!!You won't be disappointed...  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>noni2lily
<Content>Royal Palms is Royal in every way! We've been to Royal Palms Resort 3 times now and I can't imagine staying anywhere else in the Phoenix area. I was there once with my daughter for her college spring break for the Ladies Fling, once with my husband for our anniversary and once as a family. This resort was great for all of these vacations. It is small which is a refreshing change from staying at huge hotels. It was pricey, but worth saving up for. We were treated like royalty. I liked the resort fee concept which relieved us of having to worry about tipping the staff. Everyone working there seemed to truely enjoy their jobs. The rooms were luxurous in a tasteful comfortable way and we could enjoy our mornings and evenings on the patio right outside our room. The grounds and pool were gorgeous. If I had to find something that wasn't perfect it would be that they were short of pool chairs during peek swimming times, and some guests would stake them out for the entire day. However when we were at the pool we felt like we were really on vacation sipping our drinks delivered to us poolside. The spa was awesome and dining at the restaurant was truely a gourmet experience. Staying at the Royal Palms is magical.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FoodandWineFan
<Content>Week of Pure Heaven We stayed a week at the Royal Palms and had a simply amazing experience. The resort is very unique with stunning grounds and suprises at every turn. Beautiful outdoor public areas and very interesting historical furniture throughout.Jose at the pool is simply the best! This dude more than took care of us throughout the stay (even if his wrist was having some issues). Quite frankly, I would return for the pool service alone.We stayed in a Casita which was awesome. Great little patio area that was perfect for reading the paper and enjoying a wake-up beverage in the morning. Bed very comforable and furnishings made you feel you were someplace special.Really enjoyed the T. Cooke's Sunday Brunch. Other meals there were also very good. The bar is a great relaxing scene.What sets this place apart is the service. You never feel like you are a bother and they really do anticipate your needs.Can't wait to visit again.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eurosweetie
<Content>A really top class resort Stayed here just one night for a quick spa break with a girlfriend. The sales representative on the phone convinced me with her attitude and friendliness that this would be a good place for me and my friend, who was going through a tough time emotionally.It offers a great luxury alternative to big chain spa hotels. It is in a beautiful, historic setting that creates a much more intimate ambience. I would go back with my husband for a romantic weekend, definitely.It was beautiful, relaxing, and the service was excellent. Our room was huge, and although it overlooked the parking lot, still had a nice view, and was extremely comfortable. The beds were great, the bathtub was the size of a swimming pool.The grounds are absolutely lovely, and worth strolling round. The staff are really wonderful. Everyone knew our names, and made sure they pronounced them properly.The restaurant was excellent, food, service, value for money (surprisingly reasonable, considering it is very highly rated).The spa is a little small for the size of the hotel. As it was very cold during our stay, we couldn't enjoy all the outdoor areas. If it had been warmer we would have probably spent longer there. The indoor relaxation areas are very small, and only two showers, which seems a little odd.Only quibble with the room: poor lighting in the bathroom makes it hard for us middle-aged women to put on make-up!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>JG166
<Content>We LOVE this place This resort is beautiful. Lush grounds, fireplaces, and lounging by the pool. The service is incomparable- incredibly professional. The food is very good. And the spa is wonderful.To top it all off- we found a great deal on Expedia. (And we were given a great room, so no worries there!). Keep in mind there is a $22 per night resort fee on top of the room charge, but it covers the incredible service. (Seriously, these folks are everywhere, anticipating your every need... they are great!).  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lissiefaber
<Content>Best Experience!!! What a wonderful experience! From the hotel staff, to the beautiful grounds, and T Cook's restaurant... Cant say enough! The food was spectacular and the service from the minute we stepped onto the grounds to the minute we left was impeccable! The photos do NOT do it justice! The spa was outstanding- the eucalyptus steam room is to DIE for!!! We cant wait to go back- what a romantic place to get away....  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AVLME
<Content>Wonderful Place! This hotel has fabulous service. Everyone who worked here seemed to go the extra mile to make sure our stay was a good one. They exceeded our expectations. The grounds are romantic and full of flowers. Also there are outdoor fireplaces everywhere. We booked the least expensive room and still it was very nice with well appointed bathroom and bedroom. We also ate dinner at the resort which was superb. The bar is very popular and has two fireplaces and inviting spaces. When they offer the wine tasting in the bar, do it. Lots of fun and nice wine to boot. The photos of the property do not do it justice. Just gorgeous.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brauna
<Content>We had a great time We just came back from a lovely weekend at the Royal Palms. We were visiting family, so knew that we would spend a fair amount of time away from the resort. Therefore we did not book one of the higher priced rooms. Still, we enjoyed our room, and our stay immensely. We were in the Valencia Casita (number 153). Generally we were pleased with the room, although the bathroom is definitely in need of updating. The plumbing wasn't great, and there were ants in the sink! (not a big deal, but they were there!). Even though we went off property a fair bit, we still managed to enjoy much of what the Royal Palms has to offer. The lovely grounds, a great lunch at T Cooks (as well as breakfast both mornings). The fitness room is small, but reasonably well equiped, and there is a nice outdoor yoga studio that is a lovely place to excercise early in the morning before it's too hot. I think the spa is wonderful. The massage therapists are just excellent, and the facility is lovely. But, book right away as we had trouble getting a reservation.We've now stayed at a good number of the nice places in Phoenix/Scottsdale, including the Hermosa Inn (lovely, but very small, no fitness facility on site), the Sanctuary (overrated we thought, though the spa is excellent), the Phoenician (we like it a lot, though it is very big; great fitness facility/spa etc.), the Biltmore (also like it, but also big).After this visit, which was our second, we concluded that we would like to return. It just has a great feel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NativeNewYorker97
<Content>Not All It Is Cracked Up To Be! My husband and I just stayed at the Royal Palms Hotel to celebrate our 4th wedding anniversary. Although the grounds are very beautiful, the rooms are romantic, and T. Cook's Restaurant and Lounge, and the service by the pool are all extraordinary, the business end of the hotel leaves QUITE A BIT TO BE DESIRED!When we arrived, our room was not ready and the person at the check-in desk said he would call within the hour to let us know what the status of our check in would be. When we had not received a phone call more than two hours later, we stopped by the front desk. The person did not seem to remember us, but another person at the desk asked if our phone number was on file and said that she would call. The second Royal Palms representative did call, and we ended up checking in about 3:30 pm (which is a 1/2 hour before the scheduled check-in time --even though I sent a request asking about an early check-in since I knew that we would be arriving around 10 am). Although we understand that our room was not ready early, I would have appreciated the call that the first representative said that he was going to make so that we could have made a better use of our afternoon. I was surprised that the room did not have a fireplace. I had called the property to inquire about fireplaces in the Deluxe Casitas (where we were booked), and was told that those rooms did have fireplaces; yet, we were placed in a room without one. The room was cozy, but I was looking forward to this particular amenity. On the second night of our stay, we had to call housekeeping to receive turn down service and request to have our towels changed. My biggest problem with the Royal Palms was the check-out/billing procedure. First, my minor issue. I had asked for our boarding passes to be printed (since that is a service that the Royal Palms offers), but the person at the front desk did not remember to give them to me until I asked. OK, a little oversight, but coupled with what followed, it just made the little oversight magnified.My major issue has to do with billing. First we were given the wrong bill (with someone who was charged about half what we paid per night for lodging). Then we were given our bill with three nights' charges for Rose Petal Turndown Service when we only had that service the first night. The Royal Palms check-out representative then deducted the subsequent two nights and informed us that we would receive an updated e-mail version of our bill before we were charged. I did not receive the e-mail version of the bill, but my credit card was charged for the total of the invoice I received upon departure and an additional amount. After calling the resort several times to speak with someone in accounting, I left a message asking someone to send me an updated (and corrected invoice with an explanation of any additional charges). When I received the e-mail with an updated copy of my bill there was ANOTHER FRAUDULENT CHARGE! I spoke with someone after receiving that invoice and she seemed a bit annoyed with my inquiries and requests to have the charges explained and removed.Finally, there were so many events being hosted at the Royal Palms (at least one every day of our visit), that the staff often seemed pulled away from their lodging guests. It seemed that during our stay there was not sufficient staff to address the needs of ALL guests, those lodging at the property and those hosting special events.For a property of this size, requesting what the Royal Palms requests per night for lodging, service should be seamless and all guests should feel like they are VERY special. We are not picky guests, if it were not for the abovementioned snafus, we would have never interacted with the Royal Palms staff since I had arranged all of our activities and dining options prior to arrival. In the event that the service is not seamless and the guests are not made to feel extra special, the property management should follow-up with guests to the best of their ability to explain the situation and offer some sort of compensation. I have traveled extensively for business and pleasure, and have stayed in large and small hotels where the management generally seemed to be concerned with the well-being of the guests. I did not feel that this was the approach at the Royal Palms Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Canuck87
<Content>Luxuirious, relaxing resort Pulling into the palm-tree lined driveway we got the instant feeling that we were somewhere else -- not in a city but in an oasis. The staff greeted us warmly and helped us out of our vehicle.We arrived early for our reservation. The front desk said our room may be ready in an hour. We took the opportunity to have breakfast at the only restaurant on the property -- T. Cook's. The breakfast was excellent and a great value. Our room was ready within the hour.We stayed in the hotel portion of the complex, there are also several private bungalows. Our room was spacious, quiet and comfortable. We loved the comfortable bed, candles and private balcony. Our every need and request was taken care of.The spa was well-equiped (I had a classic massage with Carol - fantastic!) The pool was chilled so you can cool off in the heat of the day.It was a great way to relax, unwind and spend the first night of our anniversary vacation.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rrr108
<Content>Great for Romance, not to do Business - Robynne Reiber NYC After reading all the great reviews of this hotel, I decided it sounded just perfect for my one night in Scottsdale. I was finishing up a long and difficult week of traveling to several cities and thought doing my last day of business in a spa and resort would help chill me out. But, this place is for romance, for couples, for people who want to veg out at the spa and try to take themselves to another level. All I wanted was a computer connection that worked, to be left alone to write and lot of hot coffee. Not exactly a match made in heaven. Truthfully, I felt like I was living in an alternative universe where everyone just smiled and nodded and repeatedly asked me if I was having a fabulous time. W/hen my room wasn't ready and I had to wait 2 hours, the nice lady at the front desk suggested I get a hot stone message while I waited -- it would clear me out and help my writing. Then once I got into my room and was just falling into a nap during the only 2 hours I had to rest in my room before finishing up my business, someone knocked on my door, woke me up and offered me tea. Okay, so you get it. This place is gorgeous, the grounds manicured to within an inch of their life. The rooms are exceedingly comfortable and meant totally for romance. And, if this is you, please do come because you'll probably give it 5 stars like the many given in the past. But, if you have stress and have to produce work, stay away because, like me, you'll end up leaving more stressed and more on edge than when you entered.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>EffigyRanch
<Content>Everytime is perfect! I have stayed here since 1999 and I think it just gets better every time we come in to town. Service is top notch, the food is excellent and the rooms of course are beautiful with a great view. Nice quality mattresses, linens, and amenities. The service is comparable to the Beverly Hills Hotel. An example is: we asked about a restaurant and they brought reviews to us; and when we decided to dine there, they made reservations and printed a map. Everything was waiting in an envelope when we went to get our car for the evening. We are treated so well, weather we are in a smaller summer discount room or a suite in March for spring training. The employees of The Royal Palms Inn will go out of there way to assist you to the best of their ability, we did not hear 鈥渘o鈥?with out a very valid reason; and they came up with alternatives. I highly recommend this place to relax and be pampered.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fielding
<Content>shy of perfection I had always heard good things about the Royal Palms (and, obviously, judging from the comments here it has many loyal followers), so I was looking forward to a weekend stay with my wife -- at a nice offseason rate. As many satisfied guests have noted, the property is initimate, well-groomed, historic, romantic (part of its schtick is to promote romance), and an utterly refreshing change from the mega resorts like the Biltmore and Phoenician which are nearby on Camelback. These are high points, along with the good service and friendly staff. However, we thought it didn't quite live up to our expectations. And, frankly, I'm a bit surprised at the surfeit of 5s in the tripadvisor ratings. The Royal Palms is good...but that good? We had a designer casita room which we thought was a bit dark and maybe a bit too in-your-face with a romantic furnishing (to be fair, this is the theme of the place). The bathtub in our room was mundane. Just a tub. But it had a huge walk in shower (with only one head). Far better, we thought, if the tub were a two-person jacuzzi tub and the shower more routine (to stick with the romance theme). The room had two patios, but the back patio was small, the walls were high, there was no planting or other vegetation. It was quite claustophobic. And the larger front patio -- where we did sit and eat breakfast one morning -- was not especially private. People could walk right by, within feet of our table (there were curtains we could pull across...but that just made it less scenic). Our room also was noisy. The AC was noisy, but most of all there was a constant running of water, like a toilet or shower was running next door. Maybe it was unique to this room -- Room 105 -- because we were at the end of a row of casitas and near the kitchen (could it have been kitchen plumbing?). Overall, the room seemed very nice and pretty but not luxurious by any means. Incidentally, these designer casitas are on the west side of the property and a bit isolated from the other rooms and casitas. You should ask to be on the east side -- you'll be closer to the pool and spa too. Finally, to our minds, one drawback was the lack of public rooms. Yes, I know, this is a boutique kind of establishment and I guess the expectation is that guests will walk the grounds or hole up in their rooms, but a couple of indoor public spaces would have been nice. The lobby here is not big -- just a check-in area. And when it's 110 outside, the outside sitting areas are not always comfortable.Call me a nitpicker, but it wasn't a perfect 5, at least if judged against other properties that try to reach the same customer base and at the same price range. But I have no problem recommending it as a sweet alternative to the big resorts -- especially if you are looking for a special romantic kind of getaway.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>travisodee
<Content>Upsetting start, great place overall My wife and I were celebrating our 1 year anniversary. I booked back in June for a Montevista Terrace Suite. When we arrived we were taken to our room. Seemed like the last room on their lot. We were told they chose this for us due to extra privacy. When I walked in I knew right away it wasn't what I had requested. I asked what was going on and our bellman (Chris) contacted the front desk. Turns out they overbooked so they gave us a higher end room. My wife and I rarely complain but in this situation I was upset that they didn't tell me this up front. I looked out our lone window and saw a fence and whatever business is next door and their vehicles. Could not see CamelBack. Spent 1 hour trying to get the front desk to cooperate and they eventually moved us to a designer casita. Very nice. Still not what I originally requested but a very nice place. Later that evening there was a knock at our door and a food and beverage gentleman came in w/ a tray of truffles. There were 3 plates and 3 cards on this tray. He left 1 card and plate w/ us. It was an apology. You would expect a place like this to at least hide the fact that they have made several mistakes, seemed too routine. Maybe the last stop he made was the most genuine. I don't want to bash Royal Palms as it was a very impressive place as was the everyday service. As everyone else has stated, Rick, Jose, and Kevin are solid down by the pool. All of the valet make you feel special. T-Cooks in my opinion is overrated. We went to Houston's the 2nd night and Roy's the 3rd night. Roy's we had 3 appetizers, 2 entrees, 1 beer, 2 glasses of wine, and dessert for about $20 less than 1 appetizer and 2 average meals at T-Cooks.We did see some of the other resorts and just from the appearance Royal Palms blows them away. We will definitely return.***keep the privacy door hanger outside, the maid service will knock on it 5 times during the day.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>HarukaKasuga
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed room 147 for 3 nights last month. The room was a little old, but it was clean so I did not mind. I really liked the warm spanish design of the room interior. The big walking closet was convenient. The bedding sheet was so smooth that I enjoyed my sleep. The bed curtain was pretty.The gardens were very nice. I enjoyed them everytime I walked outside. The bar and restaurant were great. I especially enjoyed Sunday branch buffet. There were 2 buffet prices. One for $19.99 and the other for $29.99. $19.99 buffet was buffet only. $29.99 includes the buffet and one order from the branch menu. The menu for the buffet and branch was sort of difficult to understand this system. It does not state clearly what these prices include. The buffet was excellent. I was already full with the meal so I didn't a room to taste all the deserts unfortunately. There were several kind of deserts, which looked refined. I ate only one desert, which was a rapsberry square cake. It was a small one in a big plate. It had a tangy strong rapsberry taste and I personally liked it much. The buffet was so beautiful that I feel like going back to Phoenix only for that.The steam room and juccuzi bath were located in Alvadora spa, but they were free to use anytime from 8am - 8pm. They will give you a locker room key.Parking was all convenient vallet parking.Only downsizing was that I had several mosquito bites in the room and outside of the room.Overall, it was a great hotel and and I enjoyed my 3 nights!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Rooniepie
<Content>Beautiful Resort with Excellent Service After reading the reviews on this website and a few others, my husband and I decided to book a room at this resort for our anniversary. The resorts website indicated that there would be a $22 per day resort fee which covered valet service, gratuities, fitness center, etc... Even so, I was not sure as to whether or not we should tip the valet. I went and ahead and attempted to give him the tip and he immediately said No mam, everything is already covered. We are at your service. I can't tell you how nice it was to not have to worry about figuring any of that out. I was amazed at how friendly ALL of the staff at the resort where. The receptionist to the valets all the way to the bellhops. They definitely made us feel welcome. We even had a message waiting of us on the phone, welcoming us to the resort. I booked the least expensive room so I wasn't expecting much but the room was georgeous with both a front and back patio to sit on. The bed was very large and very comfortable. The beautiful scenery, excellent service and great accomodations guarantee that we will be back :-)  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SLWATKINS
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Arrived for 6 nights on the 26th July , we are from the UK and came in from Las Vegas on South West Airlines, in Vegas we stayed at the Four Seasons.On arrival room was not ready until 4pm , this appeared the norm even though not full occupancy.We had a spa room which gives complimentary massages per person for 15 minutes each day, therapist comes to the room and does the massage then draws a bath for you with nice herbal salts and then a lovely herbal tea.Room was large in three parts, and a nice balcony with really good views to the mountains.Service in housekeeping was a bit slap dash at times and I did report certain incidents that I was not happy about, however this was dealt with Director Of Operations and General Manager immediately and service then went into overdrive, so they really do value there customers and do everything they can to ensure the level of comfort.Spa treatments are pricey but wonder as are the staff.T cooks is excellent, we ate there three times.Loved the pool which is small but was never crowded, especially loved the floats .Very good pool service.We chose not to hire a car and used the executive car company to get around and booked it normally an hour ahead, taxis literally are impossible to get.The T Cooks lounge and bar is great with a nice atmosphere and well healed locals.We left the hotel 4 times in 6 days, so that says we had a great time, I would def return and stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>chuckdpuck
<Content>Unforgetable Anniversary! My wife and I spent our 14th Anniversary at The Royal Palms. To put it simple, if you are coming to Scottsdale stay at this resort. It is so great. My wife and I felt like royalty during our stay from the service at the spa to the grapes and ice cold towels at the pool. T. Cook's restaurant is awesome as well. It made this celebration the best so far. Here's to next time....Cheers...  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mjlKansasCity
<Content>Amazing sevrice, food, atmosphere! My husband had a conference at the Royals Palms, so we came in early for the weekend to celebrate our anniversary. The hotel is very peaceful and has beautiful landscaped gardens and fountains. We spent most of our time in the pool, which is somewhat on the small side, but did not feel crowded. The drinks from the pool cabana are so good. Ask Rick or Jose to make you a raspberry Royale, it's not on the menu, so you have to request it.We had lunch at the pool cabana. No bar burgers and fries here. It was gourmet! I had a turkey wrap that was so fresh. My husband had a sirloin burger with a cheese we had never heard of. Very good! We also had breakfast at T. Cooks. Again, very fresh. The service was top notch. Anything you needed was at your fingertips if you asked. The bellmen and valets would not accept tips. Overall we really enjoyed our stay at this hotel and because it was in July in Phoenix, the price was exceptional. One last thing to note. The hotel has a lot of history. It was originally a home that has been renovated over the years. Camelback Mountain provides a beautiful view behind the hotel. My husband and I hiked it early one morning. But get there early, like 6 am, or else you will be waiting for a parking spot!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>zazzies
<Content>predictably perfect!! What can I say this was our 8th trip back (always at the end of June) and Royal Palm's was as gracious as ever. It is so heartwarmingto walk into a hotel in this day and age and be greeted by your name along with inquiries about family members that aren't with you on this trip but had visited the hotel with us previously. Sara in the office did an outstanding job of welcoming us back, along with our favorites at the pool, Rick and Jose. Rick had our favorite drinks waiting for us along with his amazing onion rings. Jose always has a smile to share. It is like going back to see old friends and we wouldbe so upset if they werent there.Nights were enjoyed listening to Dwight play the piano at the bar and Jason entertaining us with his stories. Can't wait to return nextyear!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KeepinItSimple
<Content>Regal Paradise Flair Good Points:* Great accommodations* Valets did not have their hands out after they retrieved your car * QuietBad Points:- Mandatory valet- Brickwork near pool and hot tub needs a foot rinse off (so as to prevent natural debris/dust from entering the water)- Layout can be confusing, so maybe they need a simplified mapping to be distributed upon check-in  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>FrequentBeacher
<Content>Really nice, but some confusing aspects.... If you are looking for a small, classy, intimate, beautiful resort, this is it. The grounds and public areas are stunning. There are cool little nooks and crannys where you can relax in peace. My favorite thing is to see all the hummingbirds buzzing around in the early evening. I haven't seen a casita or a suite--I've only stayed in a regular room here. I stayed in a room in the 200's on this trip. The room wasfine, especially the bath, which is opulent and wonderful. The closetin the room is small, and there's no real dresser drawers. There's coffee in the room--French press style, which is great--and a fridge that doesn't charge you if you accidently pick up an item. The rooms are a little dark, but you can fully open the blinds for more light. The only thing that perplexed me on this stay was the refilling of the mini-fridge and the coffee. They give you enough in-room coffee for one use--but I was there for almost 3 days. I figured the maid service would replenish it, but no. So I called the front desk, and someone brings me a bunch of loose coffee in a drinking glass with plastic over it.????Also, I drank all the bottled water in the mini-fridge the first day,but it was never replenished. Again, I called to request it be replenished, and they brought me some huge glass bottles of Evian from the restaurant.???Also, my room did have a small ant problem, over by the chairs. I got bit on the toe by one, and now the itching is driving me crazy. But when you are in Phoenix, these things happen. Overall, I would stay here again, most definitely. It's great to be in a place that is essentially free of screaming children. For that reason alone, I'd go back. I'd probably choose to stay in a casita.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>harleigh
<Content>Has to be "THE" Best Hotel we have stayed in!!! Well what can we say! We actually changed our holiday plans and went back for 3 more nights!!! We were moving on to Sedona next then Bryce canyon then ending up in Las Vegas. So after 2 nights in Boston The Royal Palms was our next stop. This hotel is perfect if you really want to chill out. The bell boys park your car for you and when you need it all you need to do is call them and its waiting outside the main door with the air con already on!! All the staff were fantastic here, but have to mention the guys at the Cabana Pool Bar! We had iced water that was constantly being topped up, cold flannels given to us to keep us cool! We were really well looked after. (Could so get used to that lifestyle!!!) The Hotel grounds are beautiful and all the small villas are set amongst the gardens. We stayed in one of the villas when we returned and they are great, although we did prefer our first room which was a Montivista Terrace room. They are the newest rooms in the resort and are fitted out beautifully, gorgeous sunken bath and THE most comfiest bed i have ever slept in!!! T Cooks the restaurant on the resort is fantastic! Have to reccomend the Pork Belly! Gorgeous! We will definatley be returning to the Royal Palms again one day. Just wish it was today!!!Alaina  Wes. Manchester UK.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arizonabeauty
<Content>Nice  I arrived at the resort at 5pm on Saturday for a overnight getaway. Upon arrival, everyone greeted me and my fiance and was very nice to us. We were checked in quickly and lead to our room which was part of their Montavista Collection. After looking at their website just now, I'm not sure if that was the room I was booked in so I'll have to contact them about that. The casita I stayed in was beautiful. The bed was nice and comfortable, even though my fiance complained of bedbugs, I think they were insect bites from us laying out on the hammocks or sitting outside on the patio area of our room. The pool area is small but there only a few people out there when we visited the bar area that services the pool. The staff at the bar were polite and chit chatted with us about the city and its surroundings. I did not eat at T. Cooks because reservations were needed but I did order room service which was okay. They could offer a better variety of food but again, no complaints. I did not visit the spa either, and probably wouldn't no matter how long my stay was. It is severly overpriced. I would visit again and recommend this resort over a lot of the other resorts in Phoenix because its more intimate, better for couples or honeymooners.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sweetpoppi
<Content>What a beauty!!!!! Choose local transportation wisely however. We found a last minute deal on the hotels' website which was over a $100 less than normal advertised rates (expedia, etc). I called the hotel directly and they said they were publishing them that day so, always check with the hotel.Hotel looked beautiful on the website but I expected it to be old and........... musty. It wasn't, it was absolutely perfect from the staff to the room to the grounds you could not ask for more.You could wander around the grounds without even seeing anybodyelse and it was more like being a guest in a beautiful spanish home than a hotel. Pool was busy as it was a holiday w/end but poolstaff super attentive, 5 star service.The only gripe we had was the transportation. The first night we ordered a taxi and a limo pullled up, we thought it was complimentary-nice. It wasn't . Although a little more expensive than a taxi (depending on the driver) we felt a bit ripped off.Turns out we couldn't get a taxi from the hotel without waiting almost 30-40 mins so we had to use the limo service (who were always at the hotel and always charged a diferent price) for the w/end. So, if you don't have a car use 'Discount Taxi' and just call at least half hour before as the taxis are not allowed to wait at the hotel.We ate at T.Cooks hotel restaurant food not bad, not great atmosphere-wonderful!Also, loved the in room kettle and cafetiere, never seen this in a hotel and what a difference a nice 'cuppa' makes before you get out of bed.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shawneenative
<Content>Relaxing Vacation! Just returned from 4 nights at the Royal Palms for a girls weekend with a friend from another state. What a wonderful, relaxing time we had! We loved the Royal Palms and the service was excellent. It is such a beautiful, quiet resort and the pool was so refreshing and we enjoyed just relaxing and enjoying the perfect Arizona weather. We went to the spa and had massages and pedicures, did Yoga and Pilates, enjoyed T. Cook's restaurant one night , room service, and just enjoyed the gardens, fountains and general atmosphere of the hotel. One day we didn't even bother to leave the hotel all day. Can't wait to go back! The only issue we had was we had booked a room through Expedia and requested 2 double beds. When we arrived we were told they had no more rooms with 2 double beds and were given a king suite with one bed and a pull out couch in the living room. Well, neither of us wanted to pay $300 per night to sleep on a pull out couch (and that's a bargain compared to their normal prices!) so we made do with the king size bed. They had told us the first night that we could move to a different room with 2 beds the next day. When we went to the office the next morning we were told by some different people that there were no rooms available that day and we could move the next day. Well, that was half way through our trip and it was getting rather annoying. The girl at the front desk did not seem to be too accommodating and said that was the best she could do. I asked to speak to the Manager and she informed me she was the Manager. Anyway, by that afternoon she did come through for us and upgraded us to a Spa Suite (still with the king size bed) with our own private patio overlooking a courtyard with fountains. I was also informed that all rooms do not come with a patio or balcony or a safe as they had indicated on their website. She told me I was mistaken in reading that, so if you want that you better call ahead and verify exactly what you are getting. Overall, we had a great time and would definitely recommend the Royal Palms if you can afford it. The guys at the pool were wonderful and we enjoyed the pool side restaurant every day for lunch. Their lemon ice water is the best , along with the ice cold towels they brought out to our chaise lounge in the sun. What a treat - we felt so pampered and spoiled!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Globbie
<Content>Loved it! The treasure hunt was really good fun! My husband and I stayed at the Royal Palms for a few days and we really enjoyed our stay! We have never been to Arizona before and we didn't know what to expect. The resort has a Spanish feel with lovely foundtains and gardens. The room/suite was spacious and nice, though the bathroom was quite small in comparison. The pool was small, but it was nice enough, and we didn't have any problem getting the sunbeds. We also tried the spa, which was plesant though nothing spectacular. The best part of the resort was activites that went on and the service. We were encouraged to play the treasure hunt game and every staff was very helpful in directing us/ giving us hints. We also did stargazing with a huge telescope in the garden which was quite amazing. Overall, we thought the Royal Palms was a real gem, it is not a huge luxurious resort with golf course and 6 swimming pools, but it is a relaxing and boutique-ish resort with very good service and amenities.  
<Date>May 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>HudsongrlChicago
<Content>Lovely! We just returned from our 3rd. visit to Royal Palms. This time we splurged and booked a designer casita. Our room had a front and back patio area, a fireplace and was beautifully appointed. As always the grounds and pool areas were lovely, surrounded by fragrant flowering plants and always the backdrop of Camelback Mountain.. Service at the front desk and by the pool was attentive and professional. We dined at T Cooks for dinner one night and the food and wine was excellent and service there was also outstanding. Overall, this is a very high end hotel with the feel of a boutique inn. We look forward to our next vist and thank all the staff for making our stay memorable.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>whitefirelight
<Content>Royal Palms Hospitality We stayed at this property for the last night of our week in Arizona celebrating our wedding. We had spend the previous 6 nights in Sedona and had two reasons for staying here for the night.First reason was it reduced our drive time on our day of departure, Sedona is over 100 from PHX Airport, where as Royal Palms is an easy 15 - 20 minute drive.Second reason was that many friends and colleagues in the industry had spoken highly of this property.The hospitality was extremely good, everyone was very professional. The resort fee included all Bell and Valet gratuities which we thought was great, and the service was top notch. Over all the feeling was very high end, the atmosphere attractive, and the staff paid attention to all of the little details that every property wishes all of their staff would pay attention to.Honestly our trips to Arizona are mostly leisure and take us to the Sedona area, but we would consider making a special trip to spend an extra day or two at this property, we really want to use the spa next time, our brief tour looked really good.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>mpjChicago
<Content>No place to hang your clothes!!!!!!!!! My wife and I love this hotel, the grounds, the staff, but not the rooms. It's our second visit and we will definately return. Both of our visits were over Easter and both were for a week.My title to this review is to hopefully get the attention of someone in Royal Palms management who can address my only complaint; NO PLACE TO PUT YOUR CLOTHES!At over $400 per night, you don't really want to live out of your suitcase, but Royal Palm provides no dresser, no chest of drawers, only two small one drawer nightstand, and no hooks or towel rack in the bathrooms. (Your towels are rolled and place on the counter.)No hook anywhere for your wet bathing suit or PJ's, or whatever you are wearing while in the bathroom. Just the cold marble floor!The good news on my last visit (4/07) was that we were upgraded to a small suite, the bad news is that it must have been a handicap-only room as the bar in the only closet in the space was lowered for wheelchair access. (Room 313, if my memory serves me correctly.) So, no long hang ability for the ladies. I don't remember if that was the problem in 4/06, but I do remember our room also had no convenient place to put your clothing. My wife had to hang her fancy dress on a the drapery rod.The grounds and Camelback vistas are picture postcard perfect, the food service at the pool is fantastic and all you need, the pool staff (Rick and Jose) are so good they were the biggest reason we returned again.MPJ  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	3	2	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>obxforus
<Content>When can we go back?!?!       Main entrance  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KirkcollmWp
<Content>Very intimate and beautiful I was very pleased with the service at the Royal Palms. They are extremely attentive and helpful.The hotel has beautiful grounds, and I would suggest it for a romantic getaway. The rooms are small and rommantic, with little terraces.However, don't go here to lay by the pool. It is very small and crowded. But if you just want to be in the desert with a loved one, this is the place. They have nice activites and the rooms are very quaint.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kujhawk
<Content>A slice of heaven on earth I just left the Royal Palms in Phoenix and wanted to write the review right away. What a beautiful property!Simply put, when I win the lottery so I can retire early, I plan on building a house on a Mexican beach that feels just like this place. With all it's courtyards, covered passageways, nooks and crannies, this place embodies exactly what I picture my dream house to be.The food was great. The staff was uber-helpful and courteous. The location was great for views.My room was HUGE. With a bed that had such a thick mattress that I had to hop up into it and I'm 6'1. Great giant shower. Nice touches here and there.If you ever get the chance to visit this place, you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelgirl64
<Content>An amazing place! 1) We were on a business trip, so our room was paid for by the company, thank goodness! Otherwise, I admit the room prices are a bit much.2) Most comfortable bed we ever slept on. In fact, we pulled the bedding off so we could see which company made the mattress! Came back home and got one for our own bedroom. So comfy!3) Scenery was amazing. I took so many photos of the hotel grounds themselves! The best surprise was all the citrus trees filled with fruit.4) Amazing outdoor fireplaces to sit around, which was lovely in December. We also enjoyed our dinner at the restaurant outside. They put large heaters to keep us comfortable.5) We stayed in a Valencia Suite, which was wonderful when my husband had to get up early for meetings. He could get ready and watch the news while I slept in our amazing bed.6) Our living room opened to a lovely courtyard with sitting areas and outdoor fireplaces. Our bedroom opened to a patio where we had a room-service breakfast one morning. Both sides had a view of Camelback Mountain which was gorgeous.7) I visited the spa, which was lovely. One of the nicest I've been to. Again, the company treated the spouses to 2 spa treatments each. (Yes, we were spoiled!)8) Not much around the hotel, but I did take a walk in the neighborhood behind it and it was quite a hike up a HUGE hill. But honestly we were content to stay at the Royal Palms and enjoy the grounds. The pool was not at all crowded when we were there in December and the weather was lovely.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaxmom9
<Content>Amazing weekend get-away I don't even know where to begin! My mother, sister and I met for a girl's weekend get-away from 2/9-2/12 at the Royal Palms and we couldn't have picked a more perfect place. We were looking for a nice, relaxing place where we could spend time together (we live in 3 different states across the country from each other). The resort is absolutely beautiful, the rooms are outstanding, and the spa was beyond words. We were told at check-in that the resort was fully committed, yet we felt almost as if we were the only ones there! Our casita consisted of a living room, bedroom and large bathroom - more than enough room for the 3 of us to comfortably relax. We also had a patio that overlooked a lovely courtyard area that had a fountain and several wood fireplace pits. They were lit on Friday night but not the others, which was a little disappointing. However, I'm sure that had we asked to have them lit, it would have been done right away!! We ate dinner outside of the resort 2 evenings but did enjoy T. Cook's on Saturday night. Overall, it was lovely but the service could have been better. We did feel as if the waitress could have been friendlier and more involved in our dining experience (as opposed to just serving us food). The fitness center and spa were excellent. I enjoyed two treatments at the spa and they were phenomenal - worth every penny. I would like to comment on one event that happened during our stay that explains why the Royal Palms is royal in my book....during her massage, my mother and her massage therapist were talking about where we had eaten the night prior and my mom commented that we had eaten at T. Cook's. She asked my mom what she had for dinner and my mom told her the duck. She asked her if she enjoyed it and my mom said yes, but that it had been a little dry. They went on to discuss other things and my mom didn't think anything of the conversation. When we all got back to the room, we received a call from the front desk advising us that the duck was going to be removed from bill!! What a surprise, especially when it's not expected. It's things like this that make you feel like you are a guest that is truly cared about.All in all, the Royal Palms is the nicest place I have ever stayed. It is not really for children and it's not for the die hard partier looking for night life entertainment. It's definitely better suited for the romantics or those looking to de-stress and be pampered. It's going to be hard staying anywhere else after my time at the Royal Palms!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gillysirl
<Content>Beyond expectations! WOW! What a treat to stay at this hotel. From the moment you drive up the gorgeous driveway - you are in a special place. I was amazed at the level of staff consideration- and none of it seemed fake or I'm doing this because they pay me. They offer activites for guests on the property and received excellent care and service on both of the ones we attended. And the spa! Best massage of my life (and I get them regularly) and I didn't want to leave the steam room. Just absolutely fantastic - my favorite weekend getaway location by far!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travel_diva06
<Content>Amazing experience! We stayed at Royal Palms for my boyfriend's birthday back in July this year and it was an amazing experience. The staff was courteous, cheerful, and overall very good.The pool was closed for renovation during our stay, but the RP was offering free shuttle service to the Phoenician pool. We did not feel like swimming, so this did not bother us one bit, but I thought it was a nice touch to accomodate those who wanted to swim. The Alvadora Spa was great. We had a couples massage and it was worth every penny. We left the spa feeling very relaxed-they do a great scalp massage along with the regular swedish massage for no extra charge.Dinner at T. Cook' s was good, but I would not call it exceptional. The service was average.The last thing that I MUST share is that I had arranged to have breakfast delivered to our room ahead of time and it arrived promptly, however, we were due for our spa appointments because we had overslept. So, I asked if they would re-heat our food when we got back from the spa. They said they would not do such a thing. They re-cooked our ENTIRE breakfast and had it waiting for us hot and fresh when we returned from our spa appointment!!! (for no extra charge) AWESOME!!!I highly recommend this resort to anyone, regardless of age or anything else.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arizonarachel
<Content>Great for our wedding night! My husband and I stayed here for our wedding night instead of crashing at home. It was so romantic, our casita was perfect and their romance package (rose petals, champagne, and chocolate covered strawberries) was a great ending to a wonderful wedding day. We only stayed one night, but this place is great, and we want to go back for our anniversary every year. (We missed 2006, unfortunately!)  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nick02451
<Content>Enjoyed the Royal Palms I stayed at the Royal Palms almost five years ago..it was very memorable. The reason I'm wiriting my review so late is because I just found out I have been given the oppurtunity to return on a business trip. The Royal Palms offered comfortable rooms, a delightful breakfast and a wonderful pool. We had two rooms, one for my wife and myself than a double room for my two children. Very spacious, however costly (company paid). Ver relaxing emperience, much like you would expect in Hawaii.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>lptraveler
<Content>Booked next stay before I left! I also cannot say enough good things about the staff and property! From the moment we arrived we felt pampered and relaxed. The spa was phenomenal, the staff incredible... It was so great that we booked a three night stay for 2007 from our Casita!Definitely dine there, the food is exceptional as is their Romance Director, Paul! Every staff member we encountered went out of their way (unobtrusively) to make us feel special and, well, Royal!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>parcvue
<Content>Royal Treatment I just spent a few evenings at the Royal Palms on a business trip and once again think this is one of the finest hotels in the United Sataes. Even while under major construction the property was in perfect condition, the staff well trained and informed and the overal experience above expectation.As a returning guest, I and other regulars did not think that the food was on track... The menu needssome updates and the overal quality of the food needs attention.Would I return...without question  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ANYC
<Content>A Oasis in the Desert I can't say enough good things about the Royal Palms. This is a true 5 star resort. Even though it's located on the busy Camelback Road, it's an oasis of calm with beautiful gardens, tons of places to relax outdoors, and comfortable casita style accomodations. The restaurant is phenomenal. The waiters and all of the staff were very knowledgable and affable. I don't know why people are complaining about the resort fee. When we tried to tip the valets and bellboys, they did not want to take the money since gratuity is included and seemed really appreciative when we insisted. I think it's worth the 20 bucks for smiling faces....I will definitely go back and hopefully stay for longer next time.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amber26
<Content>The Best of the Best! I stayed here on my wedding night, a night where everything needed to be just perfect and it was exactly that and more. I could not say enough wonderful things about this hotel and our stay there. The staff members are wonderful and the hotel and the room was beautiful and romantic. If I could choose to go anywhere again and stay it would this hotel. They got it all right, right down to the champagne, strawberries and rose petals. I am truly impressed by this hotel and it's service and staff. I would highly recommend this place to even the pickiest of people(whom I am one of). I wish I could have stayed there forvever.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TXHotelSnob
<Content>Loved it! This was an awesome hotel! It is very spread out and the casitas are private, like small apartments, each with it's own patio and plenty of space. The grounds are gorgeous with lots of flowers and trees with hammocks, fountains, and lounging areas throughout. A very relaxing atmosphere. The valet staff was very nice, and one guy that wheeled my luggage to my room stayed about half an hour telling me fun things to do and places to go while in town. The front desk staff and concierge did not impress me so much - and the lobby is tiny, no coffee or breakfast in the morning. Oh and a $22 resort fee is included with each night, so there is no need to tip the staff. I hear the spa is one of the best in the country - and the in-room toiletries were made custom for the spa and were fabulous! Next time, I hope to get to the spa! I will definitely stay here again, it was great!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kimp0531
<Content>Absolutely the best hotel! I stayed at Royal Palms in early June and have never been so impressed with a hotel! The staff is there for your every need...the valet staff, bellman, front desk, pool staff...all incredibly wonderful! Rick (pool staff) was amazing!! You will not be disappointed when you stay at this hotel. The facilities are beautiful, welcoming, comfortable and clean. Absolutely gorgeous!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kirbytravel
<Content>Perfect Stayed two nights, over the Memorial Day weekend. Romantic, quiet and beautiful. The Casitas are well maintained with attention to detail. The beds are extremely comfortable although we could have used a step to get on them (Thick mattresses). Rooms are not overly large or maybe it was the size of the funishings that filled it. I would say the rooms are overly furnished. Appreciated the staff attentiveness, always eager to answer any questions about both the resort and area attractions...etc. Smoking is not permitted in any of the rooms, but decorative ashtrays are placed on both the front and rear patios, making this a non-issue for smokers. Highly recommend this property for those that can afford it.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>raven40
<Content>amendment I posted an earlier review about a disappointing stay for a small group at Royal Palms .. I also wrote to the GM, Greg Miller. He has gone over board trying to 'make it right'. I do believe their interest is to be 'guest-centric'. He even refered to my posting here. So if you do book into the property you can rest assured that they will do their all to correct any errors. It IS a romantic setting and while expensive when they do get it right it can be worth it. Certainly better than the hundreds of rooms behemouths they compete with in Scottsdale.don.brown@brownchild.com  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation of My Life! Not Kidding!       Entrance  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lives out of suitcase
<Content>Birthday getaway in April I took my husband to the Royal Palms for a birthday getaway from a Th-Monday. I had researched many resorts and had narrowed my choices to the Lake Austin Spa Resort and the Royal Palms. The Royal Palms was clearly a more interesting destination with options outside of the resort that were endless, so I chose it. I booked through Expedia and while the RP was either the most expensive or 2nd most expensive choice in the PHX/Scottsdale area, it seemed to be the best fit. The descriptions on this site and at the RP website indicated it's small and personal feel and service, which was appealing. The website won me over with the awards list and the beautiful photos, especially those showing it's proximity to Camelback Mtn. I booked the package (air and hotel) well in advance- at least 4 months and figured I would begin making spa, restaurant and excursion reservations about one month out. Long story short, it is very important to call in advance (as soon as you book would be best) in order to get your preferred times to dine at T. Cooks for dinner (breakfast and lunch res. not required) and especially at the spa. The times I had asked for intitially were unavailable, even one month in advance. Also, when you speak to someone, take their name and then call again a few weeks before your trip to confirm your appts. It was all worked out before we arrived and we were welcomed with fabulous service, but I felt like most of that was due to my frequent contact beforehand. Be sure plan ahead if you stay at the RP...your trip will only be worth the expense if you plan each detail so as not to miss out on all of the opportunities and inclusions in staying here. The only reasons I did not give this resort a full 5 are: Although the resort does not claim to be adults only, all of the reviews and even the RP website alludes to this. We were there during a insurance broker's conference and many brokers had brought their children with them. While this was only a minor issue, it is worth noting that at a resort with a pool area that is so intimate, children's voices (even joyful ones) carry and tend to interfere slightly with the romantic and peaceful atmosphere.Even when you book ahead of time, the charges in the spa are a) never the same as what you saw online or were quoted and b) always seemingly random (literally as if the numbers were simply drawn from a lottery) and WAY over-priced. Check your bill carefully. If you speak to someone in charge, they will correct the bill, but it will be time consuming. The spa is fabulous and while I am willing to pay $500 a night for a room, paying more than $150 for a very standard 60 minute massage is ridiculous. Thinking that I would have been disappointed with only one day at the spa, I booked two mornings full of spa activities and services on the 2nd and 4th days of our stay. If I could do it all over again, I would simply ask for the 90 minute massage (confirm the price in writing ahead of time) and leave the spa treatments to that. This was worth every penny. The 60 minute massage and manicure were overpriced and not nearly relaxing or enjoyable enough to justify the price. I found myself anxious the entire time I should have been enjoying these treatments b/c I knew that I was spending hundreds of dollars on something that had less than $100 of value to me. On the last day we stayed, a motley crew of people that looked as if they belonged in a trashy music video took over the pool. They ordered grey goose and champagne as if it were going out of style (beginning before noon) and played their loud music and smoked their cigarettes while dancing their scantily clad bodies around the pool. They even brought their yapper of a dog to run around wildly and bother the guests. While these folks obviously had paid (on credit no doubt) for the two cabanas they inhabited it didn't matter b/c the size of the pool and area were only modestly larger than a large residential pool. Please also keep in mind that the past few days (while many children had been present) were quite peaceful and the pool had only been visited by folks with similar interests (sunbathing, having maybe 1 or 2 drinks and lunch and enjoyng the peaceful and romantic atmosphere). While Rick was fab. by asking them to keep quiet and not physically invade the other guest's space, there was nothing he could do but keep bringing them their drinks and grin and bear it. Needless to say, we did not stay at the pool more than 5 minutes on our last day, which was disappointing. I am not sure how the RP could have prevented this occurance, but I am shocked that those sorts of people chose the RP for their party. It certainly was not a good match!THANKS are deserved! The special touches at the RP are what makes it worth the cost. While you could stay at the Bellagio for less, no one there will remember your name, which pool chair you like or whether you prefer red or white. You certainly won't be receiving personally signed notes at the beginnning and end of your stay, nor rose petal covered bedding or chocolate covered strawberries as a surprise at turn-down. The staff was superb and especially gracious and friendly. The grounds are beautiful. The food and service are great. The suite is worth the extra $- having the extra room is great for couples with different sleeping habits.TIPS: Place a personal item on a pool chair early in the morning to get your preferred spot. (The sun is strong, so be sure to wear sunscreen at all times.) Be sure to go to Camelback Mtn. for a few hikes- the ones recommended in the brochure are great- for all levels. Sunset horsesback riding is highly recommended. While the crowd you'll be with for 4 hours isn't the classiest, the views are breathtaking. Go to arizona-horses for one option. Skip the shopping, especially if you live in a more metropolitan area. T. Cooks is as good as any restaurant off site, so if I had it to do again I would have dined there each evening I was interested in a more formal meal. For informal, do a steakhouse or cookout with the horseback riding and be sure to check out Pizza Bianco. The Bar Bianco and Pizza rest. are well worth the wait. It is such a cute set-up on a lovely evening. Also, you'll be right next to the stadium, so you can check that out, too. If you decide to rent a car (which you don't need to do unless you plan to leave the resort more than once per day), def. do the convertible. We did and did not regret it.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>josiewales
<Content>Breathtaking! What a lovely experience we had at the Royal Palms. I have never seen a more beautiful property. The air smelled sweet and flowers were blooming everywhere you turned. Walks through the property led you to discover wonderful little secret gardens and courtyards everywhere. It is hard to believe the previous review stating they walked ten minutes to the front desk. It doesn't take ten minutes to get anywhere at Royal Palms. Yes the pool is small but that was one of the things I loved. I hate large overcrowded resort pools with worn chairs and no personal service or ambiance. I do understand that some rooms are better than the others but the purpose of darker rooms is to give you a respite from the hot Arizona sun. It is to give the best of both worlds. Beautiful, bright exterior and cool and calm interiors. We all must take some responsibility when we travel and do as much research as possible. It is very clear everywhere you read that the hotel restaurant T. Cooks is well known and reservations are strongly recommended in advance. If you are a fan of big, trendy resorts with 3 pools and many restaurants with rooms that all look the same then this hotel is not for you. But if you are looking for a magical, romantic, quiet getaway with the grace of a fine european inn then Royal Palms is the place.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AFussyTraveler
<Content>Windows wouldn't open, view of hall and air conditioning machines This is the prettiest horrible hotel I have ever been to. Possibly the casitas in the old section are what gives it its rating. We did not see one.Our corner Plaze suite was BIG and an extremely long walk through two courtyards (my heart began sinking when I saw the first courtyard. I had an idea what we were in for as I saw open windows and the people in the rooms and closed windows along the dark halls I was walking in). The door to our room opened to a large, lovely living room with loud, admittedly pretty, stereo music greeting us. All blinds were closed, here and in the bedroom which adjoined. When I opened them, I realized why - The bedroom looked out on the air conditioning system - six huge compressors. I tried to open the window - not a chance!The living room looked out on a dark hall and blank wall with a table against it to stop the eye. Those windows didn't open either. We were in sunny Arizona with no way of breathing the air unless we propped our door open and craned our necks to see some sun and sky. When we turned the stereo down we could hear the roar. Even when we left it on, as we did all night, there was still a strange high-pitched noise we could not obliterate.I walked the 10 minute walk back to the front desk, with a wonderfully patient bellman working his second job while trying to get a real estate license, to ask for a different choice. My husband, who had just broken his elbow horseback riding, waited. I was told I had booked the new Plaza area. I had never been told the difference. The only other available room, I was told, was a deluxe room (no living room, which might have been OK with me in exchange for air) so we went to look. That had a balcony, and an opening door, overlooking...the parking lot.I didn't bother trying other choices. Actually, supposedly there were none. There were rooms that looked across a courtyard at other rooms. Not much of a choice. If your room faced the road and the hall, the other option, your windows did'nt open because it would be too noisy. We actually could still hear the cars through the fan vent in the bathroom ceiling.As mentioned in other letters, the pool is too crowded. The restaurant was fully booked for dinner when we got there, but no one had suggested when I reserved a room that I also reserve for dinner. In a way, we turned out to be lucky as it was mostly closed in like the rooms.I could go on as our daughter and her husband and two sons, for whom I had also booked a room, had sililarly difficult experiences.What did I learn? Always ask if the windows open. Just because American Express says it's a Fine Hotel, don't believe it! Don't believe the pictures. Saving grace, our room faced east and a lovely sunrise wakened us.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dahlsk
<Content>a wonderful place! My husband and I recently stayed at the Royal Palms for 5 nights in one of the plaza suites. We received great service from everyone at the resort, and also had a great dinner at the resort's restaurant T. Cooks. We loved the smaller feel of this resort, compared to other populart Scottsdale resorts we visited like The Phoenician (for drinks) and the Biltmore (for brunch). The grounds are absolutely beautiful, and perfect for a romantic getaway. I didn't see too many kids/families there by the pool, mostly couples or groups of adults relaxing. We also each had a treatment at the spa, and enjoyed them both. We're not spa-addicts, so we can't compare it to many other places, but everthing was very professional and relaxing. We would love to return (but have to save up again first!).  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MelissaTX
<Content>Royal Palms - a hidden gem in Phoenix       the pool  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Phoenix Desert Oasis My husband and I booked a casita ($500) way in advance, but fortunately for us they bumped us up to the Presidential Suite! Needless to say, I have no complaints about this resort. We have never stayed in a presidential suite before, so it was quite an experience. Our suite was actually bigger than my house! It had a living room with fireplace, a dining room, kitchen, two bathrooms, a bedroom, an outdoor shower and three outdoor private patios with either a fireplace or a fountain. I did not want to leave my room the whole time we were there.This former mansion turned resort is cosy, elegant, private and beautiful. The architecture and landscaping alone, will take a full afternoon to explore. T.Cooks the onsite restaurant is superb. We had dinner there evey night of our stay. If you don't think about how much everything costs, you definitely feel like you are a VIP staying at millionaire's home estate.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jne
<Content>Royal Palms, Not Our Old Standby anymore! Well, all good things must come to an end. So be our EIGHT YEAR run at the Royal Palms Resort in Phoenix. We thought about changing our annual hotel destination this year, 2006 but decided, why change something that has usually been good? Well, we found out why. The front desk staff needs some training and they need to learn how to treat a guest who has been a faithful to their hotel for this many return visits. First, our room choice had been requested for a month prior to our trip...then on the day of arrival a very specific room was asked for and was available, only to be given away 5 minutes before we were given our room, after we waited all day for the room to be cleaned etc. Then we were told no roll aways anymore...all of our previous visits we have had one. So this was an issue this year... new rule.That was a problem since the hotel was sold out for the night. We were unable to have beds for all guests in our room, then the staff was not accomodating in finding an alternative. They offered The Ritz, which is not a Resort/Spa. We had to find our own alternative accomodations at 10 p.m. Friday night and it basically ruined our evening and the next day as we had to check out and move the next day although moving to the PHOENICIAN was a Pleasant one. WE have always had problems with the bills being incorrect at Royal Palms (we did for our one night too!) and the pool service, they had one nice guy at the RP taking care of the entire pool, when they knew they were entirely booked at their hotel. He was overworked and a little cranky! but we understood his plight. We just dont spend that kind of money to relax for a weekend away to be treated so poorly and with such disrespect for our vacation time. We will definitely be writing to the Royal Palms to let them know their returning guests will be no longer...not that they care! We will be happy to go to the Phoenician where our rooms were large and spacious with superb, expediant service in every arena of the hotel. They may be a little larger, but wow, the service there is impeccable. p.s. No maid service was knocking on doors at 8:30 on a weekend morning at the Phoenician, like at the Royal Palms...they need a few lessons on luxury accomodations..As we were checking out of the RP, we noticed a lovely older couple who were wondering why they did not have the Casita they had reserved 6 months in advance...they were very upset as well...They were heading to the Four Seasons!We will definitely not go back, too many other mishaps to list. Just lots of disappointments!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KWS53
<Content>Loved this Place - one of the best hotels at which I've stayed My wife and I just completed a 4 night stay at the Royal Palms Resort in Phoenix and loved it. We were in town for a wedding, but by staying at the Royal Palms we were able to make the wedding more of a mini vacation for us. Our first night we stayed in a regular room at the hotel, as the Casitas (which we had wanted) were full. The room was very nicely decorated, perhaps a bit small, but overall very nice. The staff was awesome - friendly, responsive, and always willing to help. On the next day, we moved to a deluxe casita, with a fireplace, which was a very nice room (though a bit pricey at $500+ per night...). We loved our stay - the concierge was great, the staff helpful, the pool service very good (and friendly - thanks Rick!) and the spa also wonderful. Perhaps the only minor disappointment was our dinner at T. Cooks, which stated off with rather chaotic service but which improved with our dinner - though still not up to the standards at the overall resort. I'd clearly go back again - and would recommend this hotel (if you're willing to pay their rates..) to others without reservation.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alijul
<Content>Not what I expected. We just spent 7 days in this resort. It is good, but definately not at the price of $350 a night. Also, they charge additional $24 a day for tips.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Toby S.
<Content>Great Hotel but check their Maths!       One of the [many] courtyards...  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best Hotel deals in the Country I recently returned from my honeymoon, where I stayed two nights at the Royal Palms and three in a suite about 10 feet from the edge of the Grand Canyon. When I was planning the trip, I had assumed that our future memories of this vacation would center around the majesty of the Grand Canyon and our unique closeness to it (We stayed at the Buckey O'Neill suite, the oldest standing structure in the Grand Canyon area). I was completely wrong. While the Grand Canyon was indeed majestic, our enjoyment of this national treasure paled greatly in comparison to our experience at the Royal Palms. I have stayed at a few 5-star hotels in the last few years, and was expecting similar exemplary service and fine dining. My expectations were greatly exceeded. The grounds are exquisite (there are many secret gardens waiting to be found, and while the hotel had no vacancies when we stayed, we almost always felt like we were the only guests), the spa was very high class, the rooms were beautifully decorated and modern (with a touch of old-world style with the four-poster beds), the food at T Cook's was excellent (room service was also provided by T Cook's), and the service was absolutely incredible. The last reviewer described service as lacking. He must have been staying at some Bizarro-world Royal Palms. Every hotel worker I passed greeted me with a smile and a hello (often congratulaing us on our honeymoon), restaurant service and room service were prompt, and when we checked out, they did express a desire to see us again (as if this really matters at all--boy, that last reviewer was picky!). But beyond this basic 5-star treatment, the service staff went above and beyond anything I had ever experienced before.One example: I bookended my trip with the Royal Palms (one night at the start of the trip and one night at the end, after the Grand Canyon). When we pulled into the Royal Palms picturesque driveway on the last night, not only were we greeted by name by the bellhops, but were shown immediately to our room, with no need to check-in. The Royal Palms, without my asking, has upgraded us to a villa (with two private courtyards) from a simple casita. In addition, by our bedside, they had given us an additional present (a CD of southwestern music) and a letter thanking us for choosing the Royal Palms for the first night of our honeymoon and for returning. They went out of their way to make my honeymoon special. This was extremely personalized service at its best.I used Trip Advisor, as well as Conde Nast (Royal Palms is on the Gold List) and Travel  Leisure (Rated as one of the Top 50 U.S. hotels and the top hotel in Phoenix/Scottsdale) to pick a Phoenix/Scottsdale resort. On Trip Advisor, while other resorts have similar overall ratings, if you compare the user reviews of the other five-star hotels to the Royal Palms, you'll notice that reviews for the Royal Palms are much more overwhelmingly positive. I recently discovered the reason why.The Royal Palms was magnificent. I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>michelena2000
<Content>Love this place I used to live in Scottsdale, and when I go back, I love to stay here. They have the greatest little bar and live music to dance the night away. The spa is wonderful, service superb. It is an older resort, with world class ambiance. I like old-fashioned places, not the modern type resorts. It is tucked away, in the middle of the city, not among the larger resorts.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The cure for a "no-labor" Labor Day My Mother and I stayed here from Fri-Sun on Labor Day weekend (2004). It was our first time in AZ. This hotel has perfect amenities (from the 24 hour pool, to the chocolates at bedtime, to the accessible valet parking) and it's in a great location (near a shopping mall with a movie theater and a nice outlet mall). The spa visit was great and very relaxing. The free spirits will love to take a clothing-optional dip in the small jacuzzi outside the women's spa after their spa service (I guess there's one for the men too!).  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite the Desert Oasis! Two weeks ago, my partner-in-crime  I decided to venture to places unknown... we found ourselves at the Royal Palms Resort  Spa. We LOOOVED it! The weather, the service, the rooms, the pool  the cigar lounge - everything was AWESOME! So awesome in fact, I've started looking for a vacation property in the area! Although the overall service was fantastic, the bellmen/valets were THE BEST! Cheers! Thank you for a memorable and relaxing weekend! We're looking forward to another visit!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelturtle
<Content>Paradise in the Desert Words can't even begin to describe this lovely best-kept-secret. Tucked in the dusty foothills of Camelback Mountain, the Royal Palms is an oasis of historic palm trees, lush gardens, vibrant lawns, mosaic fountains, and reflecting pools. The entire experience appeals to all senses...the mourning doves cooing, the gentle breeze carrying orange blossom perfume, the cool mist from the poolside cabana, the decadent food from the exquisitely appointed restaurant and lounge. Mom and I went for a Girls Weekend and indulged in Alvadora spa treaments (Orange Blossom Body Buff and Aromatherapy Massage). The spa is hands-down (or hands-on) the most decadent, soul-refreshing, spirit-rejuvinating space in which I have ever had the pleasure of lounging. It's a study in catering to one's every whim. I could go on endlessly about the peppermint towels, the plunge pool, the private outdoor showers, but suffice it to say that we nearly melted in the joy of simply being there. The Royal Palms staff were infinitely helpful and friendly, and the turndown service with chocolates was just one of the many nice touches of this special inn. We will return again and again and again! Please don't ever change!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>njtravlgrl
<Content>A beautiful resort My boyfriend and I stayed at The Royal Palms June 23 - 26. I had a business meeting on the 23rd so we decided to use the opportunity to extend our stay. I travel a lot for business and have stayed in some of the best resorts in the US. The Royal Palms ranks in my top 3. My laptop crashed before my meeting and concierge offered their IT services, as well as finding me a Data Drs. nearby. Even though it is a resort that most people go to to get away, they are well equipped for business travelers. Kris at the front desk recommended Daniel's - a small Italian restaurant just down Camelback. It was wonderful! I highly recommend it!Definitely book your spa appointment before you go - they book up very early - especially on Friday and Saturday. It is understandable why this is one of the top ranked spas in the US. The staff is very accomodating, the grounds are beautiful, the mediterranean decor is exquisite and the beds are soooo comfortable. One of the best nights sleep I've had on the road. We loved it and would definitely go back. If you are looking for a romantic getaway Royal Palms is it!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jerseybabs
<Content>Meditteranean Charmer I just returned from a girls weekend at the Royal Palms. It is a charming, beautifully decorated property with a lot of unique touches, e.g., gardens, fountains, meditteranean touches. It's not as big as some of the other resorts in the area but is laid out so you'll always have plenty of beautiful things to look at. We stayed in their casitas which were wonderful, with gardens in the front and back. The staff was helpful and mostly very pleasant. The Alvador spa is a lovely place with a very warm staff. Book early as their appointments tend to fill up quickly. The pool is very nice but is smallish if the hotel is fully booked. T. Cooke's is a delicious restaurant for every meal of the day. The Royal Palms is a very special place that I would recommend to a couple for a romantic getaway, to ladies for a girls weekend, and especially to engaged couples for a wedding ceremony.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jroth314
<Content>Loved it!       the pool  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luv2travel63
<Content>Very pretty hotel with nice service but average room I just returned from a weekend trip for business at the Royal Palms. I was put in regular room next to the road. The room had low ceilings, a small bathroom and no water pressure. The room was very dark because the main window looked out to the walkway to the other rooms so if you opened your blinds anybody in the hallway could look right in your room. Truely an awful setup. I also requested a king bed but was given two doubles instead. The beds were extremely comfortable but I don't like to travel and stay in a bed smaller than mine at home. I was told they would move me the next day but never contacted me so I didn't bother to switch. The tv was an old Zenith 25 inch with a dull picture. Also the towels were very small for a five star hotel. The pool was small and the lounge chairs all occupied. You had to wait for the pool guy to find you a chair once somebody left. It was a very quite and adult type area and not very good for children. On the positive side, the staff was very friendly and went out of their way to be helpful and caring. The food at all the functions was great and the grounds are wonderful. The lobby is warm and inviting. Overall a lovely resort but the room was just so dark and depressing I'm not sure I would want to stay there again unless I could get a room in another location. I've stayed at most of the other upscale places in Scottsdale and the darkness of the room was a real turnoff. I also missed not having a golf course on the grounds. I would not bring my kids to this resort as it would be a real dissapointment for them compared to the Phoenician, Biltmore, Hyatt, or Princess.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel I've ever stayed in I spent four nights at the Royal Palms (late March 2005) and had an excellent experience. The service could not have been better, and every staff person I encountered was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the decor and furnishings, and the landscaping and beautiful flowers were such a treat after the winter we've had in the Northeast.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best resorts that I have ever stayed in This was truly one of the prettiest resorts that we have ever stayed in. The hot tub and pool(which is heated) are located within clear view of Camelback Mountain. The grounds of the resort are just beautiful, the staff is extremely courteous and professional. The area is also great--five minute drive from Echo Canyon, ten minutes from Papago Park and the botanical gardens and zoo, and about 20 minutes from the airport and downtown Phoenix. Just ask for a room towards the back of the property, away from the noise of Camelback Road, and just know that there is an additional $22 per night resort fee which takes the place of tipping the staff.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>watch out for thieves Very nice hotel except that my laptop was stolen from the hotel. The director of security confirmed that while the doors tend to swell in certian weather, it is the responsibility of the guest to make sure the door closes all the way. Their insurance denied the claim.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this place I have stayed at the Royal Palms twice now and I absolutely love it. My first visit was for a wedding in 2003 which was one of the most incredible weddings I had ever been to - they do an awesome job with special events. My most recent visit was just for rest and relaxation, and this is the perfect spot. The Royal Palms is exquisite in every way. The spa is amazing, the food is excellent, and staff are all wonderful. Will return again and again.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming, gorgeous resort Such a beautiful resort- the gold standard for landscaping and atmosphere. We were only there one night, but would love to return and stay a while- very relaxing atmosphere. Wonderful large room and customer service. Good restaurant also. Highly recommend this resort. Was able to get a fair price also.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>agv1972
<Content>Relaxation for the Right Price The Royal Palms Resort was a restful and relaxing place to stay. The grounds were nice during the day and very romantic at night. I stayed in one of the Deluxe Casitas so my room had it's own fireplace. The staff was exceedingly polite and extremely helpful. The restaurant was Out-of Control fabulous! Great food! There is also interesting art to look at all over the grounds. However, I was told the hotel had been refurbished by Designers and it already felt a little warn and not really 5-star caliber. (That's why it looks better at night.) When compared to The Four Seasons or St. Regis, the Royal Palms will likely disappoint. Also, the pictures on the web-site look better than the real thing. The lighting in the bathroom was harsh and the layout of the bed relative to the fireplace was not well thought out. What's more, some of the bathroom fixtures/decor looked tacky-cheap and out-dated. The private terraces were not well integrated into the square rooms and seemed odd, even ugly. The good part is that the Royal Palms is much cheaper than 5-star hotels and that made it less disappointing.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DrFryeTheTravelGuy
<Content>Just missed President Bush Wow! I have been to many five star resorts and this one ranks up with the top ones I have been to. I would return to Phoenix just to stay here again. I was supposed to stay down the street at the Phoencian for a conference but they were booked and recommended the Royal Palms. I am so glad they did. After touring both properties I would only stay at the Royal Palms. It was much more intimate and private than the Phoenician which seemed more like a mall. The property was beautiful and amazingly private. The fitness center was just perfect. The pool was just the right temperature. The spa and massage was amazing. The best I have had. The masseuse told me he had done the Bush daughters the month before while they were there campaigning with their father. The restaurant was excellent! I would recommend not being on the ground floor or handicap room. My first night was this type of room and you are able to hear people above and the handicap-accessible shower is not very enticing. I asked to have my room changed and they did. I probably would have not been as pleased if they hadn't changed rooms since I was not told I was getting this type of room. The hotel is less than 20 minutes from the airport. This larger boutique style hotel is a definite top contender in Phoenix.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation Ever Absolutely one of the best hotels we've ever stayed in. Originally we planned to stay at the popular Phoenician (we've stayed there before) but could not get a reservation. When I asked the Phoenician reservation clerk for an alternate suggestion he told me about Royal Palms which is just down the street. The Royal Palms was magnificent - Mediteranean Style - sumptuous furniture, beautiful grounds, luxuriously intimate. We had a deluxe casita. I felt like royalty there. I didn't purchase any of the spa services however every day - usually in the morning - I went to the fitness room (towels, tv, music, juices, ice water, coffee, fresh fruit) to use the exercise machines, then went into the Eucalyptus Steam Room (which was heavenly - one glass wall so you can see outside) then the outdoor jacuzzi then the outdoor lounging area by the fireplace. (All, except for fitness room were separate men  women facilities). No additional charge for any of this - and they give you robe, slippers  a locker. Attendant in the spa showed me all the treatment rooms - they were unbelievable beautiful. So even if you don't use them ask to see them.Breakfast  Lunch at T.Cooks or Cabana Grille were superb. Only a little disappointed with Dinner at T.Cooks (service  decor were excellent but portions were very small and plain - also not much selection for vegetarians like us who eat fish, although not shellfish). But that is such a minor comment and will absolutely not deter us from visiting again.Treat yourself and stay at Royal Palms.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rezets
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Fabulous accomodations, Fabulous Food, Fabulous service, Fabulous spa, Fabulous all the way around. I can't say enough good things about this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChellePV
<Content>Like coming home only better... We just returned from spending the past week at the Royal Palms and there simply aren't enough good things to be said about our visit.From the moment we arrived, we were greeted by an amazingly friendly, warm and caring staff who went out of their way to make us feel welcome. Our first contact was with Tony, one of the valet attendants, who opened our doors, introduced himself and thereafter, always knew us by name. (This was a trait of everyone we met on the property...it was as if we were staying with friends who always greeted us this way.) He took care of our luggage while we checked in and then gave us a tour of the property and then showed us to our room.We splurged on a deluxe casita and it was well worth it. The room was beautiful, but then again, what isn't beautiful at the Royal Palms? The only other place we have seen that was so completely visually appealing was a resort we stayed at in Tahiti. Obviously very different environments but beauty is beauty no matter where it's found. The entire property makes you feel like you are living in a lovely, watercolor painting. The colors of the buildings and flowers and artwork all make for a serene and soothing atmosphere which you find yourself melting into very quickly.The casita was beautifully decorated and very roomy. We had a private patio in the back with a view of Camelback Mountain. We had our own patio in the front as well (there are curtains you can let down to increase the feeling of privacy) where we sat and enjoyed the lovely evenings. The bathroom is a slice of heaven. The huge, walk-in shower with built-in, tiled seating is a spa treatment in itself. And the selection of soaps and lotions that are provided are wonderfully luxurious.We can't offer enough praise to everyone, and we mean literally EVERYONE, who works there. Everyone is so happy and I don't mean in a freakish Disney/Stepford way. It's as if everyone there is absolutely thrilled to be doing their jobs and in finding ways to make you feel content and welcome. We never heard a raised voice, saw a scowling face or felt as if we weren't the most important guests there.The food in the restaurants is wonderful if just a little pricey but then again, you're paying for unsurpassed quality and service. T. Cook's serves marvelous meals and the Cabana Grill has wonderfully casual lunches (and breakfast brunch on Sundays) and poolside drinks. The poolside service is unsurpassed and again, Rick and Jose (I can't say enough good things about the two of you either!!!) make you feel as if you're visiting their home. And by the joy they demonstrate when doing their jobs, it's no wonder you feel that way.We didn't use the spa but we visited the boutique area and it was beautiful as well and also well stocked with a wide assortment of spa products.On our last night there, we had the privilege of attending the General Manager's reception in the Presidential Villa (where President Bush had stayed just 2 weeks prior...regardless of your politics, it's pretty cool to know you're standing in the bedroom where a world leader has recently slept!). Our wonderful friend Jose was there and we also had the joy of meeting Greg Miller, the GM, Rick Behr, Delores (I hope I spelled your name correctly!) the Director of Experiences, and Gregory Casale, the head chef. They were all entertaining and charming and we had lovely drinks and hors d'oeuvres which made for a great send-off on our last night. We were truly sad to leave them, in fact when we left to go back to our casita, Jose made a point of stopping us and letting us know what a pleasure it had been to have us stay with them. It felt so much like saying good-bye to a friend that we hugged him before we left.My husband had seen the resort on Great Hotels on the Travel Channel but could not remember the exact name of the resort. Since we had never been to Phoenix before, that meant we had to search through every other high-end resort property before he recognized the Royal Palms from its pictures. Even after having looked at all those other properties, we just had a feeling about the Royal Palms and we couldn't have been happier to have made the choice we did. There will be no other place for us to stay on any future visits to Phoenix. Why would we? Coming back to the Royal Palms would be like coming home.And as a testament to the commitment to service and care the Royal Palms offers, look at the negative reviews of any of the other comparable resorts. Do you see any responses from those properties' management? No. And in the scant negative comments I've seen about the Royal Palms (both of which seemed to come from completely unreasonable people in my opinion), they took the time to respond and see if they could make things right. That says it all to me.This is the finest property in Phoenix, hands down. I don't need to stay anywhere else to know that. Thank you to everyone at the Royal Palms who made our stay with you an absolute joy. We will be back!!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relaxation Paradise I stayed here with my wife and my parents almost a year ago and I still cant stop thinking about it. We stayed in a Casita (well worth the extra cost). This is a small hotel that feels very personal and the staff is very attentive (understatement). Dont go here expecting a huge Hyatt type place. This is a outstanding place for a romantic getaway or to go to relax, eat, enjoy the spa. T. Cooks restaurant was very good. Enjoy a margarita by the Kiva fireplace outside. Heaven. The casita is amazing with evening chocolates delivered to your door! I could go on. The entire staff from the valets to the maids to the pool bar staff is outstanding. Do not hesitiate to make a reservation today. I cant wait to return.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!!!! My husband and I just got back from a trip to Scottsdale and we stayed at one location for the first few night of our trip because it was a time share as was free to us, but it did not cover our whole trip so we stayed at the Royal Palms Resort and had the best time! It was so romantic and they thought of every detail. We had turn down service and had Champaign; Chocolate covered strawberries and rose petals laid on the bed shaped in a heart. The staff was helpful and even got us in our room early! The pool was great we were in a cabana and was so relaxing looking up at the mountain. We would go back in a heartbeat, what a great way to renew your relationship!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Heaven on Earth!   showReview(1511416, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful, but...   showReview(1400688, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vjacobse
<Content>I wouldn't stay here even if you paid me!!   showReview(1387839, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>damageinc67
<Content>Atmosphere galore ummmm!!! 1-)   showReview(1274782, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the money!   showReview(1141812, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrid!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   showReview(1072521, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Selectiveguest
<Content>Sponge Worthy!   showReview(838221, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No words to describe   showReview(698635, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Begeistert von diesem Hotel   showReview(13190250, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

