<Author>rico48099
<Content>Everything I could dream of! and more!! I have been staying at the Condado Plaza every January since 1986 for minmim 10 days (back in the 80's) to currently at least 2 weeks, upwards to 3 - 3 and a half weeks. I used to stay on the 10th floor (formerly known as the Plaza Club Suites) where I was always treated with respect and pampered liike the royalty I think I am (ha!) *(i'm really nobody)I have been thru just about every hotel on the island (worth reviewing anyway) and will definitle say this Hotel has always been my favorite. The location, right on the strip (ashford ave) overlooking old san juan is about the closest to nirvana one could imagine. The one thing that deters from ANY hotel, or vacation is the surrounding idiot travelers who think they they deserve special treatment - remember travelers, YOU are visiting, and have no reason to belittle or disrespect anyone. I recall one year a group of (idiot) younger folk (i can call them kids,) who were at the hotel representing hotels.com, and obviously out of their element - definitely NOT the average person who would spend the extra $$ to stay in the plaza club acting like kids, and I thought what a shame that their comments would then be used to categorize this Hotel on sites as this. Bottom line - you're gonna get what you pay for - if you're miserale in your hometown with a lousy marriage, Puerto Rico aint gonna change it.I LOve Puerto Rico, the People, The history, the bacalaitos! :)Hi Evelyn! Miss you!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VancouverPinky
<Content>Fantastic View My husband and I travel a lot and we like nice modern hotels. We are 30 and 34 years old and have been to over 20 countries. This hotel was great and very clean. We stayed in a Ocean Vista room and we had the 10th floor which is the top floor. The room is definitly big enough and the decor is very cool and the bed is so comfortable. We didn't even have to get out of bed and we could watch the ocean all day if we wanted too.The pool area is nice but they are doing some construction on a bridge nearby but it did not bother us as it was only on one day. The food at the pool is ok but a little pricy. Room service was quick as we used it for breakfast most days. The steakhouse here is awesome and it is called the Stiphouse. It is equivalent to a Morton's and we thought is was better then that. We went there 3 times in our 10 night stay.Condado is lively at night but not near the hotel. It is about a 20 minute walk to the action of the strip. There seems to always be a lot of traffic so it can take 15 minutes into this area or about 20 minutes at night into San Juan. This is the one issue we had with Puerto Rico as everything is spaced out quite a bit. We ate at two great restaurants in Condado - Jam and Umma. There was many great restaurants in Old San Juan but we like Marmalade the best. Try to White truffle bean soup!The beach at the hotel is not big and the bridge is right there so it can not look great if you face that way. We are not huge beach people so we were totally fine with it.We like the hotel a lot but we are not sure if Puerto Rico is as good as somewhere like Hawaii though.We went on the Biobay tour which everyone should go on. The entire ocean glows while kayaking at night!Have a great trip!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SouthWedger
<Content>Comfortable stay. I've read several of the reviews and wonder what kind of room they had booked. Bathroom in the ocean view rooms are appropriate sized as was the rest of the hotel room. The entire ocean side wall was glass and balcony; very nice. The room was contemporary which is not my taste but great fun for a vacation stay. The view from the balcony (9th floor) was fantastic.The Lobby and Casino: A+. Clean, fun and no smoking allowed. Won $150 bucks! The first time ever I've won!The Restaurants: C+. I wasn't excited with the selection. The Italian restaurant seemed the best choice but the marinara sauce was weak. I looked for a room service menu but not kept in room and couldn't access menu on hotel tv. It seemed too difficult to bother with. Best bet: walk down Ashford St 100 feet to the Mexican Hacienda. The food was fantastic and awesome view. The Beach and Pools: B+. Shared beach with public and really enjoyed it. It seemed great to share the space and interact with locals. Beach is large enough for need and several other public beaches are within very easy walk down Ashford St. All beaches are mostly sand. Pools are private and very well maintained.The Sites: DON'T TAKE A CAB. Outside hotel is Bus Stop (PARADA) and take B21 bus into Old San Juan. cost is 75 cents and very safe. See El Yunque Rainforest, All of Old San Juan, local beachesThe Housekeeping Cleaners: A+ Enough said, be sure to tip.The Housekeeping managers: C-. I called 3x for a light bulb replacement in the bathroom and to get a lighting panel fixed on light fixed on side of bed. Next day a mismatched light bulb showed up when i asked house cleaner directly and no one ever came by to fix light panel. Is this a big deal? No, but its not the problems, its the response to the problem that people remember. I prepare to leave feeling that although the Condado Hotel and Casino has what it takes to be 4-5 stars I wonder if they are committed to providing that level of service.The Bars: B-. Friendly staff but as long as bar drinks are $9 for a simple vodka tonic, people should buy liquor and mixers at the nearby corner store and save possibly a couple hundred dollars. Seriously, it's worth doing.The Bill: B+. Check your bill as I had extra fees to remove regarding valet parking when no one visited and I didn't have a car. Overall cost was ok as I travel alot and adjusted quickly.I would return since i know the ins and outs of the hotel and what and what not to pay for.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kevip
<Content>Nice Hotel       Room  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tp77
<Content>Not a good experience overall We stayed in this hotel in December 2008 for one night.Pros: Contemporary looking inside, nice pool areaCons:- Bathrooms are tiny!! To open the shower door you have to step outside the bathroom or to sit on the toilet. - Resort fee, which is quite steep, included the use of chairs on the beach but you have to pay extra to use umbrellas. Ridiculous. - There was a private party right under our windows. When we checked in we were assured that the party won't last all night. They meant it, it only lasted until 2 AM. We traveled with an infant, so loud music until 2 AM was NO fun for us. The only thing that the hotel manager did for us is he asked the musicians to tone it down, which did not help much.- Internet (included in the resort fee) did not work in our room or in the room of my parents. We were given keys to two other empty rooms on our floor, but it didn't work there either. Using internet in the business center came at an extra cost and it took a long time to find an employee who could help us at the business center. Overall, for a luxury hotel (as they call themselves) this was a pretty bad experience. Will never stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>insOma
<Content>Great view       iPhone photo from the balcony in my room  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>cattom
<Content>Beautiful ocean view at the Condado Plaza We vacationed at the Condado Plaza for 10 days in early December, and were very happy to have done so. The view from the Oceanview room is absolutely magnificent, and it is definitely worth the extra cost versus staying on the Cityside. First, the positive:-Magnificent ocean view in room-Contemporary rooms with modern furniture-Two pools with excellent poolside service- Gym with state-of-the-art equipment- Strip House restaurant on premises is beautiful with a fantastic ocean view and excellent food and service- it was the best steak dinner we have ever had, and we are from the NY Metro area, where restaurants abound. It is somewhat expensive, though.- Many good restaurants on Ashford Avenue within walking distance- Ropa Vieja, Anjuli Mojili, Budatai (excellent), and lots of good sushi places nearby. There is also a Chile鈥檚 on Ashford Avenue if you want a quick and inexpensive meal. The Italian restaurant at the Condado is adequate, and there is also a good view. Starbucks is just outside the front door. -Hotel is close to Old San Juan-Staff is efficient and friendly-Easy, fast, polite check-in and check-out-Any problems are quickly handled by Customer Relations Manager, Henry Neumann- we had a noisy air conditioner the first night, and complained twice to the front desk. They immediately notified maintenance, but they did not respond. We notified Mr. Neumann, who quickly took care of it. He is quite responsive, efficient, and professional, and is an asset to the Condado Plaza. My husband had a toothache during our stay, and Mr. Neumann arranged for us to see a local dentist. He does what is takes to make your stay at the Condado pleasant and stress-free. I highly recommend contacting him should you have any problems that are not being resolved by the front desk.Negatives-Casino is packed almost all of the time, as it is popular with many local Puerto Ricans as well as hotel guests.-Surrounding area has a lot of construction, and some buildings have not been finished due to poor economy.-Odd bathroom set-up with coffeemaker and closet in bathroom and no lock on door.-Very small beach, not really used by hotel occupants -City-like surroundings- if you like being in a country -type, away- from-it- all setting, this hotel is not for you. However, it appears to be quite safe, with joggers going down Ashford Avenue all times of the day and night.All in all, we liked our vacation experience, and will return to the Condado Plaza.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>goldbond
<Content>Condado really nice My husband and I traveled to Puerto Rico on December 8th and it was great the people at the Condado Casino Plaza Resort Hotel was absolutely wonderful and friendly.The hotel food and shopping is over priced but thats the way it is.Be sure to travel down to Old San Juan you will have a ball.Any and everything is there.Shopping restaurants site seeing and definately make sure you go to the CORNE Port Royal cholatier Vanessa Cathy wer absolutely fabulous. The hotel was clean the pools were nice the gym was ok the beach was breath taking. We stayed in the Ocean View room gorgeous. We will definately be going back as a family.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>MUSTANG SALLY02
<Content>Disappointed Stayed at theCondado Plaza Hotel  Casino, for the week of Dec. 5th. 2008 Have been there two times before. This time we were there to celebrate our Anniversary. The Hotel, has undergone alot of changes.. but afew things were overlooked. Our room was lovely, and they upgraded us to a full ocean view. While the view was great, the food at the Hotel, was very expensive. The portions were small, and left us, wondering if the portions were for children, instead of adults. Breakfast was good.. but averaged approximately $35.00 ( including the tip) A drink at the pool, ran $8.50 to $9.00 each.. There was no extras.. and everything, had a high price. I must admit.. the service was very good. The staff were very friendly.  The outside area's need alot of improvement.. like the jacuzzi, with only 1 jet working.. The tiles around the pool, are showing alot of wear. The grounds, are kept in prestine condition, and the workers are at it.. all day long, and it shows.  There are little to no activites, to motivate the crowd.. They don't announce anything that may be going on. You have to check at the Towel Hut.. to see if anyhting is going on. That's if.. the newsletter is printed and ready to be distrubted.  We would NOT return to the Condado Plaza in the future, unless there are CHANGES made. It's expensive, and we felt.. we did not get our monies worth.  We would like to give a special HELLO, to Michelle, the waitress at the Pool Bar.. She was wonderful, and very attentive, to our needs. And, also, Jose Gonzalez, the Security Manager, who helped us clear up an issue with one of the security guards.Our problem, was resolved.. quickly, and with professionlism. Maybe.. in time, if all the changes are made, this Hotel, will be a 4 star.. but at the moment.. it's NOT.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>majole1107
<Content>Hidden costs...BEWARE!!!!!       Another shot of the bedroom - small balcony outside  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Sapper123
<Content>Amiable Stay at Condado Plaza Stayed at the Condado Plaza for four nights in early Dec 2008. We had a large room with a nice, unobstructed view of the lagoon. Unlike other reviews, I found the reception/front desk friendly and professional. Did not eat at any of the hotel's restaurants, but there are many. Pools are nice, but the beach area is small and, upon entering the water, rather rocky. The water is calm though since you are more in a lagoon rather than the Atlantic. There are also some bridge repairs taking place adjacent to the beach and if they are driving piles for the bridge's foundation, then it can be noisy. Close to Old San Juan and other hotels/boutiques (Cartier, Gucci) on the Condado strip. Housekeeping was efficient, but not necessarily all encompasing. Bellman service was also polite and quick, but missed little things (i.e. placing luggage on luggage stand). Efficiency wise, if you self park, you have to validate the parking ticket everytime you go out. Wish they would just provide you with a special ticket that allows you to come and go as you please without having to waste time validating a ticket. Also, be aware of resort fees, island taxes, and city taxes. They will likely make up about 25-30% of your final bill.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LagunaGypsy
<Content>MUY Disappointed... I definitely would not suggest this hotel for any travelers coming in from the West Coast. After a very long and tiring trip we arrived to a very loud disco party. There was only 1 front desk person who was completely overwhelmed. It took over 20min to check in. We had already prepaid so it should have been a lot quicker, but the guests in front of us overwhelmed him. We were assured the steak house (their fine dining establishment would be open.) We arrived and they seated us only to have the manager inform us that the hostess shouldn't have done that and they were closed. He was extremely apologetic, but quite frankly it didn't help. We ate next door at the Italian restaurant where they were setting up for breakfast. The food was underwhelming to say the least. (waitress was very nice though)When we checked in we asked if would be possible to have a later check-out. (normal is Noon and we were asking for 1 o'clock) We were told it wouldn't be a problem as the hotel wasn't full, but we would have to call in the morning and request it then. Next morning after several phone calls to get through to the front desk (we were either on hold for 5 min or no one would answer) they finally answered. Apparently he was having a bad day as well because he couldn't have been ruder!! Kept repeating that we would have to pay 50% more. Finally he relented and we got our extra hour without paying the extra $150!!The room was clean and nice (a bit loud in the color scheme, red walls!) We had an ocean view which was quite nice (it's what we had paid for). But overall it's such a mixed bag here, not a great way to start a vacation. For the price I would say it's not worth the aggravation. Given the choice we would not recommend the hotel or stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>Saamson
<Content>Simply the best As I write this, I am sitting in my ocean front room at this wonderful hotel on Nov 21, 2008. I just want to let everyone know that this hotel is the best hotel I have ever stayed at. The rooms are exceptionally clean and decorated with a beautiful modern decor. The bathroom has to be one of the nicest bathrooms I have ever seen anywhere, let alone a hotel room. There is a shower right in the middle of the bathroom that is all encased in a glass enclosure which is a set up I will be copying in my own master bathroom. Even the toiletries that are provided are of top notch quality and comparable to any expensive brand name. And to boot, the cleaning service takes the time to clean your room thoroughly and carefully place items that are out of place back to where they should be. Simply put, you must see the room for yourself to really get an appreciation of the focus on detail that was put into the decoration and set up of the entire room. As for the rest hotel, it just keeps getting better. In the lobby level there is a bar that just isn't a simple old bar. It's comparable to some of the nicest bars/clubs that I've seen over in South Beach. The bartender that was on duty that night (monday) was a guy named Lance who was everything you would like to see in a resort bartender; funny, knowledgeable of the area and other vacation spots in the world, and his personality simply just made our night. I believe he said he was just getting back in to bar tending and working just one night that week. If I were the manager of that bar, I would hire him on a permanent basis in a heartbeat. And if you don't want to be inside and listen to the music that is playing, there is an expansive covered porch area facing the ocean where you have the freedom to walk around and sit wherever you please. Now for the pool area...There are 2 different pools. One huge 3 foot deep pool that wraps around the building with lights that change colors during the evening, and full bar that serves the pool with wait staff that will bring you your drink or food right to you with the nicest similes and personality in the world, and to boot has a volleyball net and a very slick water slide that my wife seemed to taken a loving too. The food is very reasonably priced and very good. Then there is a 6 foot deep salt water pool !!! As for the beach, it is somewhat of a lagoon set up that is protected by large rocks roughly 400 feet away from the beach so that the waves aren't too hard to handle and anyone (including my wife who can't swim) can enjoy the ocean water safely. Going back to the wait staff, we ordered food by the pool and asked them if it would be ok to eat the food by our chairs on the beach. They smiled and said not only can you eat there we will bring the food out to you. I was floored. And again, it gets better. We looked over to a gazebo by the right side of the beach and saw a guy standing there with what looked like a massage station. My wife and I walked over and asked the gentleman what we did, and he said he was a massage therapist. Well when we heard that, we absolutely had to take advantage of that. My wife went first and then me 2nd. Just think to yourself... You're getting a massage from a professional, under a gazebo over looking the ocean, with the sounds of the Caribbean all around you. It just doesn't get any better than that. Once we went back into the ocean we ran into a few other people who were also from NJ. Everyone one of them were also impressed with the place and had perma smiles on their faces. The experience just keeps getting better and better. I can't comment on the Casino because I don't gamble, but if the casino is anything like the rest of the hotel it just has to be another enjoyable part of the place. All in all I have to say that if you're looking forward to booking a trip to Puerto Rico, you must stay at the Condado. The Ritz, La Concha and Condado Plaza are the 3 gems of San Juan. The people who left negative reviews about this place have to be the types of people who complain no matter where they go even if they stay at the Waldorf in NYC because there is no way a hotel can do any better that what Condado has done for my wife, me and my friends this past week. The Condado and it's staff have given us memories that will certainly last us a lifetime. If you have any further questions about my simply remarkable experience in San Juan and my stay at the Condado, please feel free to email me at saamson@gmail.com. I will more that glad to help you with your trip.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>GordonPsy
<Content>Some highs, some lows       Pool area at the Condado  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>jrdrig
<Content>First Impresion at Front Desk was the Worst On November 8, 2008 we arrived to the Condado Plaza around 6:15PM. My friend began the check-in process for a niece who is a soprano who needed to stay in a quiet place that night. Then my friend introduced herself to the front desk person who was assisting the guests at the moment. The gentleman at the front desk started the usual check-in procedure. After he finished the process and charged my friend's credit card he surprinsingly told us that the room was not ready yet (check-in time is 4:00PM). Also for our surprise the gentleman at the front desk could not provide us any alternatives at that moment neither the other front desk lady who was listening to our conversation. After my friend demanded to talk with the front desk manager, the gentleman disappeared from the front desk. When the manager show up, she was the person who assisted my friend and upgraded the room to a junior suite. I should say that we are local professionals who usually use certain hotels in Puerto Rico for business partners who comes from the states.We have noted that when it comes to service to local tourists, the Condado Plaza has another rule for treating us. It is a kind of a gentle-cynical-roughness that from our perception does not contribute to a pleasant stay. Condado Plaza should improve the lack of proactiveness from the front desk personnel because it was and it will be the cause for incidents like ours. None of the front desk persons said anything about not having the room ready nor they provided any alternatives. They were just there like two inactive bodies occupying a tridimensional space. We would also like to recommend Condado Plaza to radically change their anti-local tourism policy. This is not good during these recession days.The hotel has been beatifully renewed. However, all that beauty was not enough to change the way we felt after the incident.From our side we will not recommend this hotel to our business partners. We do not want our business partners to take the incorrect impression of Puerto Rico just by staying at the Condado Plaza.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	5	4	5	1	3	5	

<Author>njstallion11
<Content>I'd give the Condado a C+ I recently returned from a 3-day stay at the Condado with my girlfriend  another couple. The hotel itself is nice, clean, and stylish. I'll start with the overall Positives, and then I will give you the Negatives...Positives:- the room itself was very nice and large. The ocean view has a GREAT view... you wake up in your bed and you are looking right out onto the water. The room was stylish and had a unique look to it. The color scheme, the shower, etc.... all very unique.- The room was cleaned in a timely fashion. - Room service was solid. The breakfast was good, came on time, and was not too expensive.- The balcony in the room looking over the water was great.- The pool / hot tub area is beautiful, and fairly large. I never felt like I was struggling to get a lounge chair. The hammocks are a nice touch.- The outdoor restaurant was pretty good. Nice location, good food.- The restaurants in the hotel are very good, especially the Strip House Steakhouse. It is very pricey (similar to New York City prices) but it is worth it. The food is excellent, the service is superb, and the overall atmosphere is great. We had a table overlooking the ocean which was a nice touch. If you want to spend $200 on a romantic dinner for two, I'd recommend the Strip House. The Italian restaurant on the mezzanine level is good too. We had breakfast and lunch there and the food is very good and reasonably priced.- The casino had $2 minimums for roulette... always a good thing.- The bar/lounge areas are lively, energetic, and fun.Negatives:- There are literally like 3 elevators in the entire hotel. We found ourselves waiting 5-10 minutes for a hotel at times. Not fun, especially being an impatient New Yorker.- There is minimal service at the Front Desk, which makes for long lines and more impatience on my part- Service overall was rude. The bellhop that greeted us and took our luggage to our room was very nice and very friendly. However, the employees working the front desk, casino and pool area are very rude.- Communication between the hotel and guests stinks... for example, we were looking for the Tony Roma restaurant in the hotel for about 15 minutes until we asked an employee and realized that it no longer existed. The same thing happened when we were looking to buy gelato. They have a big sign out near the pool area that says Gelato. When we went over to buy some, we could not find it. It was not until we asked an employee that we were told there was no gelato. Just overall disappointing...- The biggest disappointment of all was the beach area. I have been to some beautiful beaches in Puerto Rico, but this is not one of them. The beach is small, dirty, and the view is one that looks onto the nearby highway and construction sites. Not very relaxing at all, and VERY disappointing. I don't want to be sitting on a beach with a Corona and looking out onto a busy highway and construction site. Condado needs to do something to change the atmosphere there or just eliminate the beach all together. It was just plain ugly.- The casino was disappointing. Despite the low table minimums, the dealers were rude, and the games were questionable. While playing roulette, there were roughly TEN instances where the ball left the roulette wheel completely... and another 4 or 5 instances where the ball rolled along the edge of the numbers for 45 - 60 seconds before finally falling into a number. I've played roulette in many casinos and I've never seen the equipment THAT disfunctional or suspicious. The dealers didn't act like this was anything out of the ordinary. Either get some new equipment or get your staff to be a little more customer service oriented.Who wants to gamble when it seems like you're possibly being cheated out of a fair chance to win????? Not to suggest that the casino was rigging the games, because I am sure they were not... but when I left the casino after two hours I just had a bad taste in my mouth.Overall the Condado was a nice hotel with some good and some bad. Although I loved the room, the restaurants, and the pool area, I don't think I would stay there again unless there were some major upgrades to the hotel  staff.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	4	1	4	3	

<Author>kgraves30
<Content>All around a+ I was a little worried from some of the recent reviews for the hotel that I was taking my wife to (suprise BDay trip) as I had booked the hotel in January of 08. So when I gave my wife the info on the trip about 2 weeks before we departed I informed her of the reviews and said we may encounter some issues while there. But after landing and getting to the hotel, those bad reviews were thrown out the window, from the moment we stepped foot into the hotel it was a very pleasurable experience. This was my first time in Puerto Rico and her second time, she went almost 20 years ago. The staff was more than helpful to us, they checked us into our room early and also had no problems checking out, easy as pie as they say. Although the room credit we had did not get applied at first, but when we came home the wife made a phone call and it was rectified the next day. The room was one of the best I've seen with the view to the Atlantic ocean, the room was very clean and loved the decor of it, very retro style with the bright colors, very comfortable bed with soft pillows, got some great rest. The italian resturant at the hotel served as our only food, but that should tell you how good we thought it was, the pizza there was one of the best, we ate it a couple of time. We are not big adventurers when it comes to other food, but our next trip there we will venture out and grab some local food for sure. And yes we will be back and we will stay at this same hotel. And if you go and stay here, say hey to Joe the poolside bartender, he's right, the best mojito around. I would definitely and have already recommend this hotel and also the trip to Puerto Rico to anyone that will listen to me, as that's all I have been talking about since returning. To the management of the hotel, thanks for a wonderful stay and the wife and I look forward to returning in the future.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SJrocks
<Content>Beautiful location in need of customer relations 101 The hotel has outstanding outside facilities and a magnificent view. However, from the time I walked in, I missed the classic look it used to have before the so called remodeling. I agree a 100% with the person who spoke about the locals at the Casino. It used to be a very formal and elegant place. Now it is a hang out for the elderly and the lonely. I totally dislike the informal atmosphere and found it amazing that in today's economy, the majority of the people playing were women and elderly. It depressed me to walk through it. The remodeling has given the hotel a cheap look. The rooms are large and nice, but they need maintenance badly. Doors to the balcony do not lock or open easily; there is no electricity in some outlets, the phones do not work and by the way we also delt with the elevator problem-the back elevator was out of service twice for the 5 days and 4 nights we were there. The concierge desk is the biggest joke of the whole place. The guys who open the door for guest hide behind it pretending to be polishing luggage cars, while the ladies chat on the phone. We approached it several times and none stop talking or hang up to help us, one even threw her cell phone under the table!I also agree that the information and knowledge changed depending on who was there. Transportation is a pain, hard to get, expensive for a short distance to Old San Juan and I believe it should be a service to the guest. The italian restaurant indeed had great food and good portions, lousy service. The guys all looked tired or mad to be there?!?!Only Mr. Neumann, Jesus in security and Iris at the gift shop made me/us feel welcome and provided us with great-outstanding customer service. Again, I agree with what I read, if you only want a great bed to rest and the ocean and pools to enjoy the sun and sound of the waves daily-then this is it; but if you appreciate service and a desire to help the tourist so you go back, forget it! No perks, no coupons, no hotel transportation to and from airport and no transportation to Old San Juan at all-ridiculous and poor PR for the hotel. Guest relations manager needs to sell his hotel better and train staff to be corteous and NEVER argue or questioned a guest.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	2	4	3	2	3	

<Author>mosquitomagnet
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Condado Plaza We were at the Condado Plaza from October 22-26th. We really enjoyed our stay. We had a mini-suite on the lagoon side with a partial ocean view across the street. The room was clean and had everything you could ask for. We appreciated the big refrigerator. The fitness center is very nice and we made good use of it. The pool on the lagoon side was closed during our stay. They were filming a George Clooney movie. Others saw him but we did not. Rats! We usually sat by the big pool with the slide and spent time on the beach. The beach isn't very big but it is nice and the water is calm due to big rocks which were put there to break the big waves. There are many restaurants within walking distance on Ashford Ave. If you're out and about after dark watch your step! There are many holes and curbs that are easy to trip over. I rolled my ankle on a small curb and fell. Now I have a large abraision on my leg as a souvenier. We rented a car from Dollar. I was excited that I found a good deal and apparently so did many other people. The agency is off the airport property so we took a shuttle and then there was a long line to get the car. It took us over an hour to pick up the car. In hindsight we would not rent a car again unless we plan to spend the majority of the trip outside of San Juan. Driving is a challenge in San Juan since the roads/highways are not clearly marked. We saw a lot more of the city than we planned to. We drove to El Yungue and enjoyed hiking some of the trails. We did get lost on the way but eventually found it. The weather was perfect and the people were very friendly. We would go back to PR to explore the rest of the island.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>aescott
<Content>Overall enjoyable stay at the hotel       View from balcony  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>carleegirl74
<Content>Stylish Stay in Puerto Rico I was invited to Puerto Rico to stay (for free!) at Condado Plaza with a friend who was there for work. My opinion of the place may be a bit biased since I didn't have to pay... but it was an exceptionally nice hotel. It definitely has a Puerto Rican flair. Our room was clean and comfortable, but nothing extraordinary. The shower had GREAT water pressure, and was nice and hot. Very important on a vacation, I think.The casino was a decent size, though we didn't really gamble while we were there (too many places to go in PR!).I will say our afternoon in the pool area was really nice. They have a small beach near the pool area, that is a public beach, so there were a few locals milling around, but it was not unsafe or anything. The locals we met in PR were all fantastic. The pool area has 2 pools, a saltwater pool and a chlorine pool with a pool bar and water slide. The Pina Coladas were mind blowing. I personally think the Condado is a nice hotel, and a good location if traveling to PR for business or for fun. Kids might get bored after a day or two.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	3	

<Author>smarttravelman
<Content>Would you like bad customer service or mold with that? Employees are rude and not professional. Hotel floors stink and smell like mold. I went in business trip and they charged me a lot of hiden fees. If you want to enjoy your vacation or business trip go somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TexasLongtime
<Content>very rude San Juan is a busy City, We were their at the condado For 20 days, the room was nice, but, everything is very Costly, Also we had are truck broken into, The secure garage is not very secure, it happen twice . garage manager was very rudeThe beach is actually a public beach Very dangerous at night, Very expensive, If your looking for The single ife this is your hotel, Rooms are nice, everything . Bring lots of money if you are going to Stay here,  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	3	4	1	

<Author>jpd21
<Content>Hidden Fees, Not As Clean As I Imagined I stayed at this hotel with my family for 4 nights, when we got there...one of the bedsheets had a blood stain on it...and you would figure for the price they charge they would be on top of that. They notified us of the ridiculous fee of 5 dollars per person per night on top of the fact that we had already paid for our stay there. The remote control did not work..the t.v. had poor reception, the decor of the room was nice but i was not too happy that the closet was inside the bathroom where i was to hang my clothes it defineatly needed more closet space...the pool and the view was nice...the parking fee was ridiculous $16 dollars per night. We wound up spending money that we should of spend enjoying our trip in p.r....overall its better to stay elsewhere  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>BlueWhirl
<Content>I'll be back, again and again...       City View from 10th floor  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Eve76
<Content>Great hotel, great location My husband and I stayed four nights at the Condado Plaza, and we had a great time. The hotel is beautiful for a boutique hotel and nicely renovated. We stayed at an Ocean Vista with a beautiful ocean view. The staff is very friendly, rooms are clean, and the pools nice and big. We did most of our dining outside of the hotel, but did try the sushi place and the hotel's pool bar. Both good, but the pool bar a bit overpriced, especially the drinks at $10 each. The hotel is walking distance to many restaurants, and Gucci/Dior etc. shopping. Old San Juan is a 5 min. cab ride, but definitely too far to walk. There is a city bus that runs free, but after waiting once for one for 40 min. we gave up and ended up taking a cab. Cab runs $15. Old San Juan is beautiful and definitely worth seeing. We felt very safe everywhere we went. It seems that the Police is stationed on every corner everywhere. Overall, we had a great stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TamJ
<Content>Too expensive to get poor service and have mold and mildew in room       mold and mildew on ceiling  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	2	1	4	

<Author>amitw
<Content>Good Hotel with TONS OF HIDDEN Fees Just returned for a short trip to Puerto Rico. Its a nice hotel with a very good location. There is a tiny beach which is in front of the lagoon. I booked my stay through the hotel website which said a $50 REsort credit. I have contacted Customer Service which by the way is Super Slow to respond. Not seen the Credit yet. Also, there are a lot of Hidden Charges. There is a Casino on the 2nd floor of the hotel which is really small and frankly would Just Qualify for a casino. There are two swimming pools in the two towers; I took the Lagoon view which was not really worth it. If you want to stay here, take the Ocean View which is the most expensive; otherwise its not worth staying here. BEWARE: The hotel charges a lot of Hidden Fees; besides the Taxes there are some Hotel Charges which they charge you for the Internet; which did not work; there is a Business Center where you can use the Internet. The Fine Print says that you have access to the Business Center; some fees may apply. Basically this means that you can sit in the Business Center but have to pay for everything that you do there. Its about $10 or so for first 5 mins of Internet (Did I mention that they already charge you for the Internet in the Hotel Charges Section- which does not work?) The overall hotel charges come to about 31% of the actual room rate. I think this was a little outrageous. Also, Room Service is horrible. I called for a meal; they never even bothered to show up for 1 hr and 20 mins; after which we basically left the room. The good things about this place is: Pool; Tiny Beach, location of the place. You pay for everything else including parking $22/day, Internet.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	2	1	1	

<Author>whereswaugh
<Content>Stylish hotel/resort but a little far from everything The Condado Plaza Hotel is very stylish and the photos on Expedia and from reviewers on this site are for the most part accurate depictions of what you get. Our room was spacious and we had a view of the bay from a corner window. The bathroom was huge and although we stayed only one night we felt that this room would be plenty comfortable for a longer stay. There are several pools and a beach area that was very nice as well as private spots available for rent.The only negatives are:Location - if you do not have your own car it is a $15 taxi ride each way into Old San Juan...a drive that took less that 10 minutes and seemed overpriced to us. There is a bus stop outside the property but since we were there on a Sunday the hotel staff told us the schedule of buses was unpredictable. We could only find 2 restaurants outside of the hotel in walking distance - a Mexican restaurant and a Cuban/Puerto Rican restaurant that was only open for dinner. Food at both were OK and generally pricey for what we got. If there were other choices available outside of the hotel in walking distance the conceirge staff was unaware of them or unwilling to give us additional information.Concierge/Tour Booking - very disorganized!!! Different person with different information every time we went to the desk. We were first told that the tours they book are the same price as if we were to book directly on our own, but when we booked with another person we were charged a higher price. I don't mind that the hotel makes their commission for providing a booking service, but everyone working that desk should be able to explain that to customers. We had plenty of time to try and do it on our own had we known we were going to be charged a higher fee, but by the time the tour actually got booked it was too late for us to do any arrangements of our own.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>love2traveltogether
<Content>Beautiful hotel, service, so-so... My husband and I recently returned from a 2 night stay at the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino. We stayed at the hotel prior to our cruise. I have been going to Puerto Rico all of my life (37 years) and it is my favorite place in the world. We had visited San Juan last year and stayed at the Caribe Hilton. When we were visiting last year we went by the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino and had seen all of the renovations. We knew we were going to come back in 2008 and noted it as a place to stay.  Upon our arrival we were met with a very long line for check in. There was actually only 1 person at the check in desk upon our arrival but slowly more people started to help out. We waited about 20 minutes and then we were assisted. We were told that the only ocean view rooms that were available had 2 Queen beds as opposed to the 1 King bed we had requested. We said it was o.k. and were given our key to room #842. The room was perfect. The renovations of both the lobby and the rooms are great. We had a great balcony with a perfect view of the ocean. The bathroom was really nice and everything was very clean. The beds were also very comfortable and after our first night we both noted what a great, restful sleep we had. We visited the casino and had a good time. Ate breakfast both mornings at the Gusto D'Italia Restaurant. The food was very good and plentiful, the service not so great. The waiter was not overly friendly and we had to ask for things more than once. We had ice cream in the Gusto D'Italia one night and the ice cream attendant was very nice. The bar was also very nice and they make a great Pina Colada. The beach area is very small and was quite shaded so we opted to sit by the rock wall on the side of the hotel. It was extremely peaceful and the sound of the waves was wonderful. The elevators, I have to say, were very quick. I had read on several reviews about how slow they were but we did not find this to be a problem. Our biggest complaint was when we called down to the desk and asked for 2 more towels and 2 wash cloths as they had not been replenished by the room attendant the day before. What they brought us was 1 towel and when my husband explained that we needed 1 more towel and 2 wash cloths was told they would be coming right away. After an hour had passed, and they still had not arrived, my husband called the front desk and was told that they are very busy and were not sure when they could get them to us. This for us was a big turn off as a hotel of this caliber should have stocked the towels in the room to begin with and then they should have definitely brought us what we requested but then to be told they are too busy, that was not right. Fortunately this was our only complaint and hope to visit the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino again in the very near future. All in all, we would highly recommend a stay at the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>RubenV76
<Content>Great Rooms I stayed here for 4 days in September for my 11yr Anniversary and I was amazed at the transformation of the hotel. The hotel management named Henry Neuman not only was he friendly and attentive he was extremely professional and very handsome. This gentleman made sure my entire stay was comfortable and relaxing and never has an hotel employee made my stay this welcoming. I have to thank Condado Plaza for the great experience and for making it a memorable one so far of the 4yrs I have come to visit their hotel every year.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>PhillyVoyager
<Content>Oceanfront Favorite for San Juan       Oceanfront view from just down the street  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KipNYC
<Content>Magnificent Property Marred by Terrible Service Every physical aspect of the Condado is visually fresh and aesthetically pleasing. The lobby, room (city view), pool area and even casino are all a joy. The cubicle shower is a curious (i.e., fun) experience (door leaks a bit though). Balconies are always nice. The three pools (fresh water, salt water, hot tub) are all in great shape, and who isn't tempted by the swim-up bar? No-password wi-fi not only in the rooms but throughout the property.Unfortunately, the act of actually staying at the resort becomes a task rather than an experience. Here's the rundown:--For most of my stay only one of the three elevators was operating (this is the second hotel in a row where I've seen this -- trying to cut electricity costs?). A ten-story property cannot have only one working elevator; it's simply not an option.--The tour desk is an absolute disaster. They only book their own tours (the Condado is part of a local chain). My tour for the first day was rained out, and the lady who tried to reschedule couldn't confirm what was being offered when and assured me that someone would get back to me by 9PM (for a tour at 8AM the next morning). Sure enough, the next morning nobody knew anything about anything. Bottom line: In three full days they couldn't schedule a single tour for me. If you can make alternative arrangements (Gray Line, etc.) do so.--My last full day I returned to my room about 1PM after swimming. There was only one housekeeper on the entire floor, and she was sitting in a room watching television! I came back at 4:40PM and my room STILL wasn't made. I had stuff to do and told them not to bother.--Ordered a Heineken at the pool, and then watched for ten minutes while the waitress chit-chatted with the bartender. Got up and left.--Had a casino dealer more interested in the baseball game on the screen rather than actually dealing. Very annoying. (On a side note, a lot of local trash gamble in the Condado's casino. Don't expect a Vegas business convention atmosphere.) My guess is that the bigger chains skim off the best staff and the Condado has to settle for second-tier employees. Bottom Line: If you're a low-maintenance, laid-back sort of traveler (and this is a beach resort, after all), then the Condado will probably do you just fine. But if good service is an important part of your vacation experience, then be sure to explore other options.One last point: Be sure to book directly through the hotel (their website is easy to Google). They have several packages that might not show up on Expedia or Travelocity. In my case it was the Fourth Night Free deal.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>coethiel
<Content>Beautiful and Convenient       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>kathymtiru
<Content>Not all it's cracked up to be Let me start by saying it is a beautiful resort on a wonderous island. However, when we got there we noticed quite a few things. The check in was obscenely long. When we finally got to the room which as supposed to be the family suite we were literally on top of eachother it was so small. This was reluctantly remedied by Henry, the manger on duty the next day. I was then given a key to a room that was not programed to my new room. There were insufficient supplies in the room for it being a family suite and all. The hotel employees, with the exception of Sammy at the AquaGrill lack customer service skills something terrible. My rental car was damaged in the underground hotel parking lot where there are no security cameras. My thought was that someone had to have been inebriated and backed in to it without a care in the world. There are hidden costs for everything. Although you pay a resort tax this doesn't include use of the tennis court without an additional fee nor does it include the $5 pp/per night, regardless of age, room fee to name few. We never mind spending the money. After all, we are on vacation. It's when it is by surprise and with an attitude that even us NY'ers wouldn't dream of excercising that it becomes discouraging.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	-1	

<Author>Mmerose
<Content>A Bit Overrated. Rooms, lobby and hotel were attractive, but we had several problems, such as our room not being ready for an hour and a half past check-in time. Also, our balcony had a huge electric cable swinging free across one corner of it which didn't exactly make for a pristine ocean view. Both of the bathroom's electrical outlets did not work, so I had to dry my hair in the bedroom, plus the shower exuded a strong septic smell every time it was used. The final straw, though, was the horribly leaky shower that released a stream of water across the bathroom floor each time one of us showered. This leak caused my husband to fall, which then led to us changing rooms. Good points: the pool, overall cleanliness, and the pool bar.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>babiexoxo
<Content>Pretty Good Ok so i booked using the hotel website and my plane tix by jetblue.....the decor of the hotel is very nice and modern which i loved. Carol at the front desk was a complete ditz! she didnt help at all. Henry at concierge desk was the best!!! so was yaritza!!! the beach is very small but it was ok for me. very clean considering the locals can use the same beach. PR in general is clean. we went out to Old San Juan and rite down the street in a ocean view small restraunt and ate as the hotel was expensive. we did use our 50 credit promotion and ate at the strip house. the food is VERY expensive but soooooooooooo good....we had steak and it was fabulous and so was the desert!! at night the lobby lounge was fun. my only complaint was that PR has lots of mosquitos so bring off!!!!!!!! i left PR and im home and i still feel itchy!!!!!!!!! this is a reason why i may not go back to PR in general.....we rented a car for 50.00 with tax and insurance a day and drove to El Yunque ourselves which the hotel provided charlies rental car and provided great directions!!! so dont do the rainforest excursion when u ccan do it urself for cheaper!!! overall it was a relaxing, great experience and i do recommend el condado!!!! go to isla verde and see how nice the beach is!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	4	4	

<Author>NY1PR2007
<Content>"An Extremely Disappointing Experience" Where do I beging? First let me just say that originally I had booked a reservation to stay at this hotel for 9 days instead of the two days that I lasted with my family at this hotel.The original comfirmed reservation was to have taken place from Friday August 15 to Sunday August 24,2008Back in May this year I was considering going back to Puerto Rico for a longer stay than the 6 days I stood at the San Juan Marriott Resort and Stellaris Casino in the Condado area last year in October. We had such a great time specially at the Marriott that I wrote a beautiful review about the Hotel here on Tripadvisor and in the review I had stated that if we will ever go back to Puerto Rico this will be the hotel that we will go back to.I made a decision back in May this year to at least try another hotel just to see how good other hotels may fair against the Marriott. That is why after reading so many reviews about the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino(some good ones and some bad ones) I felt that the good ones were more than enough to make me want to stay at this Hotel. !HUGE MISTAKE!When I made the reservation through the hotel's website and obtaining my confirmation #, right away I placed a call to the Hotel directly from NY just to make sure that everything was as schedule specially confirming my request of an Ocean Vista Room, High Floor and most of all a room with TWO BEDS since I was traveling with my lovely girlfriend and my adorable 12 year old daughter. After talking to an agent from the hotel she assured me that everything will be as scheduled. She told me that upon my arrival to the Hotel there will be an Ocean Vista Room High Floor with TWO Beds waiting for us.Not only did I called on the day of the reservation but I also called on June and this time I spoke to Gabriel who assured me that everything was fine with the reservation an that I will be getting a room just as I have requested with two beds,high floor and facing the ocean.I placed another called the first week of August to make sure once again that all was as schedule with my reservation and thn again I spoke to another agent from the hotel who again told me that everything is ready and that my room exactly as I have requested it will be waiting for me upon my arrival.Upon our arrival at the Hotel on Friday August 15 with my rented car from Hertz I was just about to get into the Hotel entrance when we realized that it was been blocked by a barrier with a police officer standing in front of it. The police officer came to the car an told me that I could not get it but I explained to her that I was a guest at the hotel and that I had just arrived from NY and I was going to check in into the hotel. She told me to wait a second and she went to talk to another officer where at one point they started some sort of an argument because they wanted to decide who was going to move the barrier so I can get into the hotel.  After letting my drive into the hotel I came to the Valet Parking area where I had to wait for at least 20 minutes before anyone can come to help us with the luggage or even take the car. Finally a guy from the valet parking came in and asked me if I was checking in and I told him yes and also mentioned to him that I will need a bellman to bring our luggage to the room to which he replied that he did not know where the bellman was. At this point I just said to him just park the car for me and we will carry our on luggage into the hotel.When the doors from the hotel opened we could not believe what we were seeing. There was so many people in the lobby drinking an partying and the music was so loud that we were trying to get thru the people and at some point we had to yelled EXCUSE ME so they could move so we can make it to the front desk to check in.We finally made it to the front desk and were greeted by Fernando to whom I had to speak out loud so he can hear me because of the loud music being played in the lobby. I gave him my name and told him that I had a reservation for a High Floor, Ocean Vista Room with two double beds. I could tell right away that something was wrong immediately because of the expression on his face. He said to me that I did have an Ocean Vista Room on the 9th floor but only 1 bed. With everything that has been going on so far since we arrived at the hotel I started to get a little upset but chose to be a little diplomatic about it and told Fernando that I have been calling the hotel every month since I made the reservation to make sure everything was as schedule an that the most important thing was having two beds and that everytime I called I was assured that I will get a room with two beds. He said that they only had a room with only one bed. I asked him why a hotel with over 500 rooms and with a comfirmed reservation that was made almost three months ago can provide me me with what I asked for to which he replied that all the hotel does guarantee is an Ocean Vista room but not the specific amount of beds I said to him how do you expect the three of us to sleep on the same bed when I am almost 6'2. He said that he could send me an air mattress to our room at least for the night and that I can speak to the manager in the morning so he can change out room to one with two beds. At his point was almost 9pm and we were so tired and hungry that I agreed to take the room with the air mattress and wait until the next day to be transfer to another room with two beds. I asked him why the hotel so so crowded and he told me that the Hotel had booked a Local Political Convention and that is why the hotel was so packed. He said to leave the luggage by the front desk and that he will have a bellman take them upstairs. I took my room keys and asked him to tell me where the elevators where so I can go up to my room and when he pointed the elevators to me I could not believe what I saw. There was a line so long to take the elevators that I knew it was going to take us a while just to get in them. After waiting for about 15 minutes waiting for an elevator since everytime they came to the lobby they were full to capacity from people going up an down I asked him if there was another way to get to the room he told me that there was another elevator in the back towards the pool that not too many people know about. When we got to this elevator there was also a lot of people but not as much as the main/front elevators so this time we only waited for around 5 minutes to get in.We arrived to room # 912 and found the room to be clean with one bed and an L shaped sofa in front of the TV. The bellman showed up around 20 minutes later with our luggage an I asked him if he knew where was our air mattress. He said not to worry about it because it will be brought up to our room and we did not need to be there since houskeeping has the key to the room. We decided to go out the hotel to get something to eat and we felt that by the time we came back the air mattress will be in the room.This time on the way down we had to take th stairs because when we wen to the elevator area in our floor there was a lot of people waiting for the elevators. We came back to the room around almost 11:00pm and when we got ot the room there was no air mattress to be found, I called the front desk for at least 5 minutes before anyone came to answer the phone. This is not an exaggeration. This is a fact. Finally when I got someone to anwer they promise that they will send and air mattress right away. This was at 11:10PM and we all went to sleep around 1 am and still no air mattress. In had to sleep in the L shaped sofa that was in the room so my Daughter and girlfriend can sleep in th bed. This was very uncomfortable because I am almost 6'2 and I wanted my daughter an girlfriend to get a good night sleep since we have been up since 5am that day because our 9AM flight was canceled by JetBlue and we had to booked another flight thru American Airlines just to make it to Puerto Rico.While sleeping we kept waking up because our room was right across the ice making machine which at that time it became a hang out place for the drinking guests of the Political Convention that was taken place at the hotel and these people were talking so loud and and laughing right the front of our room to early hours in the morning. All I remember was that the last time I heard people talking was around 3:00am but I was so tired that I kept sleeping.The following day Saturday August 16th I was downstairs at 8 am so I can speak to the front desk manager Mr. Jean Pierre Aponte.I explained to him my situation to which he was really very apologetic and he told me that he will do whatever he could to get me a room with two beds. I gave him my cell phone number to call me because we had plans to go to the Old San Juan during the day. Mr. Aponte called me aroun 2pm but did not have good news for me. He could not find a room with two beds and most of all he did not even have an air mattress to offer me. He told me that he will take $25 off my bill for every day that I did not have an air mattress. I told Mr. Aponte that this is not what I wanted but I will have to think what I was going to do. We came back to the hotel around 5pm to find out the same old story . Over packed lobby with people holding drinks,extremely loud live music and a line of people waiting for elevators. We went to the back of the lobby to use elevator near the pool which it was not as busy as the main ones an to our surprise the elevator was out of service. We decided to go up the stairs because it was going to take a while if we were going to wait for the elevators. It took us a little longer because my daughter as a problem with one of her knees and it takes her a while to go up stairs. We made it to our room and decided to just change an relax at the pool. HUGE MISTAKEWhen we arrived at the pool , the pool was so packed with the guest and friends of the Political Convention that there was no chairs available at all. We decided to go to the beach instead and when we went to get the chairs by the beach they were all tied up with ropes. We asked why? and they told us that the beach chairs can only be used until 6pm. Guess what? I looked at the time and it was 6:10pm! Our luck Well we had no choice but to sit on the sand and do the best we could.While seating on the beach I looked at my daughters face and I saw how sad she was. She was also in pain because her knee started to hurt because of the climbing thru the stairs to our room.It was at this point that I decided that I had enough of the Condado Plaza Hotel. I told my girlfriend, packed the suitcases because we are checking out of this lousy hotel and we are going to the Marriott. I walked to the San Juan Marriott Hotel and right away they found me a room with 2 beds. It was costing me over $500 more that the Condado Plaza Hotel but guess what? It was worth it. I returned to the Condado an had to carried part of our luggage downstairs because we waited for 25 minutes in the room and when I called the front desk (which I had to call 3 times before anyone answer the phone) I was told that it was taking longer than expected because they only had 1 bellman working that night. Can you believe that a Hotel such as big as this one had 1 Bellman working on a Saturday night.When I got to the lobby I happen to find Fernando the same guy that checked us in and I told him that we were checking out. I explained to him why and he understood. He was also really apologetic and he said to wait a minute that he was going to talk to management to make sure I will not get charge for the night because check out time was 1pm and it was almost 8 pm when I was checking out. He came back and told us that I will not be charge for the night. They also took of $25 dollars for the two days I did not have the so call an hard to find air mattress. I thank him very much for all his help and left the hotel to go th Marriott.I have to say that the staff that we came across at the Condado Plaza Hotel was very nice to us. From Mr. Jean Pierre Aponte(front desk manager) to Yaritza and Fernando at the front desk as well as Kaira Velez. They were all very helpfull and apologetic to our situation and I know thy tried to do the best they could under the circumtances. They all agreed that they will not prepare for the magnitude of this Political Convention.I spoke to many of the staff from the Parking Attendant to the bellman and of course the front desk. I can see how stressed out they were. It seem to me that the guests at this Political Covention brought into the hotel all their friends an relatives from the Island and they took over this Hotel and did whatever they felt like it. We saw a lot of young people cursing and running up and down the stairs with open beer cans in their hands and also in the floors.There was no way for anyone of the guests that were not part of this Political Convention like us to relax and enjoy the comfort that this hotel should be capable of offering their guests.This was a complete chaos. This is exactly the best way to described the how this hotel looked the almost 2 days that we stood there. Will I come back to this hotel? Not in the near future. Will I recommend this hotel? Not for a long while!My advice!!! Please make sure that if you have a comfirmed reservation with a specific request at this hotel make sure that it is available and guarantee before checking in because you will be in the same situation my family and I was.My Best Regards,Carlos Reyes Queens, New York.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>enkent
<Content>A Great Vacation Spot       Mini fridge  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>izmarriednow
<Content>Perfect hotel, perfect staff, perfect location!       the room  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DobbinsFamily
<Content>Look Carefully at Other Condado area Hotels       View from Laguna Family Suite  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>izol
<Content>AMAZING!       comfy bed  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasMalamute
<Content>Not what I expected,would not stay here again I do not usually take the time nor feel compelled to write a review after a stay at a hotel but this time I do. This was my second time to visit Puerto Rico and I felt I had done my research about which hotels we might want to stay in as we wanted to stay in the Metro area. I had read a lot of the reviews on the Condado Hotel and felt there were more good ones than bad. I should have paid more attention to the bad ones. At least they fit our experience more than the good ones. We arrived on Sunday around 10:30 p.m. and I expected check in to go quickly as we had reservations and it was late in the evening. The hotel lobby looked as it had online in the photos.We had reserved a room with a private balcony overlooking the Atlantic with a king size bed. The room we were assigned had two double beds. So, down the slow elevators and back to the front desk where we had to wait to have this corrected. There were three people working the front desk, two of them were busy and the third one was staring at a computer screen and never looked up or asked us or anyone else if we needed help. So, we waited for the person that had originally helped us. The room assignment was corrected and we went back up to the new room. It was correct this time. The room also appeared as it had online but was not as clean as I had expected. The shower in the bathroom had mildew on the ceiling and the floor did not look vacuumed. The room also had a musty smell. There does not appear to be a ventilation fan in the bathroom. There was moisture on the window looking out to the balcony because of the humidity and you could see where some previous occupant of the room had written [--] You. You would think housekeeping could wipe the outside of the window between room occupants. The room seemed to be cleaned better after the first night. Note to traveler: make sure you put the 鈥淐lean This Room鈥?sign on your door when you leave your room in the morning. The other thing with housekeeping, which seemed to be the only friendly staff, was that they only put one wash cloth in the room everyday. There were two of us staying in the room and everyday I had to ask for another wash cloth. Back to the first 5 minutes in the room. We proceeded to get settled in the room and the power went out in the hotel. We were now standing in a dark room with just the glow through the window illuminating the room. I don鈥檛 really blame this on the hotel but it was one of the first of many annoying things to come. After about 15 minutes of on again off again episodes and one scary moment of being stuck in the elevator for a brief moment power was restored.The pool area is ok but I have been to several that make this really rank. The pool is opened 24 hours but make sure you bring a towel from the room if you go down in the evenings or you will not have a towel They say they provide towels at the pool but the towel shack closes around 6:00 p.m. One night I had gone down to use the hot tub and lay by the pool and enjoy the moonlight and the sounds of the ocean and felt stalked by a security guard which kept looking and walking around me as if I didn鈥檛 belong there. I almost confronted him and asked him to stop but decided to let it go. If you are going to have drinks at the pool bar be prepared to pay around $20 for two basic cocktails. Note to traveler: go to the store down the block and buy some rum, a bottle of coke and some plastic glasses and take your drink to the pool. Not one time did a waitress or waiter come over to ask if we needed a drink or anything. Another afternoon we had walked out to the pool area, set our things down and proceeded to the lagoon (beach) area to put our feet in the water and on the way back in we were stopped and asked to see the key card to our room to prove that we were hotel guest while other people just filed on by. I鈥檓 glad I had it in my swim suit pocket! I am 51 years old, clean cut and well dressed and had just walked out to the pool area from the hotel 5 minutes prior to this and he didn鈥檛 say 鈥淚鈥檓 sorry鈥?or explain why he was asking. Yes, I was insulted!!! After that we really didn鈥檛 make use of the pool area.If you want to go to the beach go to Escambron, down the road towards Old San Juan, or Carolina beach in Isla Verde. Both are part of the Blue Flag program. If you go to El Yungue stop by Luquillo beach on your way back.We rented a car from Budget which is in the tower across the street also part of the Condado Hotel. The Budget Rental people were great. We got the car we wanted and quickly. We were able to return it at the airport which is what we wanted to do. Note to traveler: if you rent a car be prepared for the parking situation at the Condado. You have to take a ticket out of the machine to get in the parking garage, pray you can find a parking spot and then when you are ready to go out again you have to take it to the valet desk which is located outside in front of the hotel, write your room number, your name and sign it, hand it to a valet and get it validated and then go get your car out of the garage. You must do this every time you come and go which is very annoying! They do not explain this system well and sometimes it went smoothly and other times the person behind the parking desk acted like they didn鈥檛 know what was going on and would tell you something completely different from what you had been doing. They tell you that in the end you will be charged a flat rate of $15.00 a day but this system does not instill confidence. We saw several people as confused as we were with the whole parking process. Also, just because you are a hotel guest does not mean you are guaranteed a parking space. There is an area designated for hotel guest but no one monitors who parks in these spots. If you come and go 3 to 4 times a day there are times you will return to the garage to see the 鈥淕arage Full鈥?sign and have no option but to park down the street in a public lot or valet park at the hotel. We had no option but to valet park one time and when we came to get the car they didn鈥檛 know where it was at first. Plus the valet parking rate is much more expensive. Note to traveler: if you have been out to a beach other than the one at the hotel there is no alternate elevator to your room you will have to go through the lobby. During the week with business men, etc. this can seem uncomfortable.We did not spend any time in the Casino as that is not our thing and we did not eat at the Strip House as we have one where we live. We did eat at the Italian restaurant which was not good. If you like Italian food don鈥檛 get it here. You also can get breakfast in this same space in the morning and we ate breakfast twice and it was fine. If you like coffee, request the Puerto Rican coffee otherwise they bring regular coffee.We did try the bar but after no wait person came to take our order we went up to the bar to order and the bartender just continued to talk to someone and ignored us even after saying 鈥渃an we get a drink?鈥?We gave up at that point.Another annoying thing at this hotel is the doors to the rooms. It is impossible to close them without a loud slam and I mean loud. So, early mornings and late evenings you are aware of the comings and goings of other guests while you are sleeping or relaxing in your own room.In general, I felt the staff was rude and unaccommodating. I think this is more of a business and convention hotel than a vacationing one. Based on our experience I was expecting check out to be an unpleasant experience and to our surprise it wasn鈥檛. We were in a long line waiting to get to the front desk when a very nice, official looking hotel representative asked if anyone was checking out and we indicated we were. He assisted us and even showed us where we could print our boarding passes for our flight home. This was the first time I felt we received the kind of service I had expected the 5 nights we stayed considering the quality and rating this hotel has or professes to have. Friday morning there was a political figure in town in addition to the people arriving at the hotel for the weekend and it really seemed like hotel staff had a wake up call. They even started to say 鈥渢hank you鈥? I know we were staying at this hotel during the 鈥渙ff season鈥?but service is service. The second day of our trip we decided to salvage our vacation mood by lowering our expectations and proceeded to have a good vacation. I feel if we had stayed somewhere else we might have had a great vacation. I would not stay here again. Next time we will stay at one of the Isla Verde hotels or one of the resort hotels.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>2scompany3sacrowd
<Content>Could have been a disaster, but...       Room1  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>riding_rockets
<Content>Excellent Were there from 7/31 to 8/9 , 2008 with two boyz, 58. Loved it. Have been to San Juan several times and stay at the Marriott Resort but didn't miss it this time.There are two buildings, one facing a lagoon, has one pool, gym, the other is ocean front, a pool with a slide, a salt water pool and the beach. Very calm beach which is public as are most in Puerto Rico.Italian restaurant overlooking ocean great for breakfast, try there 2 by 2 brkfst and you'll never need lunch.Staff is extremely nice, especially Bernice who is a hostess at the Italian place. Great steak at the Strip restauraunt. The pool side bar is great, again very nice staff, good food menu. Pretty clean place, we were in a ocean front room, very big room, unique bathroom with a shower within a glass square with toilet and sink to one side and drawers and closet on other. Wi fi is iffy, stay at higher levels to use.Starbucks is next door and you can charge everything to your room. There is a Puerto Rican/Mexican restaurant a few feet away on Ashford next door to another amazing place Waikiki. Make sure you go to the back of Waikiki out the door to be literally experience a drink or dinner overlooking the waves. Best place to be!!! Their beer is 2.50 which is cheapest next to going to the corner store which is close to Max and Charlie's pizza. They have the best pizza ever as everything is fresh. Sit at their bar to enjoy a sip while your food is being prepared.There are so many hotels and outdoor bars along Ashford, perfect in the evening.All in all a very good experience, guest manager is Jean Pierre who is very helpful.Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>kmiloMd
<Content>Weird smell, weird door-Not what I expected       Moldy ceiling  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Wolette
<Content>Loved it !!!       bed - o hso comfy  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mamagata
<Content>Lovely hotel This was the second time we stayed at the Condado Plaza. We were there 2 1/2 years ago and preferred it then to its new, modern look, but there's no going back. As other reviewers stated, the bathroom is a bit odd, encompassing the closet, refrigerator, safe, and coffee maker. With all of this, they omitted the laundry line that is frequently found over tubs; there is NO tub and there was nowhere to hang a dripping bathingsuit.The Italian restaurant, Gusto di Italia, was very reasonable  good for a hotel restaurant. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner. The service is friendly and the view of the ocean makes dining there very pleasant. The other restaurant, Strips, is VERY over-priced. Around $37 for just a steak and $10 for a baked potato. You'd have to be crazy to eat there!Down the block are other dining options. La Hacienda is OK for breakfast. Ropa Vieja was very good 2 1/2 years ago, but we didn't enjoy our dinner this time. The prices have gone up, the portions are very small and the service is indifferent. Surprisingly, it's a very popular place. Forget Chili's across the street. It's very noisy, crowded, and pedestrian, Ajili Mojili is good if you like Puerto Rican food.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>nycvegas
<Content>Very Accomadating Spent 4 days from 7/25-29 and had a great time. Beach and pool area are very clean. There's a chinese restaurants on first floor that serves great food. The restaurants around the area are good, theres a Chili's down the block. But beware that there are many taxes that inflate your bill. There was an issue with the on site laundry room. Several washers and dryer were off line. When front desk staff (Yaritza) was informed they resolved issues by having my wet clothes dryed,pressed and boxed free of charge. Thank you. I had an awesome time and would return with out hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelbug323
<Content>Fantastic Stay!! We had an excellent experience at the Condado Plaza. Our room was in the Ocean Tower. The roop was very well decorated, modern art deco. The bathroom was very large and spacious. Casino was lots of fun. Staff was great! Had breakfast once in the hotel; it was decent. The pool and small beach area was a lot of fun. I especially enjoyed the bar/lounge in the evening. IT was a nice atmosphere with DJ playing music. Had a fantastic experience and will definitely return.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sparky5715
<Content>Wonderful stay, wonderful staff We arrived at the hotel at 12pm, Eveyln at check in was very helpful but advised that only a room with a king size bed was available. We had booked a double room so we went to leave our bags and explore the hotel. Henry Newmann was at the bag check and immediately found us a room and got our keys. Who could ask for more? I had contacted Henry regarding the hotel using his email address found in other reviews on this site. He had offered me and upgrade from a city vista room to an ocean view during our correspondence and WHAT A VIEW! The refrigerator didn't work, it was found to have a faulty outlet and fixed immediately. Service and food at the Italian resturant was excellent (Carolynn at breakfast was full of information and was a treasure). The gym has exceptional equiptment . Old San Juan was a $15 cab ride away. There were plenty of chairs near the pool and we all won at the casino. Who could ask for more? I would stay again in a heartbeat. All that I expected and much, much more!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VirginIslander
<Content>ALWAYS AWESOME MY family and I usually stay at this hotel 3 times a year and it has has always been a pleasure to stay here.Everyone from the door greeters,bellboy, front desk etc.. has always given us exceptional service. I can't talk much about the pool or beach because most of my time is spent at the mall and back to my room.Overall I would recommend this hotel , it might be a little pricey but i would recommend signing up for email specials.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bdbmommy
<Content>Great stay despite some snafu's We just returned from a wonderful vacation and our first time in Puerto Rico. After initially booking at the Gran Melia in PR I read some negative reviews on tripadvisor and switched to the Condado Plaza. I can't emphasize how happy I am that I did. We arrived on Monday morning and checked right in without a wait. There was a problem with the first room we were given. The sliding door to the balcony had been left open and the bathroom was infested with mosquitos. Once we brought this to managements attention we were immdiately given another comparable room without hesitation. Every staff member we encountered throughout our stay was effiicient, friendly and polite. The head of guest relations Henry Neuman was very present and approachable. Javier was my favorite porter at the door. Any negative seeming issues we had were quickly dealt with including a leak in our room on our last night there. I also had a mishap with a dryer in the small laundry room on the premises that ate my quarters. It was so nice to be able to wash my clothes and not pack up a suitcase full of sand that a dryer that ate my quarters was a small price to pay for the convenience of not having to go off the grounds to do laundry.I would echo other reviewers sentiments that the food by the pool was very pricey and of mediocre quality. After one lunch there (we were too tired upon arrival to go forraging outside the hotel for a meal) we did not eat at the hotel at all. Having a Starbucks on the grounds helped get the day started with ease and we ate off the grounds for the rest of the day during our stay. During the week the action at the pool was manageable and it was not difficult to find an empty chair. Our ten year old son had a blast on the water slide and made friends while waiting on line. We had Diana as our server for poolside drinks and she was lovely and available without being overbearing. Like other reviewers I observed that there were people at the pool who did not seem to be guests of the hotel. When entire families show up at a resort pool in street clothing it does seem a bit suspect and I saw that more than once during the week. However once the weekend hit and the hotel was at what seemed to be capacity they began issuing wrist bands with the towels. The lagoon beach is small but had some fun snorkeling. We saw squid, octopus, puffer fish, trumpet fish and numerous other colorful tropical fish.I would suggest if you like to snorkel bring your own gear. This is a resort and they charge resort prices for gear rental.Yes, as mentioned in other reviews the elevators are slow. It seems as though there just aren't enough elevators for the amount of people the hotel can hold. During the week it really wasn't a problem but when the hotel filled up on the weekend with conventions and weddings it became more noticeable. Most people just took it in stride. The rooms were kept very clean. I would call the decor tropical West Elm. My one complaint about the rooms would be that the walls were a bit on the thin side. We got around mostly by cab after one attempt to go local and take the bus that resulted in a wait that was over an hour. If you like surfer communities go to Ocean Park beach and go to Pinky's or Top Hamburger for lunch. Everywhere we went in Puerto Rico the service was friendly and a refreshing change of pace.The absolute highlight of our vacation was the restaurant Marmalade in Old San Juan. Due to my line of work I have eaten food prepared by all the best chefs in the country including Batali, Flay, Morimoto, et al. and the food and service at Marmalade was by far the best I have ever experienced. They were completely unfazed by our bringing a ten year old in with us and did everything they could to accomodate his picky habits and make us comfortable. The whole experience was so outstanding we went back a second night without him. If you go to Marmalade ask to sit in Bernice's section. She undertands the concept of sublime service.All in all a wonderful vacation and I absolutely would not hesitate to go back!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shemedic
<Content>Nice, clean, expensive Beautiful curbside appeal, check in was a breeze, the room was not on the ocean side so the view looks a little like Brooklyn but the room was very nice...the bathroom is also the closet, coffee station, fridge and safe...so that takes a little getting used to, also it has in wall sliders without locks..so if you have kids, they might take advantage of the big gap in the closed door where if you are trying, the view is enough to poke fun....the room is spotless, and tastefully decorated..nice TV..no problem with that. The beach is small but alright if you have small children or like to snorkel near the reef..it's fine. The pools are spacious and have a lot of room to relax...lots of kids and I'm not sure if all the people there are hotel guests. Now, DON'T buy food here...don't get me wrong, it's very tasty, but ...for my young daughter and myself to have lunch (2 sandwiches, 2 drinks..no alcohol...and a small appetizer...60 bucks) And from then on, we left the hotel for all meals. There are a lot of places on the street the hotel is on with reasonable prices and good food. The people are very nice and friendly. But, if you go too far down the street at night, it gets a tad seedy..all in all, I'd stay here again, it's a nice place to relax after a long day of navigating...but very expensive if you pay beyond just the room...  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TALLEYS
<Content>ok stay 6/28/08 got there and our rooms were not together as we had been assured they would be. the lady that checked us in didn't care. just didn't want to bother it seemed. said we could wait until after four and see if any rooms were left. a couple of hours. we didn't but when we got to our rooms there was a loud buzzing from the ac or something so we asked someone else to move us and she moved us to the same floor just a couple of doors apart which was fine. so why couldn't the first one do it???? when we came back after our cruise we had to wait hours for our room. other people got theirs and one couple in our group got theirs but we just got pushed to the back burner. she said she would call housekeeping and speed it up but she didn't she just went on checking other people in and out. i watched her. it was clean and pretty but i guess i would try somewhere else next time. elevators are small and so slow. rent a car but not from the concierge. go to the rainforest it is great.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>ladyj415
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic!!!       lobby area  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>caicaiflutterby
<Content>great stay with a few minor details The Condado Plaza is a very modern and chic hotel. The lobby and rooms were awesome. The pool was great minus the fact that it was filled with kids and babies. A bunch of the babies were not wearing diapers, and who knows what happened in the pool. The kiddie pool was definitely NOT a pool, therefore everyone was in the main pool. The water slide was a plus, as was the swim up bar.However, I was disappointed in the service at the bar. For one it was extremely slow. As was the service at the Italian restaurant. It seemed as if the hotel was understaffed during 4th of July weekend. I checked the availability of rooms prior to arriving and almost everything was sold out. Based upon that, I would have assumed they would be fully-staffed, but it did not seem the case.However we were allowed to check-in at 10:30am when we arrived from the airport. Definitely a plus.I would probably stay here again on a less crowded weekend. The beach was nothing notable, and I'd recommend going to Isla Verde or taking a snorkeling catamaran tour to nearby islands.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>TripleG_GGG
<Content>Great Hotel The Condado was an excellent hotel. I would recommend the hotel and stay there again. I originally had the city view and upgraded to an ocean view. It was worth it, if you love the breeze and view of the ocean.The hotel staff was wonderful, not only with things in the hotel but with information about the city.The hotel has a nice swimming pool area (2 pools) and a nice little beach. The beach is not that big but much larger beaches are in walking distance. The hotel casino is small compared to the hotels in Vegas, but for the guest staying at the hotel and others visiting it is more than big enough.Although they play music every night, if you want to go dancing you will have to probably leave the hotel and find another location.Overall I would stay there again with no hesitation. It is a beautiful hotel and the staff is great.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marvia
<Content>Fantastic!!! Just returned from our first trip ever to Puerto Rico and we loved every minute of it. The hotel is beautiful, impeccably clean and we couldn't have asked for better staff. From Johnathan at the Front Desk to Joey at the Pool Bar and Cristina and Yaritza at the Concierge's desk. Everyone was cordial, friendly, helpful, and never hesitated to take the extra step to make our stay more enjoyable. There is a salt water pool, (6' deep all around); a regular pool, accessable to the bar (4' deep at its deepest), and a hot tub.... All great!!! The hotel is located within walking distance of several restaurants. Our favorites were Ropa Vieja and Waikiki. They've got great prices and great food. When we return, we will definitely stay at the Condado again. Recommend you stay in the Ocean Tower, rather than the Lagoon Tower as pools and Casino are in the Ocean Tower.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mosleyk
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with Minor Problems DON'T BOOK THROUGH EXPEDIA- WILL PROVIDE YOU WITH A MIGRAINE, AN ILLEGAL CONNECTION AND CANCELLED FLIGHTS. THANKS BUT NO THANKS.First of all, this Hotel is absolutely beautiful inside with a touch of class and chicness to it. Very impressed by the view from the 8th floor Atlantic View Ocean Vista (which i highly recommend). The first room that we had was on the 9th floor -had minor problems. The electricity was not working- had to have someone come and reconnect it under the side table, very dusty and floor still had hair from previous guests, sink was stopped up and would not drain, elevators are extremely slow and very time consuming. You would probably spend most of your time at the elevators. After all of my complaining- I spoke with Edjardo which was very nice and accomodating to switch us to the 9th Ocean Vista which was clean and beautiful. View is absolutely breathtaking. Bar at the pool is great, however is closes to darn early 9pm to be exact. Love the satrbucks in walking distance!!!! Please guys dont be fooled- RENT A CAR! you would not be able to go anywhere fast waiting on the bus. Excursions are a ripoff. Elyunkie(sp) Rainforest is an experience that you will NEVER forget and your legs will not either. Drive and go to the viewing at the center 35-45minutes away. You can do it for 55 dollars cheaper than paying someone to drive you and then you have to walk and find the way by yourself anyway. Oh yeah- Parking is a trip-16 a day..RIDICUL... email me and i will discuss parking with you...finley33@yahoo.com....overall the trip was great... feel free to email me if you have any questions and I would be glad to email you back. luv2travelallof thetime.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	5	1	

<Author>RobbieGonzalez
<Content>A bit of paradise on earth... Hi everybody, we really want to share our experience during our stay in Condado Plaza, it was simply amazing, it was our first time in PR and it was our honeymoon, and we fell in love with the hotel, and of course with such a beautiful country as Puerto Rico, the staff was great, and we want to thank Ferdinand, front desk, he was really great to us, excellent service, great guy; if you are planning on going to Puerto Rico, make sure you stay in Condado Plaza, something we know for sure is that we will, we can't wait to go back.Also, you have to make sure you eat pizza in Gusto de Italia, and try Rican food in the great restaurants near the hotel, we are sure it is the best location in the whole Island, something like Malibu in CA, or Miami Beach in Florida :D; the hotel is great, gorgeous rooms, great environment, I don't know if there were any construction going on, because we were never bothered by anything. Great Hotel, Great Honeymoon, Great Place.....Simply WonderfullThanks Ferdinand, Thanks Hotel Staff, Thanks Condado Plaza.....Thanks Puerto Rico  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Thesbians
<Content>Beautiful My husband and I were looking to kill two birds with one stone. We wanted a beautiful resort experience with a beach and view, as well as easy access to Old San Juan. We found it with The Condado Plaza. The service was plesant, the hotel is beautiful, the rooms are modern and clean. And the fitness, pool, and little beach area were perfect. And it was literally 5-10 min to Old San Juan! We even walked along the coast line to Old San Juan from our Hotel!...Being the first on the Ashford Strip, we thought it was the prettiest and most convienent. We definately recommned this hotel for anyone to stay...can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jean8
<Content>Better than Expected I just came back (last night) from a wonderful 5-night stay at the Condado. We were upgraded to an ocean-front room, without asking. The views were to die for, and the room we had was absolutely beautiful!  We arrived early, too early for check-in, and killed time by strolling down Ashford Avenue to Hacienda Don Jose for lunch. When our room was ready, I was shocked to learn that our bags had been brought up already. I immediately chased down the bellhop to give him a tip. Talk about the opposite of pushy! We loved the Italian restaurant on the mezzanine, had both breakfasts and dinners there - also stopped by for ice cream in the afternoon. Prompt, friendly service. The food at the freshwater pool was so delicious! The best crispy wings (buffalo wings) I had ever tasted!  And the Strip House restaurant was probably the best restaurant I've eaten in, in my life! The concierge was so helpful with everything. We booked one tour through them, and it was delightful! I used the fitness room each morning.  I'm looking forward to returning!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DavidMiami_FL
<Content>Overall good with minor cosmetic flaws       One of the pools - Open 24 Hrs.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>PBLiving
<Content>Good Hotel and Good Location We stayed one night at the Condado Plaza Hotel . We were catching a flight the next day to the BVI's and decided to stay overnight at this hotel. We stayed in an ocean view king room. Here is a synopsisGood:Rooms are nice and have been remodeled.Large balcony (if not on 2nd floor)Modern Hotel and easy to get aroundFitness Center was greatLocation, close to Old Town and AirportOK:Pools were just Ok and a little crowded with kids screamingNot So Good:Drink and food prices (bring your own drinks)Beach, not much of oneCasino, if you are used to Vegas, this will be a disappointment, but it is supposed to be the nicest casino in PRCheck in was unorganized, no real line and people were cuttingElevators are really slow, so be prepared to take the stairsOverall I think this was a nice, modern hotel. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>BonitaRebel
<Content>Luxurious and Beautiful Hotel The Condado Plaza is a very modern and beautiful hotel to stay in. They have restaurants, bars, dancing, live salsa, and great pools. We became huge fans of the pool area. They have a sea water pool that is amazing. The staff were so helpful and our rooms were very modern, comfortable and clean. I'd go back there anytime.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>USFGIRL
<Content>This hotel definitely exceeded my expectations If you are thinking about staying in Condado, I recommend the Condado Plaza Hotel. Recently renovated, (although the painting on one side of the building was not finished) the hotel has a contemporary feel and look to it from the lobby to the room itself. A huge aquarium greets you as you walk in and the rest of the lobby and mezzanine level, where the casino is, are decorated with an art deco style that screams fun. The room was the highlight however. The new, plush furniture and plasma tv were a perfect fit with the bright colors of the walls and area rug. The room was tiled throughout which gave it a nice, clean look. I never want to stay in a carpeted hotel room again! The stand alone shower with glass walls in the spacious bathroom was a big hit with the gf and just added to the uniqueness of the entire room. The digital thermostat was a nice thing to have as well. For the small amount of time spent in the room, we really enjoyed coming back to it after a long day. Our friends who stayed at the Hilton next door said our room blew theirs away! The ocean views from our room were breathtaking. The grounds were well manicured with hammocks and lounge chairs within a stone's throw of the Atlantic for those who prefer peace and quiet while the 2 pools (one with a swim up bar and huge slide) were perfect for enjoying a cocktail or two and/or letting the kids burn off some energy. The staff was friendly and knowlegable and all spoke English. The only complaints I had were the bathroom sink drained very slowly and was not fixed even after notifying the front desk. The elevators were extremely slow which caused most elevator rides to be crammed with guests as it seemed people were constantly waiting to ride. Finally, the room service prices were too expensive in my opinion...$6 for corn flakes is a bit much. Overall, for the money spent on the room, I think we lucked out and would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ryuenau
<Content>Great Hotel We had a wonderful time staying at the Condado Plaze Hotel. I would agree with the other reviewers in that the hotel has a very trendy, young, modern and comfortable feel. The pictures definitely dont do it justice. The restaurants were very good at the Condado. We had dinner in the italian restaurant and the food was excellent. There is also steak house (The Strip) and a starbucks coffee on the lower level. The hotel has a great pool thats open 24 hrs and lots of seating. The beach to the left is somewhat small and a little rough, but we still enjoyed it very much. For those who like to have a change of scenary, we spent all of our pool time at the Condado, a little time at the smaller Condado beach and most of our beach time about .25 mile east of Condado to the bigger beach (which is very easy to get to). My wife and I like to walk and roam around so we actually checked out the other nearby hotels. From our brief comparison of the beach, pool and aesthetics of each hotel along the strip, I would definitely suggest either the Condado, La Concha or the Marriott. All three had great atmospheres, great pool areas and nice beach areas (specifically La Concha and Marriott). The only cons I had about the Condado were 1) the long lines during check in; 2) we stayed in the City Vista which was a really nice room but had a small bathroom. I would definitely recommend the Condado Plaza.I hope this was somewhat insightful.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>kiss104dj
<Content>The incredible Condado Plaza Hotel       Atlantic View  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>amyi
<Content>Overpriced, room was great, overall just OK.       another view from the balcony at dusk  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>BluRodeofan
<Content>Two thumbs up! I read many of the recent Tripadvisor reviews about this hotel and we were a little apprehensive because of the wide range of comments (from great to terrible). Our experience was wonderful. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Luggage handlers were curteous. The room was awesome! Elevators worked flawlessly (some reviews complained about this). We only stayed one night (prior to departing on cruise) but have no complaints except for breakfast in the hotel restaurant. We were seated away from the windows looking out over the waterfront and then the wait staff forgot about us. Food was very good. I would not hesitate to stay at the Condado again!  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>tokunoren
<Content>Simply beautiful hotel....why so many complaints?!?!? Okay, so I read a bunch of the reviews before my stay and there was a good mix of negative and positive. I'm a pretty easy-going guy, so I wasn't too reluctant in booking at the Condado.The hotel is a really well-designed, chic, contemporary hotel similar to those you may see on South Beach. The pictures don't do it justice. It was everything I expected and more. While check-in was a bit long due to the long lines, who cares, you're on freakin vacation. RELAX!!Initially, my girlfriend and I had a room on the 2nd floor, but not being completely satisfied, we went to Edjardo at the front desk and within minutes, we were sent to a beautiful ocean-view room on the 8th floor. So only positive comments as far as the room goes. And the housekeeper did a wonderful job keeping the room clean.Regarding the other facilities, great pool (even though I don't swim) and there were never any issues trying to find a good beach chair to lounge in. And being the gambler that I am, I was pleasantly surprised by how nice the casino is (better than most other ones you'll find in Puerto Rico), but don't expect the glitz and glamor of a Las Vegas casino.As far as food, definitely try the Italian restaraunt. Breakfast and lunch were wonderful...the pancakes are HUGE, but really tasty. We never had dinner there, but I'm guessing it couldn't disappoint. If you feel like taking a short walk, about .25 miles to the left of the hotel is a restaurant called Ropa Vieja. Their chicken and beef is to die for.Overally, would I stay at the Condado Plaza again?? Unquestionably, YES!!  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kirstenl
<Content>Condado is a great, clean, new fun hotel with nice pools! This hotel was great! My husband and I didn't really know what to expect (we drove up to SJ after 3 days in Guanica). The hotel is totally new and modern, our room faced the ocean and was clean and beautiful.So you're good to go with the hotel. Things to know...- There is a beach on the property but it's like a little lagoon. I wouldn't go to San Juan for the beaches anyway, but the hotel has several really nice pools- Condado is a nice area, cabs to old San Juan, etc can get pricey. We didn't realize it's about $12-15 one way to get to old San Juan! Cheaper than parking though- The hotel was great about holding our things while we toured after we checked out, and if we were staying longer there are cool bars there as well...and a georgeous huge deck that would have been a great place for cocktails if we weren't sunburned and tired!!!Overall great, clean, affordable, more than you'd expect for the $$ and well worth it!  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>ATC08
<Content>Definately Recommend Nicely renovated hotel, three great pools to choose from. My tip would be to check the hotel sites specials, we were American Express cardholders so we got a free upgrade, 75$ resort credit,  complimentary bottle of wine. I would recommend a little restaurant right down the street called Hacienda, we got breakfast there almost every morning for like 7 bucks a person  it was really good food with an excellent view!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Cruisecrazy_8
<Content>Condado Plaza is fabulous I was a little hesitant about the hotel after reading several reviews but decided it was only 1 night pre-cruise. I'm happy to report that I found this hotel to be a first class establishment. We checked in the middle of the afternoon and so my request for an upgrade was no problem. Instead of a city view we were oceanfront. The staff at the front desk were always very nice and helpful. Our room was spacious, very modern with a huge bathroom all recently renovated. The pool area was beautiful and large enough that it didn't feel crowded..This was a great way to begin our vacation.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>AivinM
<Content>Goos looking place, terrible service! Just came back from this vacation wishing that the service of this hotel would've been as nice at the grounds. I have to say that i was impressed with the change of this hotel. It is absolutely beautiful. The problems start when you do your check in. We had booked a room for 5 days, when we got there they had it for 3. When my husband asked to get the 2 extra days he mentioned the special that they had, stay 4 nights and the 5th one is free, the girl said that we cannot have it because our reservation was for 3 days. My husband explained to her again that we wanted to stay 5 days not 3 and that we like to get the special but the girl at front desk didn't even tried to get the special she just said no that we can't have it. Got to the room and it was comfortable and well decorated. We had what they called a family suite. Two twin beds for the kids, separated from our side of the bed room. Also we had the coffee machine and the microwave. Everything was nice and clean.The pool on the Ocean tower is really nice and has a cool slide that kids and adults enjoy.The valet was another little problem. Our car was never there when we got to the valet. We always had to wait, not even if we called 20 minutes ahead of time. No opening the doors for me or the kids. Not even because we gave them good tips, and i say good because we are not cheap people!One night we ordered room service, just desserts and coffee and it took them an hour and 20 minutes to deliver the food. By the time they came me and the kids were half asleep. The night before our check out they forgot to clean our rooms. I came to take a shower and found the room exactly the same way we left it. Had to go to the room next door were a housekeeping lady was getting a room ready for check in to ask her for towels. She gladly helped me even though our room was not part of her job and she also made the report. An hour later or so the housekeeping supervisor called asking when was a good time for us to have the room cleaned. I asked for a couple of ours because me and my family were trying to get ready to go out to dinner. Well a house keeping lady came right away even though I told them that I needed some time to get my boys showered and ready and my husband needed to do the same. She kept coming back every 20 minutes because she needed to go to dinner and wanted to clean our room before taking her break. Well she cleaned our room while we were getting ready.At the end of our stay when my husband went to do the check out they asked him how was our stay to which he answered It left a lot to say, she didn't even bother to asked what went wrong. Just gave him the receipt.Now one thing I do have to say the bartenders at the pool bar are the best. Joey, David, Sterling and the girls(they were all different every day) are the best the hotel have. With smiling faces all the time and their service is above and beyond. To all of them Job well done. My husband and I go on vacation and stay at hotels at least 3 times a year. From the Ritz, to EL Conquistador, Marriott to Holiday Inn, La Quinta...etc. And by far this has been the worst service we've had. So if you don't mind this issues, go ahead book your vacation. The rest of the island is beautiful with great places to go and excellent cuisine.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>izabela_77
<Content>Very nice hotel, but unattractive room I stayed at this hotel with my husband for 4 nights. The hotel has a beautiful entrance and lobby. The doorman was very nice. They let us check in at 1:00pm. We had the city view room in the lagoon tower on the 8th floor. The room was small and unattractive. It had green walls that were dirty in some places. The curtains had orange stains. The balcony was quite big, but the street below was very noisy so it was no fun to do anything on the balcony. The flat screen TV was small. There was a small bottle of Fiji water, which we were welcome to enjoy for only $7. There was a tiny, tiny closet space. The bathroom was very small, a lightbulb was missing, but the shower was very large with nice glass doors. There were some shampoos and lotions, but they all had broken seals that said do not use if the seal is broken. The bed was comfortable and the sheets were changed daily. There was almost no carpeting on the floor, which was great. The pool area was wonderful with fresh water pool, salt water pool, and hot tub. There is also a pool in the laguna tower. It's also very nice, but we found it on the last day of our stay. There was only one person there. The beach was tiny and we never went there. The bar at the pool was great, but very expensive ($10 per drink). They also had nice music and live band on Saturday. We never ate at the hotel restaurants. We tried to have breakfast at the Italian restaurant on our last day, but we left the place when nobody took our order or offered us anything to drink after sitting there with the menus for 15 minutes, despite the fact that they had 5 waiters for 5 tables. We usually ate at the lovely local restaurants: Hacienda Don Jose and Waikiki (great broiled salmon with rice and beans). That's pretty much it. I would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>megalicious22
<Content>Joey, Another Teq-ini Please I just got back from a long weekend trip with some girlfriends and I can't imagine having a better time than we had. The Condado Plaza had a lot to do with that. The lobby is beautiful, the staff is so friendly  helpful. We arrived early  had no problem with the early check in. They gave us two beautiful rooms right next to each other. We were on the lagoon side, so we did get a roof view of the building below, but if you just lifted your chin a little higher you could only see the great view of the city. After we unpacked, we hit the pool. I couldn't ask for a nicer pool area. The staff was attentive, but busy, so it was a little slow, but hey, we were on island time. The drinks were a little pricer, but they were pricey everywhere. I challenge you to find a cheap good place to get a drink with a pool side view in San Juan.The staff was extremely attentive. Our bathroom door was squeaky so we alerted the concierge on our way back from breakfast  the maintenance man beat us to the room. He also changed some light bulbs and we were good to go. Do not miss the swim up bar. And when you're there ask for Joey. He was so much fun  made our last few hours at the hotel a blast. We almost missed our flight because we were having such a good time.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>beach_mom_leesburg
<Content>was nice       view from back terrace  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lfaust2Atlanta_GA
<Content>Enjoyed our stay I had stayed at Condado Plaza about 5 years ago, on business. We decided to return for vacation, since I heard about the renovations. All in all, I think they did a great job. The only complaint I have is that it takes forever to check-in and out. It seems they should have more front desk reps on duty, especially on the weekends. Also, the showers didn't seem to be designed with much thought. The door opens right into the closet area, and ours also leaked a bit.In general, we enjoyed our stay. We had an ocean view king room. It was very quiet at night, since we were on one of the higher floors. Room was clean and comfortable. We only had a couple meals in the hotel (breakfast), since the prices were pretty expensive. But, the concierge was very helpful in helping us find places to eat. The location is great. Easy to walk around Condado and very close to Old San Juan. There is also an Enterprise car rental office on-site, which is very convenient if you want to explore the island.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Wyomingirl
<Content>Nice Grounds but has Accounting Problems Booked the room back in October 2007 continued to follow the rate and when it dropped called and asked for an adjustment. My credit card was then billed for the full amount again. Took two more calls to get this resolved.At check in, one night post cruise, the lobby was an unorganized mess. Waited in one line only to be told that we should have been in another line, took 15-20 minutes just to get to the front desk to check in.Once we got to our room it was nothing like the red and black room pictured on the website, but hey we're on vacation so we went with the flow. The room was in the Laguna Tower on the 7th floor and it did have a nice view with a balcony.Later decided to have some drinks and appetizers down at the Aqua Grill and watch the rainstorm. The service was outstanding around the pool area and the views incredible. After a few Pina Colada decided to call it a day since we had a early flight.Next morning went down to check out and here is where things started going south again. The bar charge was incorrect and so they took a copy of the receipt and said I would be credited the amount of difference. Well here it is 2 days after check out and my credit card has been double billed again for the incorrect bar charges. After calling once again to accounting I am trying to get this cleared up.This hotel has potential with beautiful grounds and a nice location but because of the accounting hassles I just couldn't recommend them unlike the Holiday Inn Express that we stayed in pre-cruise (See my review on them).  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jrivera
<Content>condado plaza hotel  we went for easter week and stay for 5 days,the hotel is clean very friendly people and is near all the atractions i will recomend it. to every singles or couples.. thank you condado plaza we loved our stay and beautiful rooms JOSE FROM HAMBURG N.Y  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>april20
<Content>very nice I read all the reviews before I left and I was expecting terrible service and very pricey... I did not... I thought the service was very good... it was slow but everything is slow below Maryland compared to New Jersey. The service at the pool was not great but it was not that big of a deal. The service and food in the Italian restaurant was very good. I thought everyone was nice and accommodating. The concierge desk was not the friendliest but they did help us when we asked. The front desk did upgrade us to an ocean view room when we asked.. I don't think I would have enjoyed myself as much if we were on the city side... The town is not all that nice but we did manage to find some good restaurants to eat at 鈥?although I would not walk around by myself there. all in all, we had a very nice time.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>taby6407
<Content>Try and stay away from this one This hotel is under construction. Some one should have told them to fix the elevators first. My husband and I were going up to the 10th floor on the pool side elevator ,when it got stuck for 30 mins between the 9th and 10th floor. The elevator as bouncing up and down, I really thought the cable was going to snap and we would shurly die. we pressed the panic butten several times and the people would hang upon us. we rang the bell...nothing. I was relly upset by then. luckly my husband was their to calm me down. he got up and some how pulled open the doors and pushed me out. my husband was pretty mad so we went down the stairs to the lobby and asked for the manager and they gave us the securety manager. We said we were leaving and all they said was for us to fill out an accedent report. my husband said their better be a gm here by the time we get back down with our stuff. luckly when we came back the night manager was their and they told us they would comp everyting. we went to another hotel and calmed down. the next day we went back to get a recept. All they did was comp one night and the cheepest night at that. we are getting a lawyer to help us with this one.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>tctravels
<Content>Skip Condado and San Juan       View of inlet  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Kbell_Boston
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic The Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino is an absolutely fantastic place! It's hip, funky, and stylish with also a very practical twist. The rooms are fairly priced and I found them to be clean, nicely sized, and well maintained. There were also two nice pools (one even had seats at the bar) and the other one was of salt water which I found to be unique. It seems like the over-haul has worked and they are really trying to live up to high standards.  The staff is incredibly caring and I found them to be quite conscientious about their guests. Yes, there was a small wait for check-in, but no more than 10 minutes and once you were helped things went smoothly and efficiently.The concierge was very helpful with trips, and they have a great assortment. I highly recommend the Catamaran snorkeling trip. It was fun, the people were great (leading the tour) and worth it! The beach at the hotel is fantastic because it's protected and very easy to swim and snorkel there. I also found the location to be convenient to Old San Juan. A cab ride is very easy.  Overall, I was sad to leave and would definitely recommend this hotel for one who is seeking relaxation, rest, and just a mellow time in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>hammyryder79
<Content>Slick, stylish and efficient My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Condado Plaza for our honeymoon and were really pleased. It may not be an obvious 'romantic' choice for a honeymoon but we'd been recommended it by 2 sets of friends for its good value, location, efficiency etc... and I dont believe we could have chosen better anywhere else in San Juan (maybe the Ritz Carlton but, 5 times the price!)Firstly arrived on a 9am flight, check in was not until 4pm but as I had previously enquired about an early check in our room was available straight away. Secondly we were upgraded for free to a gorgeous ocean view room so we were doubly pleased straight away! The room was great - slick, modern, spacious, loads of room in the bathroom and lovely comfy bed and lounge area. The hotel is in the final stages of renovation but at no point did this interfere with our stay. All the staff were friendly and efficient. The reception staff quick, helpful and we even witnessed them deal with a lost child in a lovely manner. The bar/restaurant staff at the Aqua pool bar were friendly as were the concierge, travel desk and bell boys. We never had to wait more than 2 minutes for a taxi which were hailed from over the road.We ate at Aqua bar for lunch (very nice salads) and had a meal in the Strip House which was superb - sultry burlesque decor and fabulous steaks. There is a wine waiter too who was very knowledgable and not at all patronising like some i've experienced.The casino is average - they dont have a texas hold 'em table so we went to the Marriott one night to play there. They have roulette and black jack though.The hotel is only about 5-10 mins in a taxi to Old San Juan traffic pending ($12) so not far at all. Old San Juan was beautiful with its cobbled streets and colourful shop fronts but I actually quite like the fact we could 'escape' from the hussle and bussle. Within walking distance from the hotel are numerous restaurants and designer shops (Gucci, Salvatore Feragamo, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Mont Blanc etc...) and boutiques.I would definately stay at this hotel if I were to go back and would recommended to all demographs.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kpdzineChicago_Il
<Content>It was fun       view  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>fiestajack
<Content>Highly Recommended! We were extremely pleased with our experience at the Condado Plaza Hotel  Resort. The front desk clerk was exceedingly friendly and upgraded our room with out us asking. Check-in was fast. Our room was beautiful, spacious and spotless. Everywhere we went, the staff greeted us and offered assistance. The pools were beautiful and clean. The beach was nice, but since it's a public beach, it's hard for the hotel to keep it clean. The restaurants are nice, but expensive. (Tony Romas is no longer there.) We were a quick walk from great restaurants. The concierge helped us make tour plans to the rainforest, restaurant reservations, recommendations to another beach, and tips on where to purchase aloe vera for a sunburn. We would highly recommend this hotel to our family and friends. As you read the reviews of hotels on this site, please keep in mind that some people will always complain. We consider ourselves experienced travelers and this hotel far exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yessam1277
<Content>The good and the bad       Room  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	2	1	5	

<Author>Sdfarrior
<Content>Condado Plaza was decent My husband, daughter and myself stayed at the Condado Plaza for five days. I really liked the slick modern look of the hotel lobby as well as the room. Our check in was quick and uneventful, we arrived at 1:00 pm and was immediately accommodated with an early check in. Our room was located on the 5th floor with a bay view which was a bit disappointing because of adjacent roofs a bit in the line of vision. A room on a higher floor would have been better. The room was clean and housekeeping did a great job. I will note that the bathroom was really small but as my thrifty husband said it's a bathroom, who cares. All the staff we came into to contact with was pleasant and helpful.The pool area was very nice, my daughter loved it. The service at the pool could have been a tad faster. The beach was extremely small (the smallest I have ever seen) and unimpressive. In addition the beach was open to the public. We rented a car and experienced no problems with parking. My husband thought the fitness center had good up to date equipment. Overall the Condado Plaza was not a luxury resort but simply a good moderate price hotel in a great location. It is what it is. I recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>yramos
<Content>Absolutey Loved it!! As we approached the hotel we were immediately greeted and was helped with our bags. The friendly smiles and opening of doors felt great and I knew I was going to enjoy my stay. I did arrive early so I was given the option of having my bags held in the conciege. Yaritza made our Check-in so pleasant and quick. And luckliy for me she checked us out as well. Again she was so friendly and laughed with us. I arrived with my husband, son and niece. As we walked into our room we were so amazed at how beautiful it was. We had the ocean view, and that in itself was to die for. I woke every morning to that view. The pool areas was great and again everyone was so friendly. We ordered food and it came quickly. They even asked some kids from the pool to play games. Everything about the Condado Plaza I loved! We ate close by as well and enjoyed the walks. The cleaning lady was so pleasant as well. My niece did get sick so she offered her help in any way. They have a hude deck with chairs overlooking the beach. The canopies are a plus as well. What made this place stand out? The staff's friendliness!!Definitely will go again!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drewcorey
<Content>Great Value..Enjoyed Stay First of all let me preface this by saying you can put 10 people in a room and get 10 different opinions. We recently stayed at the Condado Plaza and have to say we were very satisfied with the overall property based upon our daily room rate. We stayed when they were running a special of stay 3 nights and get the 4th free. So, the average room rate came out to be around $150.00 per night. I see a lot of people complaining about additional charges beyond the room rate. These are statutory charges that are imposed by Puerto Rico....so it dosen't matter where you stay you are paying the charges. Some hotels might include these in the rate so you have to inquire prior to booking. The staff was very courteous and friendly and seemed to want to help whenever they could. The property and the rooms where clean and recently renovated. You read all these reviews about people who are complaining about the property. Well realize your not staying at the El San Juan Hotel, Intercontintenal, etc...where you are paying $350.-500. per night. And to be honest with you I don't know how much better they would have been. The hotel is located in an accessible part of town where you are not locked into eating at the hotel. There a places within walking distance from the hotel. A great place we ate at was Ropa Vieja. We also got upgraded to an ocean view for no charge that was absolutely beautiful. The previous review complained about the ocean being closed. We were there at the same time and the the surf was extremely dangerous and you wouldn't have wanted to go near the water. Is it the hotels fault? Casino is small but more than adequate. Pool was very nice...fresh and saltwater...swim up bar....small public beach in a bay area not right on the ocean. Night life in the hotel was quiet even though it lent itself to a South Beach environment. But actually liked it being quiet. If I was young might have been an issue. Manager Mr. Neuman was great and very accomodating. Would come back again.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Gsgrepas
<Content>We loved it!!!!! The hotel is beautiful! The service was great. The rooms are very clean. I find it hard to believe some of the negative reviews below. As for the additional $5 a day fee, the hotel clearly states that an additional fee will be added per person, maybe some of you should read the fine print. My only issue was the parking. I suggest a better parking system. Maybe there should only be one ticket issued and stamped for the duration of the guest stay and when the guest goes in and out of the hotel they should not have to continue to get a ticket and have it stamped, it should just be a one time thing for the inconvenience to the guest. other then the parking I give the hotel an A+ and we will go each and every time we are in the beautiful island we would definitely recommend this hotel to our friends and family!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>greeneyes24
<Content>Extremely Disappointed. My boyfriend and I just recently came back from San Juan, Puerto Rico. We arrived at the Condado Plaza and it looked amazing, the lobby was beautiful just like the pictures. The hotel has a very nice miami feel to it. It took forever to get to our room because there was only one elevator working in the lobby so everyone had to cram into this tiny elevator. We finally checked into our room right away and the room was very nice and spacious. The only thing is that our balcony was flooded with water, because they failed to tell us that they were doing construction on the outside of the building. We had to go to the lobby and ask for another room. We then went to look at another room which had the same problem. Finally after looking at 2 different rooms we found one that didnt have a flooded balcony and went directly to the pools. The pools were very nice, but the beach is so disappointing very small and there is rocks and shells all over so you feel like you are walking on glass. The beach is public so anyone can go there and even stray dogs were running around. We ordered food at the restuarant by the pool, we had a hamburger and fries and chicken fingers and fries and two drinks the bill came out to $67.00. You have to pay $2.50 extra for slices of cheese. On the second day, after spending the day by the pool my boyfriend and I went to our room to relax a bit, upon entering the room we discovered that there was two men on the balcony painting. They were there for about 15 minutes and then when we went to the balcony and we realized that the balcony was flooded again and the construction workers had left big pieces of paint chips on the floor. We then went to the front desk and complained again, they gave us a resort credit for our inconvenience At this point we were a little fed up, we payed extra money for an ocean view and we couldnt really enjoy it. On the third day we so unhappy because we encountered the same problem once again , we decided to check out and check into another hotel in Isla Verde. If you ever decide to go to San Juan, this hotel is nice, but dont go there unless you are sure that they are completely done with their construction. When I made the reservation they told me that they were done with construction, which was not the truth. The area around the hotel can be a little boring, and the beach is very disappointing. If you are a beach person this is not the place to for you. Try to stay in Isla Verde the beach there is amazing and the hotels are so much nicer.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	5	1	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Beeper67
<Content>Great Location Hotel was great - perfect location. Rooms were wonderful, bed was so comfortable I had a hard time getting up in the morning. Looked just like the web site. We ate at the hotel the first morning and then ventured out to the local restaurants - much more reasonable prices. Pool was nice - two separate pools one that more for kids and one for adults. Wait staff on had for cocktails poolside. All staff polite and accommodating - we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will come back.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>len6295
<Content>Service is TERRIBLE We arrived to a check in wait of about 1 hour and there were only 5 guests in front of us. Waiting for food at any of their 3 eateries will take awhile as there is no hurry to feed you. We did complain about having to wait to check in and they did upgrade our room which was nice. Prices of food were out of line whith the normal traveler so bring extra money for food. The hotel had only 2 working elevaters which really was fustrating but on the last day they were working on the broken ones. Pool area was nice but the beach was a joke. Only about a hundred feet long and stuck back in a inlet. no real view and was very dirty. As far as entertainment goes there is none in the hotel other then the casino. The bar keeps playing this loud type of raggie music over and over not really appealing. Overall we would not stay there again  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>DRman
<Content>Great Hotel and Location. Check In- A breeze we where up graded to a suite on the lagoon side.Room-Beautiful expect a little far from main hotel but we decided not to change,bed was great ,balcony small ,no wet bar but there is a fridge just went to store and stocked up.The bathroom and the room was in great shape everything was very clean alot of closet space and safe.Hotel-Like I said we where on the lagoon side and everything happens on the other side,the lobby and the hotel are decorated Art deco style and very Beautiful.Pools and Beach-Two pools at main hotel one salt water which is 6 feet deep and cold the other is regular pool water with bar and slide very nice.Beach is small but on the lagoon so very still no waves which is great because the Hotel beachs are so rough ,I never would try to swim there.Bar and Food-Only ate and drank at the pool bar and cafe very good but way over priced not even South Beach prices. A beer local 6 dollars and Rum mixed drink 10 Dollars.Old San Juan -Went twice once by Taxi and by car rental , is beautiful but lacks turistic directin.Yunque Rain Forest-Went by rent a car that we rented from Enterprice in the lagoon side lobby-The waterfall are amazing but a lot of walking and climbing.Now on are way down from the forest at Km 6 we stopped at great small Resturant with typical PR food it was the best food of the whole trip.Check out-Was the only Bad experince we had that did upset me a lot,as we were asking for the taxi leaving the hotel for airport I was running a little behind( 1:20 pm plane leaves at 2:55pm) a Doorman had about 7 people or party's waiting and calling one taxi at a time so he could make the tip ask him nicly if he could hurry as I needed to be airport and time was getting tight and his repley that should not have not waited so long to come to get a taxi.This doorman made me forget what a wonderful time we had at the condado Plaza.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beaurex212
<Content>Swanky, Colorful, Great Pool and Restaurants       Lobby  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravelWiseBoston
<Content>Nice to look at but that is about it... Le me first state the few good aspects of this property: It is very modern and looks like something out of a movie or magazine, the bar tender we had on our first night was awesome and that is about it.We ended up spending about a hundred dollars in additional fees at check out as other people have stated which is ridiculous but if my experience was better I wouldn't have minded as much. We stayed in a suite which had a pleasant view of the road which was not what we asked for or book and for about $500 a night is totally unacceptable. Our suite was rather small but I could live with that because it was attractive and clean. Our hot water did not work when we went to shower to go out for our last night in San Juan. We called down to the desk and were told we would get a call back immediately. We waited over an hour then called again and were given an attitude finally a couple hours later as we were leaving a maintenance man was sent up after we already took cold showers which was hard to communicate he spoke no English.The beach isn't much of a beach and on our second to last day we were told the waves were too rough we could not use chairs and they didn't want people on the beach. Not to mention it is a very tiny public beach!!The final straw for me though was the fact they were filming what I was told was a movie in the hotel one day and we were told we couldn't use the elevators or escalator!! When I complained to the concierge I was told that I was falsely informed. I think if they were going to have all this going on and we4 were being blocked out of certain places I should have been informed of this when I called before I booked.I was left with a feeling of being ripped off and would not ever recommend this property to anyone. I am debating contacting the better business bureau about this resort.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	2	1	

<Author>nitajaybee
<Content>Not as Expected...Poor Service Very unhappy with the additional hidden charges and hotel fees. I was quoted 4 different charges during my stay with a final charge of over $100.00 more than quoted on the website. Please be aware of additional charges of $5.00 per night per person in each room. I travelled with my daughter, a child, and was charged the additional person per room fee along with extra taxes, etc. I even talked with hotel management about my charges days prior to checkout, received a total cost but during checkout, the desk clerk stated that the manager left out some additional fees, therefore, I was charged even more for the room. I was very dissatisfied with this hotel and its staff entirely. The renovation of the Condado was not done very well.Our hotel room was not too clean. We had a bug crawling on the floor in our room on the first night. The rug in our room was heavily soiled. No towels were provided. Had to meet housekeeping in the halls during the morning rounds just to receive towels. However, the Condado Hotel is in a convenient location, close to the airport and city transportation buses but lots of construction is being done in the area. I loved the lagoon balcony view from our room. I would have prefered to stay in Old San Juan or the Holiday Inn where the service is much better and the rooms are much cleaner but the rooms were all booked. Parking at this hotel is an addtitonal $16.00 per day for guests but it's provided for free at the Holiday Inn. I would have appreciated at least an apology from the hotel staff for making our visit to San Juan so unpleasant. I will not stay at the Condado again no matter how many free night they offer. Hotel staff was not helpful. Need to provide better customer service and cleaner rooms.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>pokey89
<Content>Great Room with a View       View from the room  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vicchickBrooklyn
<Content>Lack of service kills it as my go to place in PR It's the lack of service that kills this place. Everything else is pretty great. The place looks sharp. Kudos to whoever designed the renovation - it's sultry and chic. The location is great. The price is reasonable.But the service... They kick you out of your beach chairs to stack them up at 5:00 when there are still plenty of people enjoying them. The beach is crap but it would still be okay if they serviced it. We waited an hour for our drinks the 1st day. After waiting an hour the 2nd day, we went up to the bar to get them ourselves only to find out the orders were never placed.This is where the service starts to really rank. I made a comment that the drinks really should be on the house at this point and was told to go speak to the manager which we did. He didn't apologize and he didn't comp us either. He asked us where we were sitting on the beach which led us to believe he would follow up with a round on the house. Nada.This ticked me off so I mentioned it at checkout. The woman at the desk called over and was told he would do nothing for us. I could've probably swallowed that if he'd have schmoozed out some kind of apology but we didn't even get that. The desk clerk suggested I complain on the online survey which I did and received ABSOLUTELY NO ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. You can not claim to pride yourself on customer service if you do not even respond to a specific complaint.There is too much competition to be that lacking in customer courtesy and it's really too bad because I would have made this my go to place in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jnwhi
<Content>Met my expectations       view from the room  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	4	5	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>malenky
<Content>condado Plaza Loks Chic!!! The renovation is spectacular and very chic. From the lobby, to the rooms, to the restaurants, to the pools, and outside grounds, this place sparkles! Checking in was a breeze but we came in at 3 AM. We were upgraded to the ocean side building (thanks to Henry E. Neumann!!!!) and there were 2 pools, one even had salt water, which is more enjoyable than chlorine and a Jacuzzi. The pool area is unbelievable; the young man got our towels and our chairs ready after we asked him to get us set up in the shade. There is great water slide and a nice swim up bar in one pool with the best service with a smile. There are a few private secluded areas that looked very romantic, and there was a tent set up for massages by the sea. Although the beach is public, there was security and it was safe. The beach area is small and overlooks a bridge over Condado lagoon, but it's nice enough. The beach is in the bay that pretty much guarantees no waves but the ocean is a bit rocky. One of the greatest things to do is to grab one of the many hammocks and just relax under the palm trees. We had lunches by the pool every day and the service was good for a simple lunch fare. The view from the room was breathtaking and the sounds of the crashing waves against the sea wall were so soothing. Everything was new and the bathroom was huge, and had plenty of storage for clothes. The bathroom was enormous, and yes, contained the closet, the mini bar, and the coffee maker. It seems a bit odd!In the Italian restaurant where breakfast is served, the staff was slow and sometimes inattentive. Breakfast portions are huge!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ViniRossi
<Content>Great Staff After a disappointing start (room overlooking renovations), we enjoyed a wonderful stay as a result of the corrective action taken by staff. The hotel is in the 'beach area' but also one of those closest to old San Juan so the ability to swap between one area and the other was excellent. The further up the beach you go, the further away from the old town you are. And on a busy night going to dinner in the old town with standstill traffic, that makes a big difference. Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	2	4	3	

<Author>JaneandKeith
<Content>Nice rooms but everything else is just not that great... I booked this hotel for the day prior to my cruise and was really excited and looking forward to my stay mostly because I thought the hotel looked beautiful from the pictures. I must say that the rooms were beautifully decorated and the bathroom was great! After that it was a BIG disappointment!!! We had to wait in an endless line to check in and to make matters worse our room was not going to be ready for 2 to 3 more hours. It was really difficult to understand the woman at the counter. After saying excuse me 3 or 4 times I just started shaking my head yes like I understood. We waited by the pool and ordered lunch...oh boy, that was a shocker! We settled on three little personal size pizzas that came out to be $45 or so. The cheese burgers must be a real treat because they were $20 with a few toppings. Three mojitos and a local beer were $54... We know it is a resort area but these prices were really over the top...they totally take advantage and its a real turnoff! You don't mind paying a premium but this is ridiculous! The lobby was pretty but really hetic. We really couldn't even get a chance to enjoy it! All in all, I was really disappointed and my anticipations were a big let down! The Marriott Courtyard Isle Verde had a much more comfortable atmosphere! I will say that the rooms were not as pretty but given the choice my next visit will most likely be at The Courtyard...sorry!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	3	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Alfonsouno
<Content>Horrible service, dirty rooms, tiny bathrooms Our room had pubic hair throughout the room. The bathroom is tiny, no bathtub. Balcony was beautiful, but views of other balconies that have not been kept up. Customer service screwed our reservation twice. Customer service was not willing to do anything to correct our stay. We were willing to stay for 10 days but canceled our last five days for poor service and looking for a better hotel. I wouldn't stay here again if they gave us the rooms. Stay down the street at the Marriot or Hilton, not HERE!!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reichspot
<Content>A little disappointed When our travel agent gave us the information about the Condado, we were excited. It met all our needs- a casino and a beach. However, we were disappointed. The beach is small and crowded with kids from the area and the casino was small too. (I did win though, so I'm not complaining too loudly.) The hotel was being renovated when we arrived, which we didn't know when we booked. The room was nice and clean. In the evening, there was only one restaurant open. We had asked for an upscale hotel, and this did not meet my expectations.The view out the back of the hotel is beautiful- with rocks and surf. The immediate area didn't have much to offer. The beach was a big deal to me, so I probably wouldn't return. I was looking foward to something prettier, larger and less public. The hotel does have many convenient day trips from the lobby, which was great. We went to the rain forest, snorkeling, Old San Juan and the rum factory and had a really nice time.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jla81
<Content>Not very professional.. We stayed at the Condado Plaza for some nights in February. The hotel looks nice from the first glance, but most of the renovations seem to be on the surface, windows and balconies in the rooms are showing their age and are dirty. Service at the hotel was quite poor.We had issues with the safe in our room and those issues could not be fixed. We called to the front desk about this, but first we had to hold on the phone for 15 minutes and then the connection broke and the same started all over again. Finally we got another room but it had the same problem with the safe, it could not be used! We called front desk again and again we were put on hold. When we got hold of them, help was promised, but it never arrived. We were fed up of using our holiday and time for this.In the italian restaurant where breakfast is served the staff was slow and rude. We were in a hurry so asked for the check twice and it took 20 minutes to arrive! We decided not to tip so much as we felt the service was not worth it, upon which the waiter said: 'Maybe next time you should tip me more'. Unbelievable.Checking out took 30 minutes, there were 4 agents and a huge queue, but only 2 of the agents checked guests out. The hotel itself seems to think it is a world-class hotel, but as seasoned travellers we certainly do not think so. If the service issues would be solved, then this could be a nice hotel, as the location is great.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>latte4me
<Content>just fine We stayed here for a night before our cruise and upgraded to an oceanfront room. It appears to have been recently remodeled and was very clean. Ordered room service twice; both times it came promptly and was delicious, although somewhat expensive (but that's how it usually goes at these resorts...)I'd definitely stay there again - the only drawback was the lack of staff at the front desk, which made checking out a time-consuming process. Otherwise, it was fine.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>bostonlady1961
<Content>Awesome!!! Totally renovated, rejuvenated  Wow.... what a difference a few years make. This place is outstanding. The renovation is spectacular and very chic. From the lobby, to the rooms, to the restaraunts, to the pools, and outside grounds, this place sparkles! I was traveling with my 2 teens and they were also taken back by the change in the whole atmosphere of this resort. It was cool and chic and everything was new.We stayed here on 2/14/08 for one night, and then moved over to the La Concha for 5 nights, and what a mistake that was. I regret not booking my whole stay at Condado Plaza.Checking in was a breeze we immediately changed into our bathing suits to check out the pools. We stayed in the ocean side building and there were 2 pools, one even had salt water, which is more enjoyable than chlorine. The pool area is unbelievable, the young man got our towels and our chairs ready, for a moment I almost thought I was staying at the Ritz. There is great kids water slide and a nice swim up bar in one pool. There are a few private secluded areas that looked very romantic, and there was a tent set up for massages by the sea. Although the beach is public, there was security and it was safe. One of the greatest things to do is to grab one of the many hammocks and just relax under the palm trees.The view from the room was really breathtaking and the sounds of the crashing waves against the sea wall were so soothing. Everything was new and in working order in the room, and the bathroom was huge and had plenty of storage for clothes. The towels were thick and soft and the bathroom supplies were plentiful. Two people could easily be in there at a time with plenty of room leftover, compared to La Concha where the door almost hits your knees when sitting down.The Strip House restaurant is located here and was bustling for Valentines Day, they said they would room for us because we werwe staying at the hotel, but the kids unfortunately just weren't into it, so we ended up at Chili's down the street. There is another restaurant there which was very good for breakfast, but I can't remember the name. There is a great little ice cream parlor which is still there and the kids really enjoyed that.The casino was hopping and so was the bar/disco in the lobby, and the best part was that there wasn't any construction going on in our building. This is a great location because it's close to Old San Juan and the new convention center, and it really has something for everyone. From the tennis courts to the kayaks on the lagoon, to the spa, and the hammocks.... oh and the Starbucks, how could I forget that?My only regret was that I didn't stay here longer, I only wish I could have left the construction at La Concha and return to the tranquility and hospitality of the Condado Plaza. Thank you Condado Plaza for making my stay so relaxing, I can assure you that I will be back.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BXTRAVELER1
<Content>Mixed Thoughts When I arrived at the Condado, I was initially very excited as I pulled up in my rental car. From the outside, I felt like I was going to be staying at a top notch hotel with impecable service. While my overall stay was pleasant, I had mixed feelings about the hotel. PROS: It is definitely in the best location. Situated at the end of the Condado strip within walking distance of shopping, cafes, rest. and other hotels while just steps from the bridge to old san juan where you can find the best nightlife in the carribean. The pool area is very relaxing. You have many options. You can sit in a shaded area on a lounge chair along the larger pool, or roast in the sun by the smaller pool. Or, for a perfect, relaxing nap you can chill on one of the hammocks strung between palm trees on the main lawn overlooking the ocean. The overall atmosphere down by the pool is amazing and sure to wipe away any stress you came down with. What makes it even better is the outstanding pool staff of waitresses and bartenders. They were so friendly, fast and personable that I was compelled to leave a very generous tip. However, the pricing of the food made me choke!!! $13.00 for a turkey wrap..Even in NY we do not have prices like that. The cleaning staff do a great job as well and are friendly. CONS: As great as the hotel appears to look from the outside, I could not believe how they overlook small details that really ruined my initial impression of the hotel. For example, the window in my room was so filthy and dingy that I could barely get a clear view. My room also had many marks and scrapes on the walls. I also noticed paint peeling from the outside of the hotel near the balconies. For a hotel that just underwent major renovations, I don't see how they can allow these very visable eyesores to exist; especially since it would not take much effort to fix. That makes me wonder how much they do care about customer service and appearance. If they want to classify themselves as a luxury hotel, you cannot have these conditions. Also, when I checked in, I had to wait for 10 min. while the clerk was on the phone. And, he was not friendly at all. When I asked him about late check out, he gave me an attitude. Not the right thing to do to a first time guest. I was also a little dispointed with the beach. Having paid the $$, I would expect to have a little more privacy on the beach. They seem to allow all the locals to use the beach which got very crowded and noisy. If I wanted to go to a public beach, I could have stayed at a much cheaper hotel in downtown San Juan and walked to a beach. Overall, I did enjoy my stay. But as a frequent carribean traveler, you get more critical of the little details that make a big difference. With the exception of my check in clerk, the staff was very professional and accomodating. I did get the late check out without much resistance and the girl who checked me out explained the bill in great detail and even found a mistake from the parking garage...THANK YOU!!! I would stay here again just because of the location of the hotel and the outstanding pool and lounge area. But please, rethink about allowing the beach to be open to the public and take care of those little eyesores. They can really bring the appearance down and make the hotel look sloppy and dirty. I will be back!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	2	5	-1	

<Author>Banks3
<Content>Perhaps things are better now... I don't know where this will end up on the list of reviews, but I stayed for one night during a lay over in San Juan in February of 2007. Although it would appear that the renovations that plagued visitors at the time ended sometime in the fall of 2007, my experience was in an already-renovated room. My impression was that the renovations were mostly cosmetic in my room and you could see the true age of the hotel just beneath the freshly stuccoed paint and behind the wall panel lights. The bathrooms were stunning, but the platform beds were an odd touch and I couldn't help wondering if the interior designer was entirely sane. I couldn't get in-room internet access to save my life. On the other hand, the view from the patio was breathtaking. I will say this: in 2007, they were really trying.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>natron06
<Content>Would definitely stay there again - Nicely furnished and clean rooms- Friendly staff- Couple decent, fairly priced restaurants within the hotel- Well kept pool area that looks out on the ocean- Good selection of restaurants within walking distance (you should definitely check out Ajili Mojili if you stay anywhere in Condado)- Close proximity to Old San Juan - short bus ride for the adventurousMy wife and I had a positive experience here and I would definitely recommend to friends/family.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ItalianTravelerLargo
<Content>Excellent service My husband and I stayed at the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino for 8 days in which we were treated very well. All the employees we had contact with were very hospitable and friendly. We booked a tour to the rainforst through the hotel. The van was on time, picking us up in front of the hotel. Our driver was very friendly and knowledgable of the rainforst and the surrounding area. I am looking forward to going back to Puerto Rico and will stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>islandgirl3568
<Content>Loved it!!! My boyfriend and I arrived around 12:30p.m check in was not until 4:pm....as soon as we arrived check in was fast and they also let us check in right away. We even got an upgrade to an ocean view room on the 9th floor the view was fantastic... hotel is very clean, looks just like the pictures online. The staff was very nice and accomodating and very helpful...the pool area was fantastic... the beach at the hotel is very tiny but serves a purpose...If you want more of a beach then walk up the street to the Marriott (public beach) rent chairs for $5 for the day and enjoy. The food and drinks are a bit pricey at the hotel but you can also go up the street we found alot of nice places to eat and the food was fantastic! I recommend Hacienda Don Jose right up the street.....ocean view to die for!!! great breakfast, lunch and dinner and very inexpensive. Also for dinner we went into Old San Juan and ate at a very nice place called Raices (Cuban food) (make reservations the hotel will make them for you). very good!!! Also try Cafe del Angel up the street as well and Ropa Vieja.......Tip....buy your beer, wine, etc at the package store up the street as well and buy a small cooler as you can take it on the beach becuase it;s public instead of buying a beer for $8 of a frozen drink for $10..We loved it so much that we just booked another trip for april!!!! Cab ride where ever you go is $15....you also have to go into Isla Verde go to El San Juan Hotel very good entertainment and cool place to go dancing and people watch!!! Hope this helps!! Have fun!! Thanks Again Mr. Neumann for making our vacation a trip to remember!!!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rhodie12
<Content>Very nice resort We stayed at the Condado for a week in January. The room was recently renovated and especially nice, since we faced the ocean. The staff was always helpful. The hotel has three nice pools, including one with salt water. It also has a real, well equipped fitness center. Location is good with lots of restaurants within walking distance. Great place and not expensive!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lvs2cruz
<Content>Lovely Hotel for Pre-cruise       Bedroom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bal2278
<Content>Fantastic experience!!! Wow!! I can't say enough great things about our experience at the Condado Plaza. We went this past weekend for a pre-celebration of my 30th birthday and found the experience to be extremely enjoyable. First off, the decor of the hotel and our room were pretty impressive and chic. However, even before seeing either, our great time all began with outstanding service from Henry Neumann - if you have the opportunity to meet him, please do - he's the best and very knowledgeable, helpful, you name it! He answered all of my questions and concerns prior to coming and even gave us a complimentary upgrade to the ocean view room. Thank gosh! The view and the sounds of the ocean can't be beat. We loved the staff at the pool - Sterling, Joey, Juan (trivia king) - they were all wonderful, accomodating and made our pooltime a ton of fun. My boyfriend is a big gambler and he had a great time in the casino too. I read a recent review of the Italian restaurant's service - I must agree that was probably the only downfall of the entire place - it took over 35 minutes to get our breakfast. BUT, I guess we didn't mind so much b/c we just enjoyed the view and being on vacation, we weren't in a rush to go anywhere! Oh! And with regards to the steakhouse, please note that you'll pay a pretty penny for drinks. I think we stopped in for 2 glasses of wine and it cost us about $40! However, there are so many great restaurants, shops, etc. right next to the hotel and down the street, so there honestly is never a lack of anything to do, see, etc. In fact, we had a tough time trying to pinpoint where we should eat next! Also, everywhere we went, the people of Puerto Rico/Condado/Old San Juan were so incredibly gracious and hospitable. We'd go back in a heartbeat and when we do, we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else. Thank you for the wonderful stay! :)  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>dsmulligan
<Content>Skeptical but pleasantly suprised! I think most of the reviews I read were written before the renovations so I was a little apprehensive about staying here. But I was pleasantly surprised by this hotel. The days prior to my stay, I was at the Sheraton in Old San Juan for business. Then I switched to the Condado because it had a nicer pool, a beach area and it was less expensive. -The hotel lobby and rooms are very trendy, brand new and beautiful. - The beach area is small and overlooks a highway, but it's nice enough. I wouldn't suggest going to this hotel if you are a beach person rather than a pool person. The pool area is wonderful and clean.-The staff is, overall, pleasant. They spoke better english at this hotel than at the Sheraton Old San Juan.-Beautiful gym, business center and other communal areas.-Don't bet on using the free wireless internet in the rooms. It is sh*t.-The hotel restaurants were OK (I would suggest walking down the road a little to more quaint and authentic restaurants). First day, I went to the Italian restaurant upstairs for a sandwich which was OK - next night went to StripHouse, the steak restaurant. It was a nice meal, although the steak was not cooked the way I wanted. StripHouse was very pricey considering the quality and service. -While it seemed like most of the construction was done, there were some areas that still have construction ongoing, specifically outside. The Laguna Tower, where I stayed, seemed to be finished. It was beautiful.-Casino is OK. It's what you would expect of a small hotel casino in San Juan. It's on Vegas or even Atlantic City...Overall, good stay! I would suggest staying here!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>travelerNewYork
<Content>Unexpected but Terrific Stay The best thing that could have happened to us was that our originally booked hotel, At Wind Chimes Inn, lost our reservation and so we ended up at this wonderful hotel. Yes, it was much more expensive and we spent way more than we had planned on, but it was worth every penny. This place is amazing and the service was fantastic. We were upgraded to an ocean view room, which was just beautiful and had an awesome view. The bathroom was enormous, and yes, contained the closet, the minibar, and the coffee maker. However, it鈥檚 laid out in such a way that it does not seem odd. The room, as well as the hotel itself is very minimalist and modern with a definite South Beach feel. If you鈥檙e looking for that tropical, Caribbean look this is not it. The pools are terrific with great service from the pool bar/restaurant, the Aqua Grill. The drinks are good, albeit expensive, and the food is perfect for lunch with sandwiches and salads. The shrimp brochettes with avocado were to die for. The pool bar is also a nice place to have a couple of drinks at night before heading out to dinner, or for a more trendy feel, try the lobby bar or the bar at the Strip House. All have wonderful service.We did not eat at any of the restaurants at the hotel except for the Italian one for breakfast twice. It was fine and so was the service. Within walking distance are several restaurants and the ones we tried were great. Hacienda Don Jose: terrific breakfast for 6.75, including juice and coffee. It overlooks the ocean and has a quaint, homey feel. The coffee was excellent.Ajili Mojili: wow, what a great restaurant. Set in a beautiful house, it has a cozy bar and wonderful food. Kind of Puerto Rican classics with a nouvelle twist. The paella was excellent. The restaurant is expensive but well worth it. Miro: just across the street from the Marriott, (still walking distance from Condado Plaza), a really awesome bistro with wonderful service and food. We had several tapas dishes, all of them excellent. We did not have main courses but if you order 4 or 5 tapas they鈥檙e more than enough for two people. Everything we tried was good.In Old San Juan (cab is 15 dollars if you don鈥檛 want to take the bus) we ate at Rosa de Triana and El Picoteo (not sure of the spelling), two terrific restaurants. Picoteo is a tapas bar in the El Convento hotel, and Rosa is just across the street from it. Both highly recommended with wondeful atmosphere.Overall we loved it at the Condado Plaza Hotel and would return in a heartbeat. It鈥檚 beautiful, comfortable, has great service, and conveniently located to places on the Condado and Old San Juan. All in all, we are so glad Wind Chimes lost our reservations; I doubt we would have been as comfortable there or in such a convenient location. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>danielleinqueens
<Content>Great Hotel, Nice Location, Good Food, Fabulous Pool First off allow me to say I work in a 5 Diamond hotel in NYC, I have high expectations. I read many reviews; several complaints and was some what confused on what hotel to stay at. Well this property was beautiful, the view was great, the staff was friendly; everyone was nice from Cesar the bellman to the waitresses by the pool. They have a Starbucks in the lobby which made my day. The pool area was perfect and equipped with a water slide. All the pictures on the hotel web site are true to life. That is how the hotel looks. We ate at both places...the italian place was ok. It is commercial italian, decent food and the gentleman (soft spoken, maybe Hatian) that serves the bread went above and beyond. The other place The Strip house was fabulous, GET THE CASINO CLAMS-if you cant afford to eat there atleast get the clams they were the best i've had in my life. Our room resembled the ocean view picture on the web site and I felt like we were sleeping on the ocean. There are hammocks to rest on, a fabulous bar area that is very modern and a small beach. This is 15 minutes or so outside of San Juan, my boyfriend and I are impatient so we took a 12.00 taxi most of the time, but you can take a 75 cent bus that is located outside the front door.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>GetawayNewJersey
<Content>swanky expensive The lobby area and our room had a very retro swanky feel. The pool side was great and shaded with many palm trees. However, the pool water was cold and service was very sssllloooowwww. Get your food  drink yourself. I felt with the high price of the hotel it would be more tailored to their guests. Maybe I'm spoiled I've stayed at the Ritz before.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cherol
<Content>The Worst Front Desk Service - KAIRA and the other woman I just called to try to ask a simple question to the Front Desk and the first time they left me on hold for 13 minutes, until I obviously hang-up, the second time they transferred me to their central reservations when I did not even wanted to make a reservation (they totally ignored my question) and the third time, CAN YOU BELIEVE THAT THEY PUT ME ON HOLD AGAIN for 5 minutes, until I hang up again. This is extremely ridiculous, people.I am getting married next winter in PR and I was considering this hotel to book about 50 rooms for all my guests that are coming from the US, but forget about it.I dont doubt that the facilities are wonderful, but Mr. Manager, you definitely need to work on your staff, specially that Kaira and the other girl behind the front desk tonight. I prefer for my guest to stay at a more humble place and get the treatment they deserve, after all the $ they are paying.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>elliotgang
<Content>Resort staff GREAT, Italian staff not so much!! I would also like to comment on the Italian restaurant-Gusto D'Italia at the Condado, which I discovered after speaking with the hotel front desk about the service we received (er, didn't receive) is independently owned/operated from the Resort, it was the absolute worst service and food I have ever had!! S-L-O-W doesn't even begin to describe it and the manager on duty actually argued with us about why we had not even received our drinks after 20 minutes and another family came right in and sat down and were served right away and that was just one of the 3 days we went there for brkfst! UNBELIEVABLE!! We resorted to finding other dining outside the resort, we HIGHLY recommend The Hacienda right down the street from the Condado for breakfast/lun/din, great seaside affordable dining experience, their coffee was awesome too! The rest of our stay was awesome, the hotel was beautifully decorated, very chic! One of the many highlights of our stay at the Condado, we had our 15 yr old son with us, was the staff at the Aqua Bar, Sterling, David and Joey (Eyes). These guys were the greatest, Sterling makes a mojito to die for, my son really made fast friends of these three, he looked fwd to each day going down to the pool and chatting with them, if you go tell them the Elliot's from Indiana say HI!. Wish the beach was bigger but still a great location for being close to a ton of things to do and see, El Yonque (caribbean rainforest) is a must see and El Morro in Old San Juan was amazing as well! WE LOVED PUERTO RICO!!!! I can't wait to go back and yes we would definitely stay at the Condado again!! Elliot's - Indiana  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Thisisit1103
<Content>Great end to our Vacation We stayed here for one night after our cruise. Upon check in, we were upgraded from a city view room to an ocean front room. The room was large with a wonderful bathroom. The view was wonderful. The grounds were terrific, two pools, water slide, in pool bar,l arge hot tub and beach. It is with in walking distance to several local as well as chain resturants and a Starbucks on the corner. We would stay here again. They let us check in at 11:00 and check out is noon. We also took the bus .75 to Old San Juan which only takes about 15min.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PhotoBoy5
<Content>Wonderful. Stylish. New Renovated Hotel       Poolside Water View  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>richmarl10
<Content>Very much improved from 3 years ago! We stood at the Condado 3 years ago, and decided to go back. The hotel is newly redone, and quite beautiful. We like the fact that it is in the city and we can try all the wonderful restaurants nearby. The rooms are all redone and very clean. I don't however like the fact that the refrigator and coffee maker are in the bathroom. The bathroom is very large and spotless! The bathroom doors need LOCKS, (no locks on the doors). The beach is very, very small, that is the biggest downfall for this hotel, you have no privacy at all. The lagoon is wonderful if you don't like waves, and also clean. The staff is very friendly and helpful, we would stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>sleds
<Content>A Mixed Reaction We arrived on New Years Day in the evening. We left our cab and walked into an empty lobby. We were told to take the elevator, walk past the casino, over a skywalk to the other building where we were told we would find the hotel's desk. The desk turned out to be a banquet table in a hall. It was not an aspicious start. Once we checked in, we were assigned a room and had to walk back over the skywalk, past the casino to the elevator, hauling our carry-ons and coats. My husband says you only have one chance to make a good impression and this hotel blew it! We had a remodeled room, one with the closet in the bathroom, which seemed unusual. Our room itself was beautiful with a great view. But putting one's clothes in the same area as the shower seems very odd. We ate at the sushi bar and at the Italian cafe and were pleased with the food and service. After the first evening we rarely saw people in the halls or cafes. It was difficult to feel that we were at a nice resort -- there was absolutley no resort feel to the place. Walking time and again into the empty first floor lobby was just not pleasant! Our major gripe was with the Concierge. We called and asked for restaurant recommendations. We were told that ____ (home of the Pina Colada) was great! We went and were served food which appeared to us to have been cooked much earlier in the day. The next day we called the Concierge again and asked for further recommendations. We were given the name of the same place. Trying to get something different we asked the Concierge for another suggestion. We were told she was busy at the moment and would call us back. She never did, although we waited. So, we went to Marmalade in Old Town San Juan and were delighted. The call back from the Concierge never came, but we didn't care. We went to Marmalade the next night too! All in all, I didn't think that this hotel gives good value for the money. And this is the first time I have ever given a hotel a less than glowing recommendation on this forum.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>luv2fly123
<Content>Relaxing vacation Stayed at this hotel for a week in January, and although the first day wasn't great, the remainder of our stay went well. When we checked in we were given a room with a broken balcony door; when I called I was offered to have maintenance come and take a look at it. I told them to provide me with another room and then they can send a maintenace person to fix that room, as I am not on vacation to sit and wait for a door to be fixed. I was given another room right away. Upon entering the new room, I went onto the balcony to see the view, only to find that my city view room was a view of a building next door under construction with a man hanging on a rope painting, and dirt splattered all over the balcony . In addition, there were only 3 tiny drawers to unpack clothing etc. , and they were located in the bathroom as was the mini fridge and coffee maker! Yes, you read right! The bathroom and closet and mini fridge are all in 1 room behind a sliding door. (I can't imagine why one would need to have their shower/toilet in the same vicinity as their coffee maker and clothing?) I placed another call to the front desk and was told there weren't any other rooms available . I asked to speak to the manager and the manager told me the same, she said that she would call me back later in the day if anything came up. I waited for her call and got no call. I called back and was told they do not know where that manager was and she would call me back. I again got no call back and when I called back once again, a wonderful and very helpful man named David explained that he would review the situation and call me back. He indeed called me back (after explaining to him that if he didn't I'd seek another hotel to stay at) and was given an excellent room! We had a view of the bay and city and actually had a closet that wasn't located in the bathroom! As for the restaurants- the strip house has a magnificant atmosphere, as does the Italian restaurant. Food and service is average but the decor is pleasant.The rest of our stay was great and as long as you are looking for a relaxing vacation this hotel will meet your needs.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FL_foodie
<Content>Outstanding Service, Beautifully Renovated Hotel My husband and I just got back from a few days at the Condado Plaza, and we had a wonderful time. The place is beautiful - well designed and decorated, and absolutely spotless throughout. The new lobby is now open, and we never had to wait more than a minute for an elevator.I can't say enough about the service at this hotel. As should be obvious from all of Henry's responses on this site, the staff really wants to do everything they can to make your stay wonderful. My husband was attending a conference and had to arrange a couple of business lunches. Everyone in the restaurant bent over backwards to ensure that they had everything they needed without being intrusive. They made my husband look like quite the captain of industry!The location of the hotel is good, within walking distance to a few restaurants and a short cab ride to Isla Verde and Old San Juan. There were always plenty of cabs lined up in front of the property. We ended up eating at the Italian restaurant at the hotel one night because we were exhausted from sightseeing, and the food and service were excellent. This hotel has the best margaritas I've had anywhere. Travelers should be aware, though, that this is not the best place to go if they're looking for a great beach. The hotel is on the ocean, but most of the shore is rocky, not sand. There is a small beach on a protected cove, so there are no waves. The locals seemed to bring their small children there, so it was fairly crowded for such a small beach. The pools, on the other hand, were beautiful and uncrowded.We had an oceanfront room. It was fairly large, and had a great view and a completely private balcony. The bathroom was enormous. However, as others have observed, the sliding frosted glass doors to the bathroom did not provide a great deal of privacy. There was also a fair amount of noise from the hallway and from the room adjoining ours. Neither was a problem for us at night, but if you had obnoxious neighbors I could see this being an issue.Overall, this is a great place for business travelers or those looking for a central location from which to explore the island. It is not the place for those looking for long walks on the beach or swims in the ocean.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>olde_tyme_style
<Content>Lively fun on the strip I actually stayed at this property almost 4 years ago. I had stayed once before in 2002. The hotel and central location to surrounding areas was so great that I decided to return. The room had water views of the bay and the ocean as well as the hotel strip and was in a high rise tower with a balcony. The room was clean, comfortable and the bathroom was nicely done.The hotel is beachfront with lounge chairs on the ocean side and has a salt water pool and freshwater pool on the ocean side. The pools were well kept, but a little crowded with guests. Nothing bad though. There are many lounge chairs near the pool and on the ocean side of the property as well as scattered hammocks to catch the ocean breeze. There are also some nice hidden places to take tropical background pictures. On the bay side there is a great pool. Not many guests realize this pool is there and therefore, it is not crowded no matter when you take a dip. The poolside also has lounge chairs and is uncrowded. There is also a nice jacuzzi near this pool. You will most likely have it to yourself. At night you can sit in the jacuzzi and listen to the coquis in the background. There is also a watersports pavilion (I think it's privately owned) at the bayside if you walk down the drive along side of the hotel. I rented a kayak. The employee took my room number to charge the rental to my room but the best part was I was never charged. I also noticed other non-motorized rentals, I particularly remember aqua cycles. You get to use the entire bay and even toward the ocean, if you dare.The casino is large and fun and is always happening at night. There are a lot of games to choose from and many people playing, creating a nice atmosphere. The hotel has various on site restaurants. The buffet was my favorite for breakfast. There was hot and cold varieties. Try it at least once. There is an amazing ocean view through the wall of windows. The ocean spray even sometimes hits the window. The location can't be beaten. Steps from the main hotel is the bus into Old San Juan. It stops running about 10 or 11, but a cab ride back later is reasonable. The hotel is also on the Condado hotel strip - great for food, fun, shopping, casino hopping, bars. There is even a small public beach on the ocean side if you walk down a ways. The conciege can set you up with fun excursions to explore the rainforest or a nighttime kayaking expedition (transportation provided) from the ocean in Farjado through a channel into a bioluminescent bay. It was such a unique experience I will never forget (wear a bathing suit, you can hop in for a swim and watch the water light up flurescent blue as you move)I would certainly return in the future if I had the opportunity.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>goodbyegirl
<Content>relaxed and unbothered Had done research thru trip advisor and was anxious about choice. that was put to rest upon arrival. while there is some construction still taking place the staff makes up for any minor construction matters still left to handle. the cleaning staff on the fifth floor was magnificient. recommend you book ocean tower. the strip house was pricey but worth every penny (food snob that I am) the sushi was wonderful and for what you are paying the italian restaurant is adequate. the decor inside and the pool outside very soothing from the hot 84 degree sun. the food in the pool area was quite surprisingly good. I would definitely stay again and would recommend. A short walk away is Ropa Vieja(?SP) native restaurant. The food was magnificent and so was the service. Sit back have a glass of sangria and let your troubles pass you by. Vacation.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hondacrvguy
<Content>Great Stay We just got back from an excellent stay at the Condado Plaza! When the lady and I were trying to find a nice hotel in San Juan, I came across their website. From the pictures, it looked beautiful - which it was! I then read review upon this website and came across Henry Neumann and he ensured us that we would have a great stay - and they delivered.The room was beautiful! We had an ocean view room. The pictures on their website really do show the actual product! Most of the staff we came across was nice, some need a lesson in hospitality.We ate at the italian restaurant - while the portions were great, the food was just so-so.They were putting the finishing touches on the swim-up bar, which was a nice touch. The staff poolside made sure we always had a drink in hand. Beware though - Drinks are VERY, VERY expensive!Beach is small, but does the touch.Overall, we had an excellent stay! If San Juan is ever in out travel plans, we'll stay here again in a heart beat!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SSSNES
<Content>Okay stay Overall the stay was nice and the place fun. I was traveling with a cousin for a girls getaway. The pools were great, the food at the pool not great and very pricey. The drinks were good. The beach was fine, just expect small and not the typical resort beach. My cousin said the massage she had poolside was the best she had ever had. Upon check in (which took a really long time due to a huge group arriving at the same time) we were greeted by someone who obviously wished she had called in sick that day. We had reserved a room with two beds and was told our room only had one double bed. We were told there were no other rooms and no cots. Good thing we are small and like each other because we were bunking together. Our key did not work once we finally made it to our room having waiting for the one working elevator for a really long time. SOOO we had to go back and wait in another really long line to get a working key. No apology what so ever from the staff at check in. In fact we were treated like we were putting her out for being in the line again! When we stayed (12/06) there was a lot of construction and they started really early in the morning. The room was always clean and the bathroom really nice. The cab drivers out front were always very helpful, polite and efficient. I would stay again IF the construction were complete.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>elfin44
<Content>beautiful hotel I stayed for 3 nights in this luxurious hotel, Dec 26-29. The rooms are very nicely decorated, very modern, very pleasing to the eye. It is newly renovated, so everything is new, clean and in working condition. The staff was accomodating and helpful. Everyone speaks English, so a tourist doesn't have any problems communicating.I didn't eat at any of the restaurants but on my next trip I will try the Strip House because I have eaten at their restaurant at the El Conquistador and it was exquisite. I visited their lobby bar on several occasions and it was a nice place to sit and relax. Great ocean views from the bar. The bartenders are very friendly and so are the tourists who go there.The casino was not the greatest. The machines were few and not the best. They need to get better machines, especially video poker. The coupiers at the tables need to be better coupiers. It was very windy while I was staying there and the ocean was rough. But their beach is one of the best on the island because it is protected by a reef and while the ocean is rough, their beach is smooth and calm. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>TravellerfromPhilly
<Content>Highly recommend - Nicely upgraded rooms       View from room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SPARNewYork
<Content>Very Disappointed The Condado Plaza is a high rise motel with upscale prices. We stayed for a week from Christmas to New Year's Eve and were very disappointed. Staff were friendly and responsive. We should know because we had to ask for so many problems to be corrected such as: banging air conditioner, flickering lights, coffee and shampoo in room not replaced, room never vacuumed, etc. We gave up on asking for the filthy windows to be cleaned. The Italian restaurant had the slowest service, waiters with attitude and several meals were sent back because they were inedible (mealy pancakes and a cold, dried out hamburger). The $10 hot dog at the pool was a joke and the extra $5 for a few french fries was and insult. By the way, a note to the poolside cook, fish and chips does not mean fish and potato chips! This place just does not get it. Try the Marriott or La Concha just down the street. They are both hip, beautiful and even a few dollars less expensive.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>MissyGalway
<Content>A little disapointing We stayed here after a 6 night cruise, it looked lovely in the brochure. It was a bit dissapointing, the rooms are a nice size but a little grubby. The staff were ok some were nice but we found the check in staff a little rude and snappy.They had a selection of restaurants but they were quiet expensive. It is in a nice location but away from the old town and you need a taxi to access most areas.For the price its an average hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>nina517
<Content>Fantastic family vacation!!!! Our title summarizes it all--we had a fantastic time at the Condado Plaza. Henry Neumann was the only person who could guarantee us adjoining rooms. We called a couple of other hotels in the general area who said they could have 2 rooms, but couldn't guarantee adjoining. Traveling with 3 small children, it was de rigueur for us to have this. Henry was great, and set us up in two fabulous rooms. Everything was new, shiny, clean, perfect!!The pool was clean and very nice. The poolside service from Sterling was exceptional. The elevator from the lobby level down tot he pool level was out of order during our stay, but the very attentive pool staff was always there to give me a hand with my 1-year old daughter's stroller down the stairs.The beach was great and the service was attentive and friendly. We were blessed with perfect weather despite nothing but rain for the three weeks prior. The Gusto d'Italia restaurant was a great option for our first evening dinner. It was family friendly, the food was hot, well presented, portions were appropriate, and they served our kids quickly (we'd had a long day of travel and quick, hot and good was what we needed!). I can't remember the name of the waitress who helped us, but she was outstanding and my 7-year old is still talking about her! Unfortunately I can't recommend them for breakfast--it was pretty bad, but that's not the hotel's doing, as they are unrelated to the hotel. That said, it's a huge convenience to have this restaurant there.The Strip House is open!! We didn't dine here, but it certainly looked like it would be a lot of fun and a great meal.The Starbucks right at the hotel is very convenient. My husband ran out for yogurt, fruit, fantastic coffee and delicious spinach empanadas and quesitos in the mornings. Yum!Sure, there's still some construction to be wrapped up, and the place looks a little sparse, BUT it is going to be absolutely spectacular. The decor is minimalist and modernist, with a rich color palette. Very tasteful and elegant. The room decor is in keeping with this same design, and everything flows very smoothly together. The music piping through the speakers is Vegas cool around the lobby bar area. This is going to be a rockin' happening place when it's all done!!Our entire experience at the Condado Plaza was really amazing. We were thrilled with how friendly, attentive and helpful the entire staff was--from the housekeeping folks to the upper management. We are already anticipating our next family vacation to Puerto Rico and will definitely include the Condado Plaza in our plans.A big thanks to everyone who made our stay so unbelievably wonderful!!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TSUalum93
<Content>Perhaps When They Are Finally Finished . . . The company I work for sends its top reps on a trip with a guest annually. This year they chose Puerto Rico as the destination and after much research chose the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino. Over 400 employees and guests stayed between December 6th - December 11th and unfortunately while I can't speak for all of us I know that my husband and I as well as many of the others we talked to were sadly disappointed.Previous reviews were responded to with the note that the lobby would be finished on 12/3. This was not the case. When we arrived on 12/6 the lobby had minimal furniture (more was added during our stay) and they were still working on it when we left 12/11. There was no check in desk on the beach side but a table had been set up where attendees received their packet from my employer. We were then directed to stand online where a gentleman working from a laptop computer was assigning rooms. We had been told check in would begin at 3 PM so when we arrived at 2:30 we were not alarmed that the room was not ready but as time wore on our frustrations grew. A colleague and her husband waited with us as the room they had finally been assigned to had other guests already in it. At 5:30 after the coordinator of the event found out we had been waiting 3 hours for a room, miraculously a room was made available with a king size bed and an ocean view. We mentioned our disappointment to our coordinator as the group was leaving in 30 minutes for a welcome dinner and we had to still get our luggage up to the room, shower and change. The hotel organized a Town Car to pick us up and get us to the dinner. When we returned to our room that evening a fruit and cheese platter as well as a bottle of wine was waiting for us. I was pleased that the hotel had made an effort to acknowledge our frustration but it was obvious that the cheese had been siting out for some time and was probably left out for us soon after we departed. I know that the staff would have no idea what time we would be returning (although there were buses scheduled to take everyone back which were organized by our tour group that worked closely with the hotel) but perhaps it would have been better to put the cheese and fruit into the refrigerator with a note next to the bottle of wine on the desk . . . We soon learned that check in frustrations were not limited to the first day. While less than 100 people arrived on day one, the others (over 300 people) arrived the next day. The same lonely check in table remained. I heard from others that our 3 hour wait was short in comparison . . . Many people waited 7+ hours to be assigned a room. Each time a room assignment was given a staff member had to run across the skyway (located a floor above us) to program the room keys. We also heard stories of the luggage guests had checked upon their arrival while waiting for their room went AWOL which added further delays.I understand that the official grand opening is to take place on either 12/31 or 1/1 . . . Perhaps by then all of the amenities mentioned in the book located in our room will be up and running. They have Tony Roma's listed as a restaurant option and there is a sign for it in the Laguna Tower also know as the building with the Bay views near the elevators but I was told it was closed during renovations. We were unable to eat in the Strip House but if it is anything like the one we have here in NYC while it is very expensive the food is extraordinary. The only real dining option is an Italian family style restaurant that charges $9.95 for scrambled eggs with sausage, some toast and I will say the two largest hash browns I have ever seen. We learned right before we left that this establishment is not associated with the hotel so any gratuities charged to your room bill are given to the wait staff two weeks later and a large portion is taken out by the owners to defray the paperwork costs associated with getting the funds from the hotel. While the food is not bad I would not say it is great but unless you go down the street to Chilli's or one of the very overpriced local places on Ashford Avenue ($13.95 for an Italian sub) then your only other option is a 24 hour Subway down the street or the Starbucks immediately adjacent to the hotel. You can't even get a soda or a bottle of water in the hotel as there are no machines. You can take a nice walk or a cab ride to a local 24 hour Walgreens and purchase items there and place them in the room fridge. The hotel gift shop where at least per the sign in the bathroom is where you can purchase the Clear line of toiletries (vegan) they make available to guests is not currently open. The brunch the hotel served participants on our last day of meetings was quite lovely and even included an omelet station. We personally had no problems with our room once we got there. It was beautiful with a flat screen TV and easily accessible free high speed Internet access. We had a beautiful view overlooking the ocean and it was only on the last day when a tropical storm came through the area that it turned into a swimming pool of sorts because there was nowhere for the rain water to go. Rain water seems to be an issue in several places at this property . . . Another party in our group let me know they had leaking issues in one of their two adjoining rooms and housekeeping did not want to keep bringing towels. They also had a problem with one of the showers and had to use the one that was working in the other room the rest of their party was staying in. I noticed a towel in the lobby area by a window soaking up rain that was coming inside and in the walkway from the two buildings they had plastic garbage pails just like the ones in our hotel room strategically placed in a row to catch the rain that was making its way inside. They must have missed a few spots because I did feel an occasional drop hit me as I made my way across.The best part of our stay was the staff -- especially those working the front doors on the beach side. They offered a truly first class experience one would expect from such an establishment. Doors to cars were opened as passengers entered and exited vehicles, taxi's were quickly dispatched from across the street on the Bay side, doors to the building were opened for guests as they entered and exited the building and perhaps most importantly service was always offered with a smile, kindness and assistance whenever needed.We did not spend our time at the beach but I did read in an older tour guide book that the beach at this hotel is one of the better ones in the Condado area because of the reef creating a natural barrier for the waves. On our last night we did check out the indoor whirlpool located on the Bay side next to the gym. While small, the water was lovely but alas the jets were not working. Engineering was called but did not arrive before we left. My husband and I did not spend much time in the small casino but it seemed nice enough. We did use the ATM located in the gaming area as the one in the lobby was out of order during our stay and we were pleased to see that there was no service charge for using the machine.I believe that once everything is finally in place that this property has wonderful possibilities but alas despite their attempts to complete everything by December 3rd there is still work to be done.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	5	4	

<Author>Peepsluv
<Content>The Condado is So-So       Bay side view from our room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>NewJerseyIraida
<Content>Dirty room I stood at this hotel while it was underconstruction. My room had a beautiful view to the water, but the room was DIRTY and the check in was horrible. First I checked in around 5pm and they gave me the wrong key when I went down stairs they reprogramed my key to someone elses room. I had to go back down stairs and reprogram the key to the correct room. Once inside I found that several things were missing from the room, like coffee pot, hair dryer. also I found food in the fridge belonging to the previous guest. Also the TV had three channels only and when I called they said they can not do anything about it for several days because they hae not gotten to my floor to program the TVs. To make things worse I found black hair in the bad and in the bathroom floor. mind you I have brown hair. I called house keeping and they send some one to clean the room after three hour. The hotel claimed they were booked and were not able to change my room. Once the house keeping lady arrived she noticed the refridge was disconnected, and two of the three lamps were missing light bulbs. I had stood at this hotel when it was the wyndham and had a no problems.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tee-em
<Content>Fantastic We have stayed in a number of hotels in the world and the Condado Plaza has the most unique rooms we have seen. Don't let the exterior of the hotel fool you. Guest check-in is on the second floor Mezzanine level and connects by overland bridge to the casino and rest of the hotel. Major renovations are still being done on the Mezzanine floor but there is a great Italian Restaurant on that level. We arrived late and they were happy to serve us at 12:00 midnight (It is open till 1:00 am on weekends although the guest services book says it closes at midnight.We had been upgraded by Mr. Neuman to an ocean view room and it was beautiful. The view to the ocean and to old San Juan from not only the balcony but also the windows on two sides of the room is spectacular. You can't beat the sound of the waves on the beach immediately underneath your room.The rooms themselves are brightly decorated in a contemporary style with a very comfortable pillow top king bed, an ultra modern L shaped couch, marble working table, and flat screen tv. The bathroom is huge with a completely glassed in shower and double sliding glass and wood doors.Contrary to what I had read in previous (all older) reviews, the staff we very professional and friendly. We would like to specifically thank Mr. Neuman for his speedy personal response to all the questions and concerns we had before booking. No canned response here like in many of the large chains (if you can even find someone to contact). He had advised us that the hotel had undertaken major initiates in staff training and it shows.We can hardly wait until the renovations are totally finished so we can return to this beautiful property.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>skhirt43
<Content>Henry's The Best!! We didn't get the chance to stay at the Condado due to an airline snafu but the customer service we received from Mr. Henry Neumann needs to be acknowledged. He gave us exceptional service from the time of our booking right through our cancellation. We will definitely stay here in the future if we are going to be in San Juan. Thank you, Henry, for everything! :)  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>miralta
<Content>Very nice rooms Just got back from a 2 nights stay (Oct 5-7). The hotel is having major renovations done which make the rate fantastic ($135/night) The newly renovated rooms are very nice. The bathroom needed more light but was very spacious with closet area included (though an evening gown won't fit because the closet lenght is short).The staff is amazing, check in and check out were very fast. Room service was excellent and food was great. We were here for a party and the salons were beautifully decorated with every single detail taken care of.If you do not mind walking by some areas that are being remodeled you should stay here, the area is great, the staff is friendly, the food is good and the view (beach or lagoon) is beautiful  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BroncoBill
<Content>DON'T EVEN CONSIDER STAYING ANYWHERE ELSE !!!!! Stayed for 2 nights Oct. 2  3. Check in was a breeze at 1:45pm.The ocean-view room was immaculately clean, with refrig. safe, hairdryer, coffeemaker, and upscale selection of shampoos and lotions. The bathroom was very large, marble and mahogany with glass shower. The view from the balcony of room 716 was totally awesome---overlooking the ocean and Old San Juan.ALL of the elevators are working in the hotel, and yes, there is some renovation going on in some areas, but they are being done in such a way that you don't really notice---no inconvenience whatsoever. The pool areas are spotlessly clean, and very well staffed. The main pool area has food service available and beach assess, with a swim-up bar. The entire staff at this hotel is one of the best I have ever encountered. Whatever you need is available, fast, and always with a smile. Joey at the pool bar is a great source of information on the area, and a fun guy. Makes you feel right at home. Guest Services printed out my boarding pass the morning of departure, complimentary, which saved me some time at the airport.The ONLY bad thing-----I had to leave, but will be back !!!!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beckster94
<Content>Excellent experience at the Condado Plaza We spent several days at the Condado Plaza recently. I have the highest praise for their entire staff and the service we experienced! Even though the hotel is in the midst of renovation, we were not inconvenienced in any way. Our large room had a beautiful view of the lagoon. The location is so convenient - walking distance to good restaurants and a short cab ride to Old San Juan.On my last day, I was in the business center printing our boarding passes, and left my cell phone by the printer. The staff found it promptly. When I called from the airport, they immediately dispatched someone to deliver it to me curbside. This was an extra service they didn't have to provide and was much appreciated.We will definitely stay at the Condado Plaza again on future trips to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lujain
<Content>Good location and service, noisy construction mess My husband and I stayed at the Condado Plaza for 6 nights in late September 2007. We were in a lagoon view room in the lagoon tower.The hotel offers easy access to Old San Juan. There is only a small beach near the hotel. There is a lot of construction going on in that area, both inside the hotel and outside as well. The rooms have been completed, but they are still working on the lobby in the ocean tower. The construction area (the lobby, the walkway to the casino, and the casino) was a mess. Also, there was a jackhammer drilling in the casino during working hours. The room was nicely decorated with green and blue hues. The view of the lagoon was gorgeous. The bed was comfortable, and there was a flat screen HDTV. My husband complained that the TV was not set up properly (something about people's faces being improperly squished), and the content was not in HD. My husband says there was no way to adjust the aspect ratio on the TV (whatever that means). The glass shower in the bathroom leaked. Also, the sliding door to the bathroom did not offer a lot of privacy.The 2 guest elevators in the lagoon tower were down about half of the time. We used the service elevator at those times. Dining options in the hotel are limited. We tried Tony Roma's, where the food was sub-par. We ate breakfast at the Italian restaurant. My vegie omelette had an entire bell pepper chopped into it. The pancakes were gigantic and heavy, not light and fluffy. The fruit cup included canned fruit. We had better luck with more basic items, like oatmeal, poached eggs, and toast. We had room service a few times. Service was good and the chocolate cake was yummy.We took full advantage of a $300 resort credit offered by the hotel. We used it for parking for our rental car, dining, and in-room movies. There is a large selection of in-room movies.The hotel offers some nice touches, like fresh flowers in the common areas. The renovated gym looked pretty nice. However, I would not recommend staying at this hotel until the construction is completed (supposedly in late November 2007). With the unsightly mess and the noise, the hotel does not offer a restful, peaceful environment that I would want on a vacation. I would probably go with the Caribe Hilton or the Marriott instead.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>peachfuzz23
<Content>Paradise in PR       Our room  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tuck123
<Content>Great time at the Condado Plaza We just returned from a 5 day stay at the Condado Plaza and can't say enough great stuff about it. We went with my in-laws who were attending the NGAUS convention and I had some reservations when I read the reviews about all of the construction going on - but it was a minimal distraction.The staff at check-in were not able to get our room moved to be closer to my in-laws (they were in the Ocean View tower and we were in the Laguna tower)The next day when the couple in the room connecting to my in-laws checked out my mother-in-law asked the gentleman handling the NGAUS check-in (I wish I could remember his name - began with A) if there was any way we could be moved to that room (not holding out any hope that we could) and he simply said it was no problem at all and had us moved within hours. This was our impression of all of the staff we encountered - very friendly, very patient and very willing to help in any way.The Bell Staff was awesome - Felipe was always there with a smile and any offer of help - we were headed to a well known bakery in Old San Juan when he recommended La Murrica (sp?) instead - and it was awesome! $15 for all 4 of us.Cesar was fabulous and remembered our kids by name each time he saw them - went out of his way to give a smile or see if we needed anything.Inez at the concierge desk was extremely pleasant and helpful.Ate dinner once and breakfast a few times at Il Gusto in the hotel. Food was good - a bit pricey but that's not unusual - staff was extremely courteous and friendly. Pool was great - never felt really crowded and kids loved the slide... the pool bar staff was a bit harried and it took a while to get service sometimes - but always with a smile.Construction could be heard about 9:00am but it wasn't too bad and hardly made a difference to us. It looked like just about every hotel around was under construction.Wouldn't recommend Tony Romas which is in the hotel - so-so food and so-so staff.One small thing.... the rooms are decorated really beautifully - very chic and modern - this includes sliding doors on a huge bathroom that has a glass shower in the center of the room, the sink and vanity area, the toilet, the closet and the coffee/fridge area all in this one room... didn't mind this at all and actually liked it being separate from the sleeping area- but if privacy is an issue for anyone this set up and the sliding doors might not be to your liking... Again, we liked it but they desperately need to oil the sliding doors - you could wake the dead opening them.Great location - Starbucks across the street - restaurants in walking distance, nice beach at the hotel and a 10 min ride (tops) to Old San Juan, 45 min to the rainforest.So, we loved it - it was a great time and we would definitely recommend it. Hope to go back next year - apparently May - Nov is 'off season' and barring any hurricanes it's a great time to be there.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>terps94
<Content>Great time at Condado Plaza We had a 7 night stay at the Condado Plaza for our 10th anniversary in August 2007. After a lot of research, I chose the hotel based on location and price. I knew it was undergoing renovations (as is every hotel in the Caribbean in the summer off-season) but I e-mailed the hotel management before our visit and was assured that the renovations wouldn't affect our stay. We had to ask for help locating the check-in desk because it was not right where you enter the building, but up one level. Check in was quick and easy. We had booked a city vista room, but received a complimentary upgrade to an ocean vista room in the Ocean Tower. The room was great - the view, the decor, the bathroom, all of it. It was unlike any typical Marriott, Hilton, Holiday Inn, etc. but really unique. To get to our room, we came in through the Laguna Tower, walked up the one flight of stairs (never even thought about using the elevator that others have commented on for one flight), walked across the tunnel between the two buildings, and took the elevator up. Both elevators and the pool elevator in the Ocean Tower were always working and there was never a delay of any kind.We went in the casino once for about 20 minutes. It was busy at times, but never packed, and it looked like it could easily accomodate the guests. The pools were beautiful and scenic. Again, they were never really packed and there were never any problems getting a chair or anything. The bar at the pool was nice. The beach is small and also public, as is every beach in San Juan - even the Marriott and such have to let the public on, we learned. However, the staff would bring chairs for you if you wanted and the beach was plenty big enough for the people using it. The water was clear, calm, and warm.Having a taxi stand at the hotel was convenient for getting around. Prices are set so you know you're not getting scammed. The bus stop is also right at the hotel and easy to get into Old San Juan for 75 cents. There are lots of good Puerto Rican and other restaurants within a 5-10 block walk down Ashford Avenue. It was a nice stroll in the evening to find a restaurant if we weren't in Old San Juan. We never ate at the restaurants in the hotel because we'd rather experience the local flavors. Overall, our experience with the hotel, the staff, and the amenities was great. When the renovations are complete, it will be even nicer, but we had no complaints. Mr. Neumann and his staff (especially Jean Pierre, who went out of his way to find a tour for us when the one we signed up for wound up being full) were wonderful and we would recommend the Condado Plaza to others.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>sugapple
<Content>Great place love it !!!!!!!!!!!! Yes the room could have been a little bigger and the bed a little more higher, but over all my stay there was great !!!!!! the staff was friendy. The hotel and the room was clean just one problem was the elevator. There was just one elevator working for everyone except if you use the elevator by the pool which you would have to be passing by the guys doing renovations on the hotel. The hotel is nice I even fell in love with the bathroom(cool shower :-). Over all it's in a great location it is walking distance to stores, subway, natural flavor (for people who don't eat meat or eat anything with dairy in there food), dunkin dounut's, wendy's and walgreen's. I would surely stay at the Condado Plaza Hotel  Casino again, again and again..........Julie S. from St.Croix U.S.V.I  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>oppatton
<Content>loved evelyn       awesome pool at the hotel  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissDREAM4
<Content>False advertising and lies!!! But good location and nice rooms. This was our first time visiting San Juan, Puerto Rico. Booked our room online via their website and called the hotel 4-5 times personally to ask specific questions about our reservations and ammenities of the hotel. The people who answered the calls were very nice and promised we get the type of room we asked for (two double beds non-smoking). Their website talks about a cafe and lounge. Not once did the staff let us know that there cafe was CLOSED due to renovations and that there was NO lounge, live music, or club in the hotel. We opted to stay here due to the special promotion they had via their website which saved us a couple hundred bucks. After a very long flight over to San Juan and upon arriving to the hotel we found ourselves at what was the temporary check-in area. Only one person at the desk and upon checking in the guy told us that there were no rooms available that we reserved and that we would have to take a single king bed with an inflatable bed instead for the night. That was not satisfactory to us so we demanded something better. He went to the back and suddenly a room with a double bed became available. There was no apology and he said that reservations are only a preference and not gauranteed!!! They had only one elevator working the whole time. The other one was out of order. I do not understand why they did not fix this problem. The wait was long for the elevator and it got very crammed. The hotel staff also used this very same elevator as well which explains why it would get very crammed. The elevator problem should have been a top priority to fix asap. We were giving a room with the view of the lagoon which was very nice. Nicely renovated room. Comfy beds and pillows. The ac worked nicely but had trouble trying to fix the temp on the panel that got stuck. The bathroom had very nice fixtures and the shower worked great. The cleaning people were always very nice. We wanted to watch a movie. Called downstairs and they informed us that our tv was not hooked up to be able to watch the movie of our choice. It was a bummer. We ordered room service once and it was a super rip off, outrageous! The girl who took our order was very rude and to top it off our bill came out to around $70 for three people!!! Upon asking for an explanation it was simply said that the price is what the computer makes it to come out to. That was the last and only time we ordered room service.The Italian restaurant had the nicest staff. Very friendly and very helpful. The dinner dishes were great and tasted like the pasta was just freshly made! It took a bit longer than expected for the food to come to our table but well worth the wait. Tony Roma's was just alright. Jose was the best server there. He gave us tips about the town and it helped a ton. Long wait for food there too and they told us that they were out of hamburger buns for our orders. Starbucks across the ways was perfect for our breakfast needs. Even saw a famous Spanish soap opera actor in there! The location of the hotel is right in the middle. We hopped onto the bus to catch a ride to Old San Juan (only cost 75 cents each way) and the bus stop was right in front of the hotel. Also got onto the same bus to get to Plaza Las Americas, the gigantic mall in Hato Rey. Saved a lot of money that way than taking a cab everywhere. Very very convenient as far as location goes with the hotel. Convenience store across the street came in handy as well as the BIG souvenir shop down the street. Subway down on Ashford for a cheap dinner was nice too. They had all kinds of nice little bar/restaurants on the water and also the fancier more expensive restaurants too like Ropa Vieja (Cuban) and Ajili Mojili (Puerto Rican I'm guessing). They also had a big Chili's on Ashford too. I am glad that I didn't stay in Isla Verde, too far off from everything but the airport. To get to the pool we had to cross the overpath, pass the casino, pass the Italian restaurant, walk through the cold, paint smelling pathway and take the elevator down. The elevator didn't work at times so we had to take the stars and instead of it going down to the Pool, it would go all the way up to the 10th floor and come back to the pool area. Very odd how the elevators work in the hotel. Must get that fixed!!! The pools were very nice and open all the time. They had one main pool and also a saltwater pool which seemed like a nice added touch. They need more lighting for the pool area at nighttime. Could barely see anything in the pool area at night which could be very dangerous for the kids. The jacuzzi was big and always available. Happy hour had cheaply priced drinks at the pool bar which was nice. David the bartender made great drinks, but needed more help during happy hour which got very busy. They blocked off the entrance to beach in the evening time which seemed strange, but there was access another way it seems.They are currently doing contruction on the other side of the street which would be the location of the cafe and the main lobby of the hotel. The man at the front desk claimed that ALL of their rooms have been renovated which seemed to be true. Hopefully in a year all the contruction will be done and everything will be working properly and open. If not other hotels down the street would be an option for sure next time! PUERTO RICO is absolutely beautiful and can't wait to come back again!!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	4	4	1	3	1	

<Author>nfpolaris
<Content>Renovations I just got back yesterday, from spending 3nights at the Condado.I got a great rate, and knew it was being renovated, so for the money...it was a great hotel. If i had paid full price, and not told about renovations, i'd not be happy.The number 1 problem..above anything else....The Elevator!!They have 1 elevator working for ALL the hotel guests. The hotel has 2 towers....lobby is normally on the tower closest to the beach, but since its under renovations, they have a make-shift lobby in the across the street tower set up. This is fine....except....no matter which tower your room is in....you have to go to across the street lobby  go up to 2nd floor  cross on the enclosed crosswalk that unites the towers. Sounds fine...except only one of the elevators is working (i overheard workers complaining that the 2nd one had been being worked on for a month).Everyone....including check in/out....people coming in from the beach....going up/down to their room had to take the same elevator with luggage and such. The line was sometimes 10-15 minutes. Plus i guess the service elevator was broken too...cuz on 2 occasions i rode the elevator with a big fluffy chair  another ride with 2 HUGE pots of food (by the smell i'm thinking chicken soup in one and mashed potatoes in another)...and a bag of about 500bread rolls.This is really unacceptable....the place was packed...lots of events going on....no excuse for not having the elevator fixed. (oh...forgot to mention....i was on the 9th floor....and the 1 elevator that worked stopped at 7th floor every time. if you were coming up or down...we'd visit floor #7.....got to be pretty funny.The staff was great...service was good...the room was truly lovely (maybe a bit small for 2 people...but perfect for me since i had the room to myself)....the view..even on the Bay side is great. I can't complain...for the price it was great....but i'd wait till next summer to pay full price.Location is good...but again lots of construction on Asheford Avenue....by next summer it should be really fantastic. (fyi..the restaurant down the street Ropa Vieja is outstanding...its less then 2blocks away on the beach side.I enjoyed my stay and would recommend it...next year.....unless you are aware of the problems, go with the flow  got a good rate.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jeanbitsie
<Content>Alert At one time this was the nicest hotel in the Condado area but during the late 90s became seedy. Heard about the renovations at this property and decided to try them again.The rooms are pretty to the eye - but are very small (smaller that than the pre-renovated rooms). The beds are platform so they are very low. There is no dining table and only one chair for the counter that serves as holder of flat screen tv, and pc hook up - this makes it a little difficult to order room service for two.Most of all the bathrooms are extremely small and not so private. With sliding doors that have about a 2 to 3 inch opening on each side. And don't bring alot of clothing - closet is barely able to accommodate clothing for one modest person.The service was excellent and personnel promptly responded to requests. Renovations are now being done to the lobby so most of the restaurants are closed and no night time entertainment was offered at all.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDDay
<Content>Overall good experience After reading reviews I almost changed my hotel, but in the end, The Condado Plaza was a good experience for me. Yes, it is under construction, but so is all of San Juan. I was very inmpressed with the friendly staff. After my first breakfast, the waiter recognized me every morning,as well as my waitress at the pool restaurant. I highly recommend the lobster benedict and the catch of the day at the pool restaurant was the best meal I had in San Juan. I had no problems with my room, great view, very clean and stylish. All the rooms are finished and I think it will be a beautiful hotel when renovations are. If you are out during the day as I was, the construction will not affect you. It just that the public areas are not very pretty at this time. If this will be your only trip to San Juan, you might want to stay somewhere else, but the location was great. Other hotels, like the Ritz, etc. were very far from all the action. I liked that The Condado is in walking distance to many restaurants, clubs and shoppping and a short cab ride to old San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>testy016
<Content>Good for swimmers, nice rooms, but remodelling noise       view of the lagoon from the pool elevator  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>majid436
<Content>Not worth the price The hotel was too expensive for what it had to offer. The beach was small and enclosed by rock formations that made it feel like a little lake. The water in the beach didn't seem that clean cuz waves rarely came through there to refresh the area. The construction going on in the lobby and casino area also removed the elegance it had. In fact the most impressive thing they had was this large fish tank, but I only stared at it for 5 minutes. Another plus was the concierge and their staff. Overall very cooperative and willing people work there. And another plus is their oceanside view but it's not worth an extra $100/night relative to other rates you could get. But there is no reason to pay that much for Hotel Condado when you can get something for around $100/night, rent a car and drive to some amazing beaches. If you have questions about which beach to go to, email me at majid436@gmail.com.Overall don't go there unless u don't care about paying too much for things.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	2	3	5	5	5	

<Author>ApplegirlNj
<Content>Very Upset with the Condado... I have to say that the MANY times I have spoken with Condado to confirm my reservation and ask questions not ONCE did they mention about all of the construction. I was SO dissapointed with my stay. First of all the beach is not really a beach but a tiny sandy area that you can swim in. The pools were very nice though. The worst part was the construction. The temporary lobby was crowded and not nice at all. The people at the check in podium were not very nice either. When we arrived from the airport by taxi, the taxi driver could not even figure out how to get in. He had to go into the lobby to ask how to enter. I was so upset. They lied to me about having a spa also. I called on June 25th to make an appt. with the spa, I was told that I do that when I arrive. Little did I know that they do not even have a spa. NOTHING but 2 not great restauraunts are open. To get a cup of coffee, you have to walk across a very congested street. DO NOT RECOMMEND THE CONDADO AT ALL!! I feel that they shoould be honest when you are making reservations, and tell you about ALL of the construction. LOVED PUERTO RICO...Hated the hotel. I am staying at ESJ towers next time!!!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	1	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>DottieMae72
<Content>Worst Customer Service Ever! Upon arrival there was so much confusion. The taxi driver could not even find the entrance to the hotel, due to the ongoing construction.Once we arrived at the make shift lobby, it took almost an hour to check in and the woman checking us in (I will spare her and not mention her name) was RUDE and we felt like we were on an assembly line. We got to our room and there was no balcony, we DID book a room with 2 double beds and a balcony. Half an hour later, we were sent to another room....had a balcony, but only 1 king sized bed. Waited another half and hour and FINALLY we had the right room. The rooms are really pretty and the view was amazing!The elevators are broken, the AC was as loud as a thunderstorm and there is only one way to get to both towers because the construction is not finished.I could go on......but I want to remember my trip to San Juan as a pleasant and beautiful experience.All in all, HORRIBLE customer service, too much confusion, casino smells like mildew, pool is filthy............BUT SAN JUAN IS BEAUTIFUL AND I CAN'T WAIT TO GO BACK.....but...I think we will try another hotel next time!! Get it together CONDADO PLAZA!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cgbm73
<Content>Great upgrade I was excited about Condado Plaza and then I became a little nervous after reading the reviews here. I promptly contacted the Guest Services Manager and asked him about the construction. He responded right back that he upgraded us to a room away from the construction. Our room was great! The hotel does have a lot of construction and basically only one elevator, working which was annoying but everything else was really great.The staff at the pool were so helpful and really nice!We had a great time, thanks!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Songbird18
<Content>Beautiful Rooms, Many Inconveniences We paid about $300/night for our honeymoon stay at this hotel, so we were expecting complete excellency. Although the actual room was beautiful, the poor service and inconveniences that we had were worse than those I've received at hotels for 1/5 of the price!  Positives- 1) very nice pool and relaxing poolside chairs, 2) gorgeous, stylish rooms and bathroom, 3)balcony had nice view, 4) bed was extremely comfortable Negatives- 1) waited hours to check-in, 2) room key did not work, 3) NO washcloths available in the entire hotel, 4) game room could not be used because token machines were broken, 5) poolside eatery is extremely expensive for fast food-type entrees, 6) poor serviceIn-Depth Coverage on the Negatives1) requested early check-in since our cruise ship arrived back in San Juan at 7AM, however we had to wait until almost 4PM before we got a room 2) room key did not work-- after waiting several hours to check in our room and heading upstairs to finally relax, we realized our key did not work so we had to go back downstairs to get the problem fixed3) there were NO washcloths in our room-- we requested them by phone twice and after waiting nearly half an hour, my husband had to go downstairs to request them in person so we would not be late to the airport, there were NONE in the whole hotel so we had to use LONG hand towels 4) token machines in the game room were broken-- we wanted to play some games while we waited for hours to check in, but we couldn't use our quarters in the games and the token machines did not work, so the entire game room was unable to be used5) food at the poolside eatery is extremely expensive (for burgers, hotdogs, etc.)-- we paid about the same amount we pay at T.G.I Friday's or Ruby Tuesday for a hamburger, fries, and drink6) we tipped the man dressed in hotel staff attire who removed our luggage from the taxi and showed us where it would be housed safely; when another staff member told us he would bring our luggage up later, my husband made mention that he though (NAME) would be assisting us, the staff member said (NAME) was just a bellboy and asked if (NAME) told us he was going to bring our luggage up and how much we had tipped him because we weren't required to tip bellboys but we had to tip room servers; he then approached (Name) and after saying something to him in Spanish, (Name) gave the staff member the tip we had given him-- how tacky!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	5	3	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>edm7583
<Content>"Absolutely Amazing" Just got back from my 4th of July getaway to San Juan and I stayed at the Condado Plaza Hotel. A decision I didn't regret. It is the low season, and I got an amazing rate of $99 plus all taxes and fees. (note that the taxes and fees are pretty hight. Puerto Rico has a 9% tax for hotels without a casino and 11% on hotels with casino. Also the Hotel charges a Resort Fee of a whopping 14% of the rate per day.)The location has its pros and cons. On the western end of the Condado, there is no real beach. There is a small beach that is public right outside the hotel. It's not a bad little beach, but not as nice as other beaches east. On the plus side, you can walk to anything in the Condado. and for Old San Juan or Isla Verde, there are always a lineup of taxis outside day and night. A better option is the bus. The B21 line runs right past the hotel. This line runs from Old San Juan to the Plaza Las Americas mall, so it's easy access to both of these areas. To get to Isla Verde, take a taxi or a 15 minute or so walk to Ponce de Leon avenue and catch the A5 bus to Isla Verde. Remember all bus service stops around 9pm. They are renovating the hotel. Most of it is done, but the lobby and common areas in the main building are still being worked on. You have to enter and at the Lagoon Building across the street where the front desk is temporarily located and take the walkway to the main building's 2nd floor to access the casino, restaurants, and rooms. The rooms are absolutely enormous. I got a room on the 10th floor with the view of the lagoon, Miramar, and the mountains, and it is a gorgeous view. The rooms on the ocean view side of the hotel have balconies and are much more pricey. The room had a sofa and living room area, and a king size bed. the bathroom was equally gigantic, with a glass walk in shower stall right in the center of the bathroom. The shower stall could easily fit 3 people in it with room to spare! In the separate dressing area of the bathroom was the closet and drawers, with iron and board, and a small counter with coffeemaker and a refrigerator underneath. The other side of the bathroom had a huge marble counter with sink and hairdryer. Every amenity imaginable was in this room. Internet connection, plasma screen tv, huge marble desk, down bedding and comforters, and the enormous window that took up the whole wall giving a beautiful view of the highrises of Miramar and the mountains in the distance. Service is fantastic in this hotel! Everyone is very friendly and bends over backwards to help you.The casino is pretty nice too. One of the larger casinos in Puerto Rico, this still is nothing in size compared to the casinos of Vegas. There are about a dozen or so table games, and the rest is slots.However, what it lacks in size it makes up for with quick friendly drink service, friendly dealers, a smoke-free environment, and much lower minimum bets than in the high-end casinos in Vegas.Since there is not a huge, beautiful beach on premises, this hotel goes out of their way to make their pool area and gardens as nice as possible. There are 2 pools in the main building, and beautiful gardens with hammocks overlooking the ocean. Pool service is quick and friendly. Food is not bad at all but the restaurants and drinks are really overpriced. Eat elsewhere if you can. Overall, this hotel is best described as a 5 star hotel in a 3 star location. No you are not in Isla Verde, but you are in a convenient area, the rooms are luxurious, and the service here is truly first class.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>divajoi2001
<Content>So so.... I was there last week, and the start of our stay was not a good one. David, one of the front desk clerks was the person to check us in, and I felt that he was extremely rude, as he took our credit card and id, he simply grabbed it from my boyfriend, and just started typing in the computer-without a word, and then sighed and said what a day. It took roughly 30 or so minutes to check us in, and he did not provide one word to us why-finally we got our keys. Then the killer is, I booked our stay within a particular timeframe, since their website was advertising a free digital camera (along with something else-but I forget) if you booked it during the summer, and another lady told us, that we did not have that package-but it was not apart of the package-it was simply an incentive to stay during their low season, so I was a little disappointed for the false advertising(Amazingly enough, that incentive was gone when I checked the website after I got back home!!!!). Everything else about our stay was simply okay...I felt that there was a strong lack of hospitality from the staff, but that was made up from the locals...I really loved my vacation besides the fact that we stayed somewhere that lacked the basics of hospitality and integrity-but their housekeepers were amazing if that is any consolation!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>pr0706
<Content>Puerto Rico is wonderful; the condado is ok My husband and I went to Puerto Rico for our honeymoon. We loved our time in Puerto Rico. We found the people to be incredibly helpful, the sights were great, and the food was wonderful.We were pleased with our room at the condado and we appreciated the help we were given in activity and tour planning. We were a little bummed that the hotel did not really have a beach and that the (closest beach within walking distance) is frequented by sharks and thus not safe. We would definitely go back to Puerto Rico but we would probably stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Tee1025
<Content>Overall, happy but would probably not visit again For the most part, I was happy with my stay in this hotel. But there were some things that were quite annoying. First, there is construction going on at the hotel which begins quite early and is disruptive (I didn't relish getting up at 6:30 a.m. while on vacation) and there was only one functioning elevator in the lobby and the pool elevator - both of which are extremely slow. Also, it didn't matter what you would ask the front desk they would constantly refer you to the concierge (I'm not sure who the daytime female is but she's fantastic). Also, as the hotel is a bit away from activity of any sort it would be nice if the hotel either had some sort of in-house entertainment, like live music or DJ on the beach, or offered shuttles someplace like the mall or OSJ. There were a few restaurants nearby that had bars but they were always empty (as was most of this side of Ashford Ave.) so keep in mind its pretty quiet around Condado Plaza.The Italian restaurant in the hotel was a disappointment. The food was awful, I was there twice for dinner and once for breakfast and the breakfast burrito was the only passable food I had there. Starbucks was typical Starbucks which was fine if you wanted a beverage but the foodstuffs they sold didn't seem to move much at all and I had my doubts how fresh they were. Tony Roma's was a nice option with good service and decent food.The beach at the Condado was public, which I hadn't been aware of beforehand, but still pleasant, though I enjoyed my time in the hammocks (which were a great surprise) or lounging by one of the three pools better. Overall, I enjoyed my visit but unfortunately I'd probably think twice before staying at the Condado Plaza again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Spartiken
<Content>Condado Plaza - Mixed review We found the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino to be a mixture of good and bad. Good: The staff members were generally very helpful and accomodating and concierge staff was always willing to help. Hotel management was willing to accomodate a room change and upgrade at no additional charge.The pools and tennis courts are beautiful. The hotel will provide rackets and balls for no charge.Not so good: The hotel was under quite a bit of remodeling, and the jackhammers were our 7AM wake up call every morning. Jackhammers also made it difficult to enjoy the pool. The beach is really a public beach with a lagoon of sorts, overrun with local teenagers.Although furnishings and materials are top-notch, workmanship in the hotel is marginal. We were in two rooms, and both had huge gaps in the bathroom door frames which made privacy impossible.The food and service at the hotel restaurants was mixed at best, and expensive. A drink, chicken wings, and an ice-cream bar at the pool was $50!Getting washcloths took additional calls to housekeeping almost daily, despite leaving notes and big tips!Very small and hot exercise area.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Rslickeee
<Content>Beautiful Rooms; Service not so good My companion and I have just returned from a 7 night stay at Condado Beach Hotel and Casino in San Juan, PR. The hotel is undergoing some renovation, but the work had minimal impact on our stay. The room was as described on the website. We were in one of the red rooms in the ocean tower. It had a view of the lagoon, and of the city of San Juan. The room was beautiful - very modern, the bed really comfortable, with high quality linens. The bathroom was large, with a glassed in shower. Room also had flat screen tv, coffee maker, iron, and safe. The balcony was large and came with 2 chairs and a small table. The housekeeping staff was very accommodating and kept the room immaculate. The only minor problems were that we had to ask for washcloths, and from the hotel photos, it looked like there were supposed to be bath robes, but there were none. No big deal. Ok, that's the good. Now the bad. We found the hotel staff to be not very accommodating, and most of the time acted as though it was a bother for them to be asked anything. This happened time and time again, from the bell staff to the front desk, concierge, pool and casino staff. Here is one example: the hotel has guest laundry; the change machine was not working. It was close to the pool, so I went to the pool bar to get change. NO! To the front desk. NO! To the casino - yes but not very happily. Four outlets before I could get a dollar's worth of quarters!!Also, everything in PR is extremely expensive. Drinks and food at the pool are ridiculously priced, and here again, the staff very mediocre. Tip: one of the best and cheapest things on the menu are the empanadillas.All in all, we found Puerto Rico to be not a very hospitable place. The past 2 vacations have been spent in Mexico, and the difference is amazing. In MX, we were made to feel like people were genuinely happy to see us, the prices were always reasonable, and food always good. My advice: skip PR altogether and go to Rivera Maya. Oh, and one last thing. We are not complaining or picky people, but our experience in PR was not a great one. I hope yours is better.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	2	5	5	4	4	1	2	

<Author>Triskel Bay
<Content>Health Hazard dont recommend The new rooms were nice but not clean. Maids dont do a good job. There are also several building code violations in areas that are supposedly already remodelled. Room dont have working fire alarms or phones. Hallway and public bathroom ceilings have mysterious leeks and the tile is falling through. This would happen daily in a new spot. And the water leaks are showing up in the middle of the building nowhere close to a window. The conference rooms have a MAJOR MILDEW infestation. If you are allergic to this you cant even sit in the room it is so bad. Aside from the smell you can SEE it VISIBLY growing on the ceiling. We had people not attend the conference in rooms because of this. There were live and dead rats/mice around the pool area. The beach front is public and right by a main trafficway bridge so it seems a little poluted and not relaxing at all. Overall, this place just isnt good for your health to stay at. Even with the reconstruction, it wont do any good. The bones of this building are horrible.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>ceb3124
<Content>Condado a good choice for young travelers The Condado Plaza had amazing beautiful rooms (in the Ocean Wing) with Huge Fluffy beds. And the balcony views are nice too, but the surf can get a little loud at night. The construction was obvious, but did not impact our stay in any way. One complaint- there seems to Always be a line at the front desk. The elevators went down our last day there, but i'm sure it was a freak thing. The beach and many pools are nice, but food/drinks at the swim up bar can be costly.Overall, I recommend this hotel to anyone looking to be really active and social. From the pools to the beach to the casino, the Condado is a pretty nifty place!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>granite_girl
<Content>Beautiful and swanky, but expensive and they nickle and dime you This is a gorgeous hotel in a great location. The rooms are so awesome. Very modern and attractive. Super comfortable beds, very cool glass wall showers, good lighting, all just really nice to walk into after a long day of travel or work or beach slothing. The lobby is beautiful too. The pools are very nice and with a view of the ocean. I only ate breakfast there but it was great. Cons: Very expensive. I had a special rate and it was like $175. Yes, it was high season. But still! And they nickel and dime you here. Yes, they have parking but it'll cost you $10/day. Yes there is breakfast but you have to pay for it. Yes you can use the internet but you have to pay for it. You'd think for $175+ you could get a little something thrown in! Also, the bar is in the casino, which wasn't my thing. For me, after a long trip and I get checked in, I want to go sit at a relatively mellow bar, have a drink and unwind. Loud clanging casino sounds was not what I had in mind. Maybe they had another bar open earlier in the evening - I don't know, but the casino bar was not so great. The bartender was nice though.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>brownfro
<Content>Stylish -n-Modern       Pool Side  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>readytoseetheworld
<Content>It's about perspective. . . draw your own conclusions!       waterfall in rainforest  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvrgetaways
<Content>Construction and noise all around!! I knew there was construction going on at the hotel, but I didn't think it would be so bad...well, it was!! We were told that construction was done between the hours of 9am and 7pm. On our 2nd morning we were waken up by hammering and drilling at 7am....now who wants to wake up at 7am while on vacation?? I called the front desk and complained to the supervisor and she said she was going to send security to have the workers stop since they weren't suppose to begin until 9am. Well at 8:15 the noise was still going on and by that time I was up anyway so I went down to the front desk to complain further. But I was pleased at the response I got from the clerk...she was very apologetic and offered us a change in room from a city vista (very small, with no view) to an ocean view room, which was alot bigger and with a nice view. Only 1 elevator worked. Not many restaurants to choose from. Just an Italian restaurant and Tony Roma's. Our experience was not so great, but we made the most of it and spent most of our days by the pool.  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>DCMundo
<Content>Nice Rooms, Lousy Service, Lots of Noise I stayed here for 5 nights to attend a work convention, so had no choice on hotels. I was dreading my arrival after reading so many bad reviews on here. I was somewhat relieved when I got to my room and found a newly renovated and decorated room with two big comfy beds, a huge bathroom with glass shower, and a nice balcony. Biggest problems: maid service is lackluster and late (one day they never cleaned our room even though we were out of the room with the Please Clean Room sign on the door for six hours), only one elevator was operating, and there is a LOT of jack-hammering and drilling noise throughout the hotel due to their renovations.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VAgirly
<Content>Great city hotel We stayed at the Condado Plaza from April 23-29, and overall had a great experience. Be prepared though..it is definitely a city hotel, and if you are looking for a quiet secluded getaway, stay outside San Juan. This is also a big conference hotel, and I would say not a particularly romantic getaway, but overall very nice.I thought they did a great job renovating the rooms; a bit of an Asian flair instead of your typical caribbean theme, very comfy beds (no wierd smell on our pillows), huge bathroom and about a 3x3x3 foot glass shower with amazing water pressure. The shower leak was not a leak, per se, but water seeps out between the door hinge. Not a problem..just put a towel down. We had no problems with a/c, or the safe. The only problem we had with the room was that we were in the ocean tower facing the street, on the 9th floor. Construction on the other building did not bother us at all, but the traffic could be heard even with the door closed. In fact, cars driving by were so noisy at 11:30 on Sat. night we had to close our door to go to sleep. I would spring for the ocean view so you can hear the waves instead of the traffic!The concierge's were both VERY helpful, recommended some great restaurants, and got us set up with a rental car just down the street which we took to El Yunque and Bacardi. I definitely recommend renting a car for this rather than doing the tours. Also, wear your swim suit and towel to El Yunque..you can swim in the waterfall!The beach was not as bad as some say..it was pretty empty except for one day when a bus load of small kids came by for about 1/2 hour. We just headed up to the pool, which was very nice. The beach is on the lagoon, so there are no waves to ride, and there is a bridge with a fair amount of traffic right next to the beach. It wasn't that bad, but if you want to walk for miles on a secluded beach, this was not the place. Other than the beach, the location of the hotel was great. Old San Juan was about a 35 minute walk, or there is local bus stop right next to the beach. If you walk down the block there are MANY great local restaurants...our favorite was ROPA VIEJA, a Cuban/Puerto Rican place that was always crowded just a little ways down from the hotel. The Italian restaurant at the hotel was good, and so was the pool restaurant. Personally, I thought the drinks at the pool bar were expensive and did not have very much alcohol in them. Here's a great tip....there is a little convenience store just next to the hotel. We got a jug of Bacardi at the distillery, and stocked up on mixers at the store and made our own drinks!! We also tended to grab breakfast either at that store or at Starbucks next to the lobby (very convenient). Oh, and be warned, its hard to find decaf coffee down there! Overall, I thought this was a great hotel!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Wahlumgirl
<Content>Would Definately Return to the Condado Plaza We stayed at the Condado April 26-May 2 (just got back and still feel like we're on vacation). I, too, read a few negative reviews initially but was impressed about the hotel's concern for these reviews and just had a good feeling about it...so I took a chance and booked the room anyway.We loved it! First of all, we had reserved a City Vista room, and since they are doing renovations on that tower of the hotel, they just decided (before we even arrived) to give us an ocean front room. The view was absolutely stunning...as was the room itself. It was EXACTLY how it looks online...minimalist but very nicely appointed...and the bed was super comfortable. The bathroom was huge, and although there was no tub, there was a see-through shower big enough for two (make sure you get in before you turn the shower on or it WILL leak on the floor). It had a refrigerator and a safe, both of which came in very handy.The employees were all very attentive and made us feel at home...from the bar to the front desk to the restaurants...they were all very professional and truly seemed to enjoy their jobs.Ok, so what were the issues we had? Our room had just been completed not long before and our phone was not hooked up yet...when I mentioned this to the front desk they immediately wanted to move us to another room, but since my husband and I had our cell phones we opted not to. And, one of the elevators was out of service for a couple of days. Two more things...if you're looking for a huge beach to people-watch on, this hotel may not be for you. Because Condado is on the Atlantic side of the island, the water is rough and the hotel's beach lies against a lagoon on the west side of the hotel. It's a small beach, but very quaint, and more than roomy enough, I thought. And, there is a 24 hour Subway about 500 feet from the hotel in case you get super late-night munchies. Trust me, that comes in handy. (-:Had a great time and would DEFINATELY stay there next trip!  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>piercefire
<Content>Great Experience       Pool area  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>smb523
<Content>Beach is way to Public I went this past weekend for a girl鈥檚 weekend, and I would have to agree with some of the reviews, our room was renovated but we also heard that load thud every time the AC went on. Also in the morning鈥檚 we could hear the construction workers. Pillows had a weird smell that no one could figure out?? The worst part of the Hotel was the Beach, it's directly below an old bridge, so if you want to lay out all you hear is the sounds of Locals shouting or Honking there horns, not a fun way to relax. The beach was so bad, that we all ended up going to another beach on the Island. I believe that if the hotel continues to make improvements, and somehow can move the beach around to the other side, where no one can see them, then I would maybe consider going back.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>NyLcav
<Content>Disappointed We stayed at the Condado on April 2-April6 2007. Our room wasnt ready so we went down to the pool area to eat lunch and they had no more ketchup. We werent told of a leisure time tour going on and if I had known I wouldnt of stayed there. My family was ignored and we were told that the beach chairs we wanted to sit on were reserved for the tour meanwhile we walked by and passed over 40 chairs that had towels,magazines,water bottles, frisbees and pool toys for the tour guests. We were told we could go the end of the pool area where there wasnt any table or umbrella for us. Meanwhile they had a whole pool exclusively for them. The best was a staff member came over to my kids and handed them a flyer to come to the pool area that night to watch a dive in movie at 8: 30 we went down to be told it was private. How do you think my kids felt? The experince of feeling ignored and mistreated is very unpleasant. I wouldnt recommend this hotel. When we checked out the woman didnt seem to care when I told her of our stay.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	3	5	4	4	3	1	3	

<Author>monte123
<Content>Beautiful hotel       Oceanside hotel view  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>TravelerMD
<Content>Beware of "Renovated" Rooms Although this hotel appears to be improving, I would strongly recommend you not stay until ALL of the renovations are complete and the kinks are worked out of the system. I was there for 3 nights, and every night we had a problem with our room. The air conditioning was broken and we had the choice of either freezing to death or sweating. On top of that, when it did work, about every 30 minutes there was a terrible rattling sound that came from the air conditioner. Engineering came to our room every night and said this was normal. Our toilet also stopped working at various points, since apparently they shut off the water without telling the guests! The final kicker was that we went to open our terrace door only to discover that it had never been attached to the wall!! Someone literally just placed the door in the frame and prayed nobody would try and open it!This property seems like it has the potential to be nice, but right now I would stay away. I will say that the staff did the best that they could (switching our rooms multiple times), but they have been dealt a bad deck of cards and can't be expected to fix construction defects.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	2	-1	

<Author>kara030902
<Content>Great Vacation       Great room!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>executivetile
<Content>1 of the best all around locations in PR I would like to say A Big Plus I stayed at the condado Plaza for 6 months I was working construction there in PR .Durring my stay The hotel went under renovations .The staff was allways helpfull The staff do there best just ask!! thay even got me rolling stones tickets(Thay played in san juan).Thay got my mail haled me countless taxis.Thay hade there hands full (Due to the construction) The up grades were long needed. There doing a fine job. The hotel was and is very clean.But of course the room rates went way up about mid. renavation of the hotel. As always food is very expensive as at all carib. hotels .There are many great average price restarants steps from the hotel. Chili's, sizzler,Tony romas no taxi needed!! When you come out the front go to your left down the street(Ashford Av.) just past a parking lot there is a great breakfest place. It is in a mexicen food place .Thay serve a great american breakfast 5.00 cant beat it . I made many friends at the Plaza. (Renavations are nearly compleate now ). I am returning to PR in nov.2007 I Have booked my room at the plaza can't wait!!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PatRat,Original
<Content>Condado Plaza Must Read Review!       View from pool area  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>opiel
<Content>Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino This was our second time staying at this resort hotel in San Juan. We stayed last year for 2 nights before our cruise and this year we stayed 3 nights before and 1 night afterwards.The guest rooms are all being updated and renovated. We were in a renovated red room. Very large, modern and clean. Definitely upscale.The grounds of this resort hotel are beautiful - right on the ocean with the water crashing on the waves. There are 2 pools, one with a swim up bar and 2 whirlpools. There is also a sand beach right off ofthe property.All of the San Juan hotels have gone non-smoking. Currently there is an outside terrace that smokers can use with ash trays provided. The only downside of this property is the price of their alcoholic beverages. Our room was not ready at check in so we thought we would go to the outside bar for a drink. A pina coloda and a specialty island drink came to a small fee of $26.00. Overall experience was excellent!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KWTravel
<Content>Nice property that is on its way up. We stayed at this property from March 22-March 25, 2007. The property is stil under renovations. We were giving the best available room at the Internet rate and thus spent the first night in the Lagoon Wing. The decor was really nice in the room - yellows, blues and greens. From the balcony, you could see the water. However, the room only had a stand up shower and thus the bathroom was a little clastrophobic for me. At 10 pm on the first night, we get this note saying that the water will be turned off teh next day from 9am to 4:30 p.m. So, whatever plans we might have had to lounge around in the room late or whatever - we suddenly had to nix. The water didn't come back on at 4:30. It didn't come back on at 6:30. That means no toliet, no water, no shower after about 3 hours of that - that was enough. I couldn't believe the hotel put us over there in the first place if they knew that was going to happen. We were finally switched to the Ocean WIng - which looks exactly like the picture on the hotel Web site.The room was much bigger and nicer. The property itself was very nice. It is in a great location that is walking distance to great restaurants - ROPA VIEJA is about three blocks down and highy recommended. There are also nice restaurants on the property - complete with an ice cream parlor. Included in the resort fee is LIVE ENTERTAINMENT via the Casino Lounge every night at that was very nice as well. Kind of a cruise ship atmosphere . The pool was lovely and included a salt water pool, regular pool and jacuzzi. There are nice lounge chairs and hammocks all around.The beach was indeed on the property and a public beach, but it was still nice. All in all, we enjoyed our stay at this property. Shopping is nearby and the BUS 21 will take you to Old San Juan for $0.75.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cruze-lover
<Content>Pre and Post Cruise Stay We stayed at the Condado Plaza on 3/9, prior to a Southern Carribbean Cruise. The stay on 3/9 was best, had a room overlooking the ocean. The view was awesome. The room was nice, but the tile floors are cold and very noisy (especially during maid service next door and above). Make sure you get an armband to use the pool, the security guard was way overzealous. We walked out without one (we were not using the pool, just sightseeing) and were harrassed going to the private beach.Our stay on the back end was not quite as nice. We got there about 11am after we got off the boat. Major line to check in, they took our luggage, but we were told to come back at 11:30 to check in. We went to the Concierge at 11:30 (line still out the door for check in) and was told we should not have been told that, come back at 4. After checking at 4, we got a room on the street side (even though ocean was request). It was extremely noisy and to make matters worse, after coming in at 2am from Old Town, the whole room smelled of cigarette smoke. Even though it was a non-smoking floor, someone next door or above was smoking. We waited on hold for 30mins to talk to the front desk, and we were moved about 2:30am to the last room. Still on the street side but much quieter has it was higher up. Woke up very early to the maids cleaning other rooms (see above) and doors slamming.This hotel is not for light sleepers, however the location, ocean side rooms and pool area is great.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Montrealmomma
<Content>Wouldn't hesitate to reccomend this hotel We got an ocean view room, and the renovation is really nice. Quite cool rooms. duvets , nice bed linens, and good size bath towels .Just make sure that you don't get a room cross the street as it is in renovation and very noisy now. The 2 buildings are connected by a skyway above the street. It's also situated near a nice stretch of restaurants. beware when you make the reservation, instead of using my credit card to guarantee the room, they actually charged me a full nights stay before I got there, and I really do NOT like that. Down the street, quite close, there are many restaurants available; we had an awesome diner at a cuban/puertorican restaurant not 3 minutes from the hotel (can't remember the name). And if you are thinking of visiting Old San Juan, consider walking one or both of the ways. The clerk at reception told us we couldn't possibly walk; it would take 1 1/2 -2 hrs and goes through a bad part of town. We walked back and it took us 40 minutes and was quite a nice walk.Also some advice; for the small flights around the carribean, only the first 2/3 of passsengers to check in are guaranteed a seat on the plane. the balance are automatically all on standy by based on the weight restrictions of the plane. We were the last 2 passengers allowed on our San Juan-St Kitts flight, the rest (6 people) weren't allowed on. I recommend that you check in early if you don't already have your boarding pass and are in transit.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whuntw
<Content>Convenient and relaxing       View from beach of Lagoon and Atlantic  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelmere
<Content>February break The previous negative review has prompted me to respond. My college age daughter and I planned a short visit to Puerto Rico for her well deserved February break . We chose the Condado for its proximity to the airport and the fact that we would not need to rent a car, and, the price was right. Also, we took a nonstop flight from Boston and we were basking in the sun in no time at all. First, always do your research before you choose a hotel. Yes, the beach is public, and very small, however, it's not a surprise if one actually pays attention to the information provided by the hotel and tripadvisor. Before we left, we emailed the hotel to ask for a renovated room. It was lovely, clean and quiet, looking out over the ocean. I researched a couple of restaurants and checked with the professional and helpful concierge, Jean Pierre who would either agree or suggest another choice that my daughter might prefer. He would make the reservation and when we appeared at his desk, he would escort us to a taxi and give the driver the address. Delirio's, Dragonfly and Pikayo were all different and delicious. For breakfast, walk down the street and sip your tea or coffe at Hacienda Don Jose, where you can have eggs, toast, and OJ for around $5.00 or simply order tea and toast and read. It's a tiny neighborhood cafe where the windows open up over the ocean. (TripAdvisor idea, of course)..The Condado is really trying to please....and by the way, there is construction all over San Juan...a necessary part of keeping the city revitalized and beautiful. And, always take some time to do your travel research...it's so easy .  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NancyWoburn
<Content>Do no go here There are several better places to stay in San Juan. If you are going on vacation, this is not the place to go. This is more for a business convention.My travel agent told me that this hotel would be completely renovated when we got there. The hotel was not even close to being completely renovated.When we arrived I felt like I was in Iraq. There was a crane right outside my bedroom that went up and down the entire side of the building. The room was dirty.They finally moved us the next day to the building that was renovated. However, there was work being done upstairs and all I could hear was jackhammering all afternoon. My travel agent also told me that this hotel had a better beach than the Caribe Hilton. The beach in fact was a public beach and every afternoon busloads of school kids were dropped off.The casino was very dingy.The power went out three different times when I tried to use my hair dryer, and every day I had to get my room key reprogrammed. This was a terrible vacation experience.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>krosas
<Content>Great Location; Wait until construction is over. My husband and I stayed at the Condado Plaza for 3 nights pre cruise. The location couldn't have been better. It was close to Everything!! We were Very hesitant to stay here due to some of the reviews we read and with all of the remodeling taking place. I called three times before our arrival to make sure the stories were all the same; construction only took place between 9am 鈥?6pm, and there was an empty floor left between the occupied floors and the construction floors. When we checked in, the staff was pleasant; the man who checked us in was young and didn鈥檛 have a lot of information on the sites around us, but was able to refer us to the concierge desk. We had a long day of travel and decided to call it a night and meet up with the concierge the next day. We headed across the bridge to our room. We were met with construction. It was ok though; everything was blocked off as it should be and looked relatively safe. We got to our room, it was what we expected, a room in major need of renovation, but it was clean and seemed well put together. That night, we were awoken several times to things dropping outside the hotel. At 2am I went out on our balcony only to find construction workers dropping heavy items down to the first floor to load in dumpsters. The noise continued for most of the night. So much for only doing construction between 9am and 6pm! We spoke with a lady at the front desk the next morning who told us to check in around 6pm and she would move us to the newly renovated tower; for the same government rate! We were thrilled and surprised. A lot of the reviews state how rude and not helpful the staff are; we were pleasantly surprised! The newly renovated room was outstanding. They really have done a nice remodel to the new rooms.Areas of concern:The concierge desk needs major help. We wanted to book the biolumiscent bay trip and nobody could tell us how/when to do it. We were told that there probably weren鈥檛 enough people going so we couldn鈥檛 go. We asked if this was confirmed, and the guy just kept telling us, don鈥檛 plan on going. We went over to the Hilton Cribe (across the bridge) to have a drink and ran into their travel desk/concierge. I guess that is why they are at the Hilton, over the top nice and they were able to book our tour for us. We found the folks at the concierge desk at the Condo Plaza seemed more interested in each others plans for the night than actually helping the hotel guests. Restaurants:Please, if you do not have a certain restaurant within your hotel, Take Down the Sign!!! The only restaurants within the hotel are an Italian restaurant and Tony Roma鈥檚 although everything around the hotel shows they have four restaurants!! The restaurants leave something to be desired. We tried them both, and I think we would have rather starved. There are other great options right across the bridge or in the Condo area outside the hotel and to the left. Overall, once all the renovation was complete, we may consider coming back if the rate was reasonable.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>go2bch
<Content>Staff was wonderful We booked our trip through Site 59 as we went last minute. After being delayed by Delta more than 8 hours and arriving without baggage we were met by an amazing staff at the hotel. They put us in a beautiful ocean view room that was recently renovated (NOT part of our site 59 package) as we were exhausted. The staff at the front desk (David) were so kind that they started our stay there so well. From that point on we only can give the staff rave reviews. Everyone from the pool staff to the women that worked in the shop (we had to get clothes) were amazing. It is clear that the staff is trained well. Great location..a quick cab or bus (only 75 cents) to Old San Juan...nice grounds/pools and views. We would go back to the hotel again! Our hats are off to the management...they really made our quick trip to San Juan wonderful!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BCintron40
<Content>Wonderful We left El Conquistador in Fajardo for some much needed freedom to see the outside world. Our fear was several years ago I would not have recommended this place, but we took a chance. The hotel is under construction and the rooms are BEAUTIFUL!! We stayed from 2/14 till 2/17. Need to ask for a renovated room. There is construction going on across the street, but nothing to complain about and it didn't disturb us in the least. In fact, it entertained my 3 year old. Tons of restaurants and shops throughout this strip and not only is the food GREAT the prices are awesome. $6.00 for a full breakfast or El Angel where you get a full puerto rican dinner for as little as $12.00. Only problem is since it is under construction there were slight problems with the electricity, but they actually gave us a credit of $100.00 for this inconvenience. Regardless, my family and I can't wait to go back!! I just wish I could have gone to the casino located on the Mezzanine level. Seemed like one big party every night :::sigh:::::  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>NYCobalt
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location My husband and I stayed here for a long weekend. We had an ocean view room with beautiful views! Room looked exactly like the pictures on the website. Staff was courteous and helpful. The beach was small, but never crowded. There were two pools: one that was really shallow but had a swim-up bar and slide for kids and another, salt-water pool that was deeper, probably 6-8 ft or so. The hotel is not very far from Old San Juan. My husband and I went into that area quite often. It was a quick and easy drive. We also rented a car and had no trouble in the self-park lot underneath the hotel. Parking was $15/night which we thought was pretty reasonable.I did, however, have some concerns: - the hotel restaurants were horrible (the poolside restaurant was decent) and do not reflect the upscale feel of the hotel generally; you would do better to eat at one of the fabulous restaurants in Condado (all walkable), Old San Juan or at the nearby Caribe Hilton - the concierge desk could use some work; it would be helpful if the concierge had menus for the area restaurants available and had printed directions to some of the popular tourist spots like El Yunque, Bacardi Factory, etc. - the smoking; I can understand why smoking would be allowable in the casino and in the lounge, but at the pool, at the swim-up bar, in the lobby, etc. Not only is it nasty but again, it does not match the upscale feel that the hotel is trying to createOverall, though, I would still recommend Condado Plaza. The hotel is still renovating and I think that it will be an even better place to stay next season!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>hottieblondie
<Content>loved it all the way!!!       out look from the balcony  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>DameKane
<Content>Overall, a Pleasant Stay               More photos  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tbakas
<Content>hope it gets better! We stayed here one night pre-cruise with another couple, my brother and his wife. They are smokers and were told the only smoking rooms were in the old annex accross the street. When they got there they said it was a run down dump so went back to ask for a room in the main building. They were initially told that none were available but when they asked to speak with a manager, a room magically appeared. They were even given a better room than ours on the oceanview side of the building.Not only was the view better but they were not awoken at 6 AM like we were by the loud bullhorns and sirens from the hotel union protest right outside our window. This went on for 1 full hour. Apparently the hotel knew this was planned and had fliers outside our door in the morning(only on the streetside rooms) appologizing for the noise. When I complained that they should have told us about this before hand I was told they only found out in the morning (yeah, right). Anyway the manager Henry apologized and gave us a 50percent discount on the room rate.The hotel is undergoing alot of renovations so hopefully this will become the 4 star hotel it claims to be. The front desk employees are still in training so it took a full 15 minutes to check out because she didn't know how to apply the discount.The hotel is in a great location. The beach is so-so but a beautiful view from the restaurant where we had breakfast.The casino was okay but the dealer didn't seem like he was even paying attention at the roulette table so I took what wasleft of my money and left. Not a fun atmosphere in there at all.Overall I might stay here again only because I think it has potential and the location is good for pre-cruise stays. The new rooms are beautiful but our phone was broken and part of the lock on the door was missing. We thought the beds were very comfortable. The manager Henry was very good at making things right and he really does seem like he cares .  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>mcmarya
<Content>Great location, will be better when renovations complete       Condado Plaza Beach  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>melone925
<Content>Great time at the Condado My husband and I stayed at the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino from 1/25-1/31/07. The hotel is under renovation but remained fairly quiet. The poolside elevators were closed which was a little inconvient. We also had an issue with our room keys twice where we had to go back down to the front desk to have new ones made which was annoying. We had an ocean view room and the room was recently renovated and clean. The bed however, was very uncomfortable leaving us with many restless nights as well as overall soreness each morning. The pools were nice and staff very friendly. Be prepared to spend alot of money to eat at the resort. The first day we had 2 turkey wraps, shared an order of fries one frozen drink and a beer and total with tip came to $66 dollars. The other restaurants in the hotel were closed with the exception of the italian restaurant where the service was much to be desired. There are many restaurants within walking distance that are good and much much cheaper. If you are looking for a nice moderately priced place for dinner you must try Ropa Veija right down the street, The food and service were superb and by far the best meals we had on the island. The location of this hotel is great only 10-15minutes from Old San Juan. TIP: take the bus the bus stop is right outside of the hotel and its only 75cents each way versus 12 each way for a taxi. As far as the beach goes it was okay. Its a public beach and is small and a little rocky. Overall we had a great time and you cant beat the price. I would probably return to this hotel again but would also keep an open mind about other hotels in the area as well.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MyAdvice
<Content>Looks like hotel is on its way up again. I stayed at the Condado Plaza twice; once in 2000 for four days and once overnight in October 2006. The Condado has its own small (rocky) beach, a decent pool and is within walking distance of many places to eat.It is hard for me to get excited talking about my October 2006 visit as I was disappointed that this place was not the same place it had been in 2000. In 2000 this place had the feel of a five star resort. In 2006 it had the feel of a three diamond hotel.The good news is that the price was fairly cheap (for San Juan) and the hotel represented good value for the money. The hotel is remodeling, so I expect the condition to improve a great deal. Hopefully the hotel will remain a good value for the money even after the remodelling.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>HasTheTravelBug
<Content>Spectacular View! My husband and I took our best friend to San Juan for a long weekend to relax and get away from our corporate lives. We had a BLAST!Check-in was a breeze.... We arrived at 4:30pm on a Friday and waited about two minutes for the next front desk agent, David. David was super polite and helpful, and our room was ready. We were given yummy cracker/cookies with guava flavoring (a nice touch!) and headed to our room on the 8th floor.We stayed in room number 818 and had an EXTRAORDINARY ocean-front room. We were right on the water and absolutely loved the room. We had a remodeled two-bed room and found everything in working order (we used the safe with no problems, the telephone worked just fine, and made tea and coffee each morning).Our room was comfortable, clean and stylish.We ate at the Italian restaurant our first night and had a beautiful table right by the window and enjoyed the sunset. Our waiter was so attentive and good to us; we felt spoiled! The food was okay..... My husband's chicken dish was better than my lasagna. The wine was very reasonably priced. It was a nice way to start our weekend!We had some cocktails at the casino lounge, and the drinks were a bit pricey. However, you are at a resort property, and it wasn't more expensive than anything in New York or a high-end bar in Las Vegas. We didn't have good luck at the casino, but had a nice time anyway!There is a little gift shop on the first floor that sells all kinds of stuff.... We wanted to have a few beers and spent $5 for each bottle (we joked about the $30 six-pack!). The woman at the register told us they are not part of the hotel, so they charge pretty high rates for beverages. The next day we discovered some local convenience stores with much more affordable prices!Our room was cleaned each day after we left, and everyone we encountered at the property was polite. We were very well taken care of!We walked through Condado (take a left after you exit the front doors) and sat in a lovely park one afternoon.Old San Juan is a lot of fun and we enjoyed the little restaurants.We had a great weekend and would recommend the Condado Plaza to anyone looking for a larger resort and the amenities that come with this type of property (pools, casino, room service, etc.).Many thanks to the staff who made us feel so welcome!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>The_Skier
<Content>Great Time in Puerto Rico I recently stayed at the Condado Plaza for winter vacation. I was so pleased with the rooms. They were brand new and beautifully furnished. My kids loved the flat screen tv, my wife loved the view and i loved the internet so i could stay connected to my office. The staff was very helpful and was there for us whenever we needed some help. The hotel is convieniently located near old San Juan. The pools were great and well maintained and my kids had a fantastic time going down the water slide for hours.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sealevel000
<Content>ghetto fabulous We experienced many problems at this hotel including:A non-working phoneA safe that was not secured to the wallNo internet accessPoor elevator accessA protest by the hotels union at 6 AMA fire alarm at 5 AM the next morning And the continental breskfast was very bad.Also other guest had to deal much worse problems including flooded rooms and lost reservations. It's no wonder a major chain dropped their brand from this hotel.The pool area was nice but the beach was a very small public beach. The ocean view rooms which had a nice view. Also the renovated rooms (make sure you ask for a renovated room in the OCEAN WING) did look pretty, but it did not make up for the many problems we experienced on our trip. I would not stay at this hotel again under any circumstances.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>NBaker
<Content>Beautiful Room - Fabulous Location Condado Plaza Hotel was a fantastic place to stay during my recent trip to Puerto Rico. I was there visiting a friend who was on business travel. I would definitely suggest this hotel to friends and colleagues that plan on visiting San Juan. The rooms were beautiful and housekeeping did a great job of maintaining the cleanliness during the week that I was there. The pool area was also beautiful and well maintained. The location is also great, it is very close to Old San Juan, within a short taxi ride or 45 minute walk. It is also very close to many great local restaurants. I would go running every morning and the area both around Condado and the surrounding neighborhoods are very clean and well kept and everything is beauiful. Visiting from Minnesota during the winter, the weather was more than amazing!I understand and saw that they are undergoing many renovations, but it is easy to see that it will be an even better place to stay when they are finished with construction. They did a fairly good job of keeping a lot of the construction out of immediate viewing and also well marked. Condado Plaza Hotel is not the only place undergoing renovations in Puerto Rico, there is construction everywhere, as it is a growing area and San Juan, Puerto Rico, as a city, is constantly undergoing construction/renovations.One suggestion that I would make is to the travel desk/excursion information/area. I did take a morning tour to El Yunque rainforest and was not very impressed with the travel guide or the quality of the tour. I am not sure if the hotel has a contract with certain guides, but the tour of the actual rainforest was very quick, with a long stop at one of the little souvenir/snack places on the way back, where the majority of the time was spent. I thought there would be more hiking and viewing of the rainforest, so I was disappointed. A suggestion would be to have an anonymous evaluation after the tours to help enhance this area. I was not sure the main difference between the travel desk and the concierge desk, but another suggestion would be to have a more focused travel and excursion desk, as the majority of guests at the hotel are tourists and tourists look for readily available information. Customer service was also pretty good, you could tell that they were a little understaffed and busy during the time I was there, but everyone was very friendly and willing to help.Again, overall, the hotel was great, San Juan is a fabulous and fun city and there is a lot to do within San Juan and the surrounding areas. When I return to San Juan, I would definitely consider staying at Condado Plaza.Gracias.NMB  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>heltel
<Content>Good and Bad I decided to stay here in spite of all the bad reviews. Live and learn. My trip started out disastrously, as my laptop's screen was smashed when it fell off the rental car bus shelf. The lady at the business center at the Condado was spectacular. She found me a monitor and cable, called me when they were ready, and the next day I was back in business! I have never been treated so well. I was willing to overlook my flaky broken alarm clock (I didn't need it, the truck that came to move the big ugly construction dumpster from the front of the hotel came every day at 6am, like clockwork) and the broken cordless phone. Then disaster struck. I came back after work. No internet, neither tv worked either, apparently the construction guys had severed all ties. I called for help several times. Three hours later, an engineer arrived who could not fix anything. The woman at the desk was not surprised, showed no sympathy, and did not care in the least when I told her I would be checking out a day early to go to the Hampton Inn. Beautiful property, horribly mismanaged or unmanageable. Probably why Wyndham bugged out of there.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	5	-1	1	

<Author>womanatwork
<Content>I love the hotel!!!!!!!, New rooms awesome!!! I love the hotel, the new rooms are breathtaking, excellent staff, specially front desk and concierge, pool food is good, but too expensive, excellent ocean view i really loved!!!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>RMICHELLENY
<Content>Beautiful View This was our first time in the condado area. The hotel has been renovated and they really are doing a beautiful job. The rooms are beautiful huge balcony. The bathroom was huge with a walk in closet safe, small fridge, glass shower and powder room area. The room was big had a flat screen tv. We had a room overlooking the old san juan are just breath taking. The pools area is overlooking the lagoon and beach nice breeze. Close enought to old san juan we took a cab. The restaurants are a bit pricey especially the pool we had some drinks and sandwiches it ran us about 60 bucks. We walked nearby for breakfast and found this cute local restaurant there breakfast was 5.95 coffee and OJ includes food was good. The area in the condado which was an amazing place years ago is ubder contruction they are renovating all the the hotels in this area so they is construction going on but i did not hear anything at all. This place is really worth the stay. you are closer to old san juan than isla verde where those hotels are double the price. We are going back in January...  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>t134
<Content>Better every trip Just back from our trip to the Condado plaza. This was our third trip this year. The hotel has made improvements in all phases of the operation.The oceanvista rooms are very nicely decorated, the staff are very helpfull, and the casino is the best in San Juan. Keep up the good work and thanks for a wonderfull stay. We will return soon.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scottandrew75
<Content>Great Location - Potential for a Great Place       The Beach  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>stevilboy
<Content>You get what you pay for at the Condado My wife, nine year old daughter, seven year old son and I just spent four nights at the Candado plaza (we are from NJ). The room was cheap and the pool was fantastic. We are pretty seasoned island travelors and we did have a great time. However we are on the adventerous side and did our research beforehand and knew what we were getting into. The owners are fighting to maintain and renovate a giant Resort and they are losing the fight. This place needs big corporate Hotel money to survive. You could count on something breaking down. For us it was the main pool (which was a big bummer) but they fixed it and I tracked the fix from talking directly to the pool repair company (hotel/no straight answer). They needed a pump and of course the hotel didn't have an extra one or backup system. The main pool is THE attraction and if it ain't working just pack the kids up and move on. One of two elevators was off and on the whole stay and that made for long waits. I'm just warning the people who think they are staying at the El San Juan or something like Mandalay Bay. It ain't that at all. However there are great restaurants down the street that are stand alone operations with competive pricing and great quality. You can also just walk to Old San Juan and get some culture. The Beach at the Condado is a public thing on a questionable lagoon. But hey! Hundred bucks a night, great pool w/ a big slide that kept the kids going all day long. Clean rooms, great views, safe area, museums, forts, swim up bar, in room frig, bodega 100 feet away. Did I mention the pool? Hurry and get there before it falls in to the Ocean. We had fun and it was a very friendly place. Flip flops and your favorite button downs will do. You will find mostly locals at the dining establishments down the streets which is encouraging and they dress very well, however you might feel ridiculous with the official Bermuda uniform on if you know what I mean. Bottomline: Worth my money and vacation time.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	4	3	

<Author>M2685
<Content>Terrible Front desk service, left in tears The room and hotel was very nice, when I first walked in the room I loved the ocean view with balcony, although there was a butter knife and fork on one of the beds. Front desk personnel had the I don't care will no t help you attitude it was very dissapointing and fustrating disputing erroneous room charge that took half and hour to resolve upon check out finally left the hotel in tears. The pool was mostly empty no water in it for the most part of the 4 days I stayed there. And the only day there was water in the pool the pool personnel was not friendly at all they did not offer any towels while they were standing at the towel booth just staring at you, It felt very unwelcoming went to the room to get towels. The parking is too expensive and seems to be overcrowded with cars from people who don't even stay at the hotel just there fot the casino. For the price you pay to stay at the hotel and the bad customer service parking should be free. Loved the room and hotel itself , . Coffee maker did not work in room took a day or 2 to replace after several calls. Maids were nice. Would stay there again if they had friendlier competent people working there, staff that deal with concerns/complaints seemed disorganized or not properly trained. Had a hold on my credit card for days after checking out, which was told was to come off within hours, I made reservation with credit card paid cash upon check out.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>n0clule
<Content>Ok, but the staff are not friendly Staffs are not friendly and there's a poop in the bathroom when we checked in the room. Great location as there's a bus stop right outside  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>TwistedInNYC
<Content>A Bad Start to a Good Ending Okay...1st....We were guaranteed an early check-in because our flight arrived at 10:30 am...That didn't happen until about 3: 30 pm.....Then they put us on a side where all construction was going on.....The bellman advised us that we might hear some noise...I am an early riser especially when I am vacationing, but if I wanted to sleep 1 morning, I didn't want to hear construction going on....(That was for room # 1)...(Room # 2)....At about 4:15 pm, they switched us to the other side of the hotel which was fine...needless to say the room had an aroma of good provolone cheese(the taste is good but smells rotten...lol)..Housekeeping said they would spray the room, but that wouldn't work being that I had a 9 yr old with bad allergies and asthma with us....(Room # 3)....Roughly Roughly 4:45 pm....We were exhausted from being at the airport from 4:30 am...a nap would have been nice...That didn't happen either....We were told to wait in the room until they found another...(Room # 4).......Finally, after I was complaining and very irate...They gave me an upgrade free of charge...The room was very nice, no smell, and there was room to walk around...So bottom line is that they did do the right thing, but over all I wouldn't recommend the hotel....Eating is off the wall...A breakfast buffet is $21 pp, beer by poolside is between $5  $7 per beer, frozen drinks are about $8 with barely a taste of rum...I haven't been in PR in about 10-11 years and now I figured out the reason...I don't see myself going back anytime soon.Regards,Twisted IN NYC  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	5	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Isis10
<Content>Reformed Opinion! I have stayed at the Condado Plaza before, and I absolutely hated everything about it. It was humid, smelled mildewy, everything the other reviewers complained about.This time, I got bumped from the Inter-Continental and I ended up having to stay at the Condado Plaza. Well, needless to say, I was very annoyed. But when I walked into my room, I was pleasantly surprised!We had a small, but comfortable room, and though they were willing to upgrade, we stayed put because we had already unpacked. The staff was helpful, friendly and courteous. I can't say enough about the housekeeping staff, they were awesome! Now the food in the hotel is terrible! BUT it's Puerto Rico... get out and enjoy some of the local restaurants and the delicious food in Condado and Old San Juan.Okay, the pool needs to be cleaned... but everything else... FANTASTIC! And when they finish this renovation in December... I will be BACK!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>shlee10
<Content>Fantastic Experience-don't let these bad reviews ruin your vacation! First of all, lets just say that San Juan is beautiful! My boyfriend and I just got back from a weeks stay at the Condado. I had been reading all of these reviews up unitl my trip and was becoming more and more concerned that this hotel was going to be just awful and dissapointing. This just goes to show that you can not believe everything you read. Yes, the Condado hotel along with the Condado area is all under construction-but you are very rarely affected by this. We had booked the bahia vista (lagoon view) room and right now they are doing construction on the Ocean tower so we did not hear any noise or get disturbed. When I entered my room, I wasn't exactly pleased-the room was small and not what I expected, but we called the front desk and they nicely upgraded us to a city vista sweet on the top floor for no extra charge. This was spacious andc loveley-no complaints.  We did eat once in the hotel and the food does suck-there are so many restaurants down the street and in old san juan that are much better and not at all inconvienent to get to. The pools at the Condado are wonderful and the grounds are breathtaking. The pool bar actually makes the best frozen drinks that I had In San Juan. They have a great fitnes room if you like to workout and a really nice steam and sauna room which is usually very private. The concierge was always helpful with answering our questions about buses, restaurants, and activities. Vacation is what you make of it-if you want to complain then you will surely find things about the Condado Hotel to complain about, but if you relax and enjoy what is offered I'm sure you will be pleased. If there is a problem just ask them nicely to fix it-i'm sure they will try to accomodate you! I would go back-the location is great!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>SDAtlanta
<Content>Okay, not fantastic, would not choose as my vacation location       to right of our room (notice VERY small "balcony" - get room with big balcony where you can...  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>offthebeatentrack
<Content>Rip off This was the worst place we stayed in Puerto Rico. The hotel is run down and overpriced. The ceiling in the bathroom was full of mold and midew. The carpet and couches in the room were old, smelly and dirty. Don't order room service, the food was terrible and extremely expensive. The japanese restaurant in the hotel was terrible. There are great places to eat down the street. The lagoon and pool were nice, but crowed and loud. It would be a nice spot for kids. The service was lacking as well, I was not once greeted or smiled at by a staff member for our entire three night stay. We had drinks at the casino lounge. The server passed by us at least three times ignoring us until I finally flagged her over. The service was extremely slow, and she never smiled, or even looked at us when she delivered our drinks. We did not feel welcome at all. There were only three other couples sitting down. They had a live band playing in the lounge, we had fun salsa dancing. We then ventured around the island and had some very pleasant expirences. I would never stay at this hotel again or recomend it to anyone. I would stay in old San Jaun area instead, it's much nicer. The South Coast was the most beutiful part of the island. Tres Sirenas and the Horned Dorset in Rincon are the best places to stay.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	2	1	3	

<Author>boysrus3
<Content>very disappointed Very disappointing trip. My family of 4 had booked a double bed room and was very surprised to find they gave us a king room. What was more surprising was the response of I don't care by the not so friendly man at the front desk. Obviously this hotel does not have any customer service classes for its employees. We were never given another room and had to make do with what we had. We also received a note under our door one day saying we would not have hot water that day. The service was definitely lacking. The people were very unfriendly and could care less that you were spending hundreds of dollars at their hotel. The pool was nice and that was about it. I strongly suggest you look for another hotel. I would never go back here.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>mika71
<Content>Noisy But Nice My Aunt and myself checked in on 07/14/06 and was given a view of the parking garage. I called the the front desk and we were moved to the ocean front of the hotel(much better. We unaware of the remodeling of the Hotel so the latest we slept every morning was 8am. The construction workers were lined up and ready to start every Morning at 9am sharp!!!!! On two occasions they turned the water off so you could not take a shower between the hours of 9am and 4pm. This was unacceptable for 229.00 a night. I called the manager and she comped us for two nights and changed our daily rate to 179.00. Overall, I would stay here again, the POOL was lovely and the presence of the security guards were on TIME!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK, but a bit shabby Our family stayed at the Condado Plaza for a wedding, so we got the base group rate of $140, plus hotel  resort taxes for a total of $175 for an ocean-side view. The room was a decent size with a huge walk-in closet, dressing area, small refrigerator, bathroom and balcony. The hotel's undergoing renovation, as is much of the Condado area, so our furnishings were a little tattered and worn. The pools are nice, but beach access is very limited. The water is calm here, which is nice for small children, but not good for those looking to ride the waves or take long walks on the beach. Avoid the pricey and standard-fare hotel restaurants and walk over to the Cafe del Angel for delicious and well-priced Puerto Rican dishes, such as mofongo (mashed and fried plantains) with fish or shrimp. There's also good sushi across the street from the hotel. For a treat, there's a nice ice cream parlor in the hotel's mezzanine across from the casino. Parking is an extra $15/night, but you can rent a car from Charlie's down the street and pay only $5/night to park nearby. Taxis are expensive, but the Condado Plaza is closer to Old San Juan than the hotels in Isla Verde, though it's a trade-off, since the beaches are better there. Next time I'd stay in Old San Juan or Isla Verde as the Condado area currently does not have much to offer.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Experience       Tunal to walk to Casino  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Expatgirl07
<Content>Not impressive Rooms were not that great, but bed was comfortable. The entire hotel seems dated (although I know they are doing a much-needed remodeling), and dinghy. The food is almost inedible and the service (especially working with banquet catering) is horrible. Don't set a business meeting here unless you really want people to come away angry. The catering staff was difficult to deal with and noisy during presentations. Definately would not go back there.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>apirateslife4me
<Content>The Honest Truth  Dates June 1-6, 2006: (My third stay at this hotel) Upon arrival, I asked  received an upgrade from city view to an ocean front room. Front desk was very accomodating at all times. As for the condition of the hotel; renovations are underway. It is tired  definitely needs updating, but it is far from terrible. Bathroom needed cleaning when I checked in  it was taken care of promptly. The pool area is nice, but also showing signs of wear, as is the yard area. Don't stay here for the beach, it is very small, but it is a beach. However considering the price paid; the Condado Plaza is fine. My room was furnished nicely. (Actual furniture is showing wear) However, good TV  movie selection, refrigerator, safe, balcony, coffee maker  internet access in-room for a fee. There is a bus stop  public information area nearby the pool area. (Only .75 vs. $12 cab ride to town) No public internet when business center is closed on weekends. There are convenience stores, a Subway, Chilis,  several nice restaurants all within walking distance. Ate dinner @ the Italian restaurant in the hotel, service, food  price were good! (Unless you are looking for Subway's three for $10). Coffee shop in front of hotel. Casino was typical of Casino's, crowded, smokey,  noisey. Concierge was not very helpful on any shift. I think they were into the big bucks; not in helping me find a bus schedule. I visited many hotels in the Condado area, ALL are in need of updating, as is the whole Condado area. The Marriott seemed to be in the best shape w/ a Great bar, nice store, pastry shop w/public internet access, all in the Lobby area. There was entertainment, dancing  a nice casino area. I think I would stay in one of the more remote areas of PR on my next trip. The downside of renovations: A construction lift was assembled right outside my balcony  ran from 8 AM until 7 PM. The day before I checked out, they slipped letters under doors offering to relocate anyone who was inconvenienced. However It was a little late for me. When checking out I very politely asked for a manager (s)  showed them video of the view  noise. They were very apologetic  asked if they could remove my room charges (dinners, movies, etc) since I had prepaid. I was more than happy with the arrangement.The hotel is far from terrible  I have refused to stay in some hotels. Rooms  facilities are comparable to a nice Holiday Inn. Definitely not a 4-star resort, but I didn't pay a 4-star ocean front price either. Not the Beverly Wilshire or Waldorf AstoriaI I have stayed in both. I suggest that in making any requests or complaints be respectful  you will get better results, than the reviews I have read.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hell of an experience My wife and I stayed for the third time in (1) one year at the then (Windham Condado Plaza) for one week for our honeymoon. The second day of our stay we were without water to shower due to plubming problems in hour room., We left without taking a morning shower to return hours later. The front desk advised us Our plubming was fixed The next morning my wife and I jumped in the shower luckly, she stepped out first. I proceeded to shut the water when all but the hot scortching water came out full-forced on to my chest I flew out the shower on to my wife's feet catching more of the hot water on my back. The water was so hot that the smoke alarm went off and an evacuation of the floor was conducted. As the security was standing in the bathroom attempting to shut the water off (without success) the maintenence person showed up and to everyone's emazement he said and I quote I worked on the knob yesterday but the Hotel did not have the proper piece that goes there so put the knob piece back on without the part that goes in it. A report was made by security and both my wife and I reported the incident to the manager Evelyn cancel or ( Concepcion) to again be emazed to have lost the Ocean view and be sent to the Lagoon view and no help arrived to help us move our belongings. Again, The manager and security knew of my discomfurt and witnessed my redness on both my back and frontal chest area. As a busyness owner I did not persue legal action because mistakes do happen, however, my wife Kathyleen is planning our first Anniversary in August, 2006, and would like to go back for the fourth time (4) time to stay at the Condado Plaza because we actually enjoyed everything else about this Hotel; how do I continue to spent thousands dollars staying at this hotel to possibly have ourAnniversary ruined?Jose and Kathleen mercado Fairfield connecticutFor your record of our stay: Feb, April and August 2005 ., Kathleen Valadares  Jose Mercado, 446 Sturges road Fairfield, CT 06824.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reeree13
<Content>Don't be afraid to stay here We stayed at the Condado for 4 nights this May. I was a little concerned because of negative posts however we were very pleased. We had 2 adjoining rooms with an ocean view. The view was spectacular. The rooms were very large and clean. The coffee maker was very convenient and the refridgerator was great for cold drinks. I left a note and tip the first morning asking for extra toelws and they left more than needed. The beach was clean and I personally saw them cleaning it one morning. Our check in was quick and we filled out bill left under our door and left it at front desk so there was NO wait to check out. The concierge was very knowledgeable and got us a rental car for a day, booked the guys golf and got us reservations at Ramiro's, they were great. Saty in an ocean view room and I think you'll be pleased. We paid $225. per night per room with all taxes included, that was an AAA rate that I got by calling the hotel directly.I would stay there again!!  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bad reviews had us worried My sister and I returned from Puerto Rico last weekend after staying for five nights at the Condada. We had read alot of negative reviews. Since our experience there was positive, I felt the need to share that. Our room was ready on check in even though it was only 11and checkin wasnt officially till 3. The room we booked online is what we got. There was no mini bar in the room which was OK since some reviews said they were charged for it without using it. The room was very clean, has a large walk in closet and a safe for valuables. Although the carpeting in hallways looks a bit worn, it apppeared clean, no bad odor, and who spends time in the hallway anyway? Everyone employed there was friendly and helpful to us from the conceierge to housekeeping and including staff in the several restaurants. Walking down Ashford ave proved to be quite safe day and night..even at 3 in the morning after checking out the night life . The pool areas are very clean..drinks a little pricey..about 7 dollars. The beach which many wrote and said was so filthy was not bad..if you ever went to the beach in Atlantic City I would say its worse. Room service food is good but expensive. We ventured out for most meals but did eat at Tony Romas..excellent salads if you arent into ribs. We went into Old san Juan and found a great place for lobster. The casino is small in comparison to anything like Atlantic city or Vegas. The pool elevator was out of service the first day which made for a long walk..7 floors, but was fixed the next day.You can use your TV for checking out of the hotel..otherwise, you may stand in line for awhile.I dont reccommend you be in a hurry if you venture down the street a bit for the 575 breakfast..the view may be great, but service is slow. With everything there, i think culturally the natives are more laid back than Americans...so relax, take your time . Buy your alcohol at the san Juan airport. Also there is a little grocery store less than a block from the hotel for lunchmeats, bread etc to save a little money.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed with Hotel and Beach in Condado I just returned from Puerto Rico and stayed at the Condado for three nights. The room was dirty and run down. The phone in our room did not work and we had a hard time getting towel. The beach connected to the hotel was a public beach and was dirty and very rocky. The hotel pool was okay and the staff was pleasant. The hotel is far from mostly everything and we had to take cab everywhere. Next time I go to PR I'm definetly not staying here.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yoopergrl
<Content>Nice value For the money we spent, this was not too bad a deal: $141 per night for the weekend (mid-may) and $129 per night weekday. For the price, we received comfortable rooms with balconies, very nice views, refrigerators in the rooms, and friendly service. The rooms are spacious enough, and if you are lucky enough to get on the 9th floor, as we were, you may find phenomenal views of the city. The first time we stayed, we didn't have washclothes or a coffee pot in our room, and we had to call the front desk twice to get them, but other than that, this was a nice stay. I also recommend the family restaurant on the Mezzazzine that's open late.. Our waiter, Carlos, from Guatamala, was wonderfully nice and well-travelled.Next time I will probably stay in Old San Juan, because the area is more fun and interesting, whereas the Condado area is much more touristy and reminiscent of suburbia America, with its chain restaurants and lack of historical architecture or distinguishing historical elements.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amadeusfmg
<Content>Good Value, Good rooms, overpriced food We just returned from a 3 day stay at the Condado Plaza Hotel. It is an older hotel that has been upgraded many times. Our room was very clean, everybody was ultra nice and helpful, and theiair conditioning was the best hotel unit I have ever seen (after 50 years of extensive travels). The bathroom was small by todays standards but very nice with old style marble tiles and new plumbingand a fa shower. the room was m'ore value per dollar than i have seen elsewhere. OK, so the views ore not so spectacular, but for the price, ... My wfe tried the beach and was disappointed, but the pools were fine. If you want a good beach you can try any of the public beachs or pay #100 a night moreat a beach front hotel.Our primary gripe was that the food costs were a bit outlandish. The breakfast buffet, which is pretty good, but not outstanding was $21.95 per, plus.. That's 50 bucks for breakfast!! No way. But, with some advice from the concierge staff, we found a buncn of good restaurants a 2 minute walk from the hotel. For breakfast try Jose's Hacienda. Right on the water, literally, and full breakfasts for less than $6. For dinner, therre are 2 great places. the best known is Ajili Mojili. Great PR and Caribean food, expensive and worth every penny. Across the street and next to jose's is Ropa Veija, cuban PR. Fantastic place, doesn't advertise and fills up every night by 7:30. get there before that or be prepared to wait in the bar (Which is Ok, because they make a fabulous fresh Mohito).We ate there sveral times and each was better than the last, great food, good service and good wines.One last commenton the hotel. the casino has penny and nickel slots. Which unlike Vegas, pay lousy. We put 2 bucks into each type and the TOTAL return was twelve cents) In otherwords a 3% return and unb scrip not in coins, not the 95% that Vegas advertises. Also, the casino allows smoking, and reeks from it.overall, we liked our stay and would return, rooms and service better than expected.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChiefVacationOfficer
<Content>A Little Run Down, but ok Positives:It's in a good location, near a small beach, which is decent for snorkeling in the lagoon. The pool area is nice (2 pools, 2 hot tubs) and would be great for kids, as there is a slide. The service was friendly and the bed was comfy, although our favorite hotel restuarant, , Max's, was a little expensive. There were also good restaurant options (Ropa Vieja down the street is fantastic!)Negatives:The hotel is big-time worn down, at least the side that we were on (opposite of casino and main building). The rugs were coming up at the seams, the closet door kept falling off, and the bathroom was tiny. Oh yeah, and the rail on the balcony was unsteady! To add insult to injury, they play Richard Marx muzak on a loop in the lobby!We were on the city side, in one of the less expensive rooms. The other side may have been nicer. I wasn't impressed with the condition of the room and felt that it was very worn-down. There are a lot of new hotels going up in this area, and if the Condado wants to stay competitive, they'll definitely have to step it up a notch.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Overall I just came back from spring break in PR. Six friends and I stayed at the Condado. I want to give an extra special rating to the staff at the Condado. I left my laptop in the lobby when we checkied and went out all day and didn't notice it was gone until late that night. I live in NY so I was sure it was gone. However, when I went to the front desk later that night, it was waiting there for me. Plus the front desk had been searching for me all day, but of course I was out enjoying PR!However, like many of the reviews, I noticed some things that could be approved in regards to housekeeping. My comforter was stained and was the bed skirt. However, when I asked for new linens and comforter they were replaced immediately. Overall our stay was fine. To readers, considering the Condado if you're interested in staying at a moderately priced hotel, then you're in the right place. Its safe and close to everything. Its not five star, but you're also not paying for five star quality. My best advice is to adjust your expectations and be realistic about what you're willing to spend.  .  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BelsonGE
<Content>Wasn't crazy avout Condado My family booked at tripto Puerto Rico  stayed at the Condado Plaza. I booked a non-smoking lagoon front room with 2 double beds. A week before we left I called the hotel to be certain we had a non-smoking room as my son has asthma. We did not have a non-smoking room but the woman at the reception desk assured me this woud be fixed  we would be on a non-smoking floor. We got to the hotel, tired  hungry,  were shown to our room. The room next to us opened  a blue cloud of cigarette smoke billowed out. I told my husband to take the kids for something to eat  I would arrange for another room. At the front desk I was greeted with one of the most sullen people I've ever encountered. She said she had no more lagoon view rooms available that were non-smoking, all she had was an oceanfront. I questioned her as she didn't say this would be the same price  she responded Did you hear me? I said I was putting you in an ocean front room. I really was surprised to be spoken to in this manner  even said  I'm sorry if I've said something to offend you, but the room change was necessary for my son's health. We went up to the room  it was less than spectacular. Yes, it had an oceanview, once you looked past the asphalt rooftops  dirty drain water. The balcony was standing room only. The door lock was broken (they repaired it ). The air conditioner was leaking green goo onto the carpet long enough that the carpet fibers were worn through to the backing. There was a water leak in the ceiling tiles in the bathroom  2 more stained areas (no longer leaking) in our room,  the furniture was badly scarred  missing some pieces of wood. Other people we knew (it was an annual business meeting for surveyors that brought us there) said there rooms were much nicer. I can only conclude the surly girl at the desk believes in retribution. Also both surveyor dinners that were included had poor choices of food  actually ran out of food which took at least 1/2 hour to replace. On the plus side the Condado is in a good location  the majority of the people we encountered were helpful  friendly. I would return to Puerto Rico, but not the Condado  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceeded expectations! Despite some recent reviews which praised the hotel, I still went there with some dread, wondering if I would be saddled with a dirty room, etc. I must say that we were very pleased overall and had a great vacation. We chose the Condado Plaza because the rest of the hotels closer to the airport had negative reviews about the noise level of the planes flying throughout the day.The hotel occupies two buildings on either side of Ashford Avenue, which are connected by a walk-way from the casino. The main building (the one with the lobby) is towards the ocean and the building opposite is towards the lagoon. I asked to be shown two rooms and got to see the City Vista rooms in both buildings. The room in the main building was definitely run-down, with very old carpeting and worn out furniture. I prayed that the second room would be better and it was! I can only surmise that the people who wrote unhappy reviews got to stay in the City Vista rooms in tne main building. FYI, all City Vista rooms face the opposite buliding and from some, you can get a glimpse of the sea.Like some reviews mentioned, the concierges are not very helpful and are standoffish, but not rude. One gave me false information once - I had asked how much a taxi cost to go to Old San Juan and he said I did not need a taxi and could just walk the distance as it was right around the corner and about a 5-10 minute walk. It was lucky I asked the bellman for specific directions, because it turned out that it was a 5-10 minute RIDE in the taxi! The Condado beach is a public one and can be accessed by walking through the hotel, past the pools, or by the road. There is a person there to help you with the chairs. If you are a guest of the hotel, you do not need to pay the $4.00 to rent chairs. There are locals, at the beach, but for me, that was a great part of the charm. Puerto Ricans like to vacation with their families and it was wonderful to hear a new language, even if I did not understand it!. The beach is small and you cannot walk anywhere as there are rocks that form a barrier. On the bright side this is exactly what makes it safe for children to swim in those waters and there are fish that fish that my daughter chased around. Because of the rocks, the sand is not fine and you can get a scratch or two if not careful. It didn't bother me and we all went barefoot. The pools were on the smaller side and it was difficult to get chairs around the pool if you got there late. But the water-slide was great fun and the size of the pool was not an issue for me. The baby-pool is more like a fountain, but I was happy to have my little one wading in it, while watching my elder one at the water-slide.Old San Juan is to the right of the hotel. To the left of the hotel a nice walk, with some interesting shops, restaurants and convenient stores. A mile or so down to the left, is a nice, lively area with lots of people and restaurants. That is where the Radisson and the Marriott are located. Eating out is very expensive. We tried to find cheaper places to eat in, but the price in most places are fairly comparable. Since there is no sales tax on the island (good thing if you want to buy something from the Cartier, Dior close by), I suspect, restaurants make up for it. We were thankful to have Subway round the corner from the hotel and stocked up on snacks, orange juice and milk.Maid service was regular and a couple of requests we had were met promptly. When we interrupted the service however (we came for a quick change, when the maid was cleaning the room) it never got finished.Check-in and check-out were fast and efficient.Sure the Ritz is better, but I would have spent $350 a night there, as opposed to $150 a night at the Condado plaza.I would definitely stay at the Condado Plaza again, if we were to come back to the San-Juan area of P.R. It's proximity to Old San Juan (a $12 taxi-ride each way), but removed from the hustle bustle of the same, is very attractive. We went there every evening to eat and even tried this place called La Bombonera (unadvertised by tourist guides) which is a great little place with inexpensive and ethnic food; it also had some great pastries. There is a bus-stop to the left of the hotel, a minute's walk, where you can take a bus to the old city for a mere 75 cents and save yourself a nice bundle if you had the time. I took it twice and the bus drops you off at the pier in Old San Juan. Puerto Rico is a lovely place and we will definitely be back to the island again. It is thanks to my fellow tripadvisors that I got information that was useful and if anyone has any question, please feel free to write to me at cleocap@hotmail.comHappy trails!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not nearly as bad as they say!! Just got back from a 5 night, 6 day stay at the Condado Plaza with 2 of my girlfriends and must say that this place was more than I expected given the mostly negative reviews on this site!We booked a room through the hotel's website (which ironically, still states that it's associated with the Wyndham chain) and were able to get a city view room at the rate of $195 per night with the AAA discount. Upon arrival, however, we inquired about the availability of ocean view rooms and were given a free upgrade to a room with a nice balcony on the 8th floor. No hassling required! I definitely recommend asking upon check-in....worst case scenario is that they say no and you're stuck with a view of the lagoon. Though I must say that it is quite nice to sip your morning coffee on the balcony while watching and listening to the waves crash on the rocks. Overall, the room was average. We were 3 girls in the room with plenty of luggage in tow, so the enormous walk-in closet came in extremely handy. There was also a bar with not one, but two fridges in it, which we used to store a couple of bottles of wine that we bought from the convenience store next door. The bathroom was also average, though our tub did have the tendency to clog. We called housekeeping on the second day and they immediately sent up a repair man who fixed the problem. Service was below average. Although housekeeping was very pleasant and responed immediately to extra towel, extra pillow, and extra hair-dryer requests, the other other hotel staff was not very helpful nor very friendly. The concierge staff was quite rude, and though they did make a few dinner reservations in Old San Juan for us, they did so somewhat reluctantly. The young lady at the tour desk was extremely haughty and relatively uninformed regarding the various trips they had to offer. In addition, the staff in the various restaurants spoke limited English and were not very attentive. The pool and beach area were also below average. There were plenty of chairs and a nice poolside bar, though the pools themselves were extremely small and had a lot of debris in them. We walked onto the beach one day to check it out and immediately walked off. Although the water was warm and seemed clear, the sand was kind of dirty and had a lot of locals on it. Definitely no privacy or sense of calm. Of note, access to the hotel from this public beach is guarded by hotel security, who require that you show either your room key or the wrist band that they give out at the towel stand. Security also patrolled the pool area regularly and promptly removed people who were not patrons of the hotel. The food at the pool bar is extremely expensive! A salad there is $18...the same exact salad at the Italian restaurant on the Mezzanine level is $4.95. Definitely worth the short trip upstairs. We spent most of our pool/beach days at the Caribe Hilton which is right across the lagoon and is accessible via a short walk across the bridge. Our friend gave us his Hilton Honors card, so we were able to walk right into the hotel, get towels, use the facilities, etc. The pool and beach area is 100 times nicer at the Caribe Hilton than at the Condado Plaza, but at a rate of $400 a night, I think our strategy was better! The Caribe Hilton also has a very nice spa (1 hour massages in the $120-150 range) and a beautiful Pan Asian restaurant called the Lemongrass Grill. Definitely on the expensive side ($25-30 per entree), but the food and the ambiance seemed well worth it (I personally don't know how much our bill came to since our friend knows the owner, who came over and sat with us for the majority of the meal and then waived the bill!!!) The Caribe Hilton also has a Starbucks in its lobby, which we visited quite frequently!In terms of other restaurants in the Condado area, there is a nice Cuban/Puerto Rican restaurant called Ropa Vieja that's about a 3 minute walk from the Hotel. Very large portions and very reasonably priced (Our bill with appetizers and wine came to about $65 in total). I also recommend checking out Calle Fortaleza in Old San Juan which has a ton of really good restaurants. Lastly, the gym at the hotel was pretty nice...4 treadmills, 4 stationary bikes, and a whole slew of weight machines and free weights. There's a sign on the door that says a $7 fee will be automatically charged to your account once you swipe your hotel room key to get in, but no such charges showed up on our bill upon check-out. There is, however, a standard $48 per night resort fee/resort tax that is automatically charged to your account, so beware that you actually need to add on about $50 to the rate they initially quote you.Overall, the hotel superceded my expectations, though after staying at the Ritz Carlton on a previous trip to Puerto Rico and seeing the Caribe Hilton, I doubt I'd go back.Hope this was helpful!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Deltagurl
<Content>Just got back today!! Truly not a bad hotel. Given all of the seasonal weather that the Caribbean experiences, I did not expect Ritz Carlton service nor amenities. Upon my arrival on 4/3, my reservation was lost in the system. So I had to wait for an hour to get checked in. I was apologized to and upgraded to an ocean view from city view. The hotel was not full so, it would have been unoccupied anyway. However, I am thankful. The rooms are a bit out of date and reminded me of the Holiday Inns we stayed at many years ago as kids. The decor was modern. The bathroom was slightly larger than 3 lavatories on an aircraft. If I leaned too far I would probably fall out of the shower and onto the toilet or floor. It would be nice at renovation if they gave less room to the huge walk in closet and more bathroom space. The staff was quite pleasant. Our first night/into day 2 resulted in a mix up with housekeeping. We didn't have our room serviced since they waited so long to clean our room. They brought up towels and promptly took care of us the next day. We did have low pressure to our sink faucet, but they immediately made necessary repairs. Beach is not great but will do. Lots of debris and coarse sand. The pool is okay, yet a good cleaning or fresh paint from staining would be nice. The hot tub was fab. The kids loved the slide.The one thing that I did miss was the hotel in room guide on what the hotel itself had to offer. I am assuming since their ownership is changing they've removed the marketing material. Also the cable went in and out and often switched to channel 02 all by itself. That was aggravating. And Channel 33 (the hotel channel) had digital pixels which required you mentally putting the picture together.We ate breakfast one morning at Max's. Horrible. Kids ate free, but after leaving Vegas with the $10.95 buffet and paying $21.00 per person for this was bad. Bad eggs. Omelette chef needs some major help. Churrascos a little tough. Our waiter Rafael was great.Go out of the hotel and walk across the street to the Sizzler for lunch. They've got an all you can eat buffet. Get there about 1030A, cause the locals really show up for lunch. Also walk around the Condado area (go left leaving the hotel). It is a nice after dinner walk. Besides we discoverd Subway, Baskin Robbins/Dunkin Donuts, Wendys, Walgreens, Banco Popular (ATM machine on site). Also upscale shopping at Christian Dior, Cartier, Louis Vuitton, and Salvatore Ferragamo. Also the B21 bus takes you to Plaza las Americas (the mall). It was raining the day we went to Sizzler and the guy charged us $10 to go across the street. WALK! What a waste. He made me use my known Spanish. We had paid $12 to go to Old San Juan the day before. Oh while in OSJ, make sure you eat at Cafe Puerto Rico and order mofongos de mariscos (seafood). Excelente!!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sarahlg33
<Content>Not as bad as some make it sound My husband and I stayed here for part of our stay during our honeymoon in January. It was not nearly as bad as some made it out to be, but it certainly isn't a 5-star hotel. I would agree to not pay too much for the room. We had a decent room with a balcony and view of the lagoon, perfectly fine for the $200 we paid a night. Based on what I've seen of other hotel prices in SJ, it's a decent enough value. Definately take the bus to Old SJ, but be warned that it does not stick to a schedule - or at least that my husband or I could figure out. One day we only waited 10 minutes, the next over an hour (we kept telling ourselves the minute we left, it would come...). Definately walk down the way further into the Condado area. There are some good restaurants and it is a nice walk. Overall, I don't think I would stay here again. I'd like to try another hotel first. However, should I not have luck with the next hotel, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NewJerseyJohnM
<Content>Ok If you get the Right Price My wife and I stayed there for one night (3/17) before a cruise. We had gotten a good rate through Hotwire. The property is dated. The room furnishings were worn. However, the room and bathroom were clean.It is definitely not a four star hotel.Breakfast was expensive. The food not so great.In all fairness for the price it wasn't that bad.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mikey72
<Content>Expensive so watch out I stayed at the Condado Plaza for two separate nights. The first time I was in the building on the lagoon side, with a beautiful view over the water. As earlier reviews state, this building is dated and not nearly as nice as the ocean-front building. The ocean-front rooms are very nice, modern, larger, and with a refrigerator and walk-in closet. The view was amazing from my 7th floor balcony. These rooms are also about twice as expensive. You have to watch your spending on food and drinks. The breakfast buffet is now $21, and you'll pay at least $10 if you order a la carte. There are a number of restaurants within a 10 minute walk so I suggest taking a stroll and checking them out.The rooms have high-speed internet, but you'll pay a surcharge of $15/day to use it. Once connected it worked fine. I had no issues with hotel staff, and check-in and check-out were easy. I walked by the casino but didn't linger because I don't like smokey areas. The Condado Beach area is OK, but if you want a beautiful long white sandy beach I would stay elsewhere. The area is convenient to Old San Juan, about a $12 taxi ride away.There are lots of hotels in San Juan, so next time I will try someplace different.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One word - unpleasant We were extremely disappointed in this hotel and some of the staff left us feeling utterly unwelcome. We will never return to this hotel nor would I advise anyone else to ever stay at it. It was extremely expensive - over $45 for 1 hamburger, 1 turkey club sandwich and 2 sodas at the poolside cabana. The 'beach' was tiny, crowded and right next to a major bridge thoroughway - local children literally were jumping off the bridge and into the beach area for fun. The poolside bartenders were downright rude and a 10 oz can of beer will cost you $5. The hotel itself is quite a bit past its prime and in need of a serious update. The only good thing I have to say about this hotel is that the front desk staff and room attendants were all very pleasant and accomodating. Too bad the rest of the staff made our visit so very unpleasant - the difference between a great hotel and a terrible hotel is not how much it costs you, but the quality of it's staff. Apparently the Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino isn't aware of this.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Awful!! No Beach! A friend and I booked a package deal through Jet Blue that included this hotel. We knew not to expect the Ritz, but were so disgusted by this hotel that we did not even spend the night here. To begin with, the hotel does not have white sand beaches, despite that exact description on the website. There is a lagoon, which is a dirty, miniscule sliver of land which also contains a children's swingset. You cannot swim in the ocean from this hotel. We were expecting a beach hotel and were shocked to find that there was no beach. Second of all, when we arrived at the hotel at approximately 5 pm, the only place we could find to eat was at Tony Romas, which is across the street. The staff was rude and completely dismissive. When I asked about the reported 7 restaurants that the hotel advertises, the nasty staff member looked at me as if I were insane and then said that each of the restaurants I asked about was not there. When I pointed to the sign that advertized these restaurants, the staff just shrugged. This was not a language barrier issue, as I asked in both English and Spanish. Though there were no other customer's at the concierge's desk, the concierge did not acknowledge me (despite the fact that we made eye contact) until I actually shouted excuse me several times. When I asked about the beach, the concierge rudely directed me to the internet kiosk. When I pressed him further, he said that the Marriott had a beach and suggested that it was a 5-10 minute walk away. As I promptly switched to the Marriott, I can assure you that it was a 5-10 minute taxi drive--not within walking distance unless you felt like taking a hike. Lastly, the room was disgusting. Though it was a non-smoking room, there were cigarette burns on the furniture, the furniture was cracked, old and dirty and the room itself was small. The bathroom was miniscule. Though the dirty hotel directory (and yes, I do mean dirty--there were recent food stains on the pages) stated that there was a mini-bar, when I asked the desk about the lack of a mini-bar, they told me that they had discontinued mini-bar service. The hotel itself was seedy and run-down. To put it simply, we did not feel safe there. My friend and I realized quickly that we did wish to stay at the hotel and began frantically calling local hotels to find somewhere else to stay. Though we only made LOCAL calls from the room, apparently local to the hotel means in-hotel only (despite what it said on the phone). Calls to the nearby Marriott (ie: within the same area and local calling code) wound up costing $50, though it was a small price to pay to get out of that dump. Do not stay here! It is overpriced and terrible! Their website is a complete misrepresentation. Do not be fooled.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>trvlmnky
<Content>Terrible for the Price (even without it!) First of all, do not be fooled by the description of a white sand beach. This hotel is NOT on the beach. The hotel is on the ocean, and a strip of huge rocks separate the two. There is a very small square of beach, on a lagoon, and next to the main road, which really doesn't qualify as white sand. It had a jungle gym on it and it was not very clean. If you are going to PR for the beach, go elsewhere.Second, do not be fooled by the description of seven terrific restaurants. I never saw all seven, and the ones I did see were lined up back to back like a food court. Additionally, the staff seemed to think Tony Roma's accross the street was the best dining option. Third, the room was in awful shape. There was no mini-bar (and no working mini-fridge for drinks). The furniture was chipped and scratched and the curtains and window dresssings were dirty. The room (even with a/c on) was humid. Finally, the conceirge was rude - and the rest of the staff was just plain unhelpful. They struggled to recommend restaurants, bars, etc (beyond Tony Roma's of course!). Overall, this was a huge disappointment. If it had been half the price then maybe (maybe) it woudl have been worth it. However, even then I would have wished I was just on the beach in an inexpensive bungalow in Rincon.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected except for tariff surprise Arrived at the hotel and entrance was nice. Once at the desk they made me sign an additional agreement which would bite me upon checkout. I'd recommend checking off that you will only pay for the hotel and phone calls but refuse to pay the additional tax and tariff since with my package via priceline it states taxes are included. On the day of checkout they'll slip a bill under your door insisting that you pay tax and tariff which amounted to an additional $160 for a 4 day stay. I disputed the charge and they agreed to wave the tax but said I still owed the $23/day tariff.Generally staff and puerto ricans were very friendly and I felt safe in Condado and Old San Juan with only 3 beggars seen the entire trip. On the ride to the Rain Forest you'll see very primitive living conditions and even within the city they have housing projects. Everything in Condado is gated, especially the condos and businesses. The hotel lobby was very nice with a cool salt water fish tank housing the laziest 3 sharks I've ever seen. There are about 5 restaurants within the hotel, the only one I'd recommend is Tony Roma's since prices are in line with other U.S. locations. Generally service at all of the restaurants we visited was slow so you'll need some patients. Meals at the other 4 hotel restaurants are very overpriced but if you want the convenience then go ahead. The location is prime and there are plenty of reasonably priced places to eat within a short walking distance along Ashford ave. I'd recommend Waikiki and Don Hose Hacienda which offer an incredible ocean view but if you go at night bring a light sweater. We got lucky at the casino: plenty of 1 and 5 cent slots to occupy your time.Room was acceptable with a good view of the lagoon and some basic patio furniture. The bathroom was a little small but generally very pleased with the room. No extra charge for using the safe. Cleaning staff were great: we even left out some cash and it was all there upon returning. No minibar in the room. As for the pools: there's a regular pool in the rear of the older lagoon view rooms part of the hotel which was barely used and we did some laps here without being disturbed. For more action, in the rear of the newer half of the hotel are two additional pools. These are busier and I'd recommend coming before 10 am for your lawn chair otherwise you could be waiting to snag one. The saltwater pool had plenty of sun bathers surrounding it but I didn't actually see anyone swimming in it. The other freshwater pool had a swim up bar and a section for kids. Drinks were about $8 and a little watered down so few people were actually purchasing. There is a small beach whereby they give you a free lawn chair to use. It's a little rocky and the locals do invade a portion of it so I wouldn't say it's anything special. The water is a little rough but not a bad change of venue. Did not see anyone Kayaking, snorking or SCUBA diving on Condado beach.To get to old San Juan you can take a bus for about $1 or just walk it since it takes about 1 hour to get there. It's well worth the time with plenty of shops and historic sites. This is where they let off all the cruise goers so it can get hectic.For day trips the hotel offers a tour operator (GSI) in the main lobby with several trip options. We did the Bacardi/Old San Juan tour hosted by Robert who was terrific and I'd highly recommend it for about $45 including 2 free drinks at Bacardi and admission to the Fort which was fascinating. We also went on the Rain Forest (El Yunke)/ beach day tour which was also a great way to spend a day for about $60. Plenty to see though the visibility of the water at the beach was about 5 feet so I felt that bringing my snorkling gear was a waste. We also went to Las Plazas Americanas which was a $15 cab ride to the biggest mall in the Caribbean, the biggest I've ever seen. Not a lot of deals but a good way to kill some time. One thing I noticed along Ashford was the incredible number of joggers. It was a great place to have a relaxing drink and people watch at the numerous streetside bars and restaurants. Overall I was initially worried by some of the reviews but was very pleased with the hotel. I would have preferred if they were more upfront about the tax and tariff but otherwise a big two thumbs up. We recommended the hotel to our in laws who will be going in the next few months. The beaches are less than average compared to other caribbean islands but there is a lot of action there and plenty of American chain restaurants it you are worried about food consistancy.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful Check-in Experience We booked a four-night reservation at least one month in advance through Wyndam. We got to the hotel early to check-in and the check-in clerk told us they did not have a room for us for the first night. We had a confirmation and reservation number with us. At first, the only option they gave us was to shuttle us to the Holiday Inn for one night (even though we paid for the Condado Hotel rate). After arguing with them for 30 minutes, they finally gave us a Murphy room - with a tiny double bed that pulls out of the wall - this was not what we had reserved and paid for. Apparently their Associate Director of Sales (Pier M. LeCompte) was responsible for making the decision to bump off our reservation to accomodate a Sales Convention that was scheduled for the same weekend. I called Ms. LeCompte and her answer to why the sales party was given preferential treatment was 'We are in the hotel business. This is what we do.' She was completely unhelpful and had a real snooty attitude. Adding more insult to injury, as we were continually being told they were sold out, at least 10 parties arrived after us being able to check-in without a problem. Somehow we chosen to be the unlucky victims. We got to the hotel early after a long flight and were hoping to be able to enjoy some sun that afternoon. Instead, we spent 45 minutes checking in. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Check-in service is awful. If you do have reservations at this hotel, I recommend that you call in advance to confirm.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a nice vacation spot - not luxurious We booked this hotel as a package with an airline. I was very nervous upon reading some of the other reviews but was pretty happy with our experience. First of all it was 5 minutes from the airport and $20 - the cabs in PR are outrageuos (and we're from NY!). Check in was a breeze - 5 minutes and they had our room ready at noon (we expected to have to wait till 4) The room was very clean, we had a beautiful ocean view on the top floor. The maid was great - came every night and replaced the towels we used to shower with before dinner. Then came back later on to see if we needed anything else. The hotel is on the older side, the room was a little dated. But it was very clean. We loved the huge walk in closet - it kept our clothes out of the way and gave us a place other than the bathroom to change (we had kids with us) Our major disappointment was the beach. We are beach people and one of the reasons I booked this place was for the beach. The photos on all the websites do it much more justice than it deserves - the beach is right on the highway - loud trucks and cars racing by, not the serene beach experience we were looking for. Also - it's a lagoon - not the ocean. It is very rocky - filled with sharp rocks that slice your feet and hands...wear water shoes. Also it is a public beach, not just for hotel guests.We mostly stayed by the pools which were clean. My son loved the water slide and towels were readily available. As with most resorts, you have to come claim your seats early in the morning to get the best location. We ate breakfast in the hotel - Max's restaurant - for $15 you got a nice buffet - all you can eat. homemade waffles and omelets....very good. We didn't try the other restaurants but ventured down the street and into old san juan and had some great meals. We did have lunch one day at the pool restaurant which was horrible and over priced.The hotel staff was weak. They really didn't seem to care, unlike other places we've been where the staff is very attentive (and looking for tips) the staff here seemed like they couldn't be bothered. The swim up bar at the pool had one, sometimes two bartenders - you had to wait forever to be served (weak $8 drinks or a $3 soda that was about 3 oz soda and 5 oz ice)....there were always lines at the bar -- no waiters walking around while you were at your lounge chairs taking drink orders. The restaurant at the pool had HORRIBLE service - one afternoon I ordered lunch, waited one hour and was told my order was never put in, because they were busy. It was Presidents week and I'm sure the hotel was full - but ADD MORE STAFF!!!We're not big lunch eaters so after a big breakfast, all we really needed was a snack mid-day and then dinner....After dinner one night we got a case of soda (you could also get beer) from a local store and put it in our room refrigerator. We also picked up some snacks and brought soda and snacks down to the pool in the afternoon.I'd stay here again if I wanted a quick getaway and got another good deal.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Agent011
<Content>Nice getaway place My wife and me just recently came back from a 7-night vacation. We have to say that Condado Plaza is a great hotel for a three star rating. Check-in was pretty quick and we didn't wait for the room at all. We asked for a possible free upgrade but the lady was unbreakable. She offered oceanview room for additional $40 per night. We declined. Our room was on the 9th floor. Hotel has 10 floors altogether and the top two floors are Executive level. Room was big with pullout sofabed and high speed internet modem. Comparing to other islands in the Caribbean, hotel food was not so expensive but was not worth money paid. Along Ashford Avenue, there are a lot of restaurants and fast food places that offer much more delicious meals. We usually had breakfast at Hacienda Don Jose which is like 2 minute walk from the hotel. It offers breakfast specials for $5.75. Right next door, there is Waikiki Restaurant  Bar that is a bit more expensive but steaks there are great. Both restaurants offer magnificent oceanview. On the other hand, staff of Condado Plaza did not look very knowledgeable about their own hotel. For example, one of the staff didn't even know where the third pool is. Also, do not leave your chairs unattended for too long. We left towels once to reserve spot and went for lunch. When we came back after an hour, the towels were gone. Hotel beach was clean and nice. If you love to play tennis, you may take advantage of this. They charge you $10 for reservation and $5 more for racquet and balls rental. So, if you bring your own eqipment, you may even play for free. Both courts are lighted. Nightly entertainment was boring. There was a live band playing right next to the casino. Unless you stood close to them, you couldn't hear them play. Marriot Hotel has live band playing every night from Wednesday to Sunday. It's just a 15 minute walk from Condado Plaza. Overall, we had a great time and we are satisfied what we got for our money.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Condado was OK I just got back from a 5-night stay at Condado Plaza in San Juan Puerto Rico. I felt the need to come on here and write about my stay to clarify some things. When I booked this hotel, I came on here and read some of the reviews and they were awful. I came in to the hotel trying to keep an open mind. The hotel honestly was average... I am a clean freak so there was nothing dirty about this hotel like some people have said in these reviews. The cleaning ladies were very nice and did a great job. The rooms were very clean as well as the bathrooms. The service however was definitely poor. I had to wait about 3 hours for my room to be ready and it took about an hour to check in to the hotel itself. The casino .. I would not recommend playing blackjack or slot machines.. I never saw anything hit. I play poker a lot (usually No Limit here in the US) and found that Puerto Rico only offers 5-10 Limit !! So I tried it out and it's a totally different game..but I made $600 on the trip playing this .. If you are a poker fanatic, take a drive over to Intercontinental to play..there are better players. As for the cuisine, I didn't eat in the hotel....the hotel's food was extremely overpriced! All you have to do to get some FANTASTIC food is walk about 5 minutes down the street from the hotel... and there are 2 great restuarants I went to called ROPA VIEJA and AJILI MOJILI They are excellent..also down that road is a Louis Vuitton store, a Cartier store and other nice shops... which made me happy :) Overall, It was a good stay.. nothing was dirty about the rooms or the pool area like previous reviews had said. It's just a place to stay and it definitely mett my expectations.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sheasllm
<Content>Not as bad as some reviews We spent a night at the Condado Plaza awaiting the departure of our cruise ship. I was a little nervous of how the hotel would be considering the negative comments of other reviewers. We were totally satisfied with our stay. The hotel has been sold and will be undergoing a major renovation to bring it up to standards. Although furniture/fittings/decor is rather outdated, still it was clean and comfortable and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DiamondsNewJersey
<Content>You must read this entire review!!! Just got back last week. Spent a week at Condado. Upon arrival front desk upgraded my husband and I from city view to ocean view for no extra price, just because they had the availability. What a treat that was. Service was very good all around. Beautiful pool area. However, beach was tiny and hotel in in great need of renovation. Last day my cell phone was stolen from my bag at pool(everything else was still in bag). Last night after enjoying the hot tub and pool one last time when standing and drying off, I noticed a large rat scurrying right by the pool. THANK GOD I SAW THIS ON THE LAST NIGHT!!!P.S. Beware of Cristobel Fort in Old San Juan. Within 5 minutes we saw an old man smoking crack out of a beer bottle and 3 guys shooting up with heroine in this area. SAD SAD SAD  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cocanat
<Content>Well worth it My wife and I just got back from a week in Puerto Rico (Nov. 3-10) and stayed at the Condado Plaza Hotel and we thought it was a great hotel.Since I think these reviews should start out with a short bio on the author, my wife and I are in our mid-50s, very middle class. We take a couple of travel vacations a year, and have become fairly skilled at finding the best accomodations for the money. The Condado Plaza seemed to be the best value, so we booked it, even though some of the reviewers have been brutal to this hotel.We booked a city view room and were pleased to find that all the city view rooms have a nice view of the ocean/lagoon/Old San Juan from the balcony. It wasn't as great as the ocean view, but we saved about $50 a day by booking the city view room. Facilities:The restaurants seemed to be nice, but the only one we ate in was Tony Roma's. If you like Tony Roma's in other locations (and we do), you'll like this one just fine. We generally just have one meal a day, and we discovered a half dozen very nice restaurants less than a quarter mile walk down Ashford Avenue. The two pools next to the beach at the hotel are beautiful, and one has a swim-up bar. There is a large hot tub in the pool area. The beach area is modest in size, but it's the calmest point in the Condado area. Note, if you're staying on the Condado at any place other than the Condado Plaza, you'll just be able to watch the ocean, not swim in it. If a great beach is what you are looking for, then stay in one of the hotels in the Isla Verde area. The beach there will satisfy anyone, but you'll be paying a lot more to stay out there. Casino...we went to several in San Juan, and the one at the Condado Plaza was the busiest. They have a Texas Hold-em Table going from about 6PM until the game breaks up, usually about 3AM. Just believe me when I tell you that you can make enough money here to pay for your trip if you are a skilled player. Overall, the casino was extremely satisfactory, with a good live band playing adjacent to it. In general, you must understand that the Condado Plaza is about 40 years old, built just after Castro took over in Cuba in order to fill the need for a classy Caribbean resort. The overall facility is excellent, just dated. The electric and plumbing worked just fine. The room was ample, the furniture was nice. The bathroom was modest, as in all the older hotels, but the closet was the best one I've ever had in all my travels. There is a safe in the room, and our unit had two small refrigerators. I found the poor reviews of this hotel to be either ridiculous, or from people who stayed at the wrong hotel in the first place. If you have a large budget, plan to spend the entire trip in your hotel, want the newest facility and the most dazzling beach, then book the InterContinental, the El San Juan, or the Ritz-Carlton. But if you're getting a nice price break, I think you'll enjoy the Condado Plaza Hotel. We liked Puerto Rico and plan to return in a couple of years. We will probably stay at the Condado Plaza again.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save yourself! I just returned from this hotel on Monday November 14th after staying for the weekend, let me state the problems:1. Arrived at 11am in order to take advantage of the full day, The really snooty and curt Check in clerk told us the check in time was at 3pm! eventhough their checkout is at 12noon! 3 hours to clean a room?2. Their drinks are way overpriced for the cheap Bacardi rum they put in all of their drinks...a Pi帽a Colada=$8...So much $$ when you have the Bacardi Factory within mininutes away? Highway robbery!3.Cabs are the only way to get around, the police does not let in regular cabs into the Hotel areas in order to make you pay approximately $12 for a 8 minute ride...they all have meters but dont use it, cuz it would only cost you like $4 instead...4. Food is overpriced...Cheeseburger; not gourmet, regular=$13 Breakfast..2 eggs, bacon, harsh browns=$14...unbelieable5. Last but not least....a room tax and tariff per person per night that they dont tell you about till they slip the bill under the door before you leave!around $17.95 per person per night...on top of what you pay to stay there!***Fun people, dont bother, Great nightlife for a tourist is non existent!*** Spend your $$ elsewhere  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mumufreemovies
<Content>Simple Mediocrity. I stayed mid November 2005 in Room 620 (facing the Ocean).I love Wyndham hotels and while Wyndham's own website lists this property as a Wyndham, it is not. Thus, I did not get the Wyndham perks like free WiFi, free unlimited domestic U.S. calls, a welcome snack upon arrival. Prior to arriving at the hotel, I even faxed a letter to the hotel confirming my reservation. Not surprisingly, while my letter was addressed to Wyndham Condado, the hotel never bothered to call and alert me of the hotel name change. Furthermore, everything in the room still has the Wyndham name on it. I thought that was funny. And, it if matters to some guests, the use of the hotel gym will incur you an additional daily charge.The hotel check-in clerk initially told me you don't have a deluxe room. When I showed her the confirmation print-out showing my reservation to be a deluxe room the clerk said nothing further. In fact, I found the clerk's attitude to be quite curt. In this business, attitude is everything and I give the check-in clerk very low marks. She apparently got annoyed when I wanted to know how much was the additional charge to get a room with an upgraded view.The floors where the guests rooms are have visibly worn hallway carpeting. The guest room itself was decent and spacious. Nothing spectacular. The walk-in closet was a nice surprise but the small bathroom was slightly disappointing. If you spend under $100 a nite it's fair. Anything over $125 per night is not a great deal at all (there is a hotel tax and a resort tax, totaling about 22% of the bill).At the end of the stay the hotel gave me a bill for the entire room even though my stay was prepaid through a package deak. Another minor inconvenience. Overall, it was a nice stay, nothing spectacular and certainly nothing extraordinary.By the way, if you are in the Condado area I cannot recommend eating Japanese food at Hamasaki. Severely over-priced but horrendously bad food.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My Anniversary in Puerto Rico               More photos  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here Stayed here with a group of people. 1 person's ceiling of their bathroom fell in! Other's had to move rooms as they were dirty or musty. Everything was overpriced, pina colada with no rum $8!!!! Service terrible, then on check out they charged us a maid gratuity, and bell man gratuity!!!! Absolutely terrible place.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check in at 6 pm? We arrived at 11:00am and was told we couldn't get a room until 3:00pm. So, we decided to do some exploring around the city. We got back by 4 and were told we had to wait until 6, even though we were promised a room. When we spoke to the manager, she made it clear how little she cared and said we could purchase a drink while we waited. It would seem after that, it would cost them maybe $1.00 a drink to keep their customers happy, but no, the horrible manager refused even that. When we were checking out, they tacked on a resort charge of $15.00per day. The price of the bloody place was inflated as it was and we were never informed about the resort tax. Overall, a very poor experience. Bad service, awful food (don't bother with the restuarants) and a joke of a private beach.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>crdaus
<Content>Forget the Wyndham Condado! This hotel was terrible. As soon as I checked in I was looking for a an alternative place to stay (which I managed to arrange after two nights). The hotel had a run down feel to it and displayed a lack of maintenance with one elevator broken, several gym machines not working, dirty carpets in the reception areas, etc. There was also a very damp smell everywhere. Its location is also not very good, being at the extreme end of Ashford Avenue where all the re-construction is underway. At least I wasn't penalised for truncating my stay.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! My friends and I stayed at the Wyndham Condado Plaza Hotel July 22-31. It was soo much fun!! At first when we arrived and we requested early check-in and the room was not ready yet. They had told us it would be ready in an hour. We explored the grounds which was BEAUTIFUL and returned within an hour. They then told use that our room was still not ready. We where getting very fustrated and the kept apoligyzing and gve us each 2 free drink vouchers. About a half hour later we go our room and it was beautiful. It was clean and cozy. The staff was very nice and catered to your every need. If you are traveling with children this is a grat place to stay. We where 3 young girls (22 and up) but still had alot of fun. They cater to every age and the party never stops!!! We loved it so much we are going back again in the Spring!!!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WyndHam No Longer Wyndham ! My wife  I checked in to what we thought was the Wyndham  were told that our Wyndham By Request were NO longer valid b/c Hotels changed ownership to Black Stone as of 8/17 (our 1st day there...go figure) !!!It would've been nice IF they honored our card since we booked our 8-day/7-night stay a month and a half before they changed owners.They were actually talking down the Wyndham sign last week as guests sat by the pool. Oher issue were: a) we got one bed vs our requested 2-dbl bed. b) many ants in bathroom and on desk by bed. c) leak from under the wash basin was never fixed. Restaurants were ok but our daughter got sick from Tony Roma's ribs. Porto Bello restaurant was pricy but food was excellent!! Last comment: Music by Casino lounge was OK but normally ended by mid-nite (way too early if you like to enjoy Latin music)....  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Lovinbabe
<Content>Great fun at Wyndham! My family and i stayed at the Wyndham for only 2 days but we had loads of fun, centered in the heart of Condado near local shops. Only around 20 mins to the airport and 10 mins to the cruise port. 24hour taxis available from the hotel. 3 swimming pools and fun regular activities by the pool every day including volley ball, karaoke, trivias etc. Even a pool bar! Lots of sunbeds so not hard to find. Indoor restaurant and large very colourful casino. If you're short on money there is a 'Subway' down the road for food ;-) Very friendly staff and attractive looking hotel. Have fun!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Time My wife and i spent 10 days in the Wyndham Hotel in San Juan celebrating our 2nd anniversary . We were very skepical from reading reviews of past clients experiences . Thank god we went with an open mind . Every thing was perfect . The staff made us feel very welcomed and answered all our questions and needs . We stayed in the lagoon hotel on the 10th floor . All though the beach hotel was in front of us , the view was great . We could see the ocean and lagoon on both sides . Its true the resturants in the hotel are expensive but that was easily remedied . On Asford Avenue in walking distance you can find latin cusine resturants . Plus a WENDYS , PIZZA HUT , DUNKIN DONUTS . SUBWAY , WALGREENS and plenty bodegas and souviner stores . Take advantage of the fridge in the room . We took a walk to the store and loaded up on cold cuts . bread , snacks . water and soda for late nite snacks and something to eat while we were at the beach . The beach is small but plenty of room for everybody . Very family oriented . The water was warm and crystal clear . We never missed a day at the beach and pool . The tour desk is in the main lobby . You gotta take advantage of the tours . We went to the rainforest , old San Juan , THE BACARDI FACTORY TOUR , and last but not least , we took a snorkling tour on a 50ft sail boat . What a party boat that was . If you decide to go snorkling ask for the boat named  THE TRAVELER  . The tour guides were very knowlegable . The casino is no Vegas but then what can you compare Vegas too . All in all , we can't wait to go back . REMEMBER KEEP AN OPEN MIND  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tkwhite
<Content>Needs some updating We enjoyed our stay. Hotel was clean. However, while the hotel is nice it by no means is luxurious. If you are looking for a 鈥渞esort feel鈥?try the Wyndham El San Juan (beautiful in comparison). The Wyndham Condado has a few pitfalls and is clearly in need of some TLC. It is an older hotel that is in need of a some updating/improvements and general maintenance. The main pool had several missing/cracked tiles, the carpet on our floor (7) was ancient 鈥?very faded and worn. The salt water pool needed an overhaul. The lobby had marble tile floors with glass mosaic tiles in one area that had missing pieces. One of three phones in our room did not work. Bathrooms needed updating too. The beach is small, on a main road, and not nearly as nice as some of the beaches in PR.On the plus side breakfast buffet was good at the restaurant in the mezzanine. Staff was gracious, helpful and accommodating. If you stay there go to Ropa Vieja for dinner it is wonderful and just down the street.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>anav
<Content>Awful! I am a Wyndham By request member. I booked an ocean front deluxe room. Check in was quick and we were guarenteed late check out. When we arrived to the room we were horrified. It was dingy old and smelly to the point I was nauseated. The furniture was from the 60s, the ceiling was stained and falling down. There was a balcony where I spent the next 7 hours the time it took the hotel to change the room. Our next room was without a balcony...not what I paid for. After making a quick round of the hotel area pool beach etc we decided not to stay. After all the fuss the hotel comped us the night and we checked out the next morning. I spent a week in PR, 4 days at the Conquistador, 1 night at the Condado and 2 at the Holiday Inn. I must say the Wyndham Condado has some arrogance calling itself a 4 star hotel. I'd give it 1.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>HR_Chick
<Content>It was average My friend and I (both single girls in our 20's) just got back from PR last night. We stayed at the Wyndham Condado. The hotel is not as bad as some people have said on here. The Condado area is very old and is under construction. This hotel is located at one end of Condado by a bridge. The pictures of the pool on the website are a bit misleading. I only saw two pools.....one has a swim up bar but there was a TON of kids in it. The other is a salt water pool where it has more adults. The pools are not in the best condition. The beach is very very small. It's more like a swamp. The rooms are not bad. They have a huge walk in closet. The bathrooms are updated. We joined Wyndham By Request and got upgraded to a ocean front room which is beautiful at night so make sure you join. Right when you walk into the lobby you can smell smoke. The lobby is not bad though.....nice fish tank. Check in and out was easy. We arrived early and left late but the concierge held our bags without a problem. The service was wonderful and everyone was very nice. The casino is small. The pictures make it look larger. I didn't win (actually lost $200) and I didn't hear other people winning. It is open 24 hours. I did not eat at any of the restaurants there. For breakfast, I would suggest the Hacienda which is right down the street (maybe a block). The view is unbelievable. There is a Subway Subs right down the street also if you want something quick (and don't mind eating at a place that they have everywhere in the world). There is an amazing restaurant called Ajili Mojili which is down the street on the opposite side (Lagoon side). It is really good and the prices are reasonable. As for the nightlife.....we went into Old San Juan to a place called the Pool Palace. It had salsa dancing one night and another night there was a band. We also went to El San Juan (in Isla Verde) on Saturday night and that was pretty happening. It also has great looking people. Everyone is in the lobby dancing and hanging out.For beaches.......definately go to Isla Verde. You can take the bus......B21 to A5 (I think). It's $.25 each way/each bus. It is a bit of a ride and very crowded. We bused it there and cab'd it back ($13). As I mentioned, the beach by the hotel is very small (and it is a public) but is ok for a quick dip. I referred to it as the swamp. For activities.....The only thing we did was snorkeling. It was amazing! The company was called Spread Eagle II. Their website is snorkelpr. The price is $65 and that includes food which was amazing also. The captian, Tito, was great.....not to mention great looking! :) The other staff on the boat was wonderful also. I also heard the bioluminescient bay tour is really cool but we didn't get a chance to go.We had a great time and the hotel was fine. It was def. a three star hotel. If you want luxury stay at the El San Juan (also owned by Wyndham). It is pricier though. I would not recommend this place for a romantic getaway. There also was not a lot of singles. This hotel is probably better for families. I am def. going back to PR and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place I stayed at the Wyndham Condado from 6-30 to 7-11. It was a wonderful stay. The staff was very attentive and helpful. The rooms were ample and had a huge closet, which could fit a twin size bed if needed. We were on the 7th floor ocean side. The building by the lagoon had ceiling fans, our side did not. This was not needed since the air conditioning was very good. At night I would make the room very cold and then prop the balcony door opened so that we could listen to the ocean throughout the night. It was a great way to sleep. We had a hard time trying to find a car rental from the places nearby, so the concierge immedialtely called a dealership that would rent cars. We got a better deal then what Avis and LM were offering. LM require that you show proof of car insurance if you choose not to take their ins. Of course we did not have our cards with us. Besides their rates were outrageous. The staff were always helpful when it came to giving us directions. They were always ready to open the doors and take luggage.The building is old, so expect some things to be a little runned down. Many people have complained about that the carpeting is old. If People are concerned about carpeting then go somewhere else. This should be the least of your concerns while on vacation. So what if the carpeting is old. You go on vacation to enjoy the sights, the pool and to eat. Not to look at carpeting! The elevators at times were slow, so don't try taking the elevator during checkout time, that is when they are slow, but otherwise they were fine. The pool area was very nice. People complain about too many kids in the pool, but what can you expect, the pool is 3.8ft deep, of course all the small kids are going to be there. It seems to me that these people just don't understand that families go on vacation too, so there are going to be kids. If they they do not want to see so many kids then go to an adult only resort. Leave the rest for those of us who have children. We got to swim in the pool at anytime. Sometimes we were out there until 2am. You simply had to bring your own towels. Staying at the hotel was Rosalyn Sanchez (rush hour) and Shannon Elizabeth (american pie). They seemed to enjoy the hotel also. Some people complain that this is not a 4 star hotel. For the price $(140) it was a very nice hotel. If you want 4 Star then you have to be willling to pay $300 or $400 a night. Some people who checked in after the 4th of July got ratges at $90. I don't know about you but I would rather spend my money on other things than to shell out $5000 just for a hotel. If you want 4 star then go the Ritz or Intercontinental. The area is under a lot of construction. You have to realize that the Condado area was built in the 1960's. So yes, the area is looking a little outdated. But they are working on that. They are currently rehabbing two hotels along the strip. These will be beautiful when completed. Don't expect it to look like Las Vegas, this is an old island and they sre suceptible to hurricanes and wear and tear from the ocean. During the 70's this was a very happening place, and when all of the construction is completed it will be like that again. I think it is still very happeing, on Fri and Sat evenings all of Ashford Ave. is filled with people going out to have a good time. Plenty of outdoor Cafes offering music and drinks. It is very lively and beautiful at night. You don't have to stay in the hotel, it is very safe with plenty of police all around.We never ate at the hotel. I knew the food would be expensive. Instead we would go walking down Ashford Ave. There are plenty of places to choose from. If you don't mind paying a lot for Puerto Rican food then go to Ajili Mojili, or Ropa Vieja. Puerto Rican food is not expensive, so we chose not to eat there. Instead we went to Cafe Angel and the Godfather 3. Their prices were much more reasonable and authentic. In Old San Juan go to El Jibarito on Calle Sol. Excellent food and prices.Yerba Buena has a cuban group that plays excellent music on Fridays nights. They give the audience instruments so that they can participate in the music. I loved the music. There is dancing also if you choose to. This is a Cuban rest. I went for the music and the drinking, so I didn't eat there. My sister did and she loved the food. I have plenty of pictures if you would like to see them then just email me I will send them to you.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I liked this hotel! I had a great time at this hotel. I stayed for 2 nights at the Marriott for business but moved the Wyndham Condado the last 2 nights because they were cheaper. I was very happy with the deluxe room (same online AAA booking price as a standard room) that I had because it was more than I needed and it was nicer and more spacious then the room that I had at the Marriott. My room had the bedroom as well as living room, and the bathroom was off the short hallway that joined the two other rooms. There was also a TV in each room, separate climate control for the 2 rooms, internet, 3 phones, mini-fridge, safe, minibar, ceiling fan, standard coffee maker, hair dryer, iron/ironing board in room. The room was clean and well furnished with potted plants, and the sofa in the living room was a sofa bed...and I never caught a whiff of cigarette smoke on my floor or in my room. My view was of the Ocean Side building of the hotel across the street, but past that I could also see the ocean and to the left the lagoon. On the flipside, some other people who were on the trip with me also got a room at the Wyndham Condado, but they were in the other wing of the hotel Ocean Side. Their room was a standard and didn't look as nice- ample space but all the furniture just looked older. Their ice machine didn't work and they complained about the parking and how no one offered to help them with their bags right away. This may explain the mixed reviews that this hotel has gotten.Other things about this hotel: -Pool area on the Ocean Side has a swim-up bar, a water slide, several pools (including saltwater one), hot tub, loads of lounge chairs, hammocks, and is literally separated from the beach by 3 steps. The beach area that adjoins it is small but not too crowded even the 4th of July weekend I was there, was relatively clean (Wyndham staff cleans the area abutting the resort), and there is a wave break that stills the water to a gentle lapping...fish swim right up to your feet in the clear water. -Live Latin music on the small stage near the casino every night I was there...you can dance if you want to.-A lively casino atmosphere and plenty of restaurants in the hotel to choose from.-The lobby has an aquarium the length of a wall, huge mosaics of mermaids, and colorful blown glass light fixtures in the lobby and on the Mezzanine level.-Gusto di Italia- food was okay and prices comparable to Olive Garden, but the service was fantastic. The waiters were very attentive and super nice. Skip Coqui Shack by the pool. The food was not worth, even the $6-something for the breakfast buffet- there are so many other better, cheaper options on Ashford. Other recommendations: Take the bus for 25 cents instead of a cab for $12-$14 each way to Old San Juan or Isla verde. Eat at the Parrot Club in Old San Juan (~$23/entree but worth it). Speak Spanish if you can just because it's a great chance to practice and people are so nice, no one will make fun of you. You can always fall back on English since everyone speaks that too. Also expect: Tropical heat/humidity, crazy driving, music everywhere and police cars that always flash their lights (but not their sirens) even when they aren't trying to pull someone over. This is just the way things are on the island.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad at all....actually quite nice. We just returned from a family vacation and stayed at this hotel the first week in July. I was a bit skeptical from reading all the negative reviews but I must say I was NOT disappointed. Check in was painless although the lobby seemed a bit crowded the entire week we were there. We were upgraded to an ocean view room at no extra cost which was great. We had our By Request goodies in our room when we arrived. Our mini bar however was completely empty the whole time but we didn't even mention it because we bought our own goodies at the Walgreens so we did not sweat that small stuff. We absolutely LOVED the pools. My kids (12 and 3) both had a blast there. The beach is tiny but during the week was not crowded and it was fine. The restaurants however are extremely expensive....$10.00 for a hamburger....ridiculous..okay so you get fries with it....still too expensive. I wasn't thrilled about the local restaurants nearby either. I was looking for more authentic Puerto Rican food which I wasn't impressed by what they consider Authentic....especially Ajili Mojoli. We were NOT impressed by the food there at all and the waiter was not the friendliest either. I think he might have been annoyed by my 3 year old son. If you have preschoolers or toddlers, don't go here to eat!! I regret it after we were seated and looking at the menu but didn't want to walk out especially since it was raining out. I hated that we had to travel so far (Old San Juan was the closest we found) for some good ol' Alcapurias, Rellenos de papa, Bacalaitos, Pionones, Molsillas or Pasteles. That's the kind of food we were looking for. One thing I enjoyed almost everywhere I went was the coffee. Even at Subways they had some good old Puerto Rican coffee. The best was the little Mexican place with the $5.75 breakfast. I forgot the name of it but it's right next to Waikiki. You sit overlooking the ocean waves hitting the rocks and enjoy good breakfast and EXCELLENT coffee! Anyway I digress....the Wyndham was a good spot. I called about our TV twice and both times had someone at our door in 10 minutes. At check out, there were some discrepancies with our bill but those were taken care of immediately. Overall we had an absolutely great time in Puerto Rico and I'm looking forward to going again. For a good price (under $150 per night) I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4-Star Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Condado from July 2 - July 9. This hotel is definitely NOT a 4-Star hotel. The rooms were clean, but the carpet needs replacing. The larger pool with the bar in it is full of kids and only 3 feet deep. YUCK! We spent our time in the salt water poole which was 6 feet deep. Both the salt water poole and the jacuzzi need work, broken tiles, rusting etc.We got the AARP rate so I guess itg was adequate for what we paid but I would not stay there again. If your room is in the front of the hotel it is extremely noisy due to street noise. We also felt that the air conditioning the rooms could have been cooler. The store in the hotel as well as the food is OUTRAGEOUSLY PRICED!!!!!! $8.00 for a hot dog!If you want to go to Bacardi or Old San Juan or the Plaza de Americas - take the bus B21 it's only 25 cents!!!!!!The people in PR were very friendly and helpful.Hope this helps someone.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Knights3254
<Content>Don't stay here....front staff was not helpful I stayed at the hotel from June 30th-July 4th, 2005. I was disappointed with the service at this 4 star hotel. I would say this is more likely closer to a 3 star resort. I was treated rudely at check in, got there around noon and was told I would not be able to check in until 3 pm. When I got to my room it was an ocean front room, quite nice room but not 4 star in my opinion. The ice machine I reported the first day I was there did not work and was told they would be up to fix it. 5 days later when I left the ice maker on 3rd floor still did not work. Was told by front desk Go to 5th floor to get ice. This is not what I expect from a 4 star hotel. I had the pleasure of eating in the Italian Family Restaurant on Mezzanine Level and it was wonderful. Max's Diner was good as well both can be pricey. For breakfast there are 3 choices I would recommend Subway down the street, Godfather 3 restaurant had 1.95 breakfast and a restaurant right on ocean with breakfast on the patio for 5.75. Subway breakfast was surprisingly good. Pools are nice, especially salt water pool and beach is not very clean. Across the bridge from casino on ground level is another great pool,whirlpool, steam room and sauna. Free to hotel guests exercise room available for 7.00 a day fee. Tony Roma's restaurant there as well.I was pleased with room and maids were nice and gave extra shampoo, conditioner and soap when requested. Checkout was nice to do on TV, elevator did not work 4th of July so I was forced to go down the pool elevator to get out of this hotel. I would not stay here again. Grounds were nice and the breeze from ocean was wonderful. Had a good time at Casino as well. But I would stay elsewhere if returned to Condado.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here!!! I stayed at the Condado with my boyfriend for 4 nights 5 days. Check in was disasterous! Check in time is 3pm at the hotel and by 4:45 we were finally in our room! The staff was so rude! I witnessed a Front Desk Clerk threaten a customer to be thrown out all because he did not want her to wait on him because of the was she had been treated other customers!! I spent 5 days walking on eggshells afraid to say something that might 'upset' the staff! The rooms were ok but are in need of an update. We had curtains with stains and holes on them. The only good thing about this vacation was the day we left!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay and nice time My husband and I recently returned from the Wyndham Condado last week, June 5-10th. We had an absolute fabulous stay at this hotel. Below are several tips on getting the most for your $$ while on vacation. Upon arrival in San Juan we took a 10 minute taxi ride from the airport to the hotel for $12 total. The hotel is in the tourist zone so the taxis have increasing fees for various zones (this is zone 3 and not bad for the money). I should also note the taxis have a minimum charge of $3/person. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in with our Wyndham By Request # (signup for this program online before your trip as it definitely has its advantages). Although we book our trip through Expedia -in which the program doesn't apply to online bookings (only through travel agents, Wyndham reservations or tour companies) - we were still upgraded to an oceanfront room free of charge and complimentary soda and snacks were placed in our room the next day by housekeeping (part of your preferences w/the program). The room is nice and spacious - parlor, walk-in closet w/safe, bathroom, queen bed w/sofa sleeper and balcony. There's a beautiful view of the ocean. The pools had a steady flow of people during the day; however, the pool bar was always empty. A lot of the guests, as well as my husband, took luxury in relaxing in the lagoon right outside the main pool. The beach advertised in the photos is a very small public beach (all beaches in Puerto Rico are public and access is open to all). During the week it was not very crowded and there's plenty of fish swimming up to you - so feel free to snorkel. The grounds are well manicured and very secure. The hotel restaurants are EXTREMELY, EXTREMELY expensive. However, this is easily remedied by venturing outside the hotel. To the left and about 1 block 鈥?1 mile away there are several restaurants which you can find good deals (Waikiki, Chilis, Subway, Wendys, Pizza Hut), and for authentic Puerto Rican food (Ropa Vega, Ajoli Mojoli, Caf茅 De Angel). We also ate dinner at Tony Romas which wasn't very expensive (spent about $50). There is a Walgreens (near the Marriott) and Liquor Store down this strip to get snacks, pop and water to store in the small in-room refrigerator. The hotel charges $7 for one bottle of beer but you鈥檙e better off paying $10.99 for a six pack at the store. The casino is nice and has a steady stream of customers. However, neither my husband nor I are gamblers so we didn鈥檛 venture much in this realm. Another interesting tip if you鈥檙e going into Old San Juan just take Bus 21 and pay .25垄 for the 10-15 minute ride. It runs about every 30 minutes and stops right outside the hotel. A good place to eat is Barrachina 鈥淗ome of the Pina Colada鈥?on Fortaleza St. They'll give you a small sample of their world famous pina colada. As for excursions, the El Yunque tour ($45) is well worth the money as a guide drives you and other couples along the coast east to Fajardo. You鈥檒l see a lot more of the island and learn some good historical information along the way. The Bacardi Rum Tour is overpriced and can be done for much cheaper. Again, take Bus 21 (.25垄) to Old San Juan then go to Pier #2 to take the Ferry (.50垄) to Cantaneo. Once there pay $3/person for the taxi to the Bacardi distillery which is free to enter plus each person gets two free drink tickets. In total we paid $15 roundtrip for the both of us. While at the plant you鈥檒l have to chance to purchase rum and lots of it at a really cheap price (except Bacardi 151 it won鈥檛 be allowed on the plane). ALL IN ALL, WE REALLY ENJOYED OUR TRIP, THE HOTEL AND PUERTO RICO. I HOPE THESE TIPS HELP WITH YOUR VACATION PLANNING AS I KNOW TRIPADVISOR DID WHEN WE PLANNED OURS.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL We just returned and wanted anyone who is interested in reviews to know that this hotel was wonderful. The service exceeded all expectations. The pool was wonferful, the beach was great, the people were wonderful and very helpful. San Juan is a must see. Lots to do. Hotel staff is very accommodating.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprise Surprise We weren't sure what to expect, particularly of the staff or the room. But after a much delayed flight, the people at the front desk were incredibly helpful... Definitely sign up for Wyndham by Request--we got upgraded to a room overlooking the ocean, with a beautiful view, wine, cheese, fruit when we arrived, plus easy late check out. The restaurants are expensive, but a short walk away are some amazing restaurants--good values like Ropa Vieja--and a 25 cent bus ride away is Old San Juan or Isla Verde (go to Mi Casita). I would definitely recommend this, although there is no beach, you can lie by the pool and look out onto the ocean. Its the next best thing.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gunta
<Content>Grrreat! My husband and I just came home from a 4 night vacation at the Wyndham Condado Plaza over the Memorial Day weekend. We had a wonderful room with a balcony overlooking the ocean. The weather was absoulutely gorgeous which made it even more enjoyable. We were upgraded by Wyndham By Request to a full breakfast every morning. I was a little concerned after reading some of the awful reviews on this hotel. Yes, it is old, yes the carpeting should be replaced, yes some of the staff is not very helpful, but all in all it was a wonderful vacation. We are not hotel snobs and didn't sweat the small stuff. Don't be turned off by this hotel, it is worth the price!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cheesehead1
<Content>Not bad, not great The Condado area and the Wyndham Condado Plaza are a little tired and past their prime, but the location is convenient for business or tourism. Service was nothing special but not terrible. This hotel is not up to mainland Wyndham standards, true for all PR hotels I've stayed in.The restaurant has an excellent view of the ocean with waves crashing in, but there is no beach facing the ocean (rocks). The food in the restaurant was passable, but overpriced (as for most of San Juan), and the service was nothing special.There is a lot of construction as the PR government demolished the old convention center, replaced with a nice park and boardwalk, and is restoring two hotels, including La Concha (should have demolished it  started over). There is a huge new convention center being built across the bay from OSJ on an old military base.I stayed 3 nights at the Condado Plaza for a business trip. 19th floor room was OK and had a nice balcony and an enormous walk in closet. The hotel is on the end of the Condado hotel zone within view of Old San Juan and the fortress. There is a tiny beach area on one end of the hotel overlooking the bridge between Condado and Old San Juan (also under construction), and a decent pool area with fresh and salt water pools. Photo is taken from pool area. There are a number of restaurants and shops in walking distance, and a short cab ride to Old San Juan and the cruise port. I did not use the casino but it was cramped, crowded, smoky and tacky with an obnoxiously loud, bad salsa band.The beaches for most of the hotels on Condado are narrow, and not safe after dark. If you go toward the beach after dark, cops in body armor will shoo you back to the street. Ashford Avenue is safe and heavily patrolled, but the side streets are not recommended at night, and there is a large, dangerous public housing project between Condado and the freeway. If you are looking for beach action, stay in the Isla Verde area or at one of the all-inclusive resorts with private beaches. Old San Juan is much improved over the last 5 years and well worth touring, as is the fortress.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great ending to my vacation I had stayed at this location after a Carnival Cruise. I was pleasantly surprised. The staff was friendly and professional. My room was 5th floor ocean view, perhaps an upgrade for being a Wydham By Request guest. I arrived early and was told my room was not ready but after explaining I was alone she put me in this room. I found the room to be very spacious, the most room I have ever had at any hotel I have stayed in. The water pressure was also excellent! I had walked towards the city center (I think) and took many photos of the park and other points of interest. The hotel is within walking distance to some local restaurants and chains ones as well. Some shopping in the area but I had been doing enough of that on the cruise. The pool area was very nice and the hammocks were sheer bliss, the perfect relaxing place in my eyes. I can not comment on the casino as I do not gamble but there are many hotels to choose from in PR that offer this. I went to one of the bars outside of the casino where they had a live salsa band. I would definitely stay here in the future.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KarenL
<Content>Very mediocre Stayed here last Sunday.Very tired rooms and hotel common areas.Casino pretty worn and the Lobby bathrooms were filthy!It is also not in the greatest area for Tourists...Police cars crusing by every 5 minutes. Super Puerto Rican Restaurant within walking distance but that's about the only plus!  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay!       Small beach area  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jmesbah
<Content>Nice hotel, needs a little updating. Good Price. We arrived at the Wyndham Condado for a three night stay over the weekend. I was a little nervous, after reading some of the reviews here. However, I was overall satisfied with our stay. Check in was fine. Staff were curtious and attentive. I joined Wyndham by Request, and when we arrived, our choice of wine and cheese were there. Very nice. We are not gamblers, but the casino was jumping. We played tennis in the morning, and there was no problem getting a reservation. Our room was well cleaned, sheets included, every morning. For the price we paid, I believe this is a good value. To be honest, there were a few things that caught our eye: This hotel does need a facelift. Carpets and walls were well worn. Our room was nice, but overall things could be updated. I am not usually petty; however, the condition of the carpets in the hallways really stood out, and gave this hotel a motel feel. If you prefer a beach setting this is not your place. The beach is tiny. The pool area is nice. If you have children they will love the water slide. Overall the pool/beach area was just ok. Again, hate to complain - just pointing out a few problems. We chose to take the C10- .25 cent bus to Ocean Park beach. Now there is a beach!! Beautiful. On a good note: The bed, and down comforters, and pillows were excellent. Very Very comfortable. Shower pressure, excellent (which is a definate plus in the Carribean!). We took the advice of some previous posters and headed down the block to La Hacienda for an absolute delicious breakfast next to the open windows overlooking the ocean. Our check for two was never over $15.00. (B'fast at the hotel is $18.00 per person!). Definately stay away from the hotel restaurants in general. They are so overprice, and service is usually so-so. There is a small coffee shop on the street at the bottom of the entrance of the hotel that sells great coffee and snacks all day, again, much less expensive than inside the hotel. For dinner we headed to Old San Juan every night. Can't go wrong with the many choices of restaurants on Calle Forteleza. Especially Tantra. (What A Meal!! What Service!!) Take a cab to this street and check out all the great restaurants. It is worth the $10 cab ride.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice resort, but problems at the front desk I stayed at the Wyndham Condado from April 16-23 (Spring Break) with 37 of my high school students. The actual resort is nice - pools, grounds, jacuzzis, rooms, lobby, etc. The beach area is TINY, but still nice. My kids snorkeled and saw brightly colored fish, squid and even barracuda. Food at the pool restaurant was good and fairly priced! ($11 for cheeseburger plate) The rooms were spacious, but gently worn. This hotel is nothing like the Wyndham El Conquistador in Fajardo, but it still is nice! The oceanfront rooms are MUCH NICER than the other ones! Ask for an oceanfront room at the end of the hall. I had 344 and it was lovely! We ate dinner at Max's Grill one evening and the food was delicious. The presentation was beautiful and the salmon and scallops were to die for!($25) Another evening we ate next door at Ropa Vieja ($18). It was very good, too. My three disappointments were that EVERY DAY, several of our room keys didn't work, one day my door wouldn't lock when I closed it and alsothe front desk checked another couple into my daughter's room at 1 AM when she was in bed. Imagine someone walking into your room like that!  The hotel is on Ashford Avenue, which is very safe. We did day tours and this hotel's location was excellent ! Don't believe all the garbage you read from the poor reviews. It isn't a five star hotel, but the price you pay isn't for a five star!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mmc95
<Content>Good for the price We stayed at the Condado at the end of April and it was perfect for what we needed. We had a room overlooking the ocean, which was very nice. (the first night our room overlooked the street and it was incredibly noisy) We didn't spend much time at the hotel itself, btu when we were there it was a pleasant experience. The bus was ideally located outside the hotel so we traveled to Old San Juan. We also spent one evening in the Isla Verde section (eat at Metropol - food is great and cheap). The hotel booked a tour to the rainforest for us and we stopped at Luquillo Beach after. Both were very ncie. We only spent one day by the pool and on the beach. The pool area is very nice with chairs near the water and although the beach is incredibly small and near the road, it seemed that only hotel guests were using it and the water was very calm and clear. Because of all the rocks near the beach, I was able to see lots of fish without snorkling gear (although you can rent it from the hotel for $6, it is very rocky) Ajili Mojili was good but even less expensive and better was Rioja Vehia (sp?) closer to the Condado and on the same side of the street. The food at the hotel is a little pricey and not worth it except for lunch by the pool. But the fruity rum drinks by the pool are great. Overall the hotel was in a perfect location and was exactly what we needed for the price that we paid.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mws813
<Content>Excellent Stay We stayed at the the Wyndham for a 1 night after an 11 day cruise and really liked the place. The rooms were very clean and nice, great location, and they had a very nice large casino! There are also several restaurant choices in the hotel and there is a couple more dining choices down the street. We ate at Chili's and it was one of the best Chili's I have ever ate at. Our waiter Saul was the best waiter we have ever had in PR. I would recommend this hotel, especially to people coming and going on cruises!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable stay My husband and I just got back from beautiful Puerto Rico where we had a great time staying at the Wyndham Condado for our anniversary. We stayed the week of April 18-22. I was a little worried about what I might encounter there from the previous reviews, but was very happy to discover that this place was very nice and clean. Check-in took only 5 minutes. We paid for a City View and were given one of the best rooms on the 9th floor in the Lagoon Towers. We had a corner room (#981) with a fantastic view of the pool, lagoon and ocean! We also had a wrap-around balcony which we enjoyed having our cocktails on. Everyone working there was very personable and attentive to our needs. One afternoon it rained almost the whole day so we rented a movie in our room which we couldn't get to work. Within minutes of calling the front desk, they sent someone up to fix it. Very impressed by the response time. The prices for drinks were a bit pricey so we found a liquor store just down the block and bought our own wine and beer and kept it in the room's refrigerator. We also ate at Hacienda Don Jose which is right on the ocean (right down the block from the hotel). Breakfast is only $5.75 for coffee, juice, eggs, bacon or pancakes. The bus (line B21) into Old San Juan stops right in front of the hotel and cost only .25 cents. Old San Juan is beautiful and a must see. They have live entertainment in the Casino Lounge which we enjoyed before going out to dinner every night. We hope you enjoy your stay in Puerto Rico as much as we did.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Wyndham Condado Plaza Hotel and Casino My sister and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the Wyndham Condado Plaza. We found everything there to our liking. At first glance from the cab ride from the airport, we were disappointed in the view of the lagoon and wished we were staying on a resort on the ocean. However, we discovered the beautiful grassy knoll on the hotel grounds above the ocean crashing on the rocks. Plenty of comfortable chaises, chairs, tables and hammocks. Beautiful ocean breezes. We ate lunch at the pool bar every day and found the prices and service wonderful. We discovered 2 great places for breakfast and dinner within a very short walk from the hotel. We had full eggs/bacon breakfasts at the Nueva Hacienda by the open windows overlooking the ocean crashing on the rocks. Breakfasts were around $5 and wonderful, especially the coffee with steamed milk. The Waikiki next door was even more scenic as we sat outside on the terrace and again watched the ocean crashing on the rocks beneath us. Meals were under $20 for dinner. One night we went to a highly recommened restaurant, called Ajili Mojily (slightly more high end) on the lagoon side. We didn't have a table with a view, but had an enjoyable meal with a very friendly staff, and the highest price meal was around $26. The casino at the Condado Plaza was good size for Puerto Rico and we had fun there too. Even though we had a City View (cheapest) room, we had a slight view from the balcony of the lagoon and the kayak races across the street. FYI, I booked our rooms through Expedia, so the Wyndham would not accept our membership for the welcome baskets or room upgrades. They only honor membership if you book directly through the Wyndham reservation desk. I never did get to try the brownie sundae highly recommended on this site, but it was under $5 even though the ice cream parlor was in the hotel. I found the prices of meals in San Juan and even in the hotel to be quite reasonable (in comparison to Ft. Lauderdale, FL). We thoroughly enjoyed our trip and stay in Puerto Rico and will plan to go back there again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brisner2000
<Content>Wyndham Condado Just returned from 8 days in the British Virgin Islands and decided to explore Puerto Rico on the way back. We stayed 3 nights at the Wyndham Condado, April 1, 2 and 3, 2005. We'd heard some awful reviews, but our friends had booked the hotel for 1 night and we just decided to extend the stay and remain at the Wyndham Condado. We loved it and Puerto Rico both!......We registered with Wyndham by Request as suggested in advance. Check in took 5 minutes maximum. We had a room over looking the bay across the street. The room was clean and spacious. Nice view of the bay with a small patio. Room had a coffe maker and tea always kept stocked each day. Wyndham by Request left beer, fruit and cheese and water in our room on day 2. My boyfriend is a picky eater....so when he finds a restaurant he likes, it's hard to get him anywhere else....as a result we ate dinner each night in the Italian Restaurant located in the hotel. Food was great (we always had one of the specials, Mahi-mahi or medallions of beef with pasta on the side) and a glass of wine, all very good. Dinner ran about $75 per night for both of us. Breakfast at the hotel is expensive. About $30 for your basic eggs, bacon, toast breakfast. There is an extensive buffet for about $18 per person. The casino is small (of course we go to Las Vegas quite a bit, so there's no comparison), too many nickel slots. Our friend sat at one of the black-jack tables and complained about it taking 45 minutes to get a drink. ....My complaint: Most machines require a hand-pay for any jackpots over $50.00 - $100.00 and on 3 occassions I sat for more than 45 minutes each time waiting to get paid. Things to do: We took a cab to see the forts and explore Old San Juan on foot the first day. Our cab driver took us to Fort (Cristobal?) and we began exploring this fort first, great veiws Old San Juan and the wall extending all the way to the 2nd fort (El Morro?). Beautiful walk along the coast connects the 2 forts with vendors selling things on the stroll from one to the next. So many kids flying kites when you arrive at El Morro - a beautiful sight!.....Then, we had Frommers Puerto Rico and it contains a map and walking tour of Old San Juan that really helps you to know what the buildings are that you're seeing, (highly recommended). One thing it doesn't mention that you must do, (told to us by our cab driver), when you stop at the Old Church, proceed directly across the street and walk down to the bottom of the hill to see the only remaining gate to the city built by the Spanish. (there were originally 6 gates). Another beautiful spot. 2nd day booked a tour right from the hotel, the Rio Muy Caves and Arecibo Observatory. Caves were amzing. Took about 1 1/2 hours from the hotel by van. You travel in a tram down to the cave entrance (it's massive!) and you go on a walking tour with a guide for a bit over an hour). Not much to see at Arecibo, but it is an amazing sight if you remember the movie Contact with Jodie Foster - it's there! - There's a room with lots of scientific interactive things to do, but we enjoyed it. Back to the hotel and we enjoyed the salsa music and watched the great dancers right in the hotel that night!....So, people were so friendly everywhere we went, we loved it...enjoy  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravellerFairfax
<Content>Nice Hotel- Good location We just came back from SJU Tuesday. We were there for 4 days. Check in was smooth. Took about 10 mins. They could not find the reservationRoom was across the hotel ( Lagoon Towers). Nice Room with a balcony. Definetely take higher floors. Traffic noise can be disturbing. Even on 8th floor, we did get some noiseResturants are expensive and not worth it. Walk one block to Oceanfront for Breakfast. Nice location, Ocean ViewLunch is also good. Many walk to Subway next door. Take .25 Cent ride to Old San Juan, avoid Taxi 10 $. Only problem is that Bus runs till 9 PM. Do the Old Walking trip and El Morro Trip. Did the Rainforest Tour ( 40 $/pp). Small Beach, Not worth it. Take a cab to Isle Verde, Housekeeping was good. Called for some items, Were delivered in 10 mins. called back to confirm it.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was Pleasantly Surprised Just returned after a 5 day stay (Easter week) at the Hotel. Before my departure to PR, I read all the reviews on this hotel and was actually thinking about cancelling my reservations at the Wyndham Condado and staying elsewhere. However, I was pleasantly surprised. Our check-in was quick and the staff was courteous. Our room was not ready upon check-in and was told to return in about 1 hour. One hour later the room was ready and it was an ocean view room with a balcony. An upgrade from what I had paid for. Rooms are old but clean. I found restaurants in the hotel to be expensive. Definitely walk down the street and go to Ropa Vieja for authentic PR food. The mexican restaurant is great for breakfast and dinner and Wakiki next to the mexican restaurant is good also. Sit in the back and enjoy the ocean view. Good food and inexpensive compared to the hotel.The beach is nothing to talk about but we took a cab ride to Ocean Park Beach and it was beautiful. Wide clean beach and beautiful, wavy ocean. I do have a comment about the beach at the Wyndham and that is the guy who brings you your lounge chair. Talk about rude!!Pool area is nice, plenty of lounge chairs. If you want a drink, you are better off going to the bar yourself. Not enough waiters.We took the $.25 bus ride to Old San Juan. Nice shops, restaurants and visited El Morro. Nice day but plan on lots of walking, wear sneakers.Walk down Ashford to Walgreens and stock up on water, lotion, etc. Everything in and near the hotel is expensive. Lots of police presence so I always felt safe.All in all, we had a wonderful time and would return.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't expect special treatment on your honeymoon We stayed here for the first three nights of our honeymoon. They promised us an ocen view room, which we did not receive. Even after explaining to the front desk it was our wedding night. They gave us a crappy room across from the elevator which was noisy all night long. We only had a lagoon view, which is not very caribbean. The a/c is mixed with smoke and people are in and out all night due to the casino. Even if you have a nonsmoking room you will always smell smoke. The lobby won't let you wear your swimsuit and the restaurants are overpriced and rude. Our toliet broke and we kept calling and requesting a repair, it flushed every minute! Made it hard to sleep. Finally, my husband got so mad he had to fix it himself in the middle of the night, good thing he is an engineer, since he didn't have any tools. The restaurant with the ocean view was so cold and over air conditioned we left once we were seated because it was uncomfortable. We ate at the recommended Puertican restaurant down the rode and it was yummy, but I got food poisioning I think from the water. Everything is way overpriced. I couldn't believe it. Would rather have been in St. Thomas or Hawaii or Mexico. I would recommend staying in Old San Juan, everyone who stayed there seemed to have a better time. The location of this hotel is bad. There are no activities the hotel is pretty dead, people are rude and we did not feel like it was our honeymoon at all. We were happy when we got on the cruise ship and got treated nice, it was like our honeymoon began after we left. The streets are dirty traffic is bad and the hotels surrounding this place are ripped to shreds from a hurricaine. I would try somewhere else. There isn't much to do, and if you are looking for a Puerto Rican experience you will be disappointed when you see Tony Roma's across the street.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable stay! Overall: We visited San Juan this March for 4 nights and stayed at the Wyndham Condado. Lovely experience at the Wyndham for the price, (booked on Expedia) comfortable rooms, good location, on a small beach, plenty of pools, lots of restaurants around. Good value for the price -- mid range family hotel in San Juan.Rooms - We paid for a City View, got a room in Laguna Towers (across the street from the lobby  beach), connected via casino hall, had a beautiful balcony overlooking the water. Definitely try to get a room with balcony that faces the water (also, perhaps I was upgraded through Wyndham By Request). The room was comfortable and perfectly adequate - upon close inspections some of the wood is chipped/scratched, but not a big deal. (I've stayed luxury hotels like the Mandarain/Ritz, it is NOT that, but neither are the prices.) Bathrooms were quite small and our phone did not work well, we tried to get someone to fix it, but it never really worked. However, not that important to us!Hotel - Tennis courts were $10/hr, we NEVER had a problem reserving or using a court. The pools were gorgeous although at one pool they had a DJ that was playiing music loudly, but we just went to another pool area. Plenty of chairs, umbrellas, towels, always available. The beach is quite small, so one day we spent the day there, the next day we took a $10 cab ride to Isla Verde to a larger beach. By the water sports area it took some time trying to rent a double kayak (first time we stopped they didn't have any available, second time we got one), but it was beautiful paddling around the lagoon. To check out, the service is quite slow, we stood in a long line, but we were so relaxed on vacation, we didn't care too much! The maids were fine (a little loud clanging in the hallways in the morning), pool waitstaff was perfectly nice.Food - We took the $0.25 bus ride to Old San Juan, visited El Morro and the other fort. We had lunch inside some local mall, very authentic Puertican food! Another place I would recommend for lunch (we never woke up in time for breakfast!) by the Wyndham Condado is a small Mexican place down the street, don't know name, but wonderful ocean view, terrific food (slow service) reasonable prices. We also visited Ajili Mojili for upscale PR food (average rating, expensive) and La Casita in Isla Verde (very good local food, cheap, moderate diner ambience), Tona Roma's in the hotel (good for American ribs! moderate prices), sushi in the hotel (pretty good too).Other - We also visited the Zen Spa near the hotel - great experience!! Very reasonable prices (at least vs. NYC) and had a lovely massage. Also, the concierge desk at the Wyndham was always swamped so I would research where you want to go before you get down there. We could not get into the DragonFly restaurant since we had not put our name on the waiting list, so I'd do that before!I would definitely recommend staying at the Wyndham Condado for a reasonably priced long weekend in San Juan! Not everything is perfect, but if you can roll with the small things (waiting in checkout line, waiting for concierge, broken phone), it's a pleasant stay for all the other aspects!!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too shabby My husband and I spent 5 nights at the Condado at the end of February 2005. I had previously read reviews on this website, and found them to be quite accurate. Definitely join Wyndham by Request (takes a few minutes online). I did and we were able to get a room upgrade from one facing the bay to an ocean view...definitely much nicer and wonderful to listen to the ocean at night. If you are looking for a beach resort, this is not the place for you. The beach is a tiny public area right next to a small bridge and not even worth going to. The pool area is very nice, though, and overlooks the sea. We were not impressed with the food at the pool grille. Service was slow and the food was disappointing, the hamburgers were inedible. Drinks were good, but there weren't enough waiters circulating the pool area and we usually had to go to the bar to get them. We ate in the Italian restaurant, and the food was good and very reasonably priced. We had breakfast in the Oceanfront place right next to the hotel, which was about $5 for a full b'fast and a lovely view of the sea. Also right outside of the hotel, Ropa Vieja was a great spot for an authentic and delicious dinner. In Old San Juan, we had dinner at Dragonfly, a trendy Asian-Spanish fusion place. It was very overpriced for tiny portions (ie. $24 for 6 scallops) and we were still hungry after leaving, but the atmosphere was enjoyable. If you need something in the hotel, service is very slow. There was no hairdryer in my room and I had to call 3 times and wait 50 minutes for someone to bring one up. Overall, I would say this is a mid-range hotel, not for a discriminating traveler, but a nice break from the cold New York winter.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Cheef45
<Content>Average Hotel - Above Average Rates I just returned from Puerto Rico. I wanted a quick getaway for me and my family. I chose the Wyndham Condado for the fact that the online photos of the place and description were very nice. Also for the fact that it had the most affordable rate for the busy week we traveled (Holy WeeK 3/21/05). My first impression was good. After we caught a cab from the taxi stand directly outside the airport we headed straight for the Wyndham which was a 10 minute drive. The hotel was decent and located in a seemingly busy area Condado. There are two different buildings with a clear tunnel connecting the two buildings. The side where we stayed was called the Lagoon and I am not sure what the other building was called. Check in was also decent although our room wasnt quite ready do to the early check in. Lucklly I had family already staying at the hotel at time of check in. I went up to see my other family's room. I have to be honest and say that i was NOT impressed at all. I thought the photos were a bit misleading. The rooms seemed to be old and dingy in appearance such as carpeting and furniture. Maybe it had to do with the building we were in but who knows. The room had a separate sitting area couch, TV, etc. The mini bar was unstocked even though it was mentioned that there is a mini bar in the room which will be replenished daily. There was a little balcony outside with a view of the streets below, a portion of the ocean, and the other building. MY room however was more like a suite i dont understand why because we both paid the same rate. The room was much better than that of my other family's. Much more roomier, and a much bigger balcony WITH a table and two chairs. Even though the building and rooms seemed old, there were good points. The bed was nice, the pillows were great, the bathrooms were clean and the shower is superb. The water pressure or the shower head was almost a massaging type of feeling. Very nice. SOmething you'd have to experience to understand. Our room was cleaned every day with bed made and towels, toiletries replenished daily. I didnt interact with much of the staff there but the staff hailing the cabs and greeting you were very friendly. The pool area is also nice. The view from out there was great. The scenery looked very nice. You can see the water crashing against the rocks right in front of you. This area is to the side of the pool where hammocks and long chairs were set up. The pool is on the other side of the building but you can easily commute through the tunnel. The beach is really nothing to talk about. I believe it is public so anyone can go there. But there is security at the entrace between the beach and the hotel property to limit entrance by non-hotel guests. Its very small and not very tempting. If you want to enjoy the PR beach then this place isnt recommended. This area is more of the city. I havent seen any reviews on the casino in this place. From first glance it doenst seem very big. but it is a really good size with a lot of machines and tables. When you actually enter and walk around you get the feel of the size. Again, everything seemed old though. The machines were old, the carpeting looked old. But they do pay. We had luck on the slots! I cant comment on the restaurants there. We ate out at the restaurants down the block from the hotel. I wanted Puerto Rican food. You HAVE to sample the local restaurants! Ever had Puerto Rican coffee? There is a Tony Roma's in the lobby of the Lagoon bldg. The service was great. I also noticed a japanese place but there were hardly anyone there. To sum everything up...I had a great time in Puerto Rico, loved the food and was content with the hotel. If you want a fabulous beach resort I wouldnt recommend it here. IF you wanted to come out have fun, enjoy more things outside the hotel and tour then this place should be taken into consideration, although I would have expected a nicer place for the money. Speaking of touring I recommend renting a car for a few nights, get a map and ask the staff for directions. The hotel tour prices were crazy and it only included basically going to and from different locations. I found every where very easily - We did the rainforest (great), Old San Juan (nice), and Belz outlet shopping (also nice). I hope this helps! Enjoy....  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cinnman45
<Content>Know What You Want       atmosphere for breakfast  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, though not luxury       View from balcony of our cityview room  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Condado not for Romance The Wyndham is a great hotel with great staff, however it is probably not the best place for a romantic getaway. We were greeted at every turn during our stay this past week with a sea of 12-14year olds in the international Junior women's field hockey tournament. The location is great for getting to Old San Juan but the beach is pretty small. They also had a huge high school party across the hall from the casino on Friday night.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bien I can say that the room and room view were very nice! The pool area was great!!! We did not eat there. The skyway connecting the casino to the hotel was cool. The hotel and casino area needs new carpet. Needs it now. It is in a good location. The beach area was very nice. My wife and I had a very good time there.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not so good this hotel is not so good, the location is awful, it is sandwiched on the road and there is just a tiny beach. our room faced the street and was very loud. the pool is OK but i've seen much better. the hotel has no happening spots - no disco, no lobby bar. the food was sooooo overpriced and one meal i had was so disgusting that i could not eat it. hotels down the road in isle verde are a much better choice.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great stay we saw some negitive reviews and started to worry. to this day i can't figure out how anyone could not like this place. we got a free up grade over looking the ocean. the people where great and eager to help you. the rooms were excellent and very clean. the beach was small but very nice and the pool was wonderful. we would return in a minute.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Whispy3
<Content>An honest review with helpful hints!! Just returned from the Wyndham Condado, March 9-13 and it definately served the purpose. We wanted a few days away from the cold and the snow, someplace that was close and had hot sunny days. The hotel is only 15 minutes from the airport, no problem getting a taxi at the airport. We are Wyndham By Request members and when we checked in they upgraded us to a junior suite, we originally just asked for a standard King. To be honest, we ended up seeing what a standard King room looked like and the set up of the room was nicer since we didn't use the front room with the table and chairs. The bathrooms are not designed well at all. Only one person can use it at a time. Now for some helpful hints... Try not to get a city (street) view room. The noise was not bad on Wednesday and Thursday night, but Friday and Saturday night were VERY noisy. Don't be afraid to walk into the town, (NOT OLD SAN JUAN), but the town where these hotels are. The street is Ashford avenue and we walked one evening for about a mile or so past the Marriott and it was VERY nice and SAFE. Lots of restaurants and plenty of police watching out. There is a Walgreens down that way and if you go one of your first days there, buy some bottled water there, only 99 cents compared to $2.00-$3.00 at the hotel. Don't eat at the Italian restaurant at the hotel. Definately venture out and experience the local places, excellent food. If you walk down near the Marriott the restaurants are busy and looked great, from Danny's Pizza to typical Puertorican cuisine. If you want to play tennis, as we did, make sure you play before 10:00AM. We played every morning, with no problem getting a court. There are two courts with lights, we never tried playing late in the day, but the heat in the morning is intense. The main pool area is GREAT, lots of chairs, a separate salt water pool, hammocks and lots of fun. Nothing nicer than sitting at the pool enjoying some food and drinks. Oh and speaking of food at the pool.... There is a Subway less than a block away and SOOOOO many people would go there and get some subs and return to the pool for lunch. The prices for food at the hotel are high. If you want a treat after dinner, the Ice Cream Parlor in the hotel is delicious!! Take a brownie sundae back to the room and enjoy!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missbigcee
<Content>Great hotel...below average service and food. I stayed at the Wyndham the 1st weekend of March in 2005.I did not have any problems with my room, which was a very good size and kept clean by housekeeping. I called for extra towels and they were brought up promptly and I received a call later to make sure I had enough.The pool and beach area were nice enough-although the music poolside one day was very loud.The hotel itself was clean with lots of things to do if you wanted to participate...massages by the pool, snokeling at the beach, etc.It was also just a 15-20 minute drive to the airport.My main issue was the service, the restaurant waiters were border-line rude. We had to ask for water, butter, etc several times before we received them. They would drop the food off and run before we could get a word out. They seemed annoyed that we did not order the expensive breakfast buffet and ordered from the menu instead. We only had breakfast at the hotel and I would consider it a 6 on a scale of 1-10....for the price ($50 for a party of 3) it was not anything I would recommend.The concierge was abrupt and not helpful, I had been to San Juan 5 times before and knew where I wanted to eat--since these were not the places he got commission from--I had to decline his recommendations a few times AND I had to drag directions out of him each night for the places I wanted to go for dinner. If this hotel could just get the service right it would be a wonderful, wonderful place to stay....so avoid the restaurants and concierge and you'll have a good time.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like a paradise we had come from Norway on vaccation, and there they said they had booked us a nice hotell: San Juan Beach hotel, and that we thought was terrible, we were able to get our 4 last days at Wyndham after we did our cruise. Both me and my boyfriend and our two kids enjoy everything with your hospitality, the room , the view, the pools, the facilities .We had a vaccation in paradise thanks to you all at wyndham..love from Norway..  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mguest
<Content>Pleasant Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Condado Plaza for one night as a result of a American Airlines' flight delay that stranded us in San Juan. Although it was close to 12 midnight when we arrived at the hotel, the check in process was friendly and efficient. Upon our request for a non smoking, king size bed room, we were given a very nice corner room on the 8th floor in the hotel's Laguna Plaza tower. The room was large, comfortable, and clean. The room included a nice work desk with Aero chair, wrap around balcony, and the bathroom was stocked with Golden Door Spa toiletries and a coffee maker. Room service for late night dining, albeit quite limited, was fine; room service for breakfast was fine as well and both took more than 30 minutes to be delivered. Additionally, it was Saturday night and both the casino and music venues were going full force but the hotel has good sound proofing. For frazzled and tired travellers, the Wyndham Condado gave us a pleasant place to rest.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly satisfactory We had overall positive impressions on the hotel, but I think it all turns on how much you paid for your room. At $129 a night, with an ocean view, we thought it was a very good deal and were very happy with the amentities. Positives: Great views with nice balconies on the ocean-facing side. Very nice pool complex with lots of comfortable chairs, hammocks and a truly fabulous waterslide for kids (and the young at heart). Also, the service was friendly and hotel is very conveniently located (close to airport, old san juan and neighboring Ocean Park-- the nicest beach area around.) The 24 hour restaurant and casino are nice amenities. However, the place is not perfect and not quite up to the claimed four star ratings The rooms are a little bit worn. If there is a problem with your room, the service is-- again-- friendly, but SLOW. And the other negative is that, while the ocean views are nice, there is not much of a beach there. However, a easy 5 minute cab ride to Ocean Park, will bring you to WIDE, CLEAN expanses of lovely sandy beaches. (Try the area right in front of the Hostelria del Mar). So-- we had a nice time and were perfectly content; its simply a question of whether you feel are getting a good value for your money. We wouldn't have been satisfied with our experience if we were paying $200 or more.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glad I didnt listen to all the bad rap After spending a week at the Wyndham, I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was quite clean, and the room was a good size, even for 2 adults and 2 teenagers. We did not encounter any security issues-in fact there was a good police presence at the pool area. The lack of a proper beach was not an issue at all as the pool area was large and very nice, with chairs always available. Any concerns we had were met by the staff, such as additional towels for the room. I would most definitely book another stay at this hotel and ignore all the bad press it has received.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't Complain My entire family was scared out of their wits to stay at this hotel after reading the negative reviews on this site. We arrived and the hotel was beautiful. Check-in took 10 minutes maximum. Our room was very very spacious with a large closet and bathroom and a nice view balcony. We stayed at the resort for one night before our Adventure of the Seas cruise, and I wouldn't hesitate to make a long weekend in San Juan at the Wyndham Condado. At night time, the resort comes alive with the bars and the Casino and all the restaurants. This hotel seems to come very underrated.One thing we were not aware of was the hotel's proximity to the ships. At the most it was half a mile from the pier and the taxi ride took 5 minutes at the most. Actually, when we leaned over the balcony in our room at the hotel, we could very well see the ships pulling in and out of the port. Basically, we were very pleased with our stay at the Condado. I would not stay there for an entire week, but it more than served its purpose for what we needed.more questions? email me: kennynj05@msn.com .go stay at Wyndham Condado and have fun.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL This was a very pleasant vacation and we will most likely return again the location is very beneficial if your a shopper .. the bus that passes by about every 15-30 min takes you straight to La Plaza Las Americas the mall which has 500-600 (if not more) stores and 3 movie theaters the bus takes you there for 25 cents each way ... NO TAX .. the only thing is the private beach that is attached to the hotel its very very small and has cigarette buds everywhere but that is my only complaint ..spacious rooms 2 refrigerators very large closet enough for 6 people to fit comfortably too... i dont see why they were so big but it wasn't much of a dislike, it was just the question .. why so big..  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelcac
<Content>It was just fine! We just came back from staying at this hotel as a 1 night stay before our cruise. After reading some of the reviews, I did not know what I was in for! It was just wonderful. We got upgraded to an oceanfront balcony room. I found the hotel staff very accomodating.I would probably rate this hotel as a 3 1/2 to 4 rating out of 5. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great, not bad I read a lot of reviews about the Wyndham Condado and was a little nervous based on the bad reviews. Overall, it's not bad. The rooms were fine (We stayed on the Plaza Club level) and the pool area was very nice. The beach is small, but fine if all you want to do is lay out on a beach. Yes, the main road is on the other side of the wall, but you really couldn't tell when you were by the pool.  Our check in was fine - they really wanted us to be happy with our room choice.  The only negative was the food and the service. The restaurants were average and the food just OK. Very expensive for the quality. The wait staff is not in a hurry to do anything. (Didn't bring water, had the orders wrong here and there.) It's a casual island and it may just be our get it done now mentality that we get aggravated with. Not sure.  The tours in Fajardo were great. Do a catamaran/snorkel trip and the Bioluminecense Bay tour. It's a nice experience.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Condado Fair at Best My husband, daughter and I stayed at the Wyndham Condado, along with my sister and her family the first week of February 2005. We all thought it was fair, at best. We both checked in on different days (her on a Tuesday, us on a Thursday) ... and both thought it to be painfully slow. I happen to be a Wyndham by Request member, and it really didn't even matter. The person checking us in barely said hello and did't offer much information. The rooms are fair as well ... there was no carafe for the coffee maker; the in-room movie didn't work and when we called about this, we were told to expect an engineer to come to our room, but that never happened, and then we had to wrestle to get the $12.99 charge taken off our bill when we checked out. My sister said someone tried to enter her room late at night twice during her stay. Lucky for her a dead bolt is on the door ... their room happened to be on the 7th floor, close to the elevator so perhaps someone held the elevator while someone tried to break into her room. She complained to the hotel security but was given no real insurance that this wouldn't happen again. Pool is lovely and location is great, but all in all, I think that $229 a night is a lot to pay for these types of inconveniences if that is what you would call them.   
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel I've ever staid in! We had paid over 200$ per night at this hotel and for that price I did not expect any problems with the major services that any hotel provides but...: 1.Our room was never properly cleaned. Even such minor things as complimentary coffee and tea were not always replenished. 2.We tried to use movie order from room TV, after trying several times with no luck we requested assistance, no one ever came to our room although we were promised that someone would come in 5 minutes. We also tried to use bill review service that the hotel provides over TV, but it was impossible to get to that option as well.3.One time our keys from the room suddenly stopped working, we had to change them twice to finally be able to open our room.4.Hotel has two elevators in the main lobby. One of the elevators was three times out of order for the 7.5 days we were staying. In addition, it seems that the hotel tries to charge you extra as much as possible. High Speed Internet cost 15$ per day, tennis courts cost in the range from 10$ to 20$ per hour depending how lucky you get. First we were told that the tennis court would cost 10$ during the day and 15$ after 7pm, but when we came at 6 pm to play price amazingly went to 20$ (we paid 10$ at the end since that was the price we were already aware of). Also the gates to the courts were closed and it took an hour for the maintenance personal to open them...Unfortunately, this list is far from being completed here...My advise is to use other hotels for this money.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigAlFromDaBronx
<Content>Better Than I Expected After reading some of the reviews, I frantically tried to get another reservation elsewhere, but without success. So I expected the worse. The hotel is in a major city. Ashford Avenue is a major throughfare in the area. So of course the hotel is located on a street. So is any major hotel in any major city. The hotel is located at the tip of a penisula, with the Atlantic ocean forming the northern border of the hotel. We had a lovely room with a balcony and a very comfortable king size bed overlooking the lagoon. This was a southern exposure, so the balcony was engulfed in the sunshine all day. It was a great location to get to the Pan American cruise terminal, as Ashford Avenue becomes a causeway which leads to the terminal. The hotel was in excellent condition cosmetically, and very clean. The casino was lively with free entertainment along side the Casino. Drinks were priced on the high side, but very well prepared. There was a very reasonably priced Tony Roma's restaurant on the premises, as well as a very good ice cream shop. I am puzzled about the security issues raised in other reviews as the hotel was crowded, people were walking on the streets at night, and the room had its own individual safe. If the El San Juan and the Intercontinental are 4 stars, then this is a 3.5 in comparison. If you consider those 5 star hotels, then this was a 4 star hotel. I stayed at all three, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with this hotel, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rjjj_r
<Content>We were impressed       one of our views of the pool/ beach  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Weekend, wish we had more extra days to stay! I cant beleive the bad reviews! What are these people talking about! I just came back from Condado, was there for Martin Luther King Weekend. I got so scared reading these reviews, I thought i was going to be smelling paint and seeing rennovations but I guess these so called rennovations are over because the hotel is beautiful! We were on the 8th floor with a pretty big room, bigger than we thought. I thought we were going to one of the middle to lower Wyndhams, after all we didnt care about luxury, it was only a weekend. But it was far more high class than I paid for and needed! I am 22 and my fiance is 25 and we are from New York. Believe me, it was more high class than necessary! I dont know what is more beautiful- Puerto Rico or its people! They are so nice, they just want you to be happy. They are very hospitable. There are three pools, and we didnt even have time to go to the salt water because the beach is right there! so warm inside even if it is a little windy. It is small but nice and sandy. I dont know why some people wrote there are rocks. The casino was perfect size. The dealers nice people- even gave us tips while playing! We suggest a few nights out in Isla Verde only 10 minutes away. And the horse back riding on the beach was well worth it, although expedia def. has better package prices. We regret no time for snorkeling, you should get that from expedia beforehand too. Take a walk down the Avenue and eat the Waikiki for lunch. You can go to Miro restaurant for seafood dinner 4 minutes away with a cab. You have like 25 choices of places to eat! Make reservations at Ropa Vieja or Miro. If you are very high maintenance and want to pay double, stay at the Wyndham Isla Verde. You should def. go out to dinner and club there one night, the Wyndham Condado employees will even suggest it. P.R. is beautiful and you can have both romatic time and fun time. Condado is more affordable with more down to earth people, and close to Isla Verde.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsvillekyguy
<Content>You get much less than you pay for at this property, they might even take more $$ than they deserve! Scheduling business in San Juan, I booked four nights at the Wyndham Condado Plaza (normally I stay at a resort in Dorado but wanted to stay closer to Old San Juan this time). Upon arrival I was upgraded to an ocean view at no extra charge which turned out to be the only truely positive aspect of my stay.My first visual impression of the property was that of a run-down resort in much need of renovation. Once reaching the room, that impression was solidified. The grounds, indoor and outdoor guest areas were much of the same, especially lacking in simple cleanliness (including the casino, main pool, outdoor bar  restaurant). The salt water pool and hot tub were closed. The small beach resembled the resort in it's lack of upkeep, abundance of trash and to reiterate one other review . . . it is practically part of the adjacent road. One of the evenings I dined in the main restaurant across from the casino, while the meal was not unsatisfactory (with the exception of being seated next to a walled column with more food stuck on it than what was plated), the service was. On another evening I ordered a Chicken Caesar Salad from room service, when it finally did arrive, the chicken had obviously been cooked hours earlier and was unfit to eat.Now to the real infractions, on my third day there Tropical Storm Jean hit. There was absolutely no notification to guests in any manner before, during or after the storm. For myself, a single traveler, any hotel response would have been appreciated and in my opinion necessary, a hotel's guests and their safety should have been the number one priority. The hotel made the mistake of boarding up fire exits which opened up to outside alcoves  enclosed stairways above the pool, unfortunately should there have been a fire at any location down any floor's west corridor, the only safe passage would have been to jump off of a balcony into 75+ mph winds! Oddly enough, the front doors to the resort where open and the hotel staff were allowing visitors to stand outside in the motor lobby while rather large debris blew right in front of them. On the same day, I was told by the restaurant manager that they had run out of food and due to the electricity outage could not cook anything else. I was lucky I'd had some carry on food  water from the plane trip especially as the mini-bar/refrigerator did not work adequately. Please keep in mind I could not leave the property, the hotel was my only source for food and beverage! The housekeeping staff put bags consisting of a bar of soap and a towel on our doors daily during the storm operation. Although no occupied rooms were cleaned, all vacant ones were to accommodate new guests!?!On what would have been my final evening there, I inquired regarding extending my stay as my flight had been canceled, they were quick to accomodate which I do thank them for. Unfortunately, I'd not slept well for the previous two stormy days and the hotel was operating under limited power so the air conditioning in the rooms was not working. The next morning I overheard another guest saying that Old San Juan was back up with full power so I inquired at the front desk if there was another Wyndham I could transfer to and be more comfortable. The young lady verified that the other Wyndham hotel was fully operational and said I was welcome to go to the other property. She also verified there would be no fees for early departure as I was relocating to another Wyndham for the sake of comfort and was leaving on my original departure day.I did so immediately (which happened to be shortly after check out time) and found an absolutely beautiful hotel, (Wyndham Old San Juan), a wonderfully clean and fresh guestroom, and immediately had a four course luncheon that was simply superb! To finish my story, the Wyndham Condado charged me for the last night in which I transferred to the other hotel. I have contacted everyone from the resort's credit manager, my credit card company, as well as Wyndham's Corporate Guest Staff regarding the double billing and have never received any contact. I've traveled back to San Juan since September (I go an average of three times a year) and stayed again at the hotel in Old San Juan I enjoyed that last evening ... ironically it's now an upscale Sheraton! Not surprising!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JetSetter721
<Content>Stay at ANY other Wyndham but this one! What a dump. I stayed with friends during the week of New Year's Eve. I would never stay at the Wyndham Condado or in Condado at all if I go back to Puerto Rico. If you are young, single, and looking for fun things to do (including a decent beach), do NOT stay at the Wyndham Condado. First off, dealing with the staff was a huge hassle. Check-in was painfully slow, the staff gave us a hard time for requesting extra TOWELS. The concierge of this brand-name hotel couldn't speak any English and were useless in recommending restaurants, bars, beaches, etc. The Condado State Beach is disgusting--it is framed by rocks, trees which don't let any sunshine in, and a rusty bridge surrounded by construction machinery. And it is TINY with NO waves. The beach area was so small and overcrowded most of the time. Pool area okay, but was so windy when I was there that the chairs were flying around. In terms of restaurants and facilities, the restaurant the Wyndham advertised as the greatest seafood place in San Juan wasn't even open anymore. And the spa/salon was inexplicably closed too. Yet they are both widely advertised all over your room.We stayed on the lagoon side, which had a view of ugly rooftops. Our floor smelled like paint and varnish the whole time, and the carpet was moldy and ripped up and ratty. I expected much better from a Wyndham.The hotel was crowded with families and kids, and though the casino was nice, it took forever to get a drink.If you are young and looking to have a fun time in San Juan and a halfway decent beach--stay at the Wyndham El San Juan in Isla Verde (it's worth the splurge) or El Conquistador.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Condado Nightmare We checked in and checked right out. The beach and pool are in the middle of a city street, literally, so it is no wonder there are theft issues. Anyone can walk right onto the public beach, which is 20 feet wide at best with city traffic beeping and rumbling along. The pool is a stone's throw from the sidewalk so again anyone can walk right up to the pool. Something about a security guard at the pool makes one feel less like they are on vacation and more like they are in a carribean prison. Worse yet, they did not even have the room we were promised. We ended up at El Conquistidor and had a lovely vacation.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great but not too bad either We just returned from 6 nights during Christmas week 2004 at the Wyndam Condado Plaza in PR. I joined Wyndam by Request online before I got there so I was able to upgrade to a room with an ocean view (vs. the lagoon side which I had read on Trip Advisor wasn't as nice) we slept soundly each night listening to the ocean waves. The room was adequate and had a refrigerator too. We were very disappointed to learn that the tennis courts were not available to use, and we spent an hour in our tennis clothes before someone could tell us the story. We were told we could play at the Marriot about 1 mile walk -- but they didn't offer us a ride. Who wants to walk in the heat, play tennis and walk back? There were other minor glitches -- we were overcharged for drinks during happy hour, overcharged for parking, got the wrong food at one of the restaurants and surprisingly the manager didn't offer us anything at that hotel eatery ( I should have complained louder), and waited an hour (yes an hour!) for shampoo and conditioner one day. I called Housekeeping 3 times. Lastly, the concierge promised to make us dinner reservations at a local restaurant, but when the restaurant was booked, never contacted us so we were stuck. However, we got the eatery early and had no problem. The concierge was able to book us on a private trip to the Caves when we asked, but never cancelled the driver, after we cancelled the trip because we decided it was too far to travel from San Juan. He woke us up on the day we were supposed to go. I complained about the glitches to the front desk, and we got a free dinner at one of the restaurants, and on the last day, we got $60 off our final bill for our inconveniences. So they tried. Sounds awful? But really, the pool and hot tub were great and the poolside staff was attentive. There was a guy, Angel, who runs games for the kids and is very energetic and fun. My 12 year old LOVED the water slide and must have gone down it 100 times. For breakfast, there are two cheaper places ($5 for full breakfast) 1 minute walk west of the hotel if you want to save some money. I would go back to this hotel if I had to, but I will probably stay at another part of PR, just to get closer to other sights outside of Old San Juan.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>barney01
<Content>Neither horrible nor wonderful I have to say, after reading all the horrible reviews about this hotel, I was VERY trepidatious about staying here. I read such comments as, crowded, smoky lobby, rude, unhelpful staff, dirty rooms with mildewed carpet, etc. However, after being at the hotel for about 3 hours, my husband and I agreed that this was definitely a nice hotel, and we could not understand why there were so many negative reviews.The hotel is in the process of renovating, and if you go in understanding that, you're already ahead of the game. Our room was beautiful and had a great oceanfront balcony. (We may have stayed in one of the rooms that had already been renovated, but I'm not sure.) In any event, I have no complaints about the room. When I travel, all I really ask is that my hotel room is clean, reasonably nice, and receives daily attention from the housekeeping staff. All of these requirements were met with no problem. I am by no means a hotel snob, as I have stayed in plenty of budget- and moderately-priced hotels in my lifetime. However, I've also had a 10-day stay on the club level of the Ritz-Carlton San Juan, so my hotel stays have pretty much run the gamut. This hotel is certainly not the R-C, but it's not the complete opposite either. I've stayed in plenty of Wyndhams, and this hotel is on par with the rest of them. It IS an older hotel, but it IS nice, and it IS being renovated. I would stay there again with no hesitation.A couple of negatives, though. First, the beach is probably the smallest public beach I've ever been to. The hotel does indeed front the ocean, but the beach access is on the side of the hotel, and it is Condado Public Beach. It is a tiny beach with no waves. Basically, the beach is at the very beginning of the Condado Lagoon. It's very rocky, so if you want to get out in the water, bring water shoes. A lot of people in our group enjoyed snorkeling, though, because the waters were calmer than the ocean. I prefer waves and a larger beach, so that's why this was a negative for me. Also, drinks and food are unbelievably expensive in the Condado area, including at the hotel. My husband ordered a Medalla Light (local beer) from the hotel's swim-up bar. It came in a 10 oz. can (not 12 oz.) and was $7.00, which we thought was outrageous. If you stay here, just be prepared to shell out the dough if you eat or drink anywhere in the area. I had also read bad reviews about the pool area. Personally, I thought it was a very nice area, and there were lots of secluded spots to read, take a nap, etc. There's a saltwater pool, a freshwater pool, and a large jacuzzi. We enjoyed the pool area and have no complaints.I know everyone has a different experience when they stay at a hotel, and everyone has their own expectations, requirements, etc. I'm just writing this review because I had a pretty good experience, and I don't want others to be misled by all the bad reviews on here. One further note ... We were traveling with a group of around 80 people, and I've still not heard any complaints about their rooms or their hotel experience. Their experiences and opinions seemed to parallel ours.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beatiful casino--horrible ROOMS--BEWARE!!! My boyfriend and I visited the website for this hotel and decided to give it a try-- too bad I didn't know about trip advisor back then!The casino and the enire hotel was very nicely decorated--but the rooms were NASTY!! The carpet was old and green and smelled like it was 100 years old. The beds were old, furniture was old, bathroom, bathtub old, it was just yucky.. Maybe I am a clean-freak--but I am a paying customer and I wanted my hotel room to be nice and clean. Would never go back there!! Also, their front desk service is very slow. The restaurants inside the hotel are nothing special and quite $$$. I had a wonderful time in Puerto Rico by trying to stay away from our hotel as much as possible. Hope this helps  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Location, Beautiful View, and Friendly Staff After doing hours of online research, I finally found the Wyndham Condado. We got our room for 143 without taxes, and we also joined byrequest for free. When we were arrived they upgraded us to the ocean view for free, and we were welcomed with chardonnay and cookies. The drinks and food are kinda pricey though. The hotel staff helped us everyday to find places to go and cheap things to do, like taking the bus instead. The beach is small, but its great for swimming and there is even a coral reef. Make sure you get a room on the ocean view though. Overall this is the best hotel/resort I have ever been to and I am glad we booked our hotel here. The hotels off the water appeared to be in bad areas, so make sure you stay in ashford avenue.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel works. First a few tips. The Bacardi tour was a waste unless you really need to know how Bacardi got started. I went to the club Babylon, located in Wyndham El San Juan and it was a decent club but more so filled with young people. I was told it caters to 18 and up on Fri, and 23 and up on Sat. I must say the lobby (people, singles) in the El San Juan Wyndham was more my speed but I couldn鈥檛 afford $250 a night this time. Also do your bookings for a rental car online. I walked to Avis and was told they only had cars for $49 a day. However, I had already booked a reservation online while I was in the internet caf茅 next to walgreens. The car was $33 a day. The concierge couldn鈥檛 even find me a good rate, so I did what I normally do, book it myself. The hotel charges $10 a day for parking with in and out priviledges. My feelings are mixed. My first room was pretty nice and with an awesome view, although I am a bit afraid of water and I am a hotel snob. As another person said, I also saw some tiny, tiny bugs. Only two though, lol. Unfortunately I had to switch rooms because someone called my room and said some sexual things. Scared me to death. They switched me to a room that took four attempts to get in. Apparently the lock wasn鈥檛 working that well. When I got in the room, I was not happy. The balcony door wouldn鈥檛 lock; no CD player and things just didn鈥檛 look up to par. So I went back down and complain, this time raising my American voice. I was switched to another room that was pretty nice but the hot water wasn鈥檛 hot, and it was running as if it was trying to wash a baby (very slow). I complained the next day and the manager said she would send up an engineer. Correct me if I am wrong but that means, they would walk in with dirty shoes right? When I mentioned this she looked at me like I was crazy. Da hell I want them coming in a room I am staying in with dirty shoes after my room was clean. If they are engineers, they are working and usually get their shoes dirty. You know they wouldn鈥檛 have sense to vacuum again or per request. So I gave up because I saw a bad situation turning to a worse one, so I dealt with the slow, cold water.The bellboys and concierge guys were very friendly and answered all 100 questions I had (lol). I noticed the maids didn鈥檛 change the bed sheets. I knew for a fact I left hair in the bed (combing my hair in bed) and it was still there after they cleaned the room. I made sure all my belongings were in my suitcase. I don鈥檛 take my things out at any hotel. One of the elevators keep getting stuck on 4, as another person said. I guess they haven鈥檛 figured out what to do yet (sarcasm).I would stay at this hotel again if I want to stay in this area because overall I was pretty comfortable despite the things that happened. The hotel for the most part was clean and so was my room and it had a very large closet and a comfortable bed. I also got two wake up calls, which was cool. I also got some wine, cheese and crackers, because I am a Wyndham By Request member. I actually forgot about this and got it the second day.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunlily
<Content>Don't count this place out! This was my 7th trip to Puerto Rico and I wanted to stay in Condado. The hotel is in desperate need of renovations that of course they were doing during my stay. The staff was friendly and the front desk gave us an upgrade just by asking. The housekeeping staff on the other hand was a disaster. The pools were nice and it's right on a public beach which was immaculate. Great location, you can walk to anything you need or take a 10 minute cab ride to Old San Juan or Isla Verde.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME TIME! Wowwww...i can't believe this place has such bad reviews! We just returned from a wonderful vaccation in PR. We had originally booked at the San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino after reading the amazing reviews, but that place was a nightmare. The lobby was so smoky and loud it was unbearable. The poeple were rude, it was overcrowded and it was not child friendly at all. Our tub wasnt draining, the room smelled very musty and gave us allergies and they never offered us any upgrades but moved us to a similar room and were very rude. The next day we mpved to this Wyndham and LOVED IT!!! The poeple were very friendly and it wa sa beautiful place. The pools are wonderful, the casino is to the side and its spread out so it never feels over crowded. They have 3 pools and two hot tubs and beautiful hammocks to relax in right by the water. I napped there with my baby and it was the most beautiful sight. They have plenty of restaurants in the hotel and also close by. We had a great time and will definitely retrn!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Theft by the Condado Resort Pool I just read Theft at the Condado and finally felt I needed to weigh in on this and also post a review. I was robbed by the resort pool despite the cameras, security bracelet, and numerous security guards. The managment told me they NEVER had thefts, however, they also would not reveal anything on the security tapes and prevented the police from investigating. The police were only allowed in the lobby. The theft was poorly handled and I was made to feel responsible!! Our vacation was ruined. However, in all fairness when I attempted to leave I was offered a transfer to any other Wyndham and got my second choice the Conquistador which was absolutely magnificent and a true resort.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nymamasita
<Content>Theft at the Condado We checked into the Condado for one night before heading to the south side of the island for a week. At check-in, we were asked to sign a waiver confirming it was for one-night only (we thought it was bec. they were booked solid the next day). We entered our room around 10pm - called room service and was told the wait was 45 minutes so we asked her to cancel the order and said we would head to the restaurant and casino instead. We were gone 3 hours max - the next day we realized over $5K in valuables had been taken from our room (cameras, jewelry, etc.). We think they specifically target single-night guests. Room service was aware of our intentions of leaving the room. Perfect opportunity. They assume if you're leaving the next day, chances are you're not going to unpack completely and by the time you realize something's missing - you're probably home already and your bags have been through the airport, etc. making it difficult to know where the theft occured. It was the start of our trip so we hung around and filed a police report. I wonder how prevelant this practice is. You'd expect a Hotel like the Condado, with a casino esp., to have serious security in place but they obviously don't. We asked to see a record of keycard entry for our room or video from the halls and they refused obviously. A security guard in the lobby told us that their hiring practices were so poor it doubles thier work load. They not only have to look out for shady guests, it's the staff that's frightening. Again - we think the scam operates on single nights guests but who knows. We won't be staying there again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>idratherbetraveling
<Content>Poor service, poor value The location on the water is beautiful, not much of a beach, though. Our room's furniture was beat-up, the bathroom light fixtures were falling off the wall, and there were tiny black bugs everywhere. The service was VERY poor and the food and drinks were TERRIBLY expensive for what you received. The hotel felt very overcrowded. For a wonderful dinner within walking distance, try Ropa Vieja and Ajili Mojili (excellent Puerto Rican food).  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Condado Plaza Hotel  Hotel was OK for one night before we boarded our ship. Would not stay for any longer. The hotel needs a good cleaning where you check in, odd odors. We stayed in the lagoon side of the hotel. The elevators got stuck on the 4th floor at times because of a short circuit. The 3 (three) phones in the room, the only one that worked was the one in the bathroom. The desk phone and the night stand phone never worked. VERY POOR MAINTENANCE STAFF that would not listen to anyone.At checkout time they had one girl checking out everyone and one girl checking people in. NOTE: Can't have people checking in, if rooms are not available.Taxi cost is $10.00 to Old San Juan, The Ship Pier. Plenty of Taxis.Better Place To Stay is the Wyndham Old San Juan - walking distance to Old San Juan, Senior Frog's, Carnival Pier.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gary85018
<Content>What a FANTASTIC Resort !!!! I stayed here on October 9th 2004, Before my cruise. WOW i was so Suprised. I Loved it !!!!, and i must admit im Very picky.The staff was FantasticThe food was GreatThe casino FunThe rooms WowId reccommed this resort to anyone , it was wonderul, pool private beach and all.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>METOOCH
<Content>I'm glad I didn't listen to the negative reviews. I just returned from a week long stay at the Wyndham Condado Plaza and I must say how much I enjoyed the experience. I had read some reviews on this site prior to going and had become extremely discouraged with my hotel choice and was expecting the worse based on what I had read. Luckily I was very pleasantly surprised with what I found. I found the staff to be extremely helpful and not rude at all. It could have something to do with the fact that I treated them like people and not my servants. I found the beach to be adequate and larger than the impression I had gotten from previous reviews I read. The hotel pools were nice too. I liked the fact that they were open 24 hours however no one seemed to use them after dark and I did not want to be there alone after dark so I did not get to use the pools at night. I loved the hammicks and spent more time there dozing and listening to the crash of the ocean against the rocks than I did in the pools. Even though I was on a tour package the hotel still upgraded my room to a jr. suite which I absolutely loved. I ended up with an ocean view however I think the original city view I was supposed to have would have been nice too because it would have overlooked the marina. I have found in my previous travels that you get what you give and since I am always nice I get nice in return. I would not hesitate to stay here again and I would definitely recommend it to others as a place to stay. I did not get a chance to do all the hotel had to offer because I wanted to get away from the hotel and experience some of the city however I would not have had a problem spending my entire time at the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience! My husband and I recently stayed at the Wyndham, Condado Beach to celebrate his birthday, and we have to tell you -- we couldn't find a thing wrong with this resort! We stayed over a long weekend (Friday - Monday), and after reading some of these crazy stories/reviews, I have to admit, we were a bit concerned, but our travel agent assured us this was a great place to visit, and it was! The restaurants were great, the service was exceptional within the resort (the staff couldn't do enough for us), the casino was wonderful, as were the pools and beach area. My husband even had a massage to relax during our visit, and completely enjoyed this experience as well. The resort seemed to never close ... there was always live entertainment to enjoy and the resort was always buzzing! I guess it's all about what your expectations are and how much pampering you require ... We just can't figure out what all the negative press is all about regarding this resort; we couldn't be happier and would recommend this resort to anyone visiting San Juan!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cuidado condado el sucko!!! the Regency was probably built (and last cleaned 20 years ago).way too pricey, should be $40 a night not $110 (OFF SEASON) the whole section of condado is under construction and there is no access to the beach... stay in isla verde if you want a true slice of san juan. the staff at the Plaza Casino couldn't be more rude. Unless you are playing high stakes poker, you can't even get a watered down draft beer whilest you pump $ into this little rundown waste of an evening. my advice... find a cute little place in old san juan for dinner and pina coladas!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Id rather stay at a Motel Six 4 star? hahahaa. I have seen better motel sixes. Our room wasnt too bad but alot of the room fixtures were in disrepair or rusty, not indicative of a 4 star hotel. The carpet STUNK. The staff was not very helpful, least of which were the casino staff. Our encounters with people in the general area minus the bellhops left me with a distaste for Puerto Rico. They were very rude and almost condescending. Maybe looking very gringo had everything to do with it. I'm not sure. I will not visit again unless my cruise ship ports there. Spend the few extra dollars and stay at the Caribe Hilton. Worth it.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They couldn't pay me to stay there again! I am compelled to relate what a poor experience I had at the Wyndham Condado in Puerto Rico. We came in off of Princess Cruises around noon on Sunday. We waited almost an entire hour in line to be told that there would be no room ready until three p.m. There was a gentleman handing out rum punch to the people in line. I think this was an attempt to appease an angry crowd, but they would have been better off having this gentleman working behind the counter.They told us we could hang out at the pool area until 3 p.m. when a room would be ready. While we were at the pool, my boyfriend visited the restroom only to discover a sink full of vomit. At 3 p.m. we waited in line another twenty minutes to finally get a room on the 9th floor of the tower which smelled much like cat urine. There were obviously much needed renovations in progress. We visited the casino, where we couldn't even get on the roulette table. There were crowds of people surrounding the two open tables, and yet between the six dealers mulling around behind the tables, they still didn't open up either of the two other tables. We were charged $6 for a Coors Light at the casino bar, and when inquiring as to the exorbitant price, the bartender sarcastically said, Welcome to Condado.I actually booked this room through Hotwire, and was told that what I paid included taxes. But upon check out, found that we were charged an additional $18 in taxes and tariffs. I was extremely disappointed in the condition of the hotel and our floor and the service I received from staff. Although I am not a By Request member, I spent several weeks at the Wyndham in Los Angeles, which was by far superior in quality and service. Should I ever know anyone misfortunate enough to visit Puerto Rico, The Wyndham Condado will not be my recommendation.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndam Condado Plaza We just returned from a 5 day, four night stay at the Wyndham Condado Plaza and thought we would write a quick review. The hotel was ok... just ok. It wasn't terrible, but definitely not a 4 star hotel. The room was nice; we had an oceanview which was the best part of staying there. The rooms do need a carpet upgrade but that's pretty typical of ocean front hotels. Not too bad but stained in some areas and you can tell it has been there a while. The maid service was excellent though.The restaurants looked nice, a little pricy but since we wanted to experience the culture and not Tony Romas like we have here in Ohio, we ventured out to eat. There is a nice coffee shop outside though by the valet parking that has muffins and danish for 2$ each. Nice value for breakfast when combined with the free coffee in the rooms.The Casino was nothing to write home about. They advertise it as the best in PR but we walked to the Raddison and even the Diamond Palace Hotel and found better games and machines that worked. It was a 20 minute walk and we had fun people watching while we were walking, if you like that sort of thing. The tables at Wyndam are mainly BlackJack, no Let it Ride or 3 Card Poker like they advertise so don't expect it. Also, many of their machines don't take bills and honestly, they were tight as a drum. We had more luck down the street. Even though the casinos down the street were better, if you are going on a gambling vacation, stick to Vegas, you'll win more and be able to play longer on your bankroll.The pools were nice and not crowded. We're not really into the beach scene so the fact that the beach was small and not directly on the ocean (it was located on an inlet with not many waves or anything except street people trying to sell you coconuts!) we didn't mind.If you are there for just a few nights during a cruise or something, I suppose this hotel is doable, but if you want to really experience a fine hotel and the culture, stay at the Marriott or Raddison down the street.Final note: We went to the Bahamas last year and read reviews on here saying the people of the island are rude to tourists. Not true! They were all pleasant and helpful. We read the same thing about Puerto Rico and thought nothing of it until we arrived. I got the feeling they are tired of the tourists. Not quite as friendly even when you go overboard to be nice to them. We won't be going back so I guess they don't have to worry!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Suzy904
<Content>Hotel nice - Staff not helpful Just got back from the Wyndham Condado Plaza - what an experience. We happened to be there during Tropical Storm Jeanne. I will say that the hotel was nice, room was better than we expected and until the storm hit everything was fine - except our whirlpool tub didn't work (called every day and no one responded). To start with, no one from the hotel gave us any information on the upcoming storm and since the news was in spanish we didn't figure it out until it was obvious. We saw a sign posted at the casino that they were closing due to the approaching storm but were assured by the security guard that we would be fine, just rained out. About 12:00 noon on Wednesday, just as we ordered our lunch the power went out so we were told we could not get lunch. After heading back to our dark room we watched as pieces of the roof and building started to blow away. Finally someone from the hotel knocked on the door and told us we had to vacate the room and come to the mezanine level - along with the rest of the guests, to sit in the dark. We were offered peanut butter or tuna fish sandwiches and soft drinks, until they ran out - then nothing. We were finally allowed back into our very dark rooms that night to sleep with no A/C or lights only to wake the next morning to the offer of a $6 continental breakfast, $1 coffee and $2 water - what a joke. We left the hotel, walked a block to the Hacienda restaurant to find a full hot breakfast with juice and coffee for $5.50 - they were great! During the whole ordeal the staff was completely unhelpful, provided no information and was unwilling to make any accomodations for the guests. Had we not had such a terrible response from the staff we would visit again but their attitude spoiled our trip and put us off for any future visits. Just a note - the ocean is beautiful to look at from the hotel but completley inaccessible. Certainly not worthy of being called a beach. Wyndham took advantage of a very scarey situation, price gouging for food was most uncalled for and certainly not good customer service. We opted to sit in the airport for six hours rather than stay there another minute.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it From the advice of a friend I decided I wanted to stay at the Wyndham Condado Hotel. Once I booked the room for a week stay, I decided to reads some reviews on it. I was really discouraged once I started to read the reviews. Even though there were only a couple of negative responses, more good then bad, I still was very doubtful. But once I checked in, I was very surprised. First off, the bus stop is right in front of the hotel, which was very convenient for us because we did a lot of traveling back and forth to old San Juan (mind you the bus ride is only a quarter). The lobby of the hotel was lovely, and the real surprise was when we checked out the room, the room was standard, but the ocean view was amazing. I feel in love right away. The private balconies were great, it felt like no one else was around. The pool elevator was perfect for going straight from you floor to the pool area, in just your bathing suit. On the other hand, the beach behind the hotel should not even be listed as one of the hotel's features because it is so tiny, but the pools make up for that. One of the pools has a slide which was listed on the hotel's features.I figured it was a straight down, boring, short slide, no, the slide was the best part of the pool, it was constructed so when your going down you don't see anyone else or when your getting close to the pool, there鈥檚 a couple of turns. There were a lot of kids on it, but I tried it out and it was great. Highly recommended for adults, especially the swim up bar!!!!!!There is the condado beach, for people who want to go swimming in the ocean, which is only a couple of blocks away. I went everyday, it was a very nice short walk.One thing I have to tell you is to stay away from one of the restaurants in the hotel, Max's grill. $20 for a plate of food. Don't even bother eating there, unless if you have that kind of money. Right next door is an Italian restaurant where they have good food for a decent price. Overall I was very satisfied with the hotel, so satisfied that I'm staying there again next year. Don鈥檛 listen to the negative comments like I did. Some people are just too high maintenance and are expecting Trump Towers or something like the ritz, you get what you paid for, and I got what I paid for and more. See it for yourself, instead of reading the reviews, it's worth a weekend stay.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Whndham Condado : Definitely not worth it ! I am not sure how someone can rate this hotel 4 stars since it only qualifies as a 2 star hotel in my book. My wife and I checked in at this hotel and was disappointed at our room. The floor carpeting was old and wall paintings are about to peel off. The lightning fixtures are broken and has rust stains all over it. Service was good but this is expected on big hotels. Beach was ho-hum and I did not even bother go swimming in it. Rocks does not add scenery as what the previous writer says (no offense). I recommend to stay away from this hotel and go to VIEQUES at Wyndham Resort Martineau. They have the best beaches we have seen that can be compared to Mauii or Fiji. And the resort is really a 5 star with a wonderful swimmable beach.Wyndham Condado needs a makeover really bad.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Didn't want to leave! In a nutshell the hotel was more than we expected. We purchased a package through travelocity for a 5 night stay at the Wyndham. We did our research, read the reviews, saw the pictures blah, blah. Nothing really matters until you're actually there. The most breathtaking views, the friendliest people, the warmest beach water, and the cleanest room. Everything was comfortable and easily accessible. A standard room was more than enough for a couple, but with so much to do and see in PR, why stay in you're room. The entire staff was friendly and helpfull especially the concierge. The 3 pools were beautiful, the beach small but cute and clean with an amazing view. If you get a room with a view of the lagoon, don't be dissapointed, it's just as nice as the beach. Get to know the strip (Ashford Ave.) before spending $40 on room service breakfast (unless you want to, more power to you! ) There's a local hole in the wall with the best food for super cheap, a couple blocks away. Ask questions, it will make your trip more worthwhile!We're already planning our next trip and looking forward to staying at the Wyndham once more.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So pleased We just returned from five days at the Wyndham Condado Plaza in San Juan and were very pleased with it. We had a spotless room with a great dressing room and the view was great. The staff were pleasant and most helpful, true the food prices were steep, but within a few blocks was wonderful food at more reasonable prices. The swimming pools were also excellent and the beach okay. There was live music at night. We will stay there again.  Bettye Horton  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not A Luxury Hotel This is not a luxury hotel. I regard Mauna Lanai, Punta Cana Resort and Golf Club, and Sonoma Mission Inn as luxurious. It is essentially a run down Vegas hotel. The pools are very crowded with tatooed, chain smoking, drinkers - if that's your scene you'll love it. From what I could tell there were lots of military folks and lots of folks of modest means from the East coast that got great deals to stay here. The photographs you see on the web are probably twenty years old. Our non-smoking rooms smell of smoke and mold. Service is poor, though not rude - just slow and without enthusiasm. Restaurants are fair to average - good burgers by the pool. My group stayed at the hotel for 8 days for a Marlin Fishing Tournament, if the marina was not so conveniently located we would have moved to a nicer place.My honest assessment (not meant to be rude) is that the favorable reviews you read here are from folks that have probably never been to a high end resort. Bottom line - manage your expectations, don't pay much for your room and try to enjoy the tattoos and second hand smoke.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Hotel I would recommend this hotel to anyone because the hotel is a great place to stay. I can,t believe that people gave this hotel bad reviews. I checked in really quick and I checked out through my Tv in my room, so checking in and out was really easy. The room was clean and spacious and the air conditioner was icy cold. The beds were clean and very pleasant to sleep in. The staff was great and very friendly and quick to help you with any request you had. The pool was absoloutely fantanstic, it had a swim up bar and a slide which the kids really enjoyed. the beach was small but I really did not mind because I had a rental car and everything was so close, so buy a Puerto Rico map because it will really help a lot and major attactions are less than an hour away. The Casino in the hotel is great with live music and dancing. The food in the hotel is expensive but they have so many restaurants around the hotel for fair prices, Don' t forget to visit Old San Juan, El Morro, all this is about 15 minutes away and the bus takes you there for a quarter if you don't have a car.There is also an arcade in the hotel to keep your kids busy and more activities aroun the pool. I really loved this hotel and would always stay there when I go to Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hey tourists, this is a good place to stay I was terrified after reading the previous reviews. However, pleasantly surprised at all the smiles I received upon check in and during my stay. The staff is very friendly--but you must be respectful and friendly as well. Puerto Ricans do not respond well to egotistical behavior. Hotel is beautiful and is being remodeled. I did not mind the fresh paint scent in some areas. BEWARE OF THE HIGH FOOD PRICES AT THIS HOTEL. Do not eat here unless you are very wealthy. Go outside your hotel to Ashford Ave (to the left of the front entrance of the main building). You will find great breakfasts for less than $6.00 and ocean view. For dinner, again, try the local restaurants like Ropa Vieja and Ajili Mojili. They are expensive, but the food is sooo much better than Max's Grill. BEWARE Pina Coladas at the hotel are from instant mixes (YUCK). Ask for the real thing--coconut milk and pineapple juice. Do Ride the bus to Old San Juan and be ready for homeless folks to ask for money. Say NO and walk away. If you stop they will follow you and annoy you. They are not dangerous. There is a lot of security in the area. Join Wyndham by Request for the best rooms available and walk about ten minutes to the nearest beach, which is condado beach. A bit rough for little ones, but great for boogy boards. You can purchase boogy boards at Walgreens, just across the street. The beach at the hotel has many Sea Orchens (did I spell this right) and can be a nuisance. Not a good place to swim--snorkeling for adults is okay. Overall---a more than good experience. This hotel is a great place to stay. Casino open 24 hours and live music until 2 am. Go ahead and book your room, and have a great time. I sure did!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't listen to the bad reviews of this hotel! I'm not sure what everyone is complaining about related to this hotel -- don't have a second thought about staying at the Wyndham Condado Plaza! We were almost swayed not to stay there due to the negative comments on Trip Advisor, but the deal we got through Priceline was too good to pass up. Every moment of our stay there (July 23-28, 2004) was amazing. We arrived about 12 hours later than expected due to flight delays, and our luggage was lost. The hotel staff made check-in a breeze, and housekeeping provided us with necessary toiletries immediately to replace what we were without. We were blown away by our room -- despite the fact that we booked through a discounter, we had THE BEST room in the entire hotel. We were placed on the 10th floor Plaza Club. Our enormous room had a couch and armchair, desk, Aeron chair, mini-fridge, TV armoire, dimmer lights, a king-sized bed, a walk-in closet for our luggage (once it arrived!), and a gleaming bathroom. The view of the Condado Lagoon from our room was spectacular. The location of the Wyndham Condado Plaza is ideal -- Condado is a safe and pretty neighborhood. There are lots of restaurants right on Ashford (the street the hotel is on) and there's on-site parking underneath the hotel with a very affordable daily rate. You have easy access to Old San Juan (a short taxi ride away), Luiz Munoz Marin Airport is less than a half-hour trip, and it's a quick drive to major highways if you're renting a car to get to other parts of the island. The hotel has two pools -- a salt pool and a chlorine pool with a swim-up cabana bar. It's literally 100 feet to the beach from the hotel, which is right on the Condado Lagoon -- we went snorkeling on the reef right in front of the hotel! There are excellent restaurants right in the hotel (the Italian place on the mezzanine level was our favorite), and we loved the room service -- the food quality was excellent and it arrived quickly. The hotel staff were helpful and super nice. In short, we would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hole in the Wall After a great cruise on Princess, we wanted to relax in San Juan for 3 days. We arrived at the Condado and found that it was over booked. There were people there with confirmation #'s from the previous day waiting on rooms. After waiting in the Lobby for 8 hours and fighting with management we finally got in our Premium Room.What a hole. Cigrettes crushed out in the walls. Mold everywhere. Nasty. The pool area was filthy. Im sure that 15 years ago the place was nice. Do not subject your family to this hotel. Not to mention that the locals were rude to the tourists and 17 people were murdered in the 3 days there.Our cab driver told us the drug lords were fighting over turf. The people of San Juan have alot to learn about how they treat the tourists that spend $ in their city.The Wyndam Condado is a run down, dirty, hotel with a great view.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Problems Recently had reservations at the Condado. Checked in on Saturday for 3 nights, checked out on Sunday. Hotel has NO BEACH, there is a public beach/lagoon that is on the side of a road about 25 yards long. Anyone can get on this beach, also there are jagged rocks all over the bottom with a busy loud bridge cutting across the lagoon. The beach was dirty with garbage and construction signs. They have 2 pools that are small and were extremely crowded. One is over 6 feet deep, more for swimming laps. They have security but I know people sneak in off the street into the pool.This is more like a 2 star hotel, would be good if you were there for 1 night and you are looking for a real bargain, not for a 4 day vacation.We checked out and checked into the Inter Continental in Isle Verde. The Inter Continental is very nice, has a BIG beautiful pool surrounded by palm trees with a swim up bar, waterfalls, rafts, etc. The hotel is also on a really nice beach. The beach stretches for abour 5 miles each way. You can get towels and chairs from the hotel for the beach and its private.IC has 2 great restaurants, Ruth Chris which was excellant and a Japanese Steakhouse that serves sushi and hibatchi. They have a casino and lounge. Also next door is another 4-5 star hotel, The El San Juan. ESJ has a Palms and 3 other really nice restaurants along with a roof top Mexican restaurant and bar. We ate at The Palms, it was excellant.Isla Verde is also 5 minutes from the airport. Cab is $10.00 one way. So if your looking for the section of PR with 4-5 star resorts and restaurants stay in Isle Verde. I would look at Inter Continental, El San Juan or the Ritz. In that order.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2roamer
<Content>Honymooners beware My daughter and son-in-law are spending their honymoon on a cruise and have booked extra nights at the Condada plaza in San Juan (13th - 17th July). They pre booked Wyndam-by-request. I telephoned the hotel from the UK to ask if they could stay in the same room throughout their stay, I was told that the hotel were not in the habit of asking their guests to move rooms in the middle of their stay. I have however, just received a telephone call from my daughter to say that just before going on a pre booked trip they were told to pack and change to a room on another floor and that they would be charged for breakfast from now on. They asked if they could stay in the room where they were and were told no. What sort of company treats a honeymoon couple in this way after travelling all that way? They stayed at 2 different hotels in the UK before flying out and were treated with respect and decency, the way I would expect any good hotel to treat their paying guests. I have telephoned the cruise line and will write to them asking them not to use this hotel in the future. I would suggest to the management of the Wyndam group to give some intensive training to their staff in how to treat people like human beings, after all if it were not for the paying guest they would all be out of a job.Pamela Madison, Rayleigh Essex Great Britain  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel with great ocean view, but no beach to speak of! Just returned from a recent weeklong trip to Puerto Rico( June 19-26th) and was apprehensive about our stay at the hotel because of the reviews. We found some truth to what we read... The conceirge's desk at the hotel is very indifferent and of little assistance beyond some local maps. You would be better off with a Frommer's guide in hand like we did! There is no beach at this hotel...I repeat there is No Beach at this hotel worth setting foot on-it's tiny(so much so I thought it was the lagoon area) and dirty with jagged rocks all along. If you want to stay somewhere with an actual beach as you and I know it then stay at the Caribe Hilton (beautiful, private beach). However, the Ocean view rooms at the hotel are spacious with a walk-in closet and beautiful, breathtaking views. Be sure to Join Wyndham-By-Request so that you can get your upgrade. The hotel pools (3) were some of the best around, we especially enjoyed the saltwater pool. The restaurants in the hotel are very $$$ so eat at restaurants located a short walk from the hotel like Ajili Mojili (delicious, authentic Puerto Rican food) and Ropa Vieja. Go to Old San Juan by taxi and eat at the Parrot Club. You'll love the food and lively atmosphere. El Yunque is a must-see and wear your swimsuit under your clothes to experience the lovely waterfalls. Enjoy the live music at the hotel, especially on weekends. Upon checkout, look at your bill very carefully! They overbilled us for 2 restaurants that we never ate at, but it was later corrected and apologies were made. Overall, the hotel was nice, but lacking in its locale to the beach and in its not so helpful and competent staff.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible hotel! Don't stay here! My husband and I went on a Southern Caribbean cruise on our honeymoon. Upon returning to San Juan, we stayed one more evening at a hotel. We were horrified at the Wyndham Condado. Let me preface this by saying that we are not super picky people. We probably vacation once a year, and are willing to sacrifice some service for a lower price. We've seen some not so great hotels.However, nothing we've seen will top how terrible the Wyndham Condado is! First of all, we arrived on a Sunday afternoon. We were not anticipating any large crowds. I waited in line for nearly 2 hours to check in! NO joke!!! There was a huge line. It took the incompetant staff at least 15 minutes to check in each reservation. When I finally arrived up there, I asked if there was a problem. In a not so nice voice, the woman replied, No, it's always like this on Sunday's. I got no apology, no explanation, nothing. I had just waited 2 hours in line!!! I would've just cancelled my reservation, but we had prepaid it on Priceline.We checked into our rooms, which were musty and very dirty. The carpets were very old, and the sheets were dirty.I attempted to call for a wake up call, and none of the phones in the room worked. I would be damned if I was going to go wait in line another 2 hours to ask for a different room.Then, we proceeded to hear the couple next door have 'relations'. It was so loud it was as if it was in our own room. While I understand that this can happen at any hotel, these walls were exceptionally thin. We ate lunch and dinner at the hotel (an Italian place and Max's). The food was adequate, at best.Checking out the next morning was just as much of a disaster. The 'tv' check out didn't work, the line to check out was huge. I ended up just leaving my keys and walking out.I would NOT stay here again if they paid me.Prior to our cruise we had stayed at the Intercontinental and had a much better experience.   
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average- but depends on your outlook This was our first trip to Puerto Rico, and it was wonderful! But I have to say, we had some doubts about the hotel. The front desk and concierge staff is indifferent and sometimes rude. It is almost like they are doing YOU a favor by giving you their undivided apathy. We weren't disgruntled though, having been forewarned in reading the trip advisor reviews. We joined ByRequest and I highly recommend it because we got upgraded to an ocean view room. It has a huge walk in closet and a breath-taking view. The beach there is small, yes, but the water is still beautiful! I highly recommend the tours- especially the Bioluminescent Bay! Don't book it through the hotel, though- it will be cheaper if you book it directly through the tour company like Castillo tours. (They might even give you a discount if you ask.) And take the bus to Old San Juan- it's only 25 cents each way. Despite an average hotel- the trip is really what you make of it. We had an absolutely wonderful experience in Puerto Rico.   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good spot to stay at in San Juan I am a local, but my family loves to do internal tourism. I have stayed twice at the Condado Plaza, but have visited the hotel too many times. The rooms are somewhat old fashioned, but they are comfortable. The service is good and the restaurants are fine, but for dining it's better to go out down Condado. Ropa Vieja is an excellent restaurant, it combines very well Puerto Rican and Cuban cuisine (the owner is Cuban). Another excellent restaurant to try Puerto Rican Cuisine is Ajili Mojili. For night life there are not too many spots in Condado, but people do go and walk around. If you want to participate of the night life go to Isla Verde or the Old San Juan. In the Old San Juan the hot spot is in San Sebastian or down closer to the bay near Teatro Tapia. In Isla Verde the most popular place to go is Babylon (it's a discotheque). Tourism spots which are good obviously the Old San Juan and there is also El Yunque which is rain forest 45min away from San Juan. Also if you like shopping (American Style)...you should take a cab and go to Plaza Las Americas which is the biggest shopping mall in the Caribbean.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Management Team! The staff at this hotel is absolutely wonderful. I charged two rooms on my credit card and I was charged three times. Naturally I was angry, so when I called the hotel I was screaming at the top of my lungs. The person I spoke with (Thor), was so patient and apologetic. Even though I was screaming at him like he was my personal servant, he was never rude. As many times as I screamed, is as many times as he said I'm sorry. I must say that his attitude really suprised me and I finally calmed down. Their account manager Yolanda called my Bank immediately and everything was resolved within a few hours. There was a misunderstanding regarding the breakfast that came with the package. I spoke with the manager Miguel and he immediately resolved everything in the nicest and most professional manner. As I'm writing this review my brother and cousin are at the hotel right now with their girlfriends and they love the hotel. Prior to their arrival I had a lot of interaction with other hotel staff members and they were wonderful also especially Naderis. Whenever I called, I never got one rude person. As hotel guest sometimes we can be a little impatient and I think if we apprach people in a nice manner we can get better service. It worked for me. I've been to Puerto Rico before and I've stayed at the Marriott and Intercontinental. I can't wait until my next Puerto Rico trip because I'm definitely staying at the Wyndham Condado.   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mosquitomagnet
<Content>Wyndham Condado Plaza Stayed at the Condado Plaza for 5 nights, May 19-24. Had a Jr. Suite on the Lagoon side. The room was fine. The maids kept it clean. The bathroom was on the small side. There is a very small dirty beach by the hotel, don't bother. The pool area is ok, too many kids screaming and playing. Did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants. Preferred to eat in Old San Juan or at one of the many restaurants on Ashford Avenue. If you want a nice beach be sure to stay at one of the hotels on Isla Verde. Service at the hotel is bad. Never got our By Request amenity even after calling and asking for it 3 times. The front desk staff was very indifferent . Be aware that there is a $7.00 charge each time you use the fitness center. Even with all the negatives I would stay here again if the rate was reasonable.   
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good rate? Then stay here! I felt much like those skeptical about staying at the Condado Plaza prior to my trip. I was already a guest of Wyndham by request and upon arrival was quickly upgraded to an ocean view. I got a pretty good room rate through Liberty Travel, so I was very pleased. I never ate at the hotel restaurant, but the BBQ by the pool was superb! The pools were great, I was just upset that the fabulous pool slide shut down at 5pm (I'm a kid at heart). The hotel was very quiet Mon-Thurs. and they got busy, but not roudy over the weekend. I do agree with some who said the pool staff was very weak, as though we were doing them a favor by buying a drink, running a tab or getting a towel! The concierge also knew nothing about tours, etc. But whatever, I am resourcefull and had a great time.I would definitely stay again, just won't get too animated about the hired help. If you get good rates stay here, just don't pay outrageous prices and expect to be compensated with service because you won't  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jacobian
<Content>Too Expensive I stayed at this hotel for 5 days and 4 nights. I arrived with trepidation because of the previous reviews that I read about this hotel. I was pleasantly surprised by the friendly bellmen/porters, they were the most welcoming andhelpful in comparison to the concierge, and the reception desk. I was given a double instead of a king and after getting that resolved I was placed in a room which was cleaner than expected, although the bathtub had not been properly cleaned. The cleaning staff was really friendly, too. Thefollowing day, the person who cleaned the room did a thorough job on that bathtub. I couldn't understand why the perimeter of the bath wasn't cleaned properly. The air conditioner in my room was horrible and blew out cool extremely humid air and made me feel sick. I turned it off and opened the door to the glorious view of the ocean and the fantastic breeze. I like the way my room was furnished, I loved the bed linens, especially the feather pillows and felt comfortable and secure. The safe did not have a key and I never got one for my stay, so I wasn't happy about that. The check out lines were ridiculously long and the front desk process took way too much time. I thought that the process was absurd. This hotel is huge and it needs to have more check-in/out staff to accommodate the mass influx/exit of guests. As long as you are checking in/out off schedule, you are okay, which was my case. I arrived at 11:50a.m. and I checked out at 2:00 pm. I wasn't impressed with the reception desk staff who were aloof, as were the people who gave you towels at the pool and the wait staff in the high-end restaurant. The wait staff where the buffet was served were wonderful, though. I wasn't impressed with the beach at all. It had trash and debris all over the sand and it was absolutely tiny. I will be going back to beautiful Puerto Rico,but I will be staying at another hotel. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone, as it is way too expensive for all the problems that it has.  
<Date>May 25, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated it! After an anciticipated birthday celebration, we stayed at the Wyndom Condada Plaza because a friend told me he had stayed there a few years ago and it was the best. Needless to say, I will never take hotel advice from him again. Upon arrival, the hotel staff was rude and acted like they did not have any reservation in my name (which I had made 3 months in advance) and made me feel like I was a nusiance. Luckily, I had all my paperwork in order and finally got a room across the street from the main hotel. The room was smelly and the furniture was dated. Beginning everyday thereafter, I had to call housekeeping EVERYDAY for coffee, cream, sugar, toilet paper, towels, kleenex, soap... do you get the drift? I will never EVER stay at this dump again. Service was RUDE from the front counter, concierge desk, restaurants, pool attendants, bellmen, store, room service, maids, and just abour everybody that I can possibly think of there. If you want to be scolded and treated like dirt, this is the place for you. Oh, and the food in the restaurants suck!  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>El Condado Plaza Hotel (be careful with your belongings) We stayed at El Condado Plaza from March 24-27. the place is ok. outside is beutiful but we enden up missing some items from our room (2 perfumes to be exact) The hotel just about 1wk ago credit our credit card for the amount of the items but is just going thru the aggravation. Really, put your items away, even the ones you wouldn't think anyone would be interested in. Otherwise, good experience.  
<Date>May 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning: do not stay at this hotel!!! You know you鈥檙e staying at a luxery hotel when the hotel sign is missing a letter or two. If your idea of a Caribbean resort is a second-rate hotel situated in 鈥淏ig Dig鈥?like surroundings within walking distance to nothing but Chilli鈥檚 and vacant hotels than this is the place for you. If you despise the beach and prefer a shady 50 foot gravel pit that claims to be a beach you will love the Wyndham Condado. If the gravel pit is not your thing perhaps you might enjoy a game of Bingo by the cold pool or soak in the one cloudy germ 鈥搑idden jacuzzi. (Just don鈥檛 expect a towel or a chair at the beach after 4:00) You could also dine one of several mediocre restaurants, enjoy an over-priced artery clogging breakfast or gamble beside local seniors and career gamblers staying at the hotel for free. However, with such a lovely view of cranes, a bridge under construction, and the pounding sound of Jack hammers you may never want to leave your room. Just keep in mind you鈥檒l have to stock your own mini bar. In all seriousness, this hotel might be Ok for families or older folks but if you鈥檙e looking to enjoy the beach or nightlife you鈥檙e much better off at the Intercontinental or the the Wyndam El San Juan in Isla Verde. And whatever you do don鈥檛 go to Puerto Rico in May when it rains everyday.   
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and price Stayed here on my honeymoon and was pleasantly surprised. Paid only $75/night and had a $150.night hotel. They gave us a room with a full balcony and view. 5 minutes to Old San Juan. Great restaurants on the property, 2 pools and no one ever using the gym or tennis courts. The ocean side offers great views. Loved it!  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What to Expect We stayed at this hotel from May 10-14th, 2004. The most important thing to note about this hotel is that the website, etc. is incredibly misleading. Here is the deal. Yes, technically, this hotel is on the beach...but not really. The area in front of it is 100% rocky, so there is no place to lay out, swim, etc. There hotel is next to and has a gate to a sandy area that is sort of a beach(filled with butts, and bottles, considering it is where the locals go), but is actually a 100% waveless alcove off from the coast area. Therefore, If you want to sit in the sun and jump in the ocean, this is not the place to do it. Go to a hotel in Isla Verde(like the IC), or further down in Condado, like the Marriott. Also, thought the Wyndham is in Condado, it is right at the edge, so its about a 15 min walk to all the upscale shops and resturants..the ones nearby stink (Tony Roma's and Chilis). The swim up bar and pools however, were quite nice.   
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! This is definitely not a 3 or 4 star hotel.... rooms are comparable to motel rooms. My husband and I stayed here in January, 2004 and waited before writing this review. Got a special deal on the Wyndham website. Checked in and the first thing I noticed was how busy the lobby was. Too crowded! Next was how filthy the carpet was on the corridor and especially in the room given to us. The desk was sticky and the bathroom was small. We were not given the lake view room per our confirmation. When I called the front desk, I was told that for the price I paid, it had to be a city view room. What city view is he talking about!.... it was the building across the street! Good thing I brought a copy of my confirmation. I had to show it before we were given another room in the building across the street. This was the first time that I had to show proof to a hotel staff! The beach is also a joke as previously stated by another reviewer! It's a short strip of public beach. Definitely not going back here, especially after our heavenly experience at the Westin Rio Mar, Puerto Rico, which I highly recommend.  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Milt07
<Content>Notl like it was This was the second time that I stayed at The Condado Plaza and quite frankly, it seems to be a shell of its former self. The hotel is still lovely, but it is beginning to show its age. The marble floors in the lobby are showing spots of heavy wear and tear. The huge aquarium is a nice touch, but the spacing of the nite club proximity is too close to the telephones. I was trying to make a phone call, and I couldn't hear. I arrived at the hotel on April 29, 2004 around 12:00 p.m. and my room was not ready. I belong to the Wyndham by Request and had requested an oceanview room. I did not get into my room until 3:15 p.m. after several trips to the front desk. They did offer to upgrade me to the Plaza level, however, there were no more oceanview suites. They did offer to put me on the lagoon side, but I opted for the full breakfast buffet vouchers instead. The plaza level comes with a deluxe continental breakfast, but it is not better than the buffet especially for someone with a healthy appetite like myself. The room was nice with a oceanview that was incredible. I could see cruise ships at night on the horizon and parasailing and jetskiing during the day. The breeze never ceased and I slept with the balcony door open every night.The bathroom amenities were more than you ask for. The only problem with the bathroom was when you took a shower, it took a long timefor the water to leave the tub. I did not want to go thru the hassle of asking for another room as I fell in love with the view, so I just imagined I had my feet in the water at the beach. This was a minor problem and did not affect my trip. Speaking of the beach, they have a small one on the side of the hotel, but it is a public beach and the take advantage of it. There is a path to the beach from the gorgeous pool area with security stationed at the entrance to keep anyone who is not a guest from entering the property unless they are with you of course. They have three pools at the hotel, one on the lagoon side and two on the main side. The saltwater pool is 6ft deep , the regular pool is approx 4ft deep with a volleyball net , water slide, and swim up bar. There is a jacuzzi which is nice. All the pools are open 24 hours, so enjoy! The jacuzzi gets a little busy late at night as the weather has cooled off a bit. In the midst of the pools is Las Palmas, a restaurant with reasonably priced snacks and lite meals. It is open and has nice breezes blowing all the time. The swim up bar closes at 12:00 am. There is a separate pool elevator available to guests that they prefer you use from the evening on as they have a certain atmosphere they try to maintain. No swimsuits in the lobby at night. They would prefer use wear slacks for men and appropiate evening wear for the ladies. They are not stuffy but want you dress a little bit at night ( not formal ). The hotel has six restaurants from a deli to a onsite Tony Roma's. The buffet is served at Max's and is not cheap, I had vouchers so I really could not tell you how much it was, but I did hear my friends say between 10 and 15. There is a nice place a few doors down from the hotel that has a great breakfast special for $5.50. The hotel concierge has all the info on the tours which range from 30 - 100.00 . My advice to you is rent a car for at least one day across the street at Charlies and do Puerto Rico your way. Also, I noticed a faint smell of mildew on the hallway carpets which seems to be a problem with a lot of hotels in the carribean. I wish they all had tiles. These are minor things and should not stop you from staying at the Condado.   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at Wyndham Condado (April 2004) I went to San Juan, PR for the first time. I spent a week at the Wyndham Condado Plaza....it was absolutely wonderful. The service was top quality! My room had a view with a balcony overlooking the atlantic ocean. The food was great there! I traveled all around the Island and visited many places including the country sides. I plan on returning in December 2004 after I return from South Africa.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Beautiful Ocean view This Wyndham is about 15 minutes from the airport and 10 minutes from San Juan. (Great Location). As we drove over the bridge to get to the hotel, my first thought was...I'm not going to like this place. It was on a busy street and the beach (lagoon area) was small and visable from the main road. But that thought didn;t last long. Once I steped outside of the Wyndham, the ocean view was beautiful. The grounds were very well maintained and the hotel and accomadations were great. (be sure to request a room on the ocean side, the lagoon view is quite a walk from everything) The hotel has about 6 different restaurants and a casino. They also have a disco at night. (lots to do). Its location is great because you can walk down the street and go to some great ethnic restaurants which are reasonably priced. There also is a salt water pool, freshwater, and swim up bar. Also a very big hot tub! We met people from all over the world...a very diversified group, all very friendly. The lagoon is a protected one, which means they have shark nets so you don;t have to worry about that. We went in Nov of 03....the water temp was perfect in the lagoon and it was crystal clear. I really liked Puerto Rico, because there was lots to do. The only problem we had was check in. The hotel said that their system was down and no one could check in. They didn;t get this mess fixed until after 3:30. A very long time to wait to get settled especially with a 7am flight. We had been up since 4:30. If you have this problem be persistant, stay in the lobby area and wait....it turned out to be first come first serve...so the people who went to the bar with a free drink voucher they handed out...missed out once the rooms became available. Overall a great place....would go back again.....! Hope you find a wonderful place to stay and hope this review was helpful to you. If you have any questions, feel free to email me.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Condado is A, OK. We stayed at the Wyndham for 5 nights during Easter week. We got a cheap rate from Priceline. I was a little worried after reading some negative reviews. I must say that we enjoyed our stay thoroughly. The room was spacious and faced the Atlantic. The workers were very friendly and helpful. The property was clean and beautiful. It's true that the beach is small but that is not Wyndham's fault. It is a public Condado beach. The pools were clean and nice. Even the casino was great! I don't understand why anyone would give this hotel a poor review. I would definitely return to the Wyndham Condado hotel and casino.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mslynn
<Content>the nicest hotel loved it  i have just returned from an 11day vacation 7 day cruise and 4 day stay at the whyndom. the hotel was great. three pols , lots of activities at the pool. i traveled with my family which cosiss of eight. the kids ages 5 6 8 10 11 16 all enjoyed the hotel . lunch at maxx was great. the buffet breakfast was great too . the staff was very helpful and curtious.we visited old san juan it was ok didnt stay long . the best place to eat was bebos recommened by one of the workers at the concierge desk. GREAT LOCAL food. nice prices. try the oxtails to die for!I loved the way i was greated every day during my stay with fresh fruith , bottled water and diet cokes on ice and a little thank you card from whyndoms request. To end it all i got a free bingo game and won some money thanks whyndom.   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>queenofeverything
<Content>Great place to stay with Children We stayed in this hotel after our cruise (04-04-04). It is close to the cruise ships and Old San Juan. A taxi fare is about $10.00 for 4 people to Old San Juan. The pools look just like the pictures shown and in great condition. This hotel was pleasantly nice and far better than what I thought or what I had read. The rooms were clean as was the bedding. They also double sheet the bed (top sheet, blanket, top sheet) which we usually request, and all were very clean. They have a great selection of places to eat, even for children. There is a wide variety of activities offered as well. The beach is actually a small inlet off of the ocean and is public. Again, this is good if you have children and don't want to worry about them in the surf, etc. Our son (11 yrs old) actually did a little snorkeling and enjoyed it. At the back of the hotel is a sea wall with the rocks in all. We ate breakfast outside on the patio with a beautiful view of the waves crashing into the rocks, palm trees, etc. It was very nice. They also have a casino which was very busy. The staff there are very pleasant and helpful. We had a situation where the bellman dropped a box of duty free liquor we had purchased on our cruise however besides being extremely apologetic, he and the manager drove all over town to replace the bottles that broke. They really made every attempt to correct the situation. I would recommend this hotel especially to families. We would enjoyed our short stay and would definetly stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were happy with our stay here... We stayed at the Condado for 4 nights, before going to Fajardo. The hotel room was pleasant, though a little dated. The room had 2 double beds, and huge walk-in closet. My daughter was sick for 2 days, and my son decided to sleep in the closet - and it was plenty big enough to do so. We had joined Wyndham By Request, so we were upgraded to an ocean-view room (beautiful view!) and given beer, water and cheese  crackers upon our arrival. The pools were beautiful, and not very crowded. No worry about getting a chair. Because I read the reviews here, I was not expecting much of a beach. The beach is small, but is actually nicer than I had anticipated. It is right next to the pool area, so you can go back and forth easily and without leaving the property. We did venture out into town to eat a few times, which I would recommend. Ropa Viejo was a nice restaurant with local flair. The mojitos here are the best we had on the islands. The ceviche was terrific too. Also, go the the restaurant next door El Wakkiki for breakfast. $5 for eggs, pancakes or huevos rancheros (with homemade guac  salsa!) and overlooks the ocean. The best meal we had here was at Ramiro's. It is pricey, but no more so than eating at the hotel. The food was FANTASTIC!! We are food/wine people, and are very picky. This restaurant was one of the best anywhere, and the service was terrific. Definitely worth the trip! As for food at the hotel, stay away from Max's, except maybe for lunch. The spanish restaurant was pretty good, we sat next to the fish tank and the food was decent. As far as trips go, don't do the tour of Old San Juan. You are better off just taking a cab into the city (about $10) and walking around. Great little shops, good restaurants  night life. The fort is great, and huge! If you go on the tour they only give you 1/2 hour to see the fort, which is not nearly enough. Overall, we really enjoyed our time in San Juan and the Wyndham Condado was a good choice for us.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel...just forget the beach part of it Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Condado Plaza. It sits at the entrance to the Condado area, so the beach that is there really should not even be mentioned, since it is public and small. To the hotel's credit, they really don't promote it and the concierge staff recommended better ones like Ocean Park and Isla Verde. So if you don't mind walking, cabbing, or driving a short distance, then there is no problem. Other than that, the hotel was fine. I find the constant crashing of the waves upon the rocks to be perpetual relaxation-but that's just me. The pool areas are good and the promenade area was roomy. Didn't eat there because hotel restaurants are not my thing and there are good places right near there like Ropa Vieja and Ramiro's. The area down at the Marriott has cool clubs like Moorings and it's a $10 cab ride to Old San Juan, which is terrific. Honestly, if being on the beach is the main thing, then try the Marriott or the hotels in Isla Verde. If not, the Wyndham is fine.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Why so Overpriced For $200 per night (non ocean front but oceanview web rate) this place was overpriced. The rooms were nice but ordinary and rather old. There is only access to a small pubic beach partially bordered by the road in and out of Dorado. And you can eat wonderful $6 breakfasts about a block away at two oceanoverlooking restaurants. Nice pool area however. The best thing about Puerto Rico is old san Juan. Great for photos.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely LOVED it! We stayed a whole week in October 2003 on the concierge level facing the ocean, we absolutely enjoyed it. The staff was very helpful and friendly and we enjoyed the free breakfast bar and evening buffet and of course my children loved the giant cookies they offer every night. That was my second visit to the island and stayed there both times. NO PROBLEMS.... :)  
<Date>Mar 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Condado a Bust. Mediocre hotel for upscale price I stayed at the Condado Plaza for my bday with my sister in October, 2003. We expected an elegant hotel, we got a mediocre hotel instead. The staff was not all that accomodating, and the casino was tacky as well. They had the ABSOLUTE WORST RESTAURANT on the same level as the casino. They served microwave food for gourmet prices - appauling. I wouldn't eat that stuff if I was starving. They said they had a beach. YOU CALL THAT A BEACH. It looks like a child's sandbox overlooking the HIGHWAY. we expected more for the price. They boasted the Condado as being the happening spot. that's an understatement. NOTHING at all is happening in condado. me and my sister walked the whole strip looking for the trendy-action as well as a decent beach. It was a desolate strip with a couple of restaurants here and there.. nothing to brag about. We ended up going to the beach by the Marriot and El Canario by the Sea. Again, not much to write home about. The waves were so high, it was not swimmable, not to mention no lifeguards. I feared for my life to dip my feet in that ocean. I suppose if you are a surfer, it's great... swimmer - not great. We went one night to isla verde, and it seemed very happening, however, i found the crowd there to be of the tacky variety. What we did love was Old San Juan, but the people there don't consider that a happening spot. I think they should open some hip clubs there, it would do well. It was my first trip to PR and in general I found the people to resent the gringo tourists. SCUSE METhey were not very friendly. I expect friendly hospitable service while on vacation. you get more hospitality in new york than in PR.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Would stay again We were at the Condado Feb 6, 2004 for one night pre-cruise. We joined By Request as mentioned in other postings which I think helped a lot. We ended up in an ocean view room which was a nice large room with a large walk in closet with a safe. King bed and a sitting area. If you are looking to do a lot of beach time don't stay here. the beach is across the street and it is small. Pick another hotel. The hotel had many pools. We didn't use because it was raining. We didn't use the casino either (not our bag). We did eat at the breakfast buffet which was very nice. The only problem we had was during check in. They did not have enough people to man the desk and they were not doing anything about it. We stood in line for a half hour and after traveling all day that wasn't a good thing. It was pretty close to old san juan. You can get a taxi right outside and for about $10 you can get to town. The cops don't recommend walking it. It was close (taxi ride) to the cruise ship pier. It is more wise to take a taxi to the pier, instead of buying the cruise ship transfers. you have more control over your time. We would stay here again but if we were staying in PR for a longer stint we would stay at another resort with a great beach.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok if you plan on day trips elsewhere This hotel is way over priced and no where near as nice as it TRYS to be. My husband and I(28-35yrs old) had a lagoon view room which over looked the roof of the restaurants and contained someones old underwear and their discarded camera.  The casino is pretty low class with a lot of stinky smoky stagnant air. Lots of fake gold from the seventys, fake plants. Kinda tacky. The staff was friendly and helpful. Beware of BIG taxes and tariffs even if you supposedly have already paid them via Hotwire. Don Joses(casual Puerto/ Mexican food) located next door has great food and a wonderful ocean view. I also really enjoyed Urdin on the corner of Magdalena and Ashford. The atmosphere is there and the salmon is superb. Go to the rainforest, Old San Juan and take a snorkel trip. Check out the ESJ at night- fun nightclub and lots of decked out people.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a wonderful experience! After reading the poor reviews, I was apprehensive when I was awarded this hotel on Priceline. The experience was excellent though! The staff was very freindly and helpful, the room was clean and spacious, The public spaces were beatiful! I also called ahead for some chocalates and flowers to be placed in my room for my wife. They went overboard with rose petals on the bed, a bottle of wine and cheese. They did not even charge me. The only short coming of the hotel is their small beach that butts up against a highway, but their pool area is extremely beautiful so it really makes little difference. Overall they went ABOVE AND BEYOND to make me and my wife feel special and I thank the management and staff for that. Remember, when you are angry you will take the time to write , but most people who have a good experience do not bother. Try this hotel and you won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>check reviews before you go! if you go... check reviews for this hotel. during school vacations the price is too high for this place. the city will be great in 5 yrs. the construction is awful, the beach is terrible. old san juan is great, go on a snorkeling trip. rent a car and explore. weather is wonderful, would have enjoyed a resort.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The good and the not great Checked out on 2/20/04. The hotel is at the beginning of the Condado, right by the bridge to Old San Juan. The small beach is public, not very nice, buy beautiful clean water with no waves - the ocean constantly sends clean water into the lagoon. The rooms are nice, and ocean front well worth the additional cost, as the view from the other side is not great. The pool areas are very nice. The line at check-in is a problem at times, but once you're checked in, all works well. The concierge is very helpful. The hotel restaurants are just ok. In the casino the slot machines are not in good shape, and there are few people to help when you have a problem with them. Save your slot money for Vegas, etc. There are local restaurants with $5.00 breakfasts, as opposed to the expensive hotel breakfast. I agree with another poster - my favorite local restaurant for dinner was La Ropa Vieja. It's just a 5 minute walk.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thorntree
<Content>Second trip to Wyndham Condado We stayed here the night before our cruise in January of this year and last. For a few extra dollars we stayed on the club floor oceanfront(not at the outragios prices that occasionally appear on Wyndham's website). The room and sevice was above average. I can understand the noise complaints for the rooms facing the street. The pool arae is great especially the water slide which was enjoyed by all the young children and this 60 year old child. The beach is really a city park/beach, a little small and not the most beautiful (it overlooks construction at the Caribe Hilton) But I would recomend it for small children who want to wade. The restaurants seemed a bit pricey so for the second year in a row we had a good meal at the Wakiki down the block.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location.. a few minor problems My two teenagers and I spent 4 nights here before Christmas. Upon arrival, there were some minor problems with our reservations (did not have my by request with reservations and wrong room type), but this was remedies quickly as they upgraded us to an ocean front view. The view was incredible and we had a very large balcony (many rooms had next to nothing for balconies). The walk in closet was spacious enough for a person to change in while someone else occupied the bathroom. Very helpful for teens!! If you are a beach person, stay somewhere else as the beach was quite dismal. However, the pool area and grounds were very nice for relaxing and enjoying the troical scenery. 1 day at the pools and beach is enough, get out and see Old San Juan or take a trip to Fahardo for snorkling or to see the rain forrest.There were some minor problems with room service not getting orders correct, but it didn't make the vacation a wash-out. Police seem to be everywhere around the Condado area and walking to various places felt very safe. THere are many restaurants close by and the walk in the evenings was quite nice.Overall, a very nice vacation with clean rooms and ok service. I give it an A and will go back again!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ILIKECATS
<Content>FUN FUN FUN IN PUERTO RICO I stayed at the WYNDHAM CONDADO HOTEL  CASINO, nICE PLACE FRIENDLY PEOPLE. Our room was ok, not a great view at all. WHat I am warning people about is lack of security when billing food and etc. to your room. You can give any room number and name and bill it to other rooms, no one is matching anything up. It took hours to straight the mix up out. TIme we should have been spending seeing the city instead of standing at the front desk. So please check your bill often.. thanks  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four star rating a joke! This is one of the worst hotels I have ever stayed in! Four star? Not even close!! The service by the hotel staff was bad, almost antagonistic. Drinks over-priced - $6-7 for a beer? City-view room was so loud - had to buy ear plugs to muffle the street noise. Room was not clean when we checked in. The beach at the hotel was a joke. We were told that guests at one Wyndham could enjoy resources of other Wyndhams on the island... not so!! Staff at other Wyndhams equally as unfriendly and unhelpful. If this room was $100-150/night, I would probably not complain. But for $250+ per night, I expected a clean room, good service and nice amenities. After this experience, I will NEVER stay at another Wyndham hotel!!!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disgrace to be called a Wyndham Hotel This was the worse vacation I have experienced and the most expensive. Due to the filth at the Condado, both in the rooms and even the cafeteria, we were forced to either fly home or find other accommodations. We were lucky to find rooms at another Wyndham, namely the El SAN JUAN BUT AT A RATE THAT WAS TWICE THE PRICE. This hotel was indeed worthy of the Wyndham name. However, spending over $500 a night one would expect that you could sleep after spending a wonderful day at the beach and the pools. Security was called on a nightly basis but it did not help - we were told that there were numerous complaints from other rooms as well as ours. Supposedly, we were told that after two visits from the security the third was when you were asked to leave. This did not happen.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fine hotel! We just returned from a family vacation at the Wyndham Condado Plaza. It was a very enjoyable experience. There are three pools and many fine restaurants all at the hotel. We joined Wyndham by request and were able to upgrade our rooms. We enjoyed the casino, sunbathing by the pool and kayaking in the lagoon. For 25 cents we took a short bus ride right outside the hotel into Old San Juan. This hotel does not have a good beach as the coastline in this area is rocky but we picked this hotel because we were looking to be near other attractions. Most of the good beaches in Puerto Rico seem to be located in secluded areas. If you are looking for a variety of things to do you will enjoy the Wyndham Condado. Evenings rock here with meringue and salsa music and dancing a nightly occurence.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We stayed here for one week in November. We stayed here for one week in November. We stayed on the plaza club floor. The room was large and very clean. Our price included continental breakfast, snacks before dinner and wonderful cookies before going to sleep. I told them it was our anniversary, and we were upgraded to an ocean room. We joined Wyndam by request and were given wine and cheese and crackers when we arrived. The staff was very nice. The seafood restaurant was very good and not expensive. Just be sure when you checkout of the hotel, you check your bill very carefully. Items that were not to be on the bill because we joined Wnydam by request were on the bill. They took charges off without any problems. The only complaint is the beach is awful. But pool area very nice. I highly recommend the plaza club floor. Rooms are very nice and price of room includes continental breakfast, snacks before dinner and wonderful cookies at night. I told them it was our anniversary and we were upgraded to a lovely ocean room. We joined wyndam by request, and we had wine and cheese and crackers waiting for us when we arrived. We were told we would have the turn down service (clean towels and bed made up at night) but, that only happened a few nights. The seafood restaurant was very good and price was not overly high. Pool area was nice. The beach was awful. Very small and near the main road. The staff did try to be helpful whenever we had a request or complaint. There are some good restaurants near the hotel. Our favorite is Ropa Vieja. A 5 minute walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CdaLsw
<Content>nothing special, very ordinary Definitely not a four diamond/star hotel.Positives: Nice lobby, beautiful grounds (3 pools, overlooking the ocean), beach was very small, but okay. If you are a beach person you might want to stay further down on the strip or in isla verda. Great location, close to Old San Juan and within walking distance of supermarkets, all sorts of restaurants (various price ranges from fast food to five course) and shopping. At night we walked along Ashford avenue, which was very nice, very safe to do. We joined Wyndham by Request (no charge) and got upgraded to an ocean view room. The rooms were very spacious and had huge walk in closets. There was nightly entertainment, 24 hour casino and tons of places to eat on site. Bus stop is located right beside the hotel and takes you right into old san juan for 25 cents. Pleasant hotel staff/good service.The Negatives include: The furniture in the room was a bit on the shabby side ( some scratches, dents, rust on wall lamps)and the carpet was worn. Cracked tile in the bathrooms which felt outdated. We were part of a large party staying at the hotel, so we got to see other rooms, and these were the same - nothing special, great view but with slightly shabby outdated furniture. Gym use was $7 per day.This hotel would be a perfect place to stay if the rooms were nicer and the beach were better. Overall though, as it is, it is very ordinary.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try it you may or may not lick it! The staff was wonderful. The great location. I paid $535.00 for 4 nights. For the amount I paid, it was worth the stay.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Save Yourself This is a terrible hotel. It's overpriced. The service is bad. The beach is a small strip of sand next to a very busy road. The rooms are old and worn out. The casino is a joke. The elevators are the slowest I've ever seen. Save yourself, don't go!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wellsfargo
<Content>Not bad My wife and I spent our honeymoon in San Juan and stayed at this resort. We got this place through Priceline. After reading the reviews from this website, we were very concerned about staying hers. There are so many negative things that were mentioned. Prior to arriving, I called Wyndham and shared my concerns about their hotel. I also contacted PriceLine and told them the same things. We are Wyndham by Request members. When we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted promptly by the front desk staff. They told us that our room was ready on the 10th floor which is the Club Plaza. When we got to the top, we were greeted by the conciere. He told us that we had the Presidential Suite and that a bottle of wine and cheese were waiting on us. There is only one Presidential Suite and it goes for over 1000 in the off season and 2000 in peak season. When we went to our room, we were very pleased with the accomadations. There were two seperate bathrooms, all marble tile, jetted over sized tub and a very large bedroom. We couldn't believe that we were upgraded to this room. Only thought that we had was that Wyndham wanted to make it right because of our phone call and concerns. Every night in the Club Lounge there were appetizers and in the morning there was a continental breakfast. The staff treated us like royalty the whole time. The room was very clean. We ate at Maxis one time and the service was prompt and the food was great. The casino was fine and it was not that crowded and we even won some money the last night. The pool was fine, but it could be deeper. The beach off of the hotel is nothing to shout about. If your looking for a beach, this place is not for you. However, there are plenty of quality restaurants close by. Old San Juan is less than five minutes by taxi. The taxi fares are negotiable and not set in stone. There are police everywhere and it is very safe to walk the streets around the hotel. We would recommend you stay here for the right price and get a room on the ocean side. There are two buildings. Don't stay in the building above Tony Romas, you have no views. Hope this helps  
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Condado Plaza The Wyndham Condado Plaza turned out to be an excellent family hotel for our recent visit to San Juan. The pool complex was very kid friendly and the service was excellent. There was a Sponge Bob two hour party held twice weekly for the kids as well. Our eight year old much enjoyed his stay. Our oceanfront room was clean and spacious with a lovely welcome basket on our arrival (tip - join Wyndham by Request for special perks here). Our only complaint - the beach was a small public one, and not very clean. The bus to Old San Juan stops in front of the hotel and costs a mere 25 cents - very convenient.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lousy lousy liars Recently stayed at Condado. Rate we were quoted on the phone was not available when we got there. Manager said this happens all the time. People get quoted a lower rate on the 800 number. You must pay the higher one. Staff at restaurant constantly reminded us that tips WERE NOT included in the bill. Every morning this happened. The beach was virtually nonexistent and had a terrible odor. It took two days for them to fix our room's air conditioner. When we asked an employee for her name, she said she wouldn't give it to us. The location was not as promised. Hotel concierge did not tell us (nor did any hotel literature) that we had privileges at other Wynham on the island. A cabbie told us that. That Wyndham's concierge was much more helpful. Manager was rude. Stay away from this dog!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Taken to the cleaners!! We were taken to the cleaners on this one. Used this hotel for pre- and post-cruise stay. Check in at this hotel is a nightmare. Checkout even worse. We very nearly missed our connection to our cruise. Number one complaint is the clerk lost our reservation, and put us in a lesser room than we had paid for (pre-arranged as part of our package). What a rip-off. Has too many children and young adults running about the lobby. Restaurants way overpriced and service spotty. Concierge? What concierge! Tried to get help confirming airline flights and never got a return call. Spend your money elsewhere!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>the best decision was to stay here I just returned from a week in Puerto Rico and stayed at this hotel. It was the best choice ever. Although it is very pricey as far as food. I do recomend staying here and renting a car to drive to eat at other places. The service was great and the rooms were wonderful. The ocean view was amazing... I would definitley stay at this hotel again..Also this hotel has a casino which keeps you entertained when you just dont want to go out. The most imporatant thing to remember is to rent a car...The best beaches and best food are away from the city but the best night life is here...  
<Date>Jul 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an A++ for the condado plaza!!!!! we recently visited san juan and chose the condado plaza for our stay. we found the location most appealing and our room overlooked the most beautiful ocean we had ever seen. the choice of pools is very good..with lots of fun to be had at the poolside bar. there were lots of people there, all very friendly and the staff was willing to go out of there way to make us comfortable. i can't imagine anyone NOT having a great experience at this hotel. when we visit san juan again, the condado will certainly be our choice!!!!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK hotel - but find someplace else to eat! Over the winter school break we flew into San Juan on JetBlue (wonderful airline) from JFK in NY. At JFK, we left our car with AviStar, an off-airport parking service. This was a great idea. They provided a shuttle service to the terminal, and it was cheaper than parking in the airport lot. When we returned, they picked us up and put our luggage into our waiting, heated car!Upon arrival in PR, it cost us about $15 for three of us plus luggage to take a cab to the hotel (no free shuttle service). The cab ride was about twenty minutes or so. Check in took five minutes.Our room was ready when we arrived and we were fortunate enough to get upgraded from a city view to an ocean view. Hint - join Wyndham by Request when you call to make your reservation- there is no charge. Book the cheaper room and request an upgrade if one is available when you make the reservation and also when you check in. The Condado Plaza has two towers the one we stayed at overlooked the ocean and had the lobby and the majority of restaurants. The other tower overlooks the lagoon and the city of San Juan.The room was lovely. It was very large and clean. The entrance hallway had a credenza unit with a fairly large refrigerator inside and a pretty nice sized area for storing food (we called it the kitchen). On top of the unit was a complimentary basket with bottled water, crackers, cheese, a bottle of wine and some other goodies, courtesy of Wyndham by Request. There was also a small coffeemaker with samples of Puerto Rican coffee for early risers. The bathroom was average sized with lots of counter space and room for toiletries. The sink was in the bathroom, not outside like in some hotels. No problem with hot water or water pressure.There was a VERY large walk-in closet adjacent to the bathroom. It may have even been larger than the bathroom. I have never seen such a large closet in any hotel I have been to. You could probably have a couple of small kids sleep in this rr all of our hanging clothing and suitcases. The minibar, which we never used, was in this room.Our room had two queen beds, two large chairs and lamps for reading, a desk with two desk chairs, and an armoire with a large TV and VCR inside. (Video tapes are available for rent from the hotel).There was a balcony overlooking the ocean with a small plastic resin table and two chairs. The door out to the balcony looked brand new. We had absolutely no problems with housekeeping the week we were there. We only spent a small amount of time in the casino. It was large compared to others we saw in Puerto Rico, but small compared to a recent visit to Las Vegas. It generally seemed to be crowded in the evening, but not cramped.The main pool was very nice it has a slide, which the kids enjoyed. There were numerous chairs and lounges everywhere with comfy cushions. We never had a problem getting a place to sit in the sun or the shade. You get pool towels from a booth as you enter the pool area. A bill for $10 per towel is written up and filed in a box. When you return the towels the receipt is ripped up. A novelty was that the pools were open 24 hours a day. One night we went swimming at midnight. There were always people (including security staff) walking around, so you felt safe.There is also a saltwater pool, which was interesting, and two hot tubs, which were just ok. (We have a spa at home, so were not overly impressed). The public beach is very small, practically on the road and not very appealing. We never went to that beach. Instead, we asked the concierge one morning to call one of their sister hotels, the Wyndham Old San Juan on Isla Verde. She arranged for us to use their facilities gratis, as we were registered guests. That was great. We took a $10 cab ride to that hotel which was really beautiful. We were given a wristband, which allowed us full use of the facilities including their much larger pool and beach area and towels. That was a fun afternoon.We spent a short time one evening in the hotel lobby people watmmense salt water aquarium. We also had drinks in two different lounges, one with a live band. Now, here are the negatives. We had problems with every one of the hotel restaurants we visited.Tony Romas is a casual rib place in the lagoon tower. We had a real communication problem with our waiter that took two other people to resolve. At check-in you are given a cardboard charge card to charge items to your room. We first used it at this restaurant, and it took almost 40 minutes just to get a receipt for our dinner. Needless to say, we did not use it again.Another night we went to Maxs Grill. Our waitress was sullen and unhappy and didnt seem to want to be there. The food was ok though. Prices were high, but not more than one would expect at an urban hotel.The worst was our visit to Cobia. This is their deluxe seafood restaurant. (A la Carte, with entrees in the $25+ range). We planned on making this a memorable vacation evening. Well, we were seated at our table and ignored, as tables around us were served. After about 30 minutes, we left.Not one person a waiter, busperson, hostess, etc., came by to offer us a menu, a drink, or even some water or bread. Certainly not the kind of service to expect in an expensive restaurant in a nice hotel. By the way, the restaurant was half empty and this was a weeknight, so I dont think an overworked staff was the problem.To sum it up, the hotel was ok, but eat elsewhere!  
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pretty good, but not 4 star material We only had a one night stay at the Wyndham Condado, in April 2003. We traveled on to another island the next day. Although this resort is rated as a four star, I felt it was more like a 2 or 3 star. I read an earlier review of this resort and they mentioned to enroll in the Wyndham by Request... GOOD CALL! I enrolled and got a free upgrade to the ocean View, which was spectacular, and paid for a city view. When we arrived, we had a nice bottle of wine, cheese and fruit. Very nice touch. The only issues that I had were the lobby, the dirty elevators and the screaming kids running through the hallways. The room was very clean but seemed a little old. The service was great. We didn't eat at the resort, because I have heard that it was expensive, not worth it. I would stay there again for a short time, not a week!  
<Date>May 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nightmare at Condado! If I could give this hotel NO rating I would. It was a terrible experience. Our room was mediocre at best for over $300/night! It took us over an hour to check in only to be told that we had to check back in in a few hours - which took another hour of standing in line. Our bags didn't arrive in our hotel room until almost 2 hours after we got to our room! EVERY single employee we encountered was the most apathetic unprofessional hotel personnel I've ever met. They forgot to bring us food and coffee in the restaurants almost every time we ate there. The pool staff and bartenders were rude. We even complained and the manager seemed uninterested. This wasn't a vacation it was a prison where I had to pay a lot of money for. Avoid this hotel AT ALL COSTS.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nanioid
<Content>Average hotel, nice view of ocean My husband and I stayed at this hotel for four nights in March 2003. I would definitely suggest that you sign up for Wyndham By Request before staying there. It is free and allows you to customize your room and you receive a free drink and snack upon your arrival. They will also upgrade your room for free if you join Wyndham By Request. The beach by the hotel was tiny. The drinks and restaurants in the hotel were expensive. We never found any vending machines in the hotel, but they do have a gift shop where you may buy snacks or there are a couple of small stores with a few blocks. The bus is your best bet for getting to Old San Juan. It is a quarter to ride. The hotel is about a 10 minute ride from Old San Juan. I wish the hotel had a few more restaurants nearby. There is a Subway and a Chilis within a few blocks, but not a whole lot of other things.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hfruehauf
<Content>Never Again! My ladyfriend and I (50-ish and I'm a former travel agent and well-traveled) stayed there for one, Jan. 18, 2003 after a cruise out of San Juan and were very disappointed. To start with, most hotels in San Juan are expensive and, indeed, overpriced, esp. this one for which we were stuck paying around $250 for a superior room in the inland tower facing the lagoon. All things considered, it wasn't worth half that. As we arrived before noon, they held our luggage while we drove around for a few hours. Once we arrived in late afternoon, the check-in process and waiting for the luggage in the room, normally a 5-10 minute affair that would have allowed us to get changed to go out for dinner, took nearly ONE HOUR while we called and called for our stuff. The public rooms aren't much to crow about and passing thru the low-class, noisy casino to reach the south tower was not pleasant. The crowd was pretty gamey. Carpets, elevators, etc., were pretty worn and dirty. No way we would eat there. The superior room was anything but. It was dirty, poorly maintained, and VERY run-down. It hadn't seen any refurbishing beyond the cheapest cover-ups in MANY years and, except for a decent bath, looked like an old, worn out Holiday Inn in the boonies. Carpets, walls were dirty and all the furniture was scratched, gouged and abraded. We tried for 1-2 HOURS to get the so-called concierge to return our many calls and get us a dinner reservation. Ridiculous! In-house parking was reasonable, but that's about it. The best feature of the hotel was getting out. We did a slow burn, considered it little more than a way overpriced, worn out tourist-class hotel and cannot for a moment contemplate going back or what was in the minds of those who gave it good reviews.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beware of hidden mini bar charges I really like this hotel, nice views, nice rooms, good service, yes...the beach is small but PR has so much to offer that the small beach is not even an issue.The problem with the Condado Plaza is the damn mini bar charges. I stayed at this hotel twice during the month Jan 03 and both times at check out they wanted to charge me for items in the mini bar that I did not even touch.It was a surprise when I returned home and checked my on-line credit card statement ad found there is a charge for 17.70 from Wyndham, I called the hotel and they said it was from the mini bar. I'm working on getting a credit but it takes calls and faxes to get it off.My friend that also stayed there (recommended by me) also found a charge for 33.00 on her credit card. The damn mini bar again...If you are not planning to use the mini bar have it sealed or emptied out by a member of the staff or have someone take inventory the day you check out. What a scam!And who needs to use the mini bar when there are at least 4 mini markets within walking distance of the hotel. $7.00 for water is ridiculous!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not the perfect location i stumbled across this website AFTER i booked my reservation for this hotel. i hope this might help vacationer's with their planning.....positive - awesome view of the lagoon, hotel itself was clean and nicely remodelled, great pools, decent food, good service, small casino.negative - tinytiny public beach. you have to walk about 15 minutes to the next condado beach which wasn't even all that good. Go to Isla Verde or Luquillo beach which both required a cab ride. The bathroom in my room was very small and a bit dirty for a 4 star hotel.overall, would not recommend to stay in the hotel or around this location. Definitely not worth your money or the status of a 4 star hotel...closer to 3.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved Puerto Rico. Stay anywhere but go. Honestly I thought Puerto Rico was wonderful. The hotel was very nice without anything to complain about. The pool is beautiful. If you want to get a good spot you must get there early. The sun is not on the pool in the morning so save a chair with some belongings by the dolphin fountains by the steps of the pool. This is the area that gets the most sun during the day. The beach is small and kind of does suck, but when it is 10 degrees back home, who can knock it. I fully recommend the catarmaran snorkeling tour. They take you to a beautiful deserted island with a beautiful beach on the carribean side. The water is crystal clear and incredible. Exactly what you want. DO NOT book the tour to the rain forest. At the hotel it cost 35 a person. They take you there on a nature walk and don't let you near the waterfall. Rent a car and drive there so you can explore like I wish I had. Admission to the rainforest is 3 dollars a person. The thing that sucked about the hotel was the bs charges. I didn't mind the 7 dollar large bottle water I drank in the room except they charge a 20% restocking charge. So it was then 8.20. I think their profit margin is already high enough why add the 20%. Everything in the hotel has a 20% charge so be ready for it. Also, breakfast. You would think they would have something reasonable in the hotel. Nope. $15 for the continental and $18 for the buffet which included eggs and french toast. Besides these petty things and my $40 dollar breakfast with tip, I had a wonderful time. As for being the largest casino, don't think your in vegas or AC. It might be the largest for Puerto Rico but for anyone else it is smaller then the tiny outskirts of vegas casinos. Daytime play was fine but don't bother at night. Way too crowded. I have to admit. Next time I will pick a hotel in Isla Verde with a nicer beach.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed by stay   showReview(842248, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Wyndham Condado Plaza Hotel   showReview(838756, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Christmas 2002   showReview(834032, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad   showReview(829644, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NewYorkBebe
<Content>A good choice   showReview(813221, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all it's said to be   showReview(748902, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place, great little beach   showReview(704999, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>noisy loud young people were more important than the guests   showReview(610299, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ocean Front in San Juan   showReview(577126, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Visit March 2002   showReview(432292, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j y retourne a chaques sejours a Puerto rico   showReview(15562206, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>appreciation positive   showReview(13976413, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cel971
<Content>Excellent s茅jour       Chambre  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Umbau bis Ende 2007   showReview(11657690, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Hallihallo
<Content>Vorsicht bei Garantie per Kreditkarte + L盲rm wie in Jugendherberge   showReview(5608398, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

