<Author>melaniebeth
<Content>Lovely I stayed at this hotel this summer for three nights. Me and my friends stayed in a suite.Check-in wasnt as smooth as would have liked but staff were friendly.Our luggage was taken upstairs by the porters which was nice of them.The room was lovely very spacious with lovely views and the toiletries in the bedrooms were excellent-bvlgari branded.Excellent location right next to statue of liberty, and bars and restaurants. The service was good and staff were friendly but it wasnt very personal to each guests although this is probably because it is a very big hotel.Loved it alot but maybe a little prentencious for me  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SASSSSY
<Content>Customer svs was great! Unfort, my hubby and i had a tough year on the health front. After 2 hospitalizations we checked into the Ritz Carlton, BPC both times (we actually live in NYC).The staff at the front desk could not have been more amazing. They had no idea what we had been through but we must have looked a bit tired, etc. They were incredibly gracious and gave us a wonderful upgrade. The breakfasts were deelish, the views of Lady Liberty were beautiful and the beds were really comfy! Some peole have suggested the hotel needs to be updated. we stayed in a suite so not sure what the standard room looks like but ours was really quite lovely. we thought it to be the same quality as any other higher end hotel and would def go back. It isn't brand spanking new so if that is super imp than a another hotel may suit you needs a bit better-still, though, i have been to other 4S and RC's that were a lot more tired.I think we paid around $15 per day for internet svs and will agree w other posters: it is ridiculous to have to pay for wifi.I think the front desk mng was MIKE and he was AMAZING! The gentleman who took my room svs order everyday was super accommodating to the diet restrictions the doc had recommended. In the past few yrs we have stayed at a variety of FS, Cap Juluca, Sandy Lane and the Ritz BPC had the most gracious staff of all.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jco35
<Content>Lovely We booked our stay through American Express Platinum Travel, and were upgraded to a harbor view one bedroom suite. It was really lovely. The rooms were well furnished and comfortable, the bed was very comfortable and the view incomparable. The bathroom was spotless and everything functioned perfectly. The service was friendly and helpful without exception. A few comments: the bathroom lights were all on one switch, which can be jarring in the nighttime, so I would have preferred dimmer switches or some sort of night light option. The carpet and some furnishings appeared a bit worn, seems that it's almost time for a renovation. The television was old style, small screen cathode tube in a big ugly cabinet. That should also be fixed. But overall, we really enjoyed the Ritz.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Teddy1121
<Content>Not So Great Well, I booked through American Express Centurion (my hubby has a black card) and the rate here was great, that I will say (395/nt). I booked 2 rooms for a girls' overnight. It stank! The rooms were really sort of run down and dirty, it was unlike any other Ritz I have ever stayed in. My husband has had better experiences then me here so maybe the fact that I requested 2 adjoining rooms limited the room choice. But rug was dirty, it was far from luxurious. Service is good, I will say that! Excellent concierge desk (but unable to get reservations at good restaurants so make them on your own. They booked us at the Bubble Lounge, which had I not known better, would have sucked). Sort of lame experience and I had high expectations because it is a Ritz after all!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	3	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>isvaradeva
<Content>Wanna Be Luxury The reason why I know that this is a luxury hotel is because they tell me it is, but frankly few of the experiences here are luxury. First the good....1. The staff with relatively few exception is friendly (although the restaurant staff can be slow) and competent. Every time I returned to the hotel, the staff greeted me with a warm welcome and made me feel like I was coming home. 2. If you get a room with a view of the harbor, it is an awesome view. The Statue of Liberty is right outside the windows and it is nice to watch the boats pass by. 3. For a high end hotel, wi fi is relatively cheap ($12.95/night or $59.95 for seven nights). I will never understand why wi fi is free at a Motel 6 but not at a hotel for which you pay $500 a night but the Ritz is no different than other high end hotels. Since most in my experience charge $25/day (highway robbery), the Ritz price wasn't too bad.Now the bad. 1. The room itself is quite plain. For a hotel catering to business travelers it is amazing how few outlets there are to plug in computers etc. The toiletries are Bulgari, but they provide very few of them. 2. The room service menu is appallingly bad. There is very little to choose from in general and the choices are nowhere near the standards of most luxury hotels (dry rubbery hamburgers, pizza etc.) Frankly, the restaurant is not much better. While there are more choices of food, the fare is unimaginative and average. 3. The hotel lacks basics like a stocked sundry shop. I don't expect the a whole pharmacy but if I forget my deodorant, I find it preposterous that I can get a replacement at the Crown Plaza but not at the Ritz (actually they had Speed Stick for men, but nothing for women. Obviously in a pinch you wear what the have, but are women not business travelers too? Must I smell like a teenager going to prom in bad cologne?) . Nor can you get a magazine, a pack of gum or other basics. You can however, buy very expensive yuppie candles.I haven't stayed at other hotels downtown, but I will definitely look for other options the next time I must be in this area.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	4	4	

<Author>Mahaguru
<Content>Peaceful NYC Alternative I enjoyed my 3-night stay but take it in light of the hotel location, 4 mins walk from my destination, and the fact that I had no time to enjoy NYC on this trip. The rooms are as comfortable as you'd expect but the big treat, I think, is having the unobstructed view of the harbour and enough quiet that you can open the window at night. Hotel services and food are good. This is a great place to stay for a change of pace in NYC - nice walking path along the river and a surprisingly mellow atmosphere in the Battery Park/Gateway Plaza neighborhood. The hotel is more than a walk from anywhere in Manhattan, Wall Street excepted, and you'd probably end up taking a taxi everywhere you need to go. The tradeoff for being more in the middle of things, entertainment-wise, is the view and relaxed neighborhood.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ProGeo
<Content>Amazing view, Romantic location!       park view  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Francofinn
<Content>Nice hotel, but more 4-star than 5-star I got a nice offer on this hotel through BA Holidays website.Otherwise I wouldn't never have spent 500 $+tax per night for that hotel !First of all, let's speak about the view. Everybody seems to find it amazing... It's true they easily upgrade you to a harbour view room (so why spending 100 $ per night when you are very able to get the nice room for the price of a city view room...?), but I didn't find the view that extraordinary. Maybe for NYC it's, but you only see some grey water and the Statue of Liberty far away (that's very nice though, because you have a telescope in the room). The second fact is that the hotel isn't very tall (only 14 stories), so it's quite impossible to have a breathtaking view (personally I enjoy a lot being on a very high floor...).The room was very clean and big, the bed wonderful ! But when you look at the room you don't feel like being in a 5-star hotel. Furnishings are very average.Bathroom is really nice with WC, bathtub and shower apart. Nice Bulgari amenitites also.There is one thing I found quite strange : the quality of housekeeping changed every day... ! One day we had free bottles of water, one day we hadn't... One day we had three chocolates on the bed, one day we had only one... One day there were new bottles of conditioner, shampoo and lotion, one day we had to deal with the almost empty old ones...After all, the location is good and bad at the same time... If you want to be in a quiet and sterile area, it's probably the best hotel in NYC. But if you want to be near all, in the middle of the hectic NYC citylife, stay elsewhere. If you go Midtown and back, that will cost you around 30$ (15$ one way), plus tip... !  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>londoneagle
<Content>Perfect Location We have just returned from a 5 night stay at the Ritz Carlton Batt Park having visited New York 4 times before.We chose this hotel because of a special deal from British Airways and the good location.The hotel is based at the very end of Manhatton often referred to as Lower Manhatton or Downtown. It is right next to all the ferries and many hotel rooms have a magnificant view of the Statue of Liberty.It is also next to the city and all the skyscrapers, so the other hotel rooms also have an incredible view.You can easily walk to the WTC site, Wall street, South Seaport and there is an underground stop very closeby which gives you access to the rest of NY.The area is very safe and it was great visiting 5th Avenue and Times square via underground, but it was also great getting away from the madness to the tranquility of the Ritz Carlton.You get a real chance to experience the real New York as most of the restaurants and bars are full of locals - not tourists.Went to Bobby Vans, River Cafe, Bateaux Cruise, 2-West and One by Land Two by Sea. All fantastic, probably ranked in the order I listed them.Not cheap in this area except for clothes.Service in hotel very good and cocktail bar on 14th floor has outdoor spectacular views of Statue Liberty. We thought we were mixing with Sex in the City types and we couldnt resist joining in by ordering cosmopolitans as in the film.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>HLana
<Content>Not worth the money I completely agree with the previous review by dannymcl--pretentious, overstaffed, high-class chain. The beds were very comfortable, but the room was dusty--very dusty in corners. Housekeeping was below average. We had to remake the beds to fix the problem with the mattress pads. The worst part was the breakfast at the hotel restaurant. The omlet consisted of a big lump of egg with just a few pieces of veges and ham inside--extremely unappetizing. What was supposed to be hashbrowns was a deep-fried lump of potato shreds. I ordered French Toast which seemed also deep fried. The breakfast for my family (two adults and two kids) cost 95 dollars, and it wasn't worth it!!! The wait staff looked so tired and unhappy at 9:00 am. If you want a good breakfast, go to the cafe near the hotel. The name starts with a Z and it's just a block away. The following few days, we stayed at Hotel Commonwealth in Boston--first class experience. Next time, we will reconsider staying at the ritz; instead, I am going to try another boutique hotel like Hotel Commonwealth. Other small lluxury hotels are listed on the website--www.slh.com.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	4	2	5	3	1	

<Author>Jay175
<Content>Hmmm mixt feelings Stayed in the hotel end of July with my wife and two teenage daughters.First of all great location, we came to NY to relax and this is the palce to be... It's out of the hussle of mid town, but realy not that far away.The staff were very good, however, almost over the top... we started to feel they were being over polite to get tips (front door..)But it's perhaps not the case, as everything went very well. Taxies were very easy to get.The check in was fast even though we were early... however no up-grades as the hotel was full due to a wedding.The rooms are quite a good size for NY, great view of the statue, however, the rooms do need a make over as the are well worn and at these prices it's not realy acceptable. a flat screen tv would help. Beds are great, but the worst thing is the noise.... almost no sound proofing, we were on the 5th floor and could understand what people were saying down on the road, the air con. also had to be switched off at night due to the noise.The bath room was good but also out dated.Yes I think we would go back again, but not at the price we paid. This is not a 5 star hotel, and I think it's not right to rely on service to cover up the outdated property.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>llamaMamaMarinCounty
<Content>Great Views We had a Liberty Suite that directly overlooked the Statue of Liberty and the New York Harbor. For fireworks--the best display is at South Street Seaport, not at this location but you can see some smaller fireworks over the Statue as well as New Jersey. Great service, good jogging path, nice area for kids to play outside. You are at the very end of the island so you will travel to get just about anywhere--30 minutes just up to 59th street. Good room service, good gourmet market right across street. Very heavy police presence--probably the last place you would get mugged in NYC!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PerthiteOZ
<Content>Best decision was to stay here Whilst some may like noise and crowds, we do not. Having stayed in NYC twice before, this time we chose the Ritz Battery Park because of its location in a less popular tourist area. And we got it 100% right! The staff were attentive without being over the top. The room was very well appointed and a lovely size, including the bathroom. We had a City View Club room - did not want or ask for a Harbour view as my husband wished to photograph the buildings at night from our window. We were lucky enough to be able to see both the river and the buildings from our window so no complaints from him. The bed was exceptionally comfortable. We had room service one night and whilst expensive, was prompt and edible without being outstanding. The Restaurant was ok -I found the servers to be a bit snobbish and also a little supercilious in their approach to me as opposed to my husband.The Club Lounge was brilliant - except when there were noisy children there which I felt should have been kept quiet by their parents - after all, it is not a play room. Perhaps the Club Concierge would have spoken to the adults if we had asked but we preferred to return to our room with our drinks rather than upset anyone. Our choice. This did not spoil our view of the Club Lounge - the breakfast choices, lunch a la carte and late night nibblies plus free wi fi were all a hit with us. The Club Concierge also sorted out a billing error we had. We placed our own water in our mini bar fridge which required moving items already in there around (but not out of) the fridge. We were charged over $100 for items that were still in the fridge - purely because apparently the person who replenishes the bar just opens it, looks to where items are supposed to be and bills accordingly. Not a good system and one which could have proven quite expensive for us. But the amounts were reversed without fuss.The location is excellent for the subway - we journeyed up town a few times with ease. We also walked to Soho and Little Italy and if you are going to go to Century 21, it is a short walk away - very convenient for their early openings. One night we dined in the Meat Packing District, a $15 cab fare.The ability to walk through the Battery Park gardens and along the river early in the mornings with little noise or fuss was very cathartic. We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>deeps08
<Content>once you go ritz... you really can't go back to staying anywhere else! it really is all its cracked up to be. it was my husband's bday and they really make an effort to make it a special occassion. sent a bottle of champagne up to the room in the evening. upgraded our room from city view to harbor view without even asking. everyone you encounter from desk people to bell hops to servers to maids offer impeccable service. yes the battery park location is a bit 'out of the way' but if you already know NYC well enough then its a nice out of the way.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>denrusso
<Content>Great Hotel with Superb Service I booked a city view club level room here during Columbus Day weekend for a little RR with the wife. Service was spot on as soon as we arrived. Door men were attentive with plenty of bell hops to care for your luggage. Upon entering the lobby I asked if I could be escorted to the club lounge where I could check-in (club level room key required for the elevator to stop at the appropriate floor). At the 'club' my wife and two of my guests (they were not staying, only visiting momentarily) were allowed to sit and enjoy one of their food presentations (not charged extra for my guests). One of the best 'check-in' experiences I have gone through. I even ask for, and was given, and upgrade to a Harbor view room. It was also during this time that I started talking with the concierge for restaurant recommendations. He had numerous French restaurants within walking distance fax their menus for my review. My wife and I decided to take a stroll around Battery Park and through the financial district before making a decision. Once we returned, on a whim, I asked if Per Se was available - to our surprise, the concierge was able to secure us a reservation for two (by all means, no easy task).We did not eat at any of the restaurants at the hotel and hence cannot comment on them. The room was clean and well appointed. The telescope was more decoration then anything else. With a Ritz Carlton, you're paying a premium for top-notch attentive service and their Battery Park location does not disappoint...  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>citygirl4616
<Content>Nice retreat from the hustle and bustle of midtown I stayed at this Ritz for 3 nights with my husband for my 40th birthday celebration. I come to NY several times a year, and we always stay in midtown or uptown. I decided for a change of scenery, we would try the Ritz at Battery Park. It is a lovely location, right on the waterfront. The evenings were quiet, and perfect for a relaxing stroll after dinner. We had a Harbor view room overlooking the Statue of Liberty, which was very special. The hotel is beautiful...definitely up to the Ritz standards. Service was always helpful and friendly, and there was nothing the staff wouldn't do to accomodate us. This is the Ritz though, and everything is pricey. It was painful to pay $350 for a 1 hour couples massage, although the spa was nice, and the massage was excellent. Breakfast in bed was $90 (1 order of waffles and an order of poached eggs). Dinner in the dining room downstairs was $185 for 2. Unless it is a special occasion, or you are on an expense account, the prices really sting. My weekend was a splurge, so I tried not to let it bother me.Battery Park is located right near the financial district. It is not the most exciting part of town. I was looking for a quiet, relaxing weekend, and I got it. The downside is, we had to take the subway, or a cab everywhere. There is not much in Battery Park to do. My favorite restaurants, shopping and museums are all uptown. Even the Village and Soho are not really walking distance. That will probably affect my decision whether to stay there again or not. I like being able to walk outside my hotel, and having everything right outside my door.The room was very nice and the bed was incredibly comfortable. The bathroom was very large for a NYC hotel room. Housekeeping and room service were friendly, professional, quick and efficient. The conceirge was always right on target with directions and recommendations, and the front desk staff was top notch.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>gascony
<Content>Good business hotel downtown Haved stayed here 4 times this year (2008). Hotel is typical business hotel in a business district - would advise against staying here for vacation as there really is nothing but offices and a few basic coffee shop/cafes in the immediately area (although obviously has a fab view of the statue of liberty). Overall it's a high quality business hotel vs the conference type hotels you get so much in NY. Rooms are a decent size which is unusual in NY as are the bathrooms which come with good toiletries. Front desk service is always excellent. Laundry/housekeeping is a disaster - on 3 of the 4 trips they lost my pressing (!). Have only had a drink in the bar - would say it's average. Room service ok with limited choice. Breakfast is better from one of the nearby cafes. Given its location taxi's can be a nightmare - if you are going somewhere make sure you allow plenty of time for them to get you a taxi. this situation has improved a bit over the past few years but unlike the midtown or uptown hotels there is a lower level of available taxis. 5 minute walk to wall street etc which accounts for most of the guests.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>stphnwhit6
<Content>As good as it gets! We love the Ritz Carlton chain and the Battery Park Hotel didn't disappoint. We had a Club Level room and the lounge was simply great; attentive service, great food and drink and a peaceful haven that provided a great place to relax. We had our 12 year old son with us and he was well treated and loved the experience too. Can't fault it.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Justtravels988
<Content>Enjoyed The Ritz-Carlton, Battery Park I stayed at The Ritz-Carlton, Battery Park with a business colleague for 3 nights in Feb. The hotel is modern and the bar is especially cool for drinks w/ spectacular views. The rooms are comfortable and very large (for NYC). Beautiful bathrooms w/ seperate bath/ shower/ toilet. Upgraded amenities- typical Ritz beds/ linens (frette, high thread count, etc. The hotel is terrific. We had Sunday brunch in the dining room. It was a great experience; awesome selection of freshly prepared foods and seafoods- pricey, but great for hotel guests. Excellent service. Smart- realistic- funny concierge was very helpful: got us broadway tickets, restaurant reservations, etc. The only negative about this hotel for weekend guests or uptown/midtown business travelers is that the hotel is located far from city center. Hotel is very near to wall street, financial district, statue of liberty--but you'll need to use the trains on the weekend to hit the park, 5th ave, soho, greenwich, etc.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>doctoradler
<Content>Should have been better I don't believe that this hotel is up to the standards of other RItz-Carlton properties. Everything seemed very worn down for a 5 star property. The prices in the spa were outrageous. I got a manicure and paid $70 plus; it was good, not great. My room had a view of the Statue of LIberty but was nothing special; could have been a Hyatt or Hilton.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>BestYet
<Content>Big Disappointment!!! We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park for six nights during the week before Easter. We had a suite because we brought our nine year old granddaughter for her first trip to New York (she lives in Austin, Texas). We paid quite a bit for the room, not out of line for a five star hotel in New York, but we were very disappointed with the inconsistency of service, the maintenance and the other aspects of the stay. On the one hand, sometimes the staff were friendly and helpful but many times they were not and ignored us (at times we felt as if we were strangers wandering through the lobby). Some examples: when we checked in we were told our bags would be brought to our room immediately. After waiting an half hour, I went to the lobby and our bags were still there. We had a similar experience on check out. I asked that our bags be taken down to lobby at a specific time when our ride to the airport was to arrive. No one came to our room at the appointed time and again I had to call. During our stay we found that the door to our room would not lock unless it was pulled tight to the frame. Normally it would have shut and locked on its own. We didn't discover this until coming back to our room after being out and finding it unlocked. When I called for repair no one came for a long time and when someone did come they really didn't do any thing to remedy the situation, The restaurant food was good but the service was very slow. The maid service was okay but inconsistent with turndown being done some nights and not others. There were other incidents but I have gone on too long. My greatest problem with this hotel is that it didn't live up to the standards that I expect from hotels of the caliber that Ritz-Carlton purports to be. I have traveled extensively throughout the world in a 30+ year career in international law and on pleasure trips with my wife. We have stayed at many grand hotels in London, Paris, Hong Kong (a Ritz-Carlton, Jakarta, Bali and many other places. The service I received at those hotels was far and above the level of service we received at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park. As a matter of fact, just a month earlier we had stayed at the Fairmont Newport Beach and the experience was in sharp contrast starting with the valet taking our car as we arrived knowing my name having our bags brought to our room immediately. If we had stayed at a lesser hotel in New York I would not have found our experience disappointing since I would not have expected the level of service we should have received at the Ritz-Carlton. To compound the disappointment, after the stay we were called by the Ritz-Carlton chain to give a critique. Needless to say, I was quite negative and when I was asked if I would like to have someone from the hotel call, I said I did. A few days later I was called by a manager at the hotel named Prince Sanders. When I explained my problems he was highly apologetic and said he would follow up with the staff to make corrections. He also said he would send me a voucher for a night's stay at the hotel. That was a month and a half ago and I have received nothing.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>janisbanis
<Content>best part was the concierge next door this was not a 5 star hotel at all the best part of my stay and the only part that made me feel like it was a ritz was when i walked next door to the apartment owners side the girl behind the desk was very helpful offered me a refreshment and all around welcoming,she was knowledgeable and genuine .  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>fcrouch
<Content>great stay at the battery park ritz we stayed 3 nights at the battery park ritz - club floor - harbor view room (had booked a city view but was upgraded - the hotel was not terribly busy). We had requested a room near the club lounge and that was also accomodated. We love Ritz club floors and this was no different - as it is a smaller hotel than some RC the club level staff would bring drinks rather than you fixing one yourself (though wine was available on as self service basis some of the time). we arrived mid-day and our room was available (we'd asked for early check-in) and again, because the hotel wasn't too busy- requested and received a late check-out on Monday. The location is great for lower Manhattan and also steps away from the number 4 subway line (lex av. express) - which has stops at Grand Central station, 86th street (a 5 minute walk to the met museum of art) and 59th street - for Central Park and shopping along 5th avenue). We enjoyed the quiet of the battery park area in the evening - we spent the evenings in the club lounge - our daughter made friends with some other kids staying on the club floor - so we hung out with the other parents in the lounge. Rooms quite nice (I think a little smaller than some R/C) but new - so there is a separate bath and shower. Small but nice gym with a great view. We did some in-room dining - typical but good. Would absolutely stay here again when visiting New York.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HolidaysManchester
<Content>Fantastic Service, Awesome City! We stayed here over Easter weekend and we were blown away by the standard of service at The Ritz. This is our 3rd stay in New York and by far the best hotel we have stayed in. From the moment we arrived the staff could not have done more, they were friendly, helpful, charming and very knowledgeable about the City.We had a harbour view room which was just beautiful and ordered breakfast most mornings. The food was always great, we also had Dinner in the restaurant, where again we found the service and the food outstanding. The room we had was very quiet and we enjoyed having the option to relax in a hotel away from the crowds. If you would like a relaxing city break then this really is a great location, you will have to take the Subway or a cab to do Times Square, Central Park etc, although we did walk to Chinatown and some of the other villages and didn't find that too bad. This is a good location to be ahead of the crowd if you want to go to Liberty Island and the Staten Island Ferry is the best free ride you may ever have!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jc9276
<Content>A nice change of pace A group of friends and I who travel to New York annually to reunite, relax, and see a show or two decided to forego our usual digs in MIdtown/Time Square and camp out at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park. We booked club level rooms (only one of our rooms got upgraded to bay view after the first night) through American Express Platinum Travel. We were very pleased with the service, food presentations, and accomodations on that floor. Yes, there was the carpet stain here or there and no in-room coffee as discussed by previous reviewers, but all in all, compared to other crackerbox NYC rooms, this one was just fine. The view, once we were moved to a bayside view, was fantastic. The staff throughout the hotel were genuinely kind and greeted us at every chance possible. We also had two children (7 and 10) with us on this trip in one of the rooms, and at no time did the staff treat us differently. I had one issue with the front desk staff not handling our check-in correctly. I specifically called several days ahead and gave explicit instructions regarding not charging my friends who were to check in earlier than me (it was a birthday surprise). I was told that it would be taken care of and no problem in typical Ritz fashion. Although they completely flubbed this up, my stay from that point on was nice enough that I let it slide. The location is out of the way if you're new to the city and want to concentrate on the Midtown and Uptown touristy things. If you're not scared of trains and taxis to get up that way, I'd definitely recommend this Ritz Carlton. Oh, and ask for Raquel if you're on the club level. She was the epitomy of Ritz Carlton's commitment to service.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	2	5	4	

<Author>nice/taste
<Content>Not What We Expected My husband and I travel a fair amount and enjoy staying in a nice hotel. Our personal opinion was that the Ritz Battery Park was fair. The rooms were small but very clean. However, the shower was horrible -- like you were being hosed down from a fire hydrant. There wasn't any way of adjusting the pressure and no way of turning the shower nozzle. We were staying there with a group of friends and they experienced the same problem on the fourth floor. The food prices were off the charts ($40 for 2 bowls of oatmeal and coffee - $70 for 2 english muffins, coffee and juice. We live locally and are very aware of NY city prices and know there are much nicer sections and hotels for the price we were paying.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	3	4	3	

<Author>chonglh
<Content>Nice and quiet corner of the town We wanted to stay away from mid town but at the same time experience Manhattan. So, my husband and I booked Ritz in Battery PArk. My husband uses a wheelchair so it is important the the hotel room is reasonably spacious and accessible. For the price that we are paying, we are actually getting much more square foot. Many hotels did not understand that we need a roll-in shower, they will tell us that they have an accessible roll-in bath room but really all they have is a additional hand bar. And as I have expected from Ritz Carlton's standard, the Ritz hotel staff is well-trained and totally understood our needs and we did not have problems checking into the room we need for 2 nights.The lobby is very modern and understated, not your typical Ritz Carlton, it is more a business-trip hotel, or that's the feelings that I got. It didn't bother me since we are going out in town most of the time. We just want something that is comfortable and nice.The hotel is located at the southwestern tip of the city and offers a spectacular harbor views. There is absolutely nothing blocking your view and you can see the status of liberty right out your window. But you need to ask for a harbor view instead of city view, it will set you back $50 for that. Each room comes with a telescope but we couldn't get it to work. Parking is expensive, about $60 each day for Valet services. This hotel also has a very neighborhood feelings to it because it is surrounded by condos instead of hotels. You will see people walking the dogs, running, and the presence of police is everywhere. There are not many eateries near the hotel, you need to at least walk a few blocks and there is a grocery/convenient store that we loved. They serve really good hot breakfasts under $5 and $1 coffee that is awesome. They have snacks, deserts, pastries and hot sandwiches and sushi in a box. Awesome. There is also a new waterfront eatery which is beautiful at night and you can dine outside and watch the beautiful night scene.There is bus stop across the hotel so it is great. We took local bus to travel everywhere in town. In fact, that is the best way to explore Manhattan. Don't join the tour group which you pay like $70-80, because you can do the same thing by just spending a little more time reading the bus schedule and get to where you want as well. Since my husband uses a wheelchair, so public transportation is actually the best way to go, they are guaranteed accessible and it is so inexpensive.Overall, we feel that we are very happy with our rooms and the services are very good. It is quiet at night and away from the city buzz, if that's what you like, you will enjoy this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gomo42
<Content>Different View Of NY My family and I stayed at the Ritz for 2 nights on a weekend. The hotel is in a beautiful location, Battery Park. On the weekend it was nice and quiet and relaxing, we are used to staying uptown. The doormen were very helpful and checkin was easy. We had a weekend plan so we were able to get breakfast for free. The rooms are great,large and the beds were very comfortable. We requested a view of the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island, which was great! The room provided a telescope so we were able to see the Statue of Liberty up close. Every night they pulled down our beds for us, put on classic music and gave us chocolates. The bathroom too was spacious. It was very quiet at night we did not hear a thing. We rented an in room movie which was also a lot of fun. The hotel is great and I hope to go back one day.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MandyAtlanta_GA
<Content>It was fine! We just got back from a 3 night stay at the Ritz Battery Park. We have previously stayed at the Four Seasons and Ritz Central Park. The hotel was fine, the staff were very friendly and the room was large and clean, my big thing is bathrooms and this was better than most. We were travelling with our two kids 15 and 12 and one of the reasons we chose the RBP was because of the reviews on here and in the guide books exclaiming how great they were with kids. We received nothing, no teddy bears, no cookies and milk, I even specifically asked on the Saturday evening about amenities for kids and was told by the front desk that this was primarily a business hotel catering to Wall Street business travellers and they had nothing for kids. We had a harbor view room and the telescope was a nice touch. The complimentary coffee in the lounge in the morning was nice but in the afternoon, coming back from being out in town all day there was nothing, to order a cup of tea from room service would have been ~ $14. We were charged for a beer from the honor bar which we did not use and that was efficiently removed from our bill. It is very out of the way and despite the harbor view my children decided that next time they'd rather stay in mid-town since that was where we spent most of our time anyway. When I'm staying at a Ritz Carlton I want it to feel like that and this one just didn't do it for us. All in all I have to say we would not stay here again with or without our children.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sambfh
<Content>Service with a smile This was our second stay at the RC Battery Park and was every bit as good as the first time, 4 years ago.The service is, in my opinion, what makes RC hotels stand out above the other upscale chains, like Mandarin Oriental  Four Seasons.We were greeted by name by reception as soon as we walked in ( a clever discreet microphone from the bellhop to reception ensures that they know who you are when you reach the desk) and offered lunch on the house (which we refused) when we were informed that we might have to wait an hour for our room...even though we were hours early for check in)The service remained friendly throughout our stay; requests were answered promptly, room service arrived quickly, always with a smile.We had booked a suite overlooking the harbour; it wasn't the biggest suite I have ever stayed in, nor the best equipped but it was the most comfortable bed and the room has stupendous views.If you are happy to spend time in Tribeca/Little Italy/Chinatown/Soho rather than uptown, you get the best views here and , IMHO, the best service.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>susiebar
<Content>Perfect Stay My boyfriend and I stayed at the Ritz in Battery Park over a June weekend. We had an amazing stay, everything from the room to the food to the staff was wonderful. Location is excellent for dowtown sightseeing and shopping. We had drinks at Rise, and aside from the wind, it was delightful overlooking the Statue of Liberty. We did not eat at the hotel for dinner, but breakfast was great! Highly reccomended if you want to experience dowtown NYC in luxury, Ritz Carlton style.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>trishg1972
<Content>Couldn't fault it We stayed here for four nights recently on a winter break to New York. I was a little apprehensive as we were travelling as a family with two children (aged 8  7) and I was not sure whether New York was a good travel choice. The flight was long (8 hours) because of the head wind and a little delayed but as soon as we got to the hotel, our moods improved. We were checked in quickly, got to the room (Harbour view) and were greeted with teddy bears for the kids, and a huge stack of cookies and milk! The room was fabulous, large with great toiletries (BVLGARI) and the service was just what I had hoped it would be for the Ritz Carlton. The staff throughout the hotel were fabulous and made a real fuss of the kids.We had breakfast in the restaurant each morning which was good - yes, it is expensive but that is what you expect in this sort of hotel. Service was fab - the waitress remembered our order each morning and never charged us for any of the kids food.We ate dinner one evening in 2 West and again, this was really good.One day there was lots of snow and the kids had a snowball fight outside the hotel. They walked back in absolutely covered in snow (despite our best efforts to wipe them down before they came indoors) , and dripping it all over reception. The reception staff simply came over, started having a snow ball fight with them indoors and offered them hot apple juice - this just summed up to me what a fantastic hotel it was.Only slight downer is the location. The views of the Statue of Liberty were amazing but it did mean a taxi ride if you wanted to go midtown - the weather was freezing cold with snow so even a walk to the subway seemed just too far!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wickidkid
<Content>Great views       Harbor view  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>MonkeysGirl
<Content>Perfect Stay We stayed one night on a layover in NYC. It was perfect. We flew in from out of the country on an excessively long flight. I had previously contacted the hotel about a romantic bath from their menu. My husband did not want to do it because we had dinner arrangements, and we were worried that our arriving flight would make us miss the beautiful bath. However, upon arriving at JFK on time, he remarked that he'd wished we had booked it. While he got our bags, I called the hotel under the premise that I was calling the car service. I spoke with Jason and explained quickly the situation. I asked if there were any Harbor View rooms since my husband, though very well traveled, had somehow never ended up in NYC and seen the Statue of Liberty. He was very helpful said it was not a problem to upgrade us or let us check in early. He then transferred me to a woman (whose name I can't remember because I have a horrid name memory), who listened to me very quickly recount that I wanted to have the romantic bath set up for our arrival in an hour. She said it usually took 24 hours to set it up because it involves fresh flowers. I said I understood, and would it be possible to set up something similar and skip the flowers? Right about that time, my husband was wheeling our luggage over, so I had to cut the conversation with an excessively curt, My husand is coming,and this is a surprise for him. Anything you can do would be great. Ok, bye. When we checked in they were preparing the room for our early check-in and handed us a glass of champagne while we waited in the lobby. When we walked in the room, my husband was so excited. I had not told him that the hotel upgraded us to the Harbor View room. The room was gorgeous and spacious. The telescope looking over the Statue of Liberty was truly unique and a lovely experience. I checked in the bathroom while my husband was otherwise occupied with the telescope and to my amazement, the staff had managed to set up the entire romantic bath, flowers and all!!! There were gorgeous mounds of bubbles strewn with rose petals, candles lining the tub, champagne chilling with delicious chocolates, a heart made of rose petals on the bathmat, and little containers of other bath amenities to add later on. It was truly spectacular. I finally got my husband away from the telescope long enough to look at the impressive display. He was so happy. I really could not believe they had managed the last minute request. It was such a surprise. The next morning, it was difficult to get out of such a comfortable bed. So, we ordered room service. It was quite good, and what we have come to expect from any Ritz dining experience. The hotel staff truly did outdo themselves. Thank you Ritz on making our very brief stay so pleasant!!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorldTravelerNYC123j
<Content>Expected More from the Ritz Having stayed at some of the finest hotels around the world I thought that the Ritz Carlton in Battery Park would be right up their with the best of them. I was wrong. This is not a five star hotel. The lobby is tiny and basic. The rooms are outdated and need to be redone. The rugs were worn out and the old tube TV was fuzzy . I reserved a deluxe harbor view room for the 鈥渧iew鈥?of the statue of liberty and Elis Island but the windows were so dirty that I could barely see through them. As well, when I made my reservation I had requested a room far from the elevator. Where did they put me? In room 515, right next to the elevator. Trying to get a cab at this hotel is next to impossible. I had to wait in line for 20 minutes in the freezing cold to get a cab. The $36 鈥淎merican Breakfast鈥?was cold. And best of all the $60 valet service employ鈥檚 drivers that are 6' 5 and they moved my seat way back and somehow disengaged the memory. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. Next time I will stay at the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pr123
<Content>Typical Ritz Quality Stayed at the Ritz 1 night on a business trip. I have stayed at Ritz hotels often, and this one meets all expectations. Arrived late and was quickly checked in and helped to my room by great staff. The room was very spacious with a great view of the harbor. Throughout, service was excellent! For those familiar with Ritz, you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Christina10
<Content>Wonderful! You cannot go wrong with a stay at a Ritz-Carlton hotel, and this hotel does not disappoint. Before arriving at the hotel, I called the concierge for help in booking reservations at restaurants, and they helped me in every way. Very professional and friendly service. The hotel is beautiful, and the rooms are very spacious compared to other hotels. You cannot beat the view as the Statue of Liberty was right outside our window, and the hotel provides a telescope to aid in viewing.The location, although far from 5th and Madison Ave. shopping, is ideal if you want to stay in a very historic section of New York that is a bit more peaceful than mid-town (we stayed over a weekend). Walking in the area is a must, and staying in this part of the city provided us with the opportunity to see areas we would never have taken the time to see i.e. Wall St., SoHo, Battery Park, etc. Walking in this part of the city is a wonderful way to view the architecture and truly enjoy the history. It was a wonderful weekend, and we would love to return.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MrsFreshie
<Content>Everything First Class at the Ritz! We spent a lovely weekend at the Ritz at Battery Park, in part to celebrate my husband's birthday and also to attend a formal function. We booked a Harbor View room on the concierge level so that we could totally enjoy both the location and the hotel amenities. From the moment we arrived we were greeted by courteous and helpful staff that couldn鈥檛 do enough to please us. We weren鈥檛 totally satisfied with the first room we were given (too close to the elevator for my preference) and the staff went out of their way to accommodate us with a room more to our liking. Many thanks to Cullen for his persistence in finding a room that suited us! We found the concierge service absolutely lovely and well worth the extra money, the food presentations were tasty and plentiful, and the staff very happy to serve you in your room as well as in the lounge area. The bed in our room was wonderful, comfortable and plush and the telescope in the room provided us a great view of the harbor, Verrazano, Miss Liberty and the surrounding city. It was a beautiful backdrop for the sunset and the lights of the city. The bathroom was large and the shower was terrific. We didn鈥檛 eat at the onsite restaurant but had a drink in the Rise Bar which offers a great view of the city and seems to be a popular gathering spot for casual drinks and a nosh. Throw in tickets to Jersey Boys and dinner at the Gramercy Tavern and the weekend was a total hit. The only comments we would make is the lack of steam/sauna/swimming pool in a relatively new hotel, we were surprised not to have these amenities at a Ritz Carlton. We鈥檝e read other reviews that note that the d茅cor is a bit tired, I have to agree that the rooms could use a freshing up, but overall the hotel is typical of a Ritz Carlton experience, you leave feeling as though you were well cared for and your needs met with courtesy, a smile and the signature 'My Pleasure'!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cancercaregiver
<Content>Had a nice stay at the Ritz!! My husband and two children went into NYC for 4 nights in mid-December so my husband could go to a couple doctor's appointment and so we could enjoy the Christmas Decorations and see the city all lit up for the holidays.The hotel did not disappoint. We stayed in a 2 bedroom Suite with a great view of the Statue of Liberty. It was very large and certainly big enough for the four of us. It had a full bathroom as well as a half bathroom which was always a nice feature.Room service was very expensive ($32 for a cheeseburger) but I guess that is to be expected if you are staying at a Ritz in New York City. Rooms were always cleaned nicely and had comfortable beds. The lobby had a warm and cozy feel to it and the staff are ever so friendly. You probably hear 10 hello's before you hit the elevator to go to your room. The concierge was great - I believe Scott was the name of the gentleman who arranged for us to have a limo service and then a car service to go to the Christmas Show and to Gordon Ramsey's restaurant.Overall, the Ritz at Battery Park is a good choice. It is a little far from the main areas, like Central Park, and 57th street, but if you take a taxi or the subway, you can still get there. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>klrapp
<Content>couldn't be better We had stayed at this hotel before and chose it as the place to spend my 40th birthday. We have 3 small children and wanted to make the most of a 1 night getaway. Since this was a last minute booking, we were unable to get a standard harbor view room and were required to upgrade to club level. That was the best thing to ever happen! The food presentations and staff on the club level added immensely to the enjoyment of our stay!!! Furthermore, Carlos in consierge was totally helpful and sweet just as we had remembered him! I can't say enough about this lovely hotel and its staff. We will be back, soon I hope!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BluvE
<Content>Could do better Very close to the Staten Island ferry, and easy to get around via the subway. The room was fine, comfortable and clean. It seemed odd that they couldn't include tea/coffee-making facilities in the room. Apparently you could get free tea/coffee in the lounge downstairs but we didn't manage to. I came back to my room one day to find that the door hadn't been closed properly, which alarmed me. Security came up eventually, and said that housekeeping had probably not pulled it shut after cleaning. The guard said that they would check the records of who had entered the room and they later called with the details. Their records were wrong (ie that housekeeping had entered the room in the morning while I was still there, and that I left after that, which certainly wasn't the case), I told them the times I had actually left and entered, and that was the last I heard from anyone about the matter!Look, nothing was taken and it was probably an innocent mistake but the guard was a bit too nonchalant about it for my liking. And it would have been good for them to follow-up on the issue.Overall, an OK stay (loved the Bulgari toiletries), but not overly impressed.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>karenStockport
<Content>Once again "Simply the best" Quite honestly, I don't really know where to start with Battery Park it is truly an amazing experience. This was our second stay here and we were in NYC to celebrate our 20th Anniversary. So, we decided to stay here for 5 nights and have 2 nights at the new Ritz in Westchester(which was also outstanding). But BP Ritz feels like second home to us and also to our 2 children who are very well looked after here. From the housekeeping to concierge staff, we really don't have any complaints , everyone in this establishment puts 100 per cent into fulfilling all their guests requests. Raquel and the concierge team on club level are genuinely lovely and on Christmas Day my husband and I enjoyed a meal in the hotel restaurant, whilst the children were well looked after in the Club Lounge by staff they knew so well.We would never consider staying anywhwere else in NYC as we feel nothing else compares, and we are already looking forward to our next trip!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmt2008
<Content>Big rooms, fabulous views We stayed at the Ritz Carlton on the night of our wedding. It was wonderful. The rooms are spacious by New York standards. As a New York native, I've been to many other hotel rooms that cost more and are tiny and cramped. I love any opportunity to stay downtown, away from the hordes of tourists you'd certainly find in mid-town. The view of from our room was wonderful. The windows opened so we could let air in (I hate rooms with inoperable windows), but when closed, kept all the street noise below out. The bed was fabulous - excellent linens and SO comfortable. We both slept like babies!We booked the honeymoon special. The room was beautifully arranged. The bathroom and tub are spacious and water was nice and hot. Staff was very nice, but not too in-your-face/annoying as they can be in some upscale joints. We had room service in the morning. It was fast and friendly. And quite tasty. Cabs were plentiful outside of the hotel. Checking out was super fast and we were able to head out fast and easily.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>conferenceprofessional
<Content>A truly wonderful hotel       Large double double room  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jewelscout
<Content>Would stay here again My husband and I traveled here with our ten year old son.Yes, you sacrifice costly taxi fares because of its remote location from the usual tourist sites, but, in return, you get great views!Loved the hotel for its: views of the Statue of Liberty and Battery Park, concierge, room size, atmosphere, service and barsThe concierge recommended restaurants that perfectly fit our desires; we wanted food of various cuisines, and the restaurant needed to be child-friendly. No, they weren't cheap, but we felt no buyer's remorse, for the the food was always delicious, and our child was always welcomed warmly.The bar at the top of the hotel served the best snacks and margaritas! So that they can enjoy the great view, children may enter at 4:00 pm.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lilianitax
<Content>Love It all It was a surprise weekend for me and what a surprise... the hotel is spotless, wonderful staff, great view of the statue of liberty. Friendly staff at the spa, GREAT food at the restaurant. Really recommend it, is in a quiet area very close to wall street and easy access to anywhere in Manhattan.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Upt0wnGirl
<Content>Surprised this is a RC We were graciously welcomed and received an immediate room upgrade. Sadly, the fabulous Hudson River view was marred by filthy windows.While the staff was friendly, their youthful inexperience made this a 3-star experience, not 4. One fellow on the front desk should have been told by his manager to wear clean clothes. His jacket was visibly stained.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	2	2	3	3	3	

<Author>neldr23
<Content>Not worthy of consideration The hotel has totally lost what it means to be a 4 or 5 star hotel. The restaurant food was consistently over cooked and dried out at almost every meal and the service was sloppy, even with what seemed to be more than sufficient staff. The rooms were hot and stuffy (humid) and the club floor food during my week long stay was the same every day, no variety. It will be my last stay at this hotel. I think the real problem is the downtown location has no real competition. I tried to voice my concerns with the hotel management but only got excuses, no one really tried to make things better.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>lilfella
<Content>classy retreat we stayed with our toddler in a harbor view room at the ritz carlton last weekend and felt very well looked after. the welcome - a speedy check-in and chilled champagne for us and an adorable teddy bear for our son - set the tone. we had a standard room which was spacious, well-appointed and in a good state of upkeep - no cracks, chips or 80s furniture hangovers. the bathroom was spacious and so nice to see bulgari white tea toiletries - appropriate brand for an urban luxury hotel. housekeeping were fantastic - a crib was in the room when we arrived made up as requested, and when our son was sick late at night, they silently appeared without fuss, cleared up kiddy vomit from the carpet and crib, moved in a fresh crib and sheets, and left him in peace. we booked a really terrific babysitter upon a recommendation from the hotel - the service was not cheap at $27 per hour plus additions, but for peace of mind, well worth it. my only quibbles, and these were very irritating, were a) that the concierge CONSTANTLY put us on hold whenever we called for help - this is so rude - and b) the bellman who took our luggage down to the lobby hung around for a tip and told us that he probably would not be around when we returned to collect the luggage mid afternoon - yet when we returned at our appointed time, to our surprise there he was. it's disappointing to see service transgressions at such a terrific hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>happyislanderPhila
<Content>aahh..quiet I loved being in Battery Park, no outside noise to keep me awake. The location in not close to the most sought after NYC landmarks, but we were there for a party, not sighseeing.The hotel staff was very friendly, on arrival we were greeted by so many people, I think I said hello 5x on my way to reception.Our room was not ready by the guaranteed 3pm check in time, so they offered us the bar menu in the lobby lounge restaurant. We weren't exactly hungry, but took them up on their offer..I asked for an upgrade instead, but they said not available.The gym was very nice, and very packed at 9am Sunday morning. The hotel itself was very busy.My only complaint was I asked for xtra towels and pillows during my online reservation, but they were not there when I checked in. I stayed at the DC location the weekend before and the same thing happened! I was with my family so we needed these items.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jjstives
<Content>Sleeping on the floor in a $1000 suite       The NY Harbor view  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AmoItalia
<Content>Great Service... We were quite impressed with the level of service we received during our 2 night stay this summer. Though there was really nothing special about the room itself (fact is, it was a bit tired), we were on the club level, and enjoyed it's use and food presentations throughout the day. The club concierges were very nice and couldn't do enough for us. The front desk, housekeeping and bell staff were also wonderful. I would stay here again without hesitation, but probably try to reserve a higher category rooom/suite next time.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Starfish4
<Content>Ritz was a Perfect Getaway The Ritz-Carlton Battery Park was a wonderful indulgent overnight get away to celebrate our 20th Wedding Anniversary. We had a Harbour view room on the 12th floor. Upon check in, we were greeted by name  wished a very Happy 20th Anniversary. It is that attention to detail that really set the tone for our enjoyable stay. Chilled Champagne and a personalized Anniversary card from the Ritz awaited us in our room. The bed was already turned down with a robe  chocolates waiting when we finally arrived about 5 PM. The room had a telescope already set to a perfect side view of the Statue of Liberty. The view of the harbour was glorious with Ellis Island, all the sailboats  ferries to watch. At night, it was equally as beautiful with the bridge lit up. You almost forget that you're in NYC with this great water view! The bathroom was gorgeous with a glass marble shower  seperate soaking tub. There was a blow dryer, scale, lighted make-up mirror  even an umbrella if needed. The Ritz thinks of everything. The bed was extremely comfortable  provided us a great night sleep after an extraordinary dinner at Chantarelle. We definitely plan on returning.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mooseconn
<Content>Great Spot to Relax This was our first stay at the Ritz Carlton. Everything and everyone was great. The service was top notch, the restaurant food was not typical hotel food, it was gourmet. Book a harbor view room and relax.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dlist25
<Content>Great Service Excellent Hotel My review of the Hotel itself is excellent. Great Food, Great Rooms, Comfortable Beds, Great Service. If you are planning on doing Business in Lower Manhattan than the location is excellent as well. If you are coming for a Vacation I think you would prefer something in midtown or uptown. I think the best area to stay is around the park check out the Ritz Carlton Central Park. But this hotel is nice if you are going to be around lower manhattan.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hornseapotter
<Content>It doesn't get much better than this. Stayed club class on 11th floor in Harbour View room.We were just off the QM2 which was a hard act to follow but our stay was perfect.The staff were all excellent, but Star ( what a fantastic name)and Yolande in the Club Lounge were outstanding.We have stayed at the Savoy in London,Raffles in Singapore and Langhams in Hong Kong and The Ritz Carlton,Battery Park compares favourably with all of these,  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sssIllinois
<Content>Perfect hotel... This hotel is in a great location to many sites in the area and the facility and service are top notch! We had a harbor-club level suite on the 12th floor and the view was beautiful both day and night.You can easily walk to ground zero, Wall St. and right next door is the clipper boat to ellis island and Stautue of Liberty. Also water taxi is easily accessable too and a great way to see Manhattan. Club level was well worth the extra money as we were there to grab a quick bite quite often. Drinks in the evening there were great too and the service is A+. Would go back in a minute....hated to leave.........Just wish I had time to call the bath butler to try out one of their luxurious bath selections. Oh well, next time!!!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cyclical
<Content>Super stay, best beds Came to NYC for pleasure/business.Great hotel! Location is great, away from all the hustle but a little walk from the subway line.The bed was the most comfortable hotel bed ever. We cam back to home and wanted to buy the mattress and the feather bed that was on top of the mattress.Would love to stay again but the prices have doubled since we stayed there.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caymanbound
<Content>An undiscovered gem My wife and I stayed for one night to celebrate a birthday. We were upgraded upon check-in to a suite. The area around the hotel is a great place to walk and enjoy the view of lower Manhattan. The staff was freindly and willing to help with any questions. Many people want to be in Midtown and during the colder weather that maybe the place but in the Summer this less well known part on the city should not be missed.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>just up and go
<Content>Great hotel, great service Stayed here for the second time this past weekend and it was even better than the first. Stayed in a harbor view room. We were celebrating my niece's 16th birthday. The woman who greeted us, Mitch, was amazing. When she found out that it was her birthday, she arranged for a lovely dessert sampler for our room when we returned from dinner, and left lovely, personal notes for both of my nieces. The room was wonderful -- some of the largest in NYC and as usual the beds are more comfortable than ever. We did treat ourselves to the breakfast buffet which, while not inexpensive ($35) was excellent with a great variety. Freshest and tastiest berries I've had in a while!The location is a bit out of the way, but other than more expensive cab rides this is more of an advantage than a disadvantage. It is such a relief in the middle of the tourist season to have such an oasis.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>ernielim0216
<Content>Love the Ritz       shower  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dannymcl
<Content>At these prices - charging for Internet access is a sheer rip-off! A very nice modern hotel located at the southern tip of Manhattan by Battery Park. Comfortable rooms, top quality (Bulgari) toiletries, lots of staff on duty to hold open doors and generally fuss. In fact with their earpieces and cuff microphones, it did feel like the US Secret Service had taken over the hotel - arguably a bit pretentious. Does it really need two young people to hold open the doors and say hello and goodbye. One feels the room prices just reflect the top-heavy level of staffing. Ironically, when it came to getting my bags out of the baggage room on departure, the whole process came apart at the seams and it took close to 7 minutes to retrieve my luggage! That was funny.My room was towards the back so looked over a flat room and in the distance a building site and Apartments in a modern high rise block where no one seems to have curtains. Interesting goldfish-bowl views of modern New Yorkers' breakfast rituals with aproned nannies tending to toddlers. Do they not realise the hotel guests look into their apartments?My biggest beef about this place was the charge for Internet access. At over $430 per night, you would think they would throw in Internet access for free. If a Knights in in Horseheads, NY can do so for $35 per night, then why can't the Ritz Carlton - that is a sheer rip-off.I was attending a business function there and asked the Concierge to get some flowers for one of the participants. We wanted loud / brash / big / showy - what we got was (a) small and pretentious first time around and (b) slightly bigger and pretentious second time around. To add insult to injury, they never even provided me with a bill from the florist which is really inconvenient for when the time comes to claim expenses.I had dinner there one evening. Although I asked for a well done steak, it came out pretty red in the centre. It's not a hard thing to get correct and that was a let down - I had higher expectations. The restaurant on the ground floor has a dark moody evening restaurant ambience, unfortunately for a hotel which I guess caters for mainly business people, the dark tables remain darkened at breakfast too. An apologetic waiter recognised the problem and I heard him say this to other guests on both days. This is not a place to have breakfast if you want to do some reading in comfortable light. A serious design error.Overall, great rooms, great location, looks good, but let down by the details.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	1	5	5	5	3	3	1	

<Author>tatworthington
<Content>Not up to typical Ritz standards This is a nice hotel, but certainly not as good as a Ritz should be. For the price there are better choices.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Nash_Andrew
<Content>Excellent Experience. Stayed one night (5/26) at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park in NYC. We booked the room over the phone on Saturday afternoon and checked in 20 minutes later. Rate was $299.00. Upon arrival we were greeted by three employees in the lobby who poured champagne for us while we checked in. We were upgraded to the Club Floor upon check in. Room was immaculate, save for slightly worn carpet in the entry hall. Overall room was very large, with a huge marble bathroom, separate tub and stand up shower, plush bed linens, etc. View was of the city though we couldn't see too much due to a low floor. Hotel is only about 15 floors high, everything higher is the residences.Service on the club floor was perfect. I asked for more champagne when I walked in and another bottle was out within two minutes. Hors de ouvres were excellent and the wines available were varied and paired well with the food offerings. Service was not at all stuffy but incredibly accomodating. Other than the carpet in the room I previously mentioned, the only other issues were these: a very mediocre, 10-inch pizza from room service was $37.00 -- too much even for the Ritz in NYC. Also, we asked for our room to be tidied up while we went out for the evening... to get rid of the glasses and plates from the club room... and this was not done. Overall we were very pleased other than these minor issues and will return to the Ritz when the occasion arises.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gktmd2
<Content>Very Nice I really liked this hotel. It is in Battery Park which to me was a plus. We were early for our room so they allowed us to have lunch on the club level before we actually checked in. It was a very nice touch.THe club level food was very good and the service excellent. The room was always quiet with very few guests around. Yolanda was particularly excellent.The rooms, bed, and bathroom were 5 star, as expected. THe main activities of Manhattan are a short subway trip away. Cabs are expensive so we learned to negotiate the subway and it was fun to act like a New Yorker for a while.THe workout room is just OK. THe equipment is nice and it has a GREAT view but it is all crammed in there a bit.; and, no sauna or jacuzzi, which is an oversight.The only down side...the my pleasures got a bit annoying after a while but I suspect they are instructed to say it. I would definitely return.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Insight725
<Content>Loved the Hotel, only complaint is food The Ritz lived up to most of my expectations of a 5-star hotel. Staff were excellent, including check-in, bellman, and concierge, but especially the club level staff. If you can get an Expedia deal, its definitely worth it to stay on the club level. Rooms met expectations, large, well-appointed, bathrooms large, separate shower - no complaints about the room or bathroom, both excellent. Lounge is overpriced and food is not very good and you get only small portions. For the prices they charge, if you're going to serve below average or just average good, the least you can do is provide large portions. Great location if you need to be in the financial district, just a short walk to Battery Park and the Staten Island Ferry. Great food for a lot less at Gigino's, Italian restaurant just across from the Ritz or try Battery Gardens. I would definitely stay here again but only through the Expedia rate, its not worth more than $600 a night for a regular room.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>namret
<Content>Overall Good experience Positive: Friendly employees, Comfortable rooms, Excellent restaurant, Beautiful view from Rise Bar, enjoyed location which was quiet on weekends, across from Battery ParkNegative: Rise had terrible food...NY platter consisting of a mini burger, a mini hot dog, something that looked liked a mini pizza and a small pastrami sandwich with cheese and some chips. Please, how can you serve this mess? Tasteless, cold, forgetaboutit. Not in NYC. Drinks were a little excessively expensive too.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>santokkie
<Content>way below ritz standards THE GOOD--paying extra for club level access/food presentations is worth it. the five food presentations, all day drinks, cookies and candies were great. their breakfast presentation is especially delicious--loved the oatmeal.--club level employees (i.e. concierge and servers) were extremely helpful and efficient.--the bathrooms are updated, marble and nice.--comfortable bedsTHE BAD:--the rooms are a bit dated and reminiscent of a stay at a typical days inn in anywhere, america. --an overall contemporary design in the open spaces, but with no grandeur typical of a ritz. --we had major problems checking in. we had booked a club level room and had the words club room on our receipt. however, the ditsy female receptionist kept saying that there was no club room category and had no idea what club room could have meant. we were irritated b/c, well, obviously, what else could club mean other than the club access that we had reserved? this resulted in phone calls back and forth from american express, the kind person who had gifted us a stay here, and me nearly exploding at the blubbering receptionist. --eventually, we were placed in a club access room, but our harbor view was compromised due to lack of rooms and we ended up with a city-view room. at that point, since it was either club access OR view, we decided to go with the former. FINAL COMMENTS:There is nothing about this hotel that would set it apart from any other random, unremarkable hotel--which is surprising, considering it's a ritz. all was not lost, however, b/c my husband and I were still able to have a memorable time... not so much b/c of the ritz, but b/c of the company we had in each other :).  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>DCNYattorney
<Content>Not my first choice I stay here regularly for business travel (at least every other month) and the only reason I do so is its close proximity to clients. I love the views from the rooms and the Rise Bar but the service has definitely eroded over the last year. Some examples from my last (two day) stay: (1) two days of cold showers and when I complained I received a simple really? with no follow up (2) the shoe shine service failed to actually shine my shoes (they just stayed hung on my door overnight even though I called ahead) and (3) the breakfast I ordered came 45 minutes earlier than I requested. This just isn't acceptable for this level of hotel.I'd suggest staying at the St. Regis midtown unless you absolutely must stay near the financial district.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>apollo77
<Content>Super Hotel Experience We stayed only 1 night at the end of our 10-day trip to get away from the people. Ritz Carlton did not disappoint.We contacted the hotel directly for a reservation; talked to a courteous agent and got a great rate. We had 2 teenage children with us and all four of us stayed in the same room. The hotel gave us a spacious corner room. It was very quiet except when the heater came on.Room furnishing was in the calibre of a 5 star hotel, and very similar to a Ritz Carlton we stayed in near Las Vegas. Needless to say, everything was clean. Beds were comfortable; a bit on the soft side for me.Every staff member we met was courteous and helpful. We requested and received late checkout. They stored our luggage until after we had our dinner in the restaurant. The food in the restaurant was very good.The hotel is a bit far from the center of action, but easy to get to even by subway. We waited 15 minutes to get a taxi because not many came by; perhaps it was just that particular night.The line-up to Ellis Island and Statue of Liberty starts forming by 8:00am. It is a 3 minute walk from the hotel, so you can get a great head-start.Overall: a great hotel experience and a bargain by New York standard.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Surferdl
<Content>Different Experience We stayed at this property in December 2006 to visit some relatives and take the kids to see the city for the holiday season. We stayed 4 nights.My experience was really different that I expected for a 5 star hotel. I have stayed at other Ritz and Four Season hotels and usally find them really great.The doorman were good, and helpful for getting us a taxi.The spa is small but the massage I got was good and the staff were very nice. Work out room is excellent.1. First we came via limo from LGA which is about a 30 min drive depending on traffic, The hotel limo service was there upon arrival and were great to bring two childrens seats for the limo which was very important to me since I have a 4-year old and a 7 month year old. 2. Doorman, bellservice was quick and had all of our luggage loaded up in a very effecient manner.3. At check in, we were greeted nicely and a small chest filed toy bin, for the little ones. Check-in process was fast and we were up to our room rather quickly. The room had the baby crib that we requested, with two small stuffed bears for the girls. My rate was around $750.00 per night, for a premium room with a view of the statue of lIberty.4. This is where the fun starts, first the room was clearly a room for the handicapped. I am not handicapped, nor is any one in my family, and I believe these rooms should be used for people that really need it. There was no bath tub, which is essential for the babies. The hotel was well aware of that we were coming with our two kids, I was shocked, but I called down to see if we can move to another room, and they told us the premium rooms were totally booked. I asked to be upgraded, and they said for $250.00 more per night we can get a suite. I said fine, and we were quickly moved to a suite with a view of two tall buildings on the other side without the views of the statue of liberty. I wasnt even going to move again.5. The suite was quite large for NYC and i thought is was well apointed. Nice living room, nice master bedroom, wondeful bathroom and closets. I would expect flat screen tvs, but they do not have them, its amazing to me when I travel to Asia, the rooms are so much more advanced. The bathtub was great, especially for my wife and daughters after a long day in the CIty. There is no wireless internet, but DSL for a charge. The location is out of the way for Mid-Town and taxi rides are necessary, but THE LOCATION IS GREAT FOR THE BUSINESS TRAVELER FOR THE FINANCIAL DISTRICT.6. The bar in the lobby is nice with views of the bay and the food was good (appetizers), and the lounge on I think on the 11th, was great for a drink with wonderful views.Concierge I felt was a little off, since I asked them no less that 3 times to get a movie list(DVDS)for the little ones and it never came, but they did recommend quite a few restaraunts to eat at, but never offered to make reservations for us.7. Well upon our day of departure it was 30 degress and windy, our flight was at 5:00pm and I requested to see if we can have a late check out. We were denied. I was stunned since i was paying around 1100 per night (4 Nights) and we had two small children. If it was my wife and I only, it would not have been a big deal, as we would have just cruised around the City for a few hours. The bellman checked our luggage into the storage and we basically had to entertain our kids and keep them warm for 4 hours until we went to the Airport. I decided to fill out the comment card in the room (first time ever for me and Im 33), and let the management know what was going on with us. Im really not that picky, but I felt that this should be known.I was contacted around 6 weeks later by the manager of the hotel, he was very apologetic, and actually offered us a free night next time we come ( I did not ask, nor did I expect it). He also asked why didnt I ask for him upon check-out to get the late check-out. I said why should I have to at a 5-Star hotel. He was very nice, and I really did appreciate the call, when he asked if we would come back, I said probably not and we will stay at the 4 Seasons next time. He was very nice and really did end up sending us a free night via letter.Overall it is a nice hotel great location to the financial district a bit away from Mid-town, just some things happened to us. BTW, it was the same girl when I checked in and put us in the handicapped room, as well as denied our request for late check-out. She was very polite, but Ill let you decide what to think after reading this review.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	3	3	

<Author>blue_eyed_1
<Content>This hotel is Why you'll Loee New York       welcome to the club level  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>acesarewild
<Content>Disappointing I was pleased to have been able to book a room at this Ritz for less than $300. a night. However, the service was disappointing. Having stayed at other Ritz Carlton properties, I found that this hotel could not compare. Upon check-in, we were not offered the option of having our bags brought to our room. I asked if they had the newspaper that I prefer, and they did not. To their credit, they found one (slightly wrinkled from having been read before) and promised to have one delivered to my room the next morning. This did not happen though. Since our visit was in warmer weather, we did enjoy the location and spend a good deal of time walking Battery Park. We were also able to explore Wall Street, Chinatown, Little Italy, and Greenwich Village without using a taxi. This could not have been accomplished in the cooler weather, though. On the last day of our stay, we checked out and asked that our car be brought to the front. The front desk told us it would be about 20 minutes. Unfortunately, it took nearly an hour for our car to appear. Although this inconveniences were minor, they did leave us with the feeling that we would stay elsewhere next time.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ocGlobetraveler
<Content>Impressive by New York Hotel Standards The Ritz-Carlton Battery Park New York offers a contemporary hotel experience, with comforts not so frequently found in most other New York City hotels.Over the years, I have had the opportunity to experience several Manhattan hotels, yet I continue to return to the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park for several reasons. I find that most NYC hotels, even those in the four and five star categories, often lack space. For $300-400 per night, my preference is to at least have a room that is comfortable and spacious. The Ritz-Carlton Battery Park offers spacious accommodations (comparable to those found at other RC properties) but at respectable prices by NYC standards. Although some may argue that the location is somewhat distant I would much prefer comfort and service with a decent price. Other properties with comparable amenities and room sizes (ie . Four Seasons New York, Mandarin-Oriental, Ritz-Carlton Central Park) often charge in excess of $700 per night for comparable accommodations.Battery Park is located at the lowest point in Manhattan, just adjacent to Wall Street and the Statue of Liberty. Although distant from Mid-Town, it's convenient to SoHo, Meatpacking District, Financial District, Chinatown, Chelsea etc. If you're visiting NYC as a tourist, I don't find this property all that inconvenient, as the aforementioned neighborhoods are all at your disposal. Yes, Time Square and Central Park are a cab ride away, but who wants to spend most of their time there anyway?Rooms are consistent with most other Ritz-Carlton properties, particularly those of the more contemporary minded. Bathrooms are some of the most spacious in all of Manhattan, featuring separate glass enclosed showers and individual soaking tubs. The beds are also extremely comfortable, with feathertop beds and high end linens.If you're able to book a room on the club level, I would highly recommend this decision. For an additional $100-150 per night, the Club Level offers you and your guest鈥檚 five daily food presentations from breakfast to evening dessert. Alcoholic beverages are also included (they offer top shelf liquor)For those traveling to NYC on the weekend, this hotel probably offers the best value in the city. Weekend rates begin at $295/night.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aurora100
<Content>Good stay but Overpriced for what you get I attended a small conference that my company has at this hotel in February. There were aspects of the hotel that I liked a lot, but other that I though were disappointing, especially at such a high end hotel.The hotel had great food- some of the best food that I鈥檝e had at a hotel. If you like Mojitos, try them, even if, as to be expected , they are very pricey. The breakfast items at the Nine West restaurant were great, if pretty pricey. Though delicious hash browns and bacon are a bargain at $8, their delicious orange juice was $6 a glass!Service, as to be expected, was very good at the Ritz CarltonThe hotel was very cheerful and the rooms were quite large, especially for New York City.. I prefer a sleek model design, when it comes to d茅cor, and the furnishings at this Ritz Carlton, reminded me of staying with a wealthy older relative with slightly old fashioned tastes.The gym was adequate (it had nice views on the 14th floor). But is did not compare to the gyms I鈥檝e used at the Four Seasons and Park Hyatt hotels. Even some Westins and Hyatts I鈥檝e stayed in have had better hotels. There is also no pool, which is surprising at a high-end hotel such as this.The location of the hotel, way downtown as far as you can go can be seen as a plus or a minus. It is somewhat isolated and is probably quite inconvenient if you want to spend most of you time in midtown. However, we were holding a conference and the isolation worked to our advantage since there were fewer outside distractions. On the plus side, there is also a subway stop, two streets away, and the hotel is next to a beautiful waterfront promenade that is great for strolling and running.One of the things that bothered me most about the hotel is that I was put in a handicapped room (the bathroom did not have a seeperate shower stall like most of the rooms in the hotel). I wish they had told me that and given me the opportunity to wait for another room.I might stay here again for a business event, but overall I don鈥檛 think it is great value for the money.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JQuatt21
<Content>Nice Stay - Got a great deal - WAAAAY Downtown though       Lady Liberty from our room.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	4	4	

<Author>The_Changing_Man
<Content>Can't say I'm impressed :( My girlfriend and I went to NYC for a Christmas break and decided to stay at the Ritz hoping it was similar or better to other hotels we had stayed in.The location isn't a problem, yes its out of the way but its a simple 15 minute train ride to 5th avenue or similar! ( Just watch out for the dodgy return weekend service which had us in Brooklyn twice!! Lol )I think the main problem is for a Ritz it was seriously below par...Staff were attentive enough first thing in the morning but quickly lost interest as the day went on and the majority of the concierge team could care less about bags and doors as they were too busy talking to the cabbies who were loitering outside...I ordered champagne as a surprise for my gf at a certain time ( i had taken her to NYC to propose ) and it arrived hours late....probably because the foreign staff member could barely speak English but thats another story...Overall its very mediocre for a 5 star hotel....3 star is generous tbh, it comes nowhere near to the average 5 star...maybe the club level is different but theres hardly any point in taking that option unless you're thinking of living there for the next week to get the most out of the all inclusive price!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>jmpjoy
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway My husband and I stayed here for a one night getaway as we got a great rate of US$295. Moreover, using our Platinum card getting the FHR amenities we received complimentary breakfast, complimentary lunch, an upgrade to a harbour room and a 4pm check out. The rooms - standard Ritz Carlton rooms - Bvulgari bath products. Although I was quite disappointing after returning to our room and we had no evening turndown service. In addition, on our reservation I noted that we would be celebrating my husband鈥檚 thirtieth bday, and there was no acknowledgement. The front desk and valet service - extremely nice and went out of there way to greet us. But, there was nobody in the lobby area opening doors. It was an extremely cold and windy night - surprised that such a service was not offered.In addition, we grabbed a drink at the bar on the 14th floor. The view is incredible and a must in the summer months 鈥?balcony. The service - was okay - messed up my wine order - order Chablis - upon taste I was almost positive it was not. I note that most people would not know, but with my husband in the business - I was quite positive and inquired. They acknowledged their mistake and stated that they swapped my Chablis with my neighbor's Sauvignon Blanc. Although they provided me with the correct wine, they never went over to the woman at the adjacent table to acknowledge their mistake. I believe that is in poor taste. The brunch - was magnificent. The eggs benedict and onion potatoes were incredible. In addition, great seafood - colossal shrimp and crabs. Since we had such a limited stay the restaurant combined our coupons towards their Sunday brunch 鈥?no charge!Please note the location at night (no traffic) is a 15 minute cab ride - ~$15 to Union Square (14th Street). I would not stay here if I were a tourist looking to explore Manhattan as it鈥檚 too far from the main attractions.Overall, we got a great deal and the negatives can easily be overlooked.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>drgoofy
<Content>Great Property, Great Stay I just returned from a stay at this property and I had a great time. This was my second stay at Battery Park. I booked directly through the RC website and snagged a great deal. The service was impeccable, and the staff was friendly and welcoming. The room was quite large (I had a king bed with a city view) and very clean. The bathroom was large with great ammenities that were replaced daily. I ordered room service for breakfast and it was on time to the second. I found the food excellent (though pricey). I also had dinner at 2 West and that too was excellent as was the service.The big drawback, as others on this site have mentioned, is the distance from midtown/uptown activities such as the theatres or major museums. It's a pricey cabride, and this depends on the driver (some know shortcuts so pay attention). However, if you're willing to brave the subway, it's a walk across the street, and you're only two stops outside of SoHo and three to four stops outside of Greenich Village (cab rides to SoHo from the hotel are about $7). Still, I like this property best. The view sof the Hudson and Statue of Liberty are breathtaking, and there are lovely littled tucked away restaurants and grocery stores within a couple blocks walking distance. I had dinner at a restaurant called The Cove and not only was it reasonably priced it was absolutely outstanding. If you're a person that has to be in the thick of it, 24 hours a day, this isn't for you. However, if you're the person who wants to do business/play all day and then come to a chic, comfortable, calm room at night, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andrews-sisters
<Content>Should have been so much better There were 3 adults but when we arrived they gave us a double room and told us that was all they had, even though they knew that 3 of us were coming. They arranged for a roll away bed to be put in the room while we went out to eat. When we came back we had to rearrange the furniture to get around in the room. The roll away bed had a sheet and a folded blanket on it. When I asked for a duvet I was told that they didn't have a spare one! We had to tell them about stains on the toilet wall twice before it was cleaned. We complained about the room at reception to a lady who spoke to us in English. A gentleman from reception was speaking to another guest in English. They then both started to discuss the problem we had infront of us - but not in English! I thought that was very rude. The lady then looked to see if she could move us to a sister hotel. She was not able to so then offered us a refund. I declined this because if she was unable to get us a room how were we supposed to?We thought we were going to get 5 star luxury but we didn't. We were treated like second class citizens.We have stayed in New York many,many times over the years and this was the most expensive hotel stay and the worst.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Handsup
<Content>A great experience My wife and I stayed here for a one-night getaway booked through Amex Platinum Travel, which entitled us to a complementary lunch and continental breakfast for 2. We were also upgraded upon arrival from a city view to harbor view room. This is a very clean, straightforward Ritz Carlton. The decor is modern and while the rooms are not lavish (no double sinks and no sitting area) they are very comfortable and the view of the harbor is stunning (probably unmatched by any other NYC hotel). The service throughout our stay was excellent and the staff seem to be very well trained and pleasant. During the stay, my wife also had a massage at the spa and she said it was among the best she has ever had. I used the gym, which was not huge but had a decent array of treadmills/ellipticals and freemotion free weights. I highly recommend the Rise Bar for a quick pre-dinner cocktail. It would be even better in the summer as there is a terrace outside which is set up with additional tables when weather permits.Overall this is not the most lavish Ritz we have ever stayed in, but it was more than adequate, offered excellent service and made for a great break from the stresses of Manhattan. Being in Battery Park City is actually very convenient for going out downtown, and a stroll along the waterfront will leave you with the impression that you're in a different city altogether. We look forward to our next visit!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingTexasFamily
<Content>Service Below Expectations/Great Property/Tough Location We stayed at the Ritz in early Dec 2006. Two connecting rooms for us and the kids. Objective was a pre-Christmas weekend in NYC. The hotel and rooms were all great - as you would expect for a ton of dough. Service was surprisingly not so good - generally - restaurant, concierge and bellmen. Really not acceptable to wait a long time for service at breakfast - especially when the wait staff is standing around talking to each other. Breakfast is about $30 per person for pancakes - so good service is built into the prices and should be delivered.We solved the breakfast problem by walking 1/2 block to a great little grocery store. There is also a wine store nearby.Experienced NYC travelers know that this location is WAY downtown. Perfect for the Statue of Libery tour, but far enough from Midtown that about 1/2 the taxis that stopped for us would not take us all the way to Battery Park.If I had business in the Financial District - I would might stay there again, but too far South as a base for a general tour of NYC. And I have had better service at a lot of other NYC hotels.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Tachiebluebird
<Content>Can't Wait to Go Back We had a fabulous one-night stay at the Ritz-Carlton. From the moment we checked in, everything was great. We found the staff to be exceptionally friendly and helpful - in fact, some of the best customer service we have experienced, particularly the in-room dining staff. Contrary to another reviewer's report, on our arrival, the door man actually came bounding across the lobby to open the glass door for us. The rooms were nicely appointed and comfortable with a window that opened. The bathroom was fantastic. The room was so quiet, we did not hear anything from any other rooms or the hallway. Our entire corridor was full and there was a wedding and professional basketball team there, but not a sound. We only had in-room dining, but the weekend brunch was like nothing I'd ever seen before - fabulous presentation - it looked fantastic ($65). The hotel is a bit far from the action, but it was great to be on the water. A paved path along the water enables walking, biking,  rollerblading and a number of intimate public gardens and spaces have been installed along the path. It was very refreshing to have access to this, especially in NYC.  I am definitely a Ritz convert after this experience.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlag
<Content>Loved it!          View from floor 5  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>gnomajor
<Content>Shame about build quality The hotel has a great site, wonderful views and good facilities but suffers from a problem of many modern hotels. It has been constructed as cheaply as possible and the partition walls are very flimsy so if you don't mind the the conversations and TV sounds of your neighbours intruding into your space then this is the place for you. Just hope you are not adjacent to a young couple having a good time. At these New York prices someone should have commissioned a building that met reasonable standards of noise insulation.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LEPC
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Ritz         
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tymelyron
<Content>go for the view Stayed here for a nearby family function over Saturday night a few weeks ago. We had two rooms, one a harbor view overlooking the Statue of Liberty, the other a city view, which was limited by the other high rise apartments nearby. The harbor view was definitely worth the extra price, which was on par with other hotels of the same caliber, such as the Peninsula and Four Seasons. The rooms were large and refined, not over the top but had a quiet elegance; the beds were most comfortable and the bathroom full of marble. Be sure to check back on the hotel website as the reservation nears, as the price booked a couple of months back actually dropped as our date neared, and the hotel changed the rate. Overnight parking is steep ($60) and the Sunday buffet brunch at the hotel restaurant likewise ($45) though top notch; the hotel is close to the ferry and downtown attractions, but a haul from midtown. Service was helpful, and all in all the stay was most enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MaryStarbucks
<Content>Lovely and Quiet Battery Park Ritz Just checked out of the hotel today - overall I found the hotel to be lovely - the room was very large, great amenities (Bulgari bath products), nice turn-down service at night, comfortable bed, very friendly and helpful staff (see exception below). I'd never stayed in the Battery Park/Financial District area before and was pleasantly surprised by the lack of street noise at night (as compared to hotel stays midtown and in meatpacking district). Paid a similar rate to what I paid at the Hotel Gansevoort recently and got a much larger room with better extras.The only reason I am not giving an Excellent rating was the poor service I received from the doormen (3) upon leaving the hotel. When I walked out with my bags there was one helping another departing party into their car and two others standing around talking with a driver. I made eye contact with one of those two and asked if I could get a cab. He ignored me completely but said something to the doorman who had been helping the other guest who then whistled for a cab. As the cab started to pull up, they continued to ignore me and didn't wave the driver up to where I was (which they could have), so I walked back to the cab and when I couldn't get the door by myself because of my bags, one of the doormen finally walked over and opened the door for me. If they had been very busy, I would have understood, but I was the only one waiting for help at the time and there were three of them. Very dissappointed in this from a common courtesey standpoint, let alone for the rate I paid to stay at the Ritz. It was not a nice way to end my stay, which was otherwise lovely.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>coppellite
<Content>Quiet and Elegant Our family stayed over Labor Day weekend at the Ritz. We caught a play, did some sightseeing and attended the US Open.Staff was very friendly and furnishings nice indeed. We had a city view (looking north) which was just fine. I'm sure the harbor views are even better.We liked the solitude of the location and lack of traffic noise at night(plus the reasonable room rate). Make sure you take in a walk around Battery Park and then head up the nice walkway on the Hudson side to One World Financial. Great landscaping, yachts in port, etc. Then you can enter One World Financial and view Ground Zero from their lobby area. (This is a 4-5 block walk)You can also walk over to the Seaport (which is about 10 blocks from the Ritz). We did this and had some pizza at Pizzeria Uno.Unfortunately the subway stops near Battery Park don't operate on weekends, so you must cab it to go uptown. Other downside is the lack of restaurants within walking distance (although there are a few in the shopping/retail area of One World Financial). Cab rides to midtown are around $15.Did not eat at the hotel except for drinks/appetizers at the lounge bar called Rise on the 14th floor. Very nice with great views on Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, etc. We even saw the Queen Mary 2 docked off Governors Island.There is a great place one block over called the Amish Market. If you want snacks, drinks, deli items, breakfast just head over there. We ate breakfast there every day for $15 what would have cost $75 with room service.Would definitely stay there again. Also would highly recommend an Italian eatery called Maria Pias in midtown on West 51st. This is just one block west from the Wicked theater. Dined with them twice. Great food and reasonable prices.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gonj
<Content>A Great Stay My wife and I had a very nice stay at the Ritz. We are from NJ and this was just a little getaway for the weekend. We have done this type of trip a number of times before and have typically booked through American Express.We were given an upgrade to a harbor view room at check in. A nice surprise! The room was large and clean. By large, I mean that it was a very nice size for a room in NYC. I've certainly stayed in larger and much much smaller. I can understand the previously mentioned comparisons to a Marriott, but in NYC this was a very nice-sized room. The telescope was a nice added treat and it worked very well. The bathroom was also very large and immaculate. While we didn't get a chance to utilize the bath butler, it looked pretty cool. One other thing: we loved our mattress and the concierge desk was very helpful in showing us how we could purchase the same. Two very restful nights!My wife and I also enjoyed a massage in the spa, which was very clean, professional and relaxing. The restaurant was very nice and the sunday brunch was pretty spectacular: shrimp, cracked crab, salmon, omelettes, waffles, steak, chicken, and a dessert table to die for.Two things stand out in my mind about the RC-BP. One is the service. I have never been in a hotel where everyone, from the maid to the bellman to the front desk staff, were so hospitable and would go out of their way to acommodate us.Secondly, the location worked out very well for us. We live 5 miles outside of NY and were very happy to be removed from midtown. We spent all our time in Battery Park (the Museum of Jewish Heritage is a great stop) and also walked to Brooklyn (over the Brooklyn Bridge) and to Tribeca and Soho.A beautiful hotel with all the amenities you would expect from 5 stars.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gregdu
<Content>Its okay, not up to Ritz Standards Stayed here just 1 night in August 2006. For me, the location is not so great, Battery Park is okay, but its quite far from the things we wanted to do in NYC and necessitated $15 cab rides each way to everything we wanted to do; couldn't take the subway reliably cuz of construction happening all over the place. The hotel is new and big, but the lobby is quite small and noisy and active. Lots of groups staying there, and the volume of noise was more than I've come to expect from a luxury hotel. Staff are friendly and check-in was quick, but there was a refinement that was missing there... I did not like the lobby or lobby bar area at all. The room was average size, and reminded me more of a marriot, albeit a nice marriot. The only things in the room that reminded me that I was in a luxury hotel were the size of the bathroom and the Bulgari bath products (nice touch). I've been lucky to stay at some nice properties, so maybe I'm just spoiled? But this hotel left me wanting for more... The best part was the rate that we got, quite below other luxury properties, even mid-range properties, in NYC. The Four Seasons, in comparison, is larger and quieter and has a sophistication about it that can't be beat...the extra cost is worth it. If you want to stay in Battery Park, this is a fine choice, but if you're going to be spending lots of time in midtown or uptown, I'd stay somewhere else. The travel back and forth isn't worth it.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ms_travelwhiz
<Content>Refined perfection at the Ritz! We spent a recent weekend at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park and were enchanted by the serene, understated elegance of the lobby decor and our spacious, soothingly decorated room. The furniture and condition of the room were simply perfect. The bathroom was large enough to be a mini-spa and was stocked with deluxe Bulgari amenities. The bathrobes are the most luxurious I have ever seen -- super-plush terry with satin piping on the collar and sleeves. As constant travellers, we have seen the good, bad and ugly and this Ritz property sets new and higher standards for hotel excellence.Perhaps the most outstanding feature was the gracious service, which starts from the moment you alight at the entrance and continues until you -- sadly -- must depart. We enjoyed breakfast in our room and the room service fare was delicious and -- notably -- promptly served.Do try one of the baths on the bath menu. Once selected, the bath butler will transform your bathroom into a candle-lit, aromatherapy event, and serve you a glass of champagne before leaving you to indulge in the perfect bath.We paid only $275/night for this little slice of heaven and will gladly return when we are next in New York.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cgbroderick
<Content>Exceptional service and staff       Ritz from Circle Line ferry  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>josiegrammer
<Content>amazing stay Stayed here for one night for my husband's birthday. We were upgraded to a fabulous suite - probably the nicest hotel room I have ever stayed in. Huge windows that overlooked the harbor and Statue of Liberty. Our room (#317) was spotless, tastefully decorated, and like I said had many huge windows that showcased this spectacular view. We received not one but two bottles of complimentary champagne (one was from our sweet housekeeper Digna). I found the staff to be so nice and attentive, and they all seemed very genuine about it. The fitness center was a good size, open 24 hrs. Drinks at the bar Rise were great and the view from the 14th floor of the sunset was very special.We had no problem getting a cab in the evening and the next morning there were plenty of cabs lined up just wating for guests. We walked a pleasant 25 minutes or so home from dinner in Tribeca on Friday night, so that is not a bad option either.Overall I think this hotel is great and for $370 a good deal for NYC. I loved the area - it is totally different than midtown and that is what we were looking for.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>spg43
<Content>Wonderful Service Just returned from a weekend stay at the Ritz-Carlton Battery-Park. The hotel has a good location, the rooms are very nice, and the harbor view is spectacular. However, the aspect of this hotel that is obvious early and often is SERVICE. I have stayed in many good hotels around the world, but I must say that each and every employee we met here is extra friendly and helpful, making it obvious that it is a prime management goal. We stayed on the Club level (which is well worth the extra charge), and the concierges there (Cullen and Angelica) absolutely bent over backwards to help us (e.g. excellent restaurant reservations, times  directions for attractions, a casual mention of our wedding anniversary resulted in many favors, etc.). We'll definitely be back....  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tommypain
<Content>4 not 5 Stars I had never stayed at a Ritz-Carlton hotel before and suppose my expectations were a bit high. Don鈥檛 get me wrong, it was a very nice stay and the hotel was beautiful, but I guess I was just expecting a bit more. I was there on business 鈥?the classroom (set up in a ballroom) was pretty standard, the food was spectacular, the lobby was extravagant, the front desk staff was courteous, the room was not unlike a Hilton or Marriott. But it was the little things that took away from the experience: we waited one evening over 30 minutes for them to find us a cab, the rooftop bar was loud, expensive and normal, the view from our room was of a back alley, the toilet (a vacuum-powered flush) was extremely noisy.As I was there on business and had my room paid for, I didn鈥檛 feel as gypped as if I were paying the usual $600 a night. It was nice, but not spectacular 鈥?which I was expecting.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Doppelganger69
<Content>Perfect room  I spent a delightful three nights here with my two-year-old son, and had a wonderful time. We had a Harbor View room, and although I couldn't make heads or tails of the telescope, it really wasn't necessary. We delighted in our wonderful views of the Statue of Liberty, Ellis Island, the water taxies and ferries, and so on. Our bathroom was the biggest, best-appointed, and most beautiful I've ever had in New York. The room itself was quite big, and even huge by New York standards. The decor was lovely and in perfect condition, and the featherbed was dreamy. My father and his wife stayed across the hall in a city view room. Their room was identical to ours, except for the view, and was $85 less per night. (I felt the extra cost for the view was worth every penny.)We did not stay on the Club level, and I don't know what value it could add to such an already magnificent hotel, unless one needs to eat five times per day.The room was clean, though not spotless: we found an old bottle cap and a luggage key hiding underneath furniture. The housekeeper the first night ordered up a special teddy bear for my son, and my free overnight shoeshine was well done.We ate breakfast in the hotel each morning. The buffet on weekdays offered a delicious selection at a not-too-outrageous price (I think about $25), especially as they didn't charge me for my son. The Sunday buffet was over the top both in presentation and price (at $50). Every day offered a delicious variety of food of impeccable quality.The Ritz is obviously expensive, but we found a much lower rate ($420) on the hotel's web site than its 800-number quoted us ($595). Manhattan rates in general are quite high right now, and I think our rate represented a very good value for what we enjoyed.One minor item is that the front doors to the hotel are quite heavy and not automated. There is a doorman, but he often was otherwise occupied with getting taxis and so on, and opening the doors while wheeling a stroller was a bit of a challenge.My only significant complaint about the Ritz is that the staff tipped the balance between helpful and obsequious, to the point of making me uncomfortable. All my expressions of thanks were met with the responses of My pleasure, or My absolute pleasure. It got so that I tried not to meet the waiter's eye when he refilled my water glass at breakfast, but I even got the my pleasure when I simply smiled and nodded my gratitude. I enjoy fine hotels and excellent service, but not the servility I encountered here.All in all, we had a wonderful stay here, and would return again with absolute pleasure.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A dream       View from the window  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vienna-resident
<Content>Great Service, good rooms, good location       our room on the club level  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service I was guaranteed one price for a room and they ended up booking me for an entire other room type and when trying to get it switched to the correct room, would not honor their price I was quoted only 4 hours before. I cancelled my reservation for the rest of the week and stayed only the one night (too late to cancel that night) Not a 5 star hotel. Much better places in a city like New York w/ a lot better locations.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>terriandzach
<Content>Spectacular View, Great Location ... It's all in the details! Just returned from a lovely weekend at the Ritz Carlton Battery Park ... had previously booked this trip for February and had to cancel at the last minute due to a sudden hospitalization in the family. They could not have been nicer about the cancellation, so we rebooked our whole trip. The beautiful hotel was made all the better by the fantastic spring weather we experienced. Front desk staff arranged for an early check-in with no problem, Concierge gave us an excellent recommendation for lunch. Valet staff was prompt and courteous, views were unparalleled. We enjoyed the promenade along the river, coffee in the lobby in the morning, everything was perfect!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skiingmeems
<Content>You can not go wrong with the Ritz! This is our second stay at the Ritz Carlton, Battery Park and we are sure there will be a third, fourth, fifth...etc! We have stayed at other Ritz Carlton's and always stay on the club level. The value you receive for the extra charge per person is extraordinary. Small meal and beverage services greet you for each portion of the day and the staff is second to none. When you enter the Ritz Carlton Club Floor, you essentially become part of a world you never want to leave!Husband, wife, 2 daughters (15  12) spent a short weekend enjoying a spring weekend walking in lower Manhattan and taking in a Broadway matinee.The accomodations wonderful and the view of NY Harbor a treasure!A true New York experience!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nycfans
<Content>Fabulous stay I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton with my 2 teenage children, we were on club level and could not fault anything about the hotel. It was our first time in NYC and everything was great - all that we expected and more, the staff were really helpful, and the hotel was lovely. We can't wait to go back again.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>md_travelerMd
<Content>Disappointed with the Ritz-Carlton I've stayed at very nice hotels before, but this was my first time staying at a Ritz-Carlton. Overall, I'd have to say I was somewhat disappointed with the experience as it fell beneath my expectations. First, the positive - the bathroom was VERY nicely appointed and spacious with a bath, shower stall, toilet alcove and large vanity area. Outside of that, the room itself was really nothing more than a standard Marriott room. The service was spotty - when we first arrived (at 3pm) the remnants of another guests' room service was outside of our room (and wasn't taken away for approximately 2 hours). The cleaning lady came into our room prior to checkout to start cleaning. Calls to the concierge, front desk, etc... resulted in unacceptably long wait times. The bathtub stopper wasn't working (although a maintenance worker was quick to come up and fix it). The furnishings were a bit worn (stains on the carpet and gouges in some of the wood furniture). When the valet brought our car around at checkout, he did not even offer to help load bags into the car.At a hotel that does not carry the Ritz-Carlton brand (or pricing) I would have written all this off as minor nuisances; at the Ritz, I expected better.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>VijayUK
<Content>Overall a good package, but a little sloppy with the detail. Travelled on business. Pre-booked a non-smoking room. Put me in a non-smoking room on a smoking floor. Could smell the tobacco instantly. Were very apologetic and moved me to a proper non-smoking room.Room I got was large enough to spread out. Excellent bathroom with tub and separate shower cubicle.Ample work space. Internet access at a cost. Large TV if you want to watch the rubbish American programs.Only ordered breakfast from room service once. Don't bother. Tea and toast was served cold and time requested was ignored, I was called earlier than time slot requested.Had dinner in main restaurant once. Excellent - steaks are a speciality. Pricey as it caters for a business clientele with a lot of business discussions going on.Gym, good range of cardio and strength equipment and operates 24x7.Bar has a nice view of Hudson river and Statue of liberty. OK - nothing amazing.Got overcharged on the laundry.Dinner was charged twice on two differnt checks.I consider that to be very sloppy for a 5 star establishment, although corrected immediately at front desk. I wonder how many people would even notice until too late.Location is boring but if you need to be close to the financial district this is probably the best pick of the nearby hotels.I'm giving it 3/5 blobs based on price to service ratio and I was critical on the issues with the non-smoking room and overcharges.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>brig70
<Content>Great Service and consistent with other properties I live in NY but will stay at NYC hotels when celebrating certain occasions with my wife. We celebrated Valentine's Day and spent a night at this hotel. I selected one of the packages they were offering for that weekend. I almost selected the helicopter ride package but felt the couples massage would be a better value. I'm glad I did.Overall appearance: The property is very clean and there were a lot of business people around. It's a few blocks away from Wall Street, so it seemed that this is one of the places to meet for a off site meeting or an after-work place to meet for drinks. The hotel is a bit difficult to find unless you (or your cab driver) is familar with Battery Park.Room: Very surprised with the size. I was quite happy with it. It wasn't as small as I anticipated and had a very nice sized bathroom. The shower had a good flow for being on a higher floor and very powerful. (I know a few people that would find that point helpful..) Rooms were clean and a comfortable bed. I had a harborview room and it also came with a telescope to check out the Statue of Liberty. You can save up to $100 bucks to get a city view room which I would have done had it not been part of the package. Besides, do you spend most of your stay looking out your window?Massage:The massages that were part of the package were EXTREMELY relaxing. The two women who gave us massages were very professional and knew what they were doing. My wife and I agreed that it was well worth it. The spa is located on the harbor side, so unless a firetruck comes blaring down the West Side Highway, you really can't hear the city noise that much. Plus, they had music playing at a comfortable level. In a few short minutes, you end up relaxing and ready for the massage.Before we went out to dinner, we grabbed a few drinks at the top floor bar. Great views and the clientel were young professionals. You'll pay premium prices since it's the Ritz, but the bartender made great martini's and gimlets. We returned that evening for our Valentine's Day Chocolate Bar dessert. The staff was nice enough to accomodate us an hour earlier than our original reservation time. The Chocolate Bar was in a private room with about 10 other couples. Think Salad Bar but with desserts. Not monstrous slices of cake or mousse, but small dishes that really wet your appetite. There were a ton of selections to choose from and capped off the evening wonderfully. Overall, I was very pleased with this hotel. Consistent with other Ritz Carlton's and would recommend it to others. If you are on a business trip to Lower Manhattan (and your per diem allows it) I would select this hotel. Normal rooms go for $300 and up. So, if you are a stickler like I am when it comes to rooms, you can't go wrong here.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>adamunc
<Content>Terrific Hotel, Inconvenient Location Stayed at the R-C Battery Park for a couple of days as a tourist due to fantastic AAA rates [$265/night]. The hotel itself is a dream--very modern style, unlike the Mediterranean or English Country style of most of this chain. The lobby is minimalist but unquestionably high quality. Staff was, as always, smooth and polished. It always seemed like they were waiting for us to arrive with a request. The rooms are, of course, quite nice. We were given a corner unit [without requesting], so we had two windows and lots of light, with expansive views. Had a peek into some non-corner rooms and there is considerably more space in the sitting area of a corner room, plus an entry hallway, so ask for one if you'd like the extra square footage. Decor is very Laura Ashley, with pastel soft greens and yellows. Some slight faded stains on the carpet. Bathroom was marble and large, with the signaure Ritz bath menu and great water pressure. Beds are dangerously comfortable and quite plush, as you would expect. The 14th-floor lounge, Rise, was smaller than I expected on the interior but still quite nice with reasonably-priced drinks and small meals. The outdoor terrace was not open due to chilly temperatures, but it was certainly a memorable hotel lounge.Now... the location. If you had business in Lower Manhattan or wanted to limit your tourism to Wall St., Statue of Liberty, Staten Island Ferry, Ground Zero, Chinatown... it would be fine. There is construction going on all around the hotel, with roads diverted every which way. Truly confusing, and it takes a bit of doing to get to a subway stop. It's not a terribly long walk, but it is circuitous. Getting back and forth to Midtown/Theatre District, etc. can be a nightmare--especially, as when I was there, if they shut down the subway in the evenings due to the construction. Plan on $15-$25 cab ride to Midtown, and a bit of a wait with the valets to hail a cab, as they don't come by the hotel as frequently as they do at Midtown hotels.Staten Island Ferry is terrific and free; views of the Statue from the hotel are great; food is somewhat limited in the hotel's immediate vicinity.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PTM1962
<Content>Fantastic weekend at the Ritz! Wow! Just returned from a fantastic weekend at the Ritz Battery park. We have stayed at many Ritz Carlton hotels and this one rates right up at the top. The service is second to none. They knew my last name before I had the opportunity to even say it to them. Not sure how they did that, but it impressed me and my wife. I was given a upgrade to a Harbor view room at check-in, what a view! The Statue of liberty in full view. The room was very spacious and modern. We had dinner at 2 West, the signature restaurant at the Ritz. The meal was very good, but the chairs were uncomfortable to sit in. The room service breakfast was great, set up at window overlooking the water and statue. I highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for true luxury in lower manhattan. There is construction going on around the hotel, but trust me you won't even know or care about it once inside the hotel. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cestmoi123
<Content>Lovely hotel, away from it all but in the city My (now) fiancee and I are New Yorkers, and spent the night after getting engaged at the Ritz Battery Park. It was truly a lovely experience. The hotel's very nice (classy public areas, beautiful huge bathroom, very comfy beds), the views are great (had a harbor view directly out to the Statue of Liberty, and the staff were extremely friendly. The Guest Recognition staff were great in helping me get the room set exactly as I wanted it for our arrival, and went above and beyond what I had requested (bottle of champagne, rose petals scattered, all without my having to ask). The hotel is kind of isolated at the very Southern tip of Manhattan - if you're looking to be in Manhattan but away from the hustle and bustle, that's great. If you're visiting the City, and want to be _in_ the hustle and bustle, it wouldn't be so great. That being said, it was perfect for us.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beyound expectations We stayed during the transit strike, not only did the hotel send daily updates but hotel actually looked out for the taxi scams that were going on during that historic period. Had harbour view room, not only was the view of lady liberty great, but you could also watch the 1'000's of people crossing the Brooklyn Bridge. Service, accomadations, and especially the club level staff, above and beyond. Compare with Time Square locations and their is no comparison. Will stay this coming Christmas holidays.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>leeford
<Content>Blizzard 2006 New York at the Ritz               More photos  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rutgerjen
<Content>Hidden gem in quiet downtown manhattan I stayed at the RC Battery Park over Valentine's Day in February 2005. The service was excellent--as expected at a Ritz. The rooms were also wonderful with luxurious linens (Frette I believe) and a telescope overlooking the harbor. The view was all water with an amazing view of the Statue of Liberty. Make sure to book a harbor view when you make a reservation. I did not eat dinner in the hotel but it looked nice. Overall--I recommend it also because it is in a very quiet area of Manhattan and it made us feel as though we were in a different city (we live on the Upper east side)  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nebraskabunny
<Content>Incredible hotel experience in NYC We had to attend a family wedding in New York City, so we had our three children with us. Frankly, very few hotels in NYC would allow more than four guests in a suite. Comes the Ritz Carlton Battery Park.The service and amenities were nothing short of excellent. We were there for 4 nights and each shift greeted us by name, and remembered the names of our children. One evening, the doorman helped us carry our sleeping children from the taxi to our suite!!!We have family in the city, so have stayed many times in NYC. Never stayed at the tip of the island. After this hotel, we will never stay in mid-town. The view of the harbour was beautiful. The children were thrilled, and so therefore were we.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AnnieKingston_NY
<Content>Downtown Ritz--My Home-from-Home Let's get the negatie out of the way at once: yes, it is surrounded by building sites, and also by the greatest water view on Manhattan Island. Yes, if you hate building sites it is not the place to be. And yes, if you want to stroll the boulevards and window-shop, you'll have to walk a few blocks through buiding sites first.Now to the good: If you want to stay in a 5-star hotel in Manhattn and you want to spend less than $600 pr night, this is the place to go. In fact, if you want to spend less than $300 pr night...which makes it lower-priced than many 3- and 4-star hotels in Manhattan--then this is the place to go. For first-time travelers to NYC or people with large families, this will be inconvenient; you'll want to spend more for a comfortable hotel nearer the heart of town. But for true New Yorkers, this is one of the last of the great bargains. Everything you'd expect from a 5-star hotel, including excellent food and a big 400 sq ft room, not to mention immense bathroom. Beds to beat the most Heavenly in town. Caring, personal service (I visit here with my 16-yr-old who is developmentally disabled, and they are always very friendly and caring and responsive). It's all there and it's all wonderful.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shipwreckedcanuk
<Content>True hotel luxury We enjoy coming to NYC for 2-3 day getaways on weekends. Despite what many people feel, we almost always stay in the Financial area during these trips (We loved the now closed Regent Wall Street). On the weekends they have great rates and the hotels are much less crowded. We only take one cab out and one cab back a day- $40. If you compare that to the price difference between staying downtown on a weekend or central park, its cheap! We stayed in a Club floor, water facing room for $445/night. The Club floor has the usual lounge with free food and drinks a few times a day. What was different was the quality of the food and drink. It didn't feel like 'free' stuff- everything they served for free would have fit in perfectly had it been served in the downstairs restaurant. Two special notes, the cheese board they served had cheese from Artisanal (a fantastic NYC cheese shop/bistro) and they served champagne, not sparkling wine- both suprise treats for club lounge freebees.The room itself was large and had a fantastic view of Battery Park and the Statue of Liberty. The telescope looked good in the room, but was a piece of junk- a nice pair of binoculars would have been a better idea. The bed was great and they got our bedding request just right (you can order different kinds of pillows and mattress tops). The bathroom was spacious and well stocked. It was just what you'd expect from an upmarket chain hotel- not personal, but in excellent taste. The staff was perfect. They did the standard remember your name thing and what you drink, but they did it without it seeming strained. When they called us by name it was always correct and if they were unsure, they just used 'sir' or 'ma'am'. They were just professionals doing an excellent job.My only concern is with the car serive. We arranged through the hotel to be picked up and dropped of at JFK. For $150+tip (each way!) you'd expect something more than a generic black sedan car service. I mentioned this to the concierge and was told that it was a competitive rate.... Ah well, they were on time, polite, and the cars were clean.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jackosan
<Content>Quiet Downtown Luxury This luxury hotel lies at the far southern tip of Manhattan and is mainly for business travelers. The building is new, the rooms are elegantly appointed and decently-sized and the public areas are very attractive. In the right room, the views of New York Harbor are stunning.This is the third or fourth time that I have stayed here and I have never had a bad experience. The work-out facilities are quite nice and the restaurant is up-scale hotel fare. It is far and away the nicest hotel available in lower Manhattan. Battery Park City itself is a quite oasis of largely residential tranquility. Strolling along the water, you might forget you are in Manhattan. While the staff can seem a bit obsequious (a Ritz hallmark), they are quite competent and helpful, and generally better than the union-job-for-life attitude of most mid-town hotel employees.Now, to address a few gripes from previous Tripadvisor reviews: First, if you want to be in mid-town, by all means stay in mid-town instead of grousing about how far away this hotel is (not that it's all that difficult to walk a couple of blocks and catch an express train uptown for two measely bucks.) Second, if you want a cheap breakfast (or any other meal), you're not going to find it in an upscale Manhattan hotel.Bottom line, if I need to be downtown, the Ritz is the place for me.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gastronauta
<Content>a reminder of war-torn beirut First things first: nobody actually chooses to stay here if they know NYC. We stayed because everywhere else was full. The location is ghastly, surrounded by building sites (noisy and dirty) and at least a 15 minute cab ride from anything interesting (apart from Ground Zero, I suppose). Also, most taxis will not take you from the rank as they want airport fares only.Rooms are very ordinary (definitely NOT 5*) and small-ish whilst breakfast is very expensive. Certainly I would never have dinner here.The staff all seem to resent they are not working at the midtown brother, and it shows. Very unfriendly, even by NYC standards.For desperados only.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>yawn
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. rooms were well equipped and spacious for New York. stayed on the 11th floor on the club level so had the benefits of a morning buffet breakfast and early evening presentations which included both complementary wine and champagne or soft drinks if your tee total!. staff were both helpful and courteous at all times top marks to max who served at the club level and also the concierge who arranged a limo back to the airport for us. the views from the rise bar out on the balcony was great at night{if a little chilly at this time of year} although drinks were a little pricey at over $8 for a bottle of beer once tax is added.The only disappointment was the food at the ground floor Restaurant. The steak was very chewy and the chicken was very average. At over $150 for 3 meals with drinks it was poor value for money so I would suggest you eat elsewhere. On the whole I would recommend this hotel and would be happy to stay here again.Taxis are a must in the winter months though!so remember to factor this cost in. about 拢10. plus tip to maceys!.Dermot.Jane Laurie and Steve.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time in New York Have just returned (bleary-eyed)from a four night stay in NYC. We stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park and it was gorgous, a really stunning place to stay - our lovely room had wonderful views of the Statue of Liberty and some of the most lovely sunsets i've seen. Now for the down side; our concierge mis-informed us on the location of a local bar, not something i'd expect of a concierge in this hotel - with no sincere apology. Secondly we ordered breakfast to our room and it was the colder side of warm - not good, especially considering it was $85! And finally some might find the location too far from some main uptown attraictions. But those facts aside we had a great time in a truly fantastic hotel and enjoyed it thoroughly. Our room was spacious and spotless and we loved it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>linda528
<Content>Delectable Recently stayed at the Ritz for two nights on a business trip. From the moment you check in to the moment you leave, you can feel the power of the aura created by staying here. The service is excellent, the staff obliging, and the furnishings and appointments are comfortable and elegant. You are well cared for here, and if you have the money, it's a worthwhile experience.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CTKnowItAll
<Content>Spectacular! A wonderful facility. A tasteful design that is more modern than your typical Ritz. This first class facility is located at the southern tip of the City - which is a nice retreat away from the typical hustle. The service is top-notch (try Club Level), and the staff could not be more professional! Make sure to request a room that views Miss Liberty.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fool And His Money ... By all means, stay here if you like:- Being awoken at dawn to the sound of backhoes, drills and jackhammers from the construction outside your window- The inability to fall asleep from the constant hum of the idling buses across the street- Condescending and snotty service- Mediocre room service menu priced at astronomical rates- Being far away (e.g., a $15 cab ride) from the panache and action of Manhattan- The privilege of paying $400 a night for all of the above If not, stay at the Sofitel New York. Cheers.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Centcom007
<Content>Outstanding This was my second stay at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park and I was once again impressed by the high level of service. A group of us were in town for the Breeders Cup at Belmont Park. The concierge printed out maps and directions from the Hotel to the Track. The valets even asked if we had a profitable day betting on the horses. The Executive Suite was flawless as well as very large. The beds are perfect. The Food is outsatnding with very high marks to the Rise Bar. The Hotel is sophisticated without being overly trendy. Having also stayed at the Four Seasons in New York as well as other fine properties I can say with confidence this is New York's finest Hotel  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>qaz123
<Content>Great Hotel; Out-of-the-Way Location This is an excellent hotel, with attentive service, in an out-of-the-way location. Upside: The rooms are large and nicely appointed. The bathrooms are huge and luxurious. And the common areas are new, clean, and lavish. The fitness center is fantastic--a well-equipped room on the 14th floor overlooking the harbor. Even the food is pretty good, if a bit expensive.Downsides: The location, location, location. Though it is near a number of subway lines, there is much construction in the area, making it difficult to reach these lines. More importantly, should you not want to take the subway, cabs to any part of the city are very expensive and construction sometimes snarls traffic. Fares range from $20 or so to midtown to $10 to Tribeca. Expect to spend some real money on taxis if that is the way you prefer to get around. Or just get on an expense account.Bottom Line: If you can stomach the cab fares and don't mind having to travel rather considerable distances anytime you want to eat outside the hotel, then you can't go wrong with this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>docgresh
<Content>my only bad experience in new york was this restaurant We went to the Ritz for breakfast as it was near our hotel. Our choices were the $45 buffet or something off the light menu...my husband wanted the buffet and I wanted the light menu. There was lots of discussion because if you were not having the buffet, you had to sit in a little cove with like a snack table, not in the dining room. Four levels of corporate governance later, they finally decreed that we could indeed sit in the dining room which was very cold. I had a salad and a truly terrible glass of iced tea. When I decided to swap the iced tea for hot tea, I was of course charged for both..added up to 12 for tea. Honestly I did not feel like hassling with them but just paid it and decided that I will never go there again...whatever happened to the level of service you could expect for a 60 breakfast? Our only bad experience in all of new york for the whole weekend!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NEXTELGUY
<Content>loved the Ritz Stayed here for one night with the wife,both of us loved it, a bit out of the way, but it was nice and quiet at night, ,the 14th floor rise bar is nice, excellent view of the statue of liberty, drinks are pricey, but expected at a Ritz Carlton, would go back in a second  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bluevt
<Content>Bliss My husband and I stayed here during our wedding weekend. We stayed in one of the normal rooms the 1st night and then moved into an executive suite with excellent views the next night and other niceties. Room service--even at 2 am was great--if a bit slow. We also ate in the dining room and were pretty impressed (being foodies). Service was excellent and the rooms were impeccable. The only negative was the location--while convenient to all of our downtown events meant that we were tied up in summer weekend traffic downtown going to and fro. The West Side Highway? Forget it... the Battery Park area is always under construction and flooded with tourists (sorry). The Ritz puts the emphasis on service and certainly delivers. Oh--it is about 5-10 min cab ride from SoHo, West Village. That cannot be beat. But you can't really walk anywhere other than the lower Financial District.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luvphot
<Content>Exceeded Expectation We are just returned from a surprise 50th birthday NYC weekend complete with fabulous broadway shows, dinner, boat and helicopter rides. Our stay at the Ritz added to the sumptuousness of our weekend commencing as soon as we checked in to find our harbour room upgraded to a harbour suite. Just the beginning of delights. The room was spacious and impeccable and the bed heavenly with down. We spent the early evening on the terrace of The Rise where cocktails were delicious (and potent!), the food delicious and plentiful in serving, and wait-staff friendly and warm. I've read other postings stating prices were high; I think otherwise given the setting and ambience. Room service was prompt and friendly, food delivered hot and tasty. Upon returning to our room one evening we were surprised with a bottle of chilled champagne, with complimentary 50th birthday wishes from the staff of the Ritz. Oftentimes high expectations are met with disappointment ~ our stay at the Ritz exceeded expectation in every way and I am already back online to book our next stay!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ritzytravlr
<Content>Discrete and Attentive Service with Charm I booked a Harbor View room for the night of Saturday, September 3 to celebrate a birthday in Manhattan. I sent a memo via the Ritz-Carlton Web site requesting a service for a birthday and was promptly contacted by Guest Recognitions Coordinator Nicoletta the next morning. From her recommendation, I selected a rose petal turndown.Check-in was swift, efficient and very subtle. I had friends who arrived at the Ritz prior to my own arrival to surprise me. They were treated very courteously and were welcomed to the Rise Bar on the 14th floor as they waited for me. My friends later mentioned that they enjoyed the view in addition to the warm and attentive service they received from the bar attendant. I received the same level of service when I enjoyed a refreshing glass of water on the 鈥榩atio鈥?area of the restaurant outside the main entrance. This area did not seem too popular or frequently used.The Harbor View room that I checked into was immaculate. The bathroom, of course, was very spacious. The bell staff was quick as were the room service and assistant that promptly brought the extra towels I requested. I was very, very pleased. The hallways were silent as they should be.If I were to make any recommendations to the hotel, I suggest bringing some life to the lobby. I don鈥檛 recall any music, fresh flowers or plant life. It seemed very small and unmemorable. I did not truly receive a farewell and just seemed to slip out the front door requesting a cab for myself.Also, for those new to the city鈥?this area of the city is of course, very quiet! Expect to spend a few more minutes in a cab. Of course, the lower rates at this Ritz-Carlton location balance well with that.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! We stayed at the Ritz from the 7th to the 10th and had a great experience! The hotel is very clean and the view of the statue of liberty was great! So was the telescope to get a closer look! An added touch was the turn down service nightly with music playing and a scenic display on the tv. Very calming after a long day!The staff was great all around very helpful with any questions! The food is amazing at the hotel, very consistant and quite tasty! The only complaint would be the shower set up. With it being almost flush with the floor, we had a couple of floods to clean up in the bathroom!If you are going to shop, you will definately have to take a lot of cabs as most of it is not walking distance. That was really the only downfall!Overall my co-worker and I had a great experience!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GlobalQueen
<Content>Not Impressed - Spotty Service My husband and I stayed here for my birthday August 12-14th. We have stayed at the hotel three weekends over the past month. We had better visits the previous weekends, thus we chose to stay again this time hoping for a good experience over this special weekend. We were wrong.Initially, we were excited that perhaps the concierge was planning a small surprise (ie. upgrade or complimentary dessert) as they called to confirm the reservation, know the exact time of our arrival and acknowledged the Birthday. They had a lovely bottle of champagne on ice for my husband one of the previous trips we were there.No one was there to greet up upon arriving at the hotel and we carried in our own luggage until a bellman saw us coming into the hotel where they intercepted our luggage. We were checked in by Ann (a pleasant reception clerk) who remembered my name from previous trips. She told my husband that she would do something special for the occasion. We were given a low floor city view that looked over a pile of construction. Across the room from ours was a plate of raw salmon and a shrimp cocktail that had been partially eaten. The hallway smelled.After we returned from dinner later that evening, the food was still in the hallway and a bag of garbage next to another room was sitting outside of it. We noticed the drain in our room was clogged so we decided to report it the next morning.After we returned to the hotel at 4pm the next day, the clog in the drain had not been fixed, no special amenity had been delivered, the garbage bag from the morning was still in front of the other guests room and our room had not been cleaned! We called down asking if the room could be cleaned and drain fixed. My husband also inquired separately and a gentleman at guest reception assured us it would be fixed with an additional special amenity. On our way to dinner, the gentleman was in our elevator and confirmed our hotel room number publicly (he must have remembered my husband and there was a to do item on his list. After we returned from dinner that night, there was a plate of chocolate covered strawberries in our room. Unfortunately, we could not eat them, as they were warm and we had just had dinner and dessert, but at least the room had been cleaned (albeit haphazardly and hastily), but not the drain. We figured since we were checking out in the morning, we would refrain from commenting on our problems yet again!Overall, I might stay at the hotel again (but only if the price was very, very competitive), but not for the service from the majority of the hotel staff. I would think that at a four or five star property, that something as simple as unclogging the drain would have to go through multiple requests. The only bright light during the stay came from Kamlyn in the Rise Bar. She has a very infectious laugh, a great demeanor and is attentive and mingles with her guests. Perhaps this disappointing stay was an anomaly, but I will likely stay at other true 5 star properties next time in NY.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed at the Ritz for 2004 New Years with my girlfriend, and was treated to an incredible fireworks show with the harbor and Statue of Liberty as a back drop. Then, gifted a harbor room and broadway show to my newly wedded sister for a stay this past weekend, and the Ritz staff gave a complimentary chocolate covered strawberries and champagne. Awesome all-around hotel. And, a thoughtful staff!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rbrewersc
<Content>Awesome Views and Excellent Service The Ritz Carlton Battery Park is an excellent place to stay. There are not crowds of tourists like in Times Square. Also, I loved to hear the boats in the harbor go by at night (welcome change from taxis honking). The room was decorated in a contemporary/art deco style with shades of green and yellow, not overly modern like most hotels in NYC. We booked a harbor view room, and it was definitely worth the extra money (just go for it). I loved to play with the telescope! Also, the service is OUTSTANDING! You can tell they really enjoy working there. Anne and another front desk person (man with black hair- forgot his name) were exceptional. One thing which seperates the staff here from other hotels is the fact they actually care about you and want you to have a memorable experience. Loved it! Will stay here again the next time I return to NYC!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Nyquist
<Content>Great Hardware, Bad Software I paid $359 for a harbor view room, bfast and parking included. This is a special weekend rate and you cannot do better in NYC for this price. I give the hotel five stars across the board at this price point.However, this is the Ritz, and most people travelling during the week will pay much more, and the hotel falls short of the prices they normally demand.The Good:- Rooms are large, mine was spotless, and quality was excellent. Housekeeping was outstanding.- Service throughout the hotel is attentive, almost overbearing. I was with my family and they made us feel welcome, even with a cranky two year old.- Location is really great, soho and tribeca are close at hand.- Property is new, high quality, and very upscale. Piano bar at night is great.The Bad:- Went down for breakfast on Sunday morning and the buffet was being set up for a 9AM start. It was clear that most of the kitchen resources were deployed on this effort. We ordered from menus at 8:35 and didn't get our food until 9AM... should have just waited.- Wife was down in bar Sat night. I was in room with aforementioned two year old and 4 month old. Needed mommy ASAP... phone call to downstairs bar indicated no one was there... my wife was there the whole time (at least that is what she told me)The Ugly:- Checked in, standard Ritz big-to-do procedures, but in the chaos I forgot to notice they didn't return my license and credit card. I figured it out once we got to the room. I figured it out in the room while the bell hop unloaded our gear- he was on the problem immediately and I got an apology from the front desk via phone. Still- this should not happen.- Got charged $100 for parking though it should have been included. Didn't notice when I checked out. I called back a few days later and it was resolved.In short, a great property, particulalry if you don't care about being in MidTown (SoHo and Tribeca are Walkable). I prefer this location to midtown. The weekend deal is unbeatable. If you are expecting true 5-star and are paying 5-star prices, you may be dissapointed.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>NYC10001
<Content>Welcome to the Marriott! Stayed at the Ritz Carlton and I was terribly disappointed! Check in was quick and easy but I felt as if I was talking with a robot. And I found this to be true of all Ritz employees. Also the lobby was very dull and small. Upon entering my harbor view room I noticed a huge spot in the carpet... apparently red wine. The rest of the room was ok but I felt as if I was in a Marriott.. very bland decor. If I have one good thing to say is that the bathroom was nice! Had room service which was delivered 30 minutes after the quoted time and found the food to be just ok... at the Ritz I expect it to be great! Had this been a Marriott hotel I would expect the indifferent service and bland surroundings but this is supposed to be the Ritz! I have had the pleasure of staying at many great hotels, my favorite being the George V in Paris and I had high expectations of the Ritz in NYC... unfortunatly after having bad experiences at Ritz's Washington DC property and Buckhead property, I will never return to another Ritz! Stay somewhere great like the Four Seasons or St. Regis when in NY!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>frozenfamilyof5
<Content>Kids Loved This Hotel My husband and 3 kids stayed here and the kids loved it. My husband thought it was nice, but wasn't sure it's worth $100 more than 2 other hotels we've stayed at. Maybe just for one night, he admitted. We got a harborview room with a telescope. The kids were suprised to find a 12 chocolate Statue of Liberty in the room, too. The kids liked the bathroom (separate shower) and all the extra toiletries provided. They also liked the fact that they could work out alongside Dad in the fitness center. Breakfast was too expensive at the hotel so they never ate there. My husband said the customer service was outstanding when they checked in, but not so great when it came time to check-out.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice for Weekend Stay We stayed here in June for our anniversary. I mentioned this to a front desk staff person when I called 3 days before arrival to request early check-in. When we got there everyone seemed to know who we were and wish us a happy anniversary. As we got into the cab to leave, the bellhop asked if we had a good time on our anniversary. The room was great, the bed was wonderful, bathroom roomy, great view, etc. The location is secluded, with a park directly across the street, where you can also walk the Esplanade along the Hudson. Wall St., 4 different subway lines, ferries are all within 5 min walk. Don't think you have to stay in mid-town. Stay here, save $ over other 5 star hotels, catch the subway to wherever, and enjoy your NYC stay. Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Stay!!!!! We , flew in for Memorial Day weeeknd for a friends wedding .. and then realized it was also Fleet week .. but there was no lack of service at the Ritz .. From check in to check out it was a great experience . There were no problems getting cabs when we wanted to head into Mid- town .. and the Rise bar was a great way to relax before heading out for an evening on the town .. I feel that the Ritz Carlton out weights the Waldorf Astoria by a landslide .. I will be staying here again... Thanks for a great trip !!! Oh and Carmel car service was a great way to get around the city .. A + in service for them to ..  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tzelma
<Content>Wonderful hotel, wonderful view, wonderful staff               More photos  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel a little out of the way This is a good hotel. I disagree with a previous review that ripped the hotel. For someone who claims to know NYC, the review didn't show it. The rooms are average NYC size which are generally small. But the appointments are very nice, the staff knowledgeable and helpful and the location tolerable unless you are spending your entire time in midtown. Contrary to what was earlier written, cabs do line up. I had no problem getting a taxi. There is construction going on next door. And the road around Battery Park is a mess. You will experience noise during the weekdays and on Saturday from about 9-5 in the city view rooms. I am very sensitive to hotel noise. But considering the construction ends before evening, it isn't too bad. However, to balance out the location and the construction you need to get a room for under $350. Over that, I would look somewhere else. Especially if you are going to midtown most days. I have found Ritz Carltons and Four Seasons somewhat stiff in terms of decor etc. And you can expect the services and restaurants to be pricey, but the overall experience is fine. One recommendation to management, designate one or two floors as quiet areas. Prohibit people who insist on bringing offspring from staying on or visiting those floors. I have the feeling that most peole who bring children to this category hotel are just looking to tell anyone who will listen that they stayed at the RizCarlton with their legitimate or otherwise kids. Keep them away from me.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced  My wife and I stayed with our 2 children for a business  pleasure trip. We have traveled to many places throughout the world as a family unit and consider ourselves well-versed in the art of hotel critiquing. Additionally, as I am originally from NY, I have a good sense of the local NY hospitality market.The Ritz Carlton Battery Park is new enough but lacks character and general warmth. Some of this is attributed to the far away location and rather plain service, but much can also be attributed to the small, low, and sterile rooms (despite the over-hyped view of the harbor and Lady Liberty).We found the prices to be quite high for the room, basic services, and food  beverage (which was decent, but not worth 100 USD+ for lunch). We also got the feeling that kids were not welcome (or at least viewed only as a source of more revenue).Additionally, watching the bellmen whistle at cabs half a mile a way was quite entertaining. The hotel cannot line up cabs. One night, it took 40 minutes just to get out of the lobby and on to dinner.Overall, the hotel is about as good as the average Marriott, but then again we weren't paying to receive Marriott-level accommodations and service.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best dang hotel evr yall this hotel is the best evr!!!! yall need to stay at it!!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay if you're not adverse to cabs We just returned from a weekend at the Ritz. We were able to check in early and given a complimentary upgrade to a harbor view room which were nice touches. We were also sent chocolates in honor of our anniversary. Since most of our time was spent in Soho and Tribeca, the cab rides were necessary, but reasonable ($8 or so per trip). However, Midtown is easily $20 no matter what time of day you head there between traffic and the distance. The concierge desk was helpful and friendly. Rise bar had a nice terrace facing the Statute of Liberty, good drinks and decent appetizers. It was expensive, though, over $100 for a few drinks and an appetizer platter for two. If you plan to do Midtown or theaters, you are adding at least $50 per day in cabs to your tab. If you are looking to see the tourist attractions in the harbor area or go to Ellis Island, this is an excellent base.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>special occassion package had a great time at the Ritz.. staff was perfect. Each time we walked back in from shopping or sightseeing- we were greeted with Welcome Home- All aspects from the view of Liberty to the room service was incredible. Will visit again and suggest anyone to do the same. Limo tour of the city arranged by the staff was great- NY traffic will make you use the bar. :)  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BaronNorthLincs
<Content>Excellent We stayed here mid February during a four day break to the big apple. The hotel is situated in lower manhattan, near ground zero  overlooks the statue of liberty adjeacent to Hudson bay. The hotel is immaculate, very accomodating and the door staff and porters do everything for you. Our room was very spacious and well equipped with satellite TV, Nintendo mini disc etc. Be aware though, its not cheap to use the facilities or phone home from here. We made a big mistake and they charge almost $30 for connecting a call to the UK, this left us with a bill on check-out of nearly $750. If you plan to eat breakfast in your room I'd advise you only do it the once as it costs in the region of $85 for two. If you can book this hotel and flights via Expedia as we did you can catch a bargin in the region of 拢850 per couple including return flights with Virgin Atlantic, which considering this is a 5 star hotel it's excellent value for money.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall Very Nice Experience I stayed at the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park for two nights in early April, and overall found it positive. When I first checked in (on a government rate) I was supposed to be in one of the back side rooms facing the west side highway, but the nice girl at the desk, Donette, upgraded me to a harbor view room on the 6th floor. As others have noted here, the view is really lovely, and yes, there are telescopes in these rooms to better see lady liberty, etc, with. I did not eat at the hotel restaurant as all Ritz-Carlton restuarants are pretty steep, but there is a nice Amish market a few blocks away and behind that a decent expresso place, both reasonable. If you want to stay in the Battery Park area, then this is the hotel for that. Three different subway lines are all within walking distance, and it's fairly straightfoward to get to midtown Manhattan and elsewhere. That said, its a bit of a trek if you want to spend most of your time in the 42nd/Broadway area or at the more upscale restaurants on the Upper East and West sides. The plus is that Chinatown, Village, Soho are not too far away and lower Manhattan has some sweet designer bargain outlets: Century 21 and Syms are within walking distance. Also Wall Street for sightseeing and acces to the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island ferries. The hotel itself is newish, clean, and mostly quiet, although some noise from the Brooklyn tunnel access is unavoidable, and rooms have big bathrooms with soaking tubs and separate shower, and beds are overstuffed with down padding and duvets, quite comfy. I would recommend this hotel for a romantic getaway or a short business trip.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WatfordTraveller
<Content>View - Yes, Young Children - No Great view of the Statute of Liberty but this hotel bills itself as being child friendly, yet I would consider charging $14 (before tax and service) for 2 fun size boxes of Fruit Loops and an apple juice for a 4 year old very unfriendly. Breakfast for 2 adults and 4 year old, $91!! I have stayed in other 5* hotels around the world with my child and never paid for his breakfast until now.Found using buses (stop by the hotel) a great way for getting around the city and little one loved looking at the tall buildings. Recommend Carmel Car Service, very good service for sightseeing and transfer back to JFK.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>1kauai
<Content>Great stay at the Ritz My wife and I stayed at the Ritz Battery Park on 3-11 thru 3-13. I was able to check in at 10:00am. Which was great, since I had flown all night. The staff was very professional and courteous. The Harbor View room was unbelievable. It is worth the extra money, in order to have Ellis Island and the Statue of Liberty in view while you sip coffee or tea from your room. The hotel is located in Lower Manhatten and close to Battery Park and Wall Street. However, to reach Midtown or Uptown you need to take a taxi ($15.00 to $20.00 one way) or the subway. The Bowling Green subway (4,5) station is within a couple of blocks and can take you within a general proximtiy of any destination Midtown or Uptown. The Rise Bar at the hotels 14th floor is nice for Martini's and the view is unmatched. Did not try any of the food at the hotel restaurant. I would recommend Uncle Jack's Steahouse (Midtown on 9th Ave-$12.00 cab) for dinner but expensive. The area around the hotel feels very safe, since there are Park Police around at all times. The Ritz met and exceeded all of our expectations....Great stay and will return when it is not cold and snowy.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again... My husband and I stayed here February 18-21, 2005. We wanted to stay downtown for a change and chose the Ritz as part of a package through Expedia. I was slightly worried after reading some of the negative reviews on this website, however, we were pleasantly surprised. We phoned the hotel ahead of time requesting an early check-in since our flight was arriving at 0900. We weren't guaranteed an early check-in but were assured that if this was not possible we could at least leave our luggage at the hotel while we killed some time. Turns out they were able to give us an early check-in which was great. My husband mentioned we were in town for our anniversary and we received a complimentary truffle tray our first night. I have been accused of being overly harsh when critiquing hotels and I really don't have anything bad to say about our stay. We felt it was clean, comfortable, safe, and with the view of Lady Liberty oh so romantic. We can't speak on the quality of the restaurants since we did not eat at the hotel, but the room service pricing was a bit steep. We did not make it to the Rise bar but I'm sure the view is spectacular. For anyone planning a stay in February, inquire about the Chocolate Bar, seems decadent. The only reason we MIGHT not stay again...location. It is relatively far from the action in midtown. If the hotel offered a shuttle we would stay here everytime, no question. Lastly, check-out the Amish market across the street...great for a quick snack or breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nycgoer
<Content>Ritzy at the Ritz! I stayed here with my daughter and son in law. We stayed 2 nights in October 2004. The rooms are pricey but one doesn't worry about gross creatures in the beds etc. :( The room was very nice. The view of the Harbor was very beautiful. We could see the Statue of Liberty very clearly. The subway is close-by and taxis are everywhere. The hotel staff are friendly and remember your name. WOW!! I thought only people like The Trumpster got that service. The Ritz is also close by lots of tourist spots,easily within walking distance. The bathrooms are the BEST!!! Workout area is also great. Choose this Hotel. You will be glad! :)  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nevermissBoston
<Content>Stay Elsewhere As the Ritz Carlton chain continues to grow, so does my disappoint withthe hotels. This was no exception. The rooms are okay and the serviceleaves alot to be desired. The staff is well trained in greetings, etc, but thatis about it. The location, as other reviews stated, is poor. They needto have a shuttle service to mid-town. Do yourself a favor and lookfor other hotels. There are so many outstanding hotels in NYC and thereis no reason to be disappointed as I was.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>TMM
<Content>Superb Stay Many advised it would be a bad choice to move hotels (we stayed at the Sofitel also), but we did it anyway and spent our last night here. The outside of the Ritz-Carlton, Battery Park is not impressive once you find out rooms only go to the 14th floor and the rest are of the building is condos. However, once inside the hotel is another story. The reception area is small but lovely. We were whisked to our harbour view room on the 4th floor (again this does don鈥檛 sound impressive) by our personal butler. The room was huge and gorgeous. We had a direct view of the Statue of Liberty and though my husband thought the telescope was on the cheap side it didn鈥檛 stop him from using it. The bed was so comfortable and the amenities were nice. We ordered room service for our son (pizza, French fries and milk) that was very expensive ($38) and again we needed a bottle of milk which they charged us $10 for (ouch!). We have stayed at several Four Seasons with him and we have never been charged for a bottle of milk. The hotel bills itself as very child friendly, but there was little sign of this. Twice we asked for the highly touted children鈥檚 menu and no one seemed to be aware of this. Besides this we found the service to be a bit contrived and overdone. This was shown when two different staff members called my husband by the wrong surname. First he was Mr. Patel and the Mr. Albertson. Apparently, their guest list cheat sheets were wrong. I have never felt the service at the Four Seasons was over the top. The location of the hotel was perfect for the activities we had planned for our last day. We easily walked to Castle Clinton to get our tickets for the Statue of Liberty. After our visit to the Statue and Ellis Island we walked over to Ground Zero to pay our respects and it all became too much for me. I was in NYC for the US Open in 2001 and flew home on 9/10. I applaud those who worked in the area prior to 9/11 continue to do so. It must be hard to walk past the site everyday.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>serendipit4
<Content>Ritz Carlton Does It Again!       marble bathroom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous experience Stayed for three nights got an excellent weekend rate from the main hotel website. Selected a city view room, 9th floor, wonderful bathroom. After reading the reviews here I was worried about the location, but it was fine - we were on holiday and walked everywhere - wasn't a problem at all - infact it was probably the best way to see the city. Would recommend the Ritz Carlton without hesitation.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clementine05
<Content>Great hotel The R-C BP is not as high profile as some other NYC hotels. However, it is peaceful, beautiful and a lovely place to stay. The rooms are spacious and the service is great. The location is great for business travelers, but a bit out of the way for exploring the city. However, the hotel is a great value, especially next to comparable hotels in midtown.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous This hotel is an absolute gem. Regardless of some other statements on here!The rooms are quiet (we were on 5th floor), very clean and very luxurious. The staff are welcoming, competent and very pleasant. They will tender to your every need with clinical precision and courtesy.The hotel bar is quite possibly one of the best bars in the world, and the location is only bad if you want to stay near to midtown. It will cost $10 in a taxi. But after staying in midtown two years ago, we didn鈥檛 notice any difference in taxi costs etc. The area is quite at night, but so is midtown!!! Plus, we went everywhere in a taxi at night anyway.There is a great Deli nearby (Up past TGI鈥檚 toward Wall St) and the Amish market is a must see.10/10, without doubt.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing, too far from everything After hours of research, I booked the Ritz-Carlton instead of other high profile hotels in the city because of the positive reviews I read.I have to say, I was disappointed. It was fine, but by no means 5 star. As a travel writer, I know a good hotel when I see one too!Even by New York standards, it was expensive; our in-room dining bill was US $56 for a pizza and hamburger.Tourists be warned: three different local taxes add over 15% to the cost of your room.It was also a US$10-$25 cab ride downtown, (the cost depended on how much the cab driver wanted to rip you off.) Overall, the quality of the hotel did not justify staying as far away 'from the action' as we were.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JamieKate
<Content>Indifferent Friendly check-in, large, well-decorated room, spacious bathroom, comfortable bed, good room service, adequate gym.Was there for a business trip and it served it's purpose - near Wall St, comfortable  clean. If you are going as a tourist I think the location is pretty good - near Statue or Liberty, Ellis Island, subway to uptown from Bowling Green. It's not that nice at nightime - very deserted and nothing open, also can be hard to get a cab from. Great deli - Amish Market - across the street if you don't want to pay usual extortionate room service prices.I wouldn't pick it as a hotel for a special occasion though as it lacks character and charm. As far as business hotels go it's fine, but I can't say I'd rush to go back over anywhere else because just as there is nothing bad about it, there is nothing outstanding about it either. If you have to stay downtown and are just looking for a place to sleep then the Millenium Hilton is better value for money. If you want special then spend your $300 a night somewhere else.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service is Good but Boring Staff is excellent and professional. However, this hotel completely lacks character. The rooms are large and have very large bathrooms. And a wonderful shower I might add. However, it is all very modern and not in a cool way. Nothing hip. The Rise bar has great views. But again, it looks like a banquet room. The food is nothing special. Room Service was late, cold, and missing items. I use to stay at the Regent on Wall Street which had even better bathrooms and 10 times more character. Not impressed. I would call it a very nice Marriott.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RJB
<Content>Very nice! Let me add to the positive comments. We stayed four nights in a Harbour View room in October 2004. The room was a good size and, even though only on the fourth floor, had an excellent view. The bathroom was very large, full of marble, and with a separate door to the toilet and a separate bath and shower. The one buffet breakfast we had in the hotel was very well presented in a lovely dining room, but it was better value on other days to go to the Amish Market store / deli / cafe about two minutes walk away.Transport is not an issue. You may be at the bottom of the island, but the express subway lines take you to midtown in 5-6 stops.Only criticisms: slightly worn carpet, no DVD player, no plasma TV (it is a new hotel) and small public areas (no shops etc on-site).  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jujub34ns
<Content>Lovely, but too far from everything else Stayed there earlier this month for a business trip. It's a lovely hotel. The harbor view alone almost makes it worth staying there.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who has meetings in the Wall Street area, and whose bill is being paid by a corporate expense account. This hotel won't work for families on vacation or tourists, especially given the distance to any of the major attractions in NYC. The hotel is far from everything except the Financial District. If you plan to do any shopping or dining outside of the area, realize that it's a $15 taxi ride to anywhere in midtown - one way. Even getting around Lower Manhattan was dicey because the cabbies weren't always familiar with the Byzantine layout of the streets. You can certainly try the subway, but the station is several blocks away and the streets are not in a grid pattern (easy to get lost). The walk back to the hotel late at night can be scary.Try to get a higher floor to avoid noise from the street. The hotel part of the Ritz Carlton only goes to the 14th floor. The remainder of the tower is residential and has a separate entrance. The hotel has great windows, but the hotel sits directly above the exit ramp for the Battery Tunnel and the West Side Highway. It's noisy.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We stayed at the RC for our first wedding anniversary. We got a great deal for a harbor-view room and the accomodations were really beautiful. One complaint . . . Upon our departure from the hotel, we waited over one hour for the valet to retrieve our car - Horrible!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jewelz129
<Content>Beautiful hotel! First off, the hotel really is one of the most beautiful hotels you will find in New York. Because its location is not in the heart of Manhattan, it can really afford to give you more hotel space for your money. My bf and I stayed there for our anniversary, and service from the receptionist to the valet were all extremely pleasant. One thing, we had to wait an hour and a half for our room to be ready.. and unlike the other reviewer, our drinks were not on the house! Also, we requested to have a room on a higher floor, and were put onto the 5th floor... very disappointing. The room however, was not. Bathroom was Gorgeous and very spacious! We were even given a complimentary plate of chocolates. Overall our experience was very pleasant, despite the few cons here and there. Definitely one of the best, and most value for your money hotels in NYC.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service staff excellent, but other things are inconsistent Overall, the staff is courteous and helpful. However, I would rate this hotel a 4 star, not a 5 for several reasons. First, room service quality is inconsistent. Service is always good, but food quality can range from so-so to great. Restaurant downstairs is consistently good. Second, the number of times I have stayed there I have been charged for mini-bar charges that I did not incur. Keep an eye out for your bill. Third, no matter how many times I've raised the mini-bar issue it continues to happen. I hold a high standard for Ritz Carlton's, and this one falls a little short.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Fabulous!!! We stayed here to attend a wedding. When we arrived, the receptionist informed us that the type of room we reserved was overbooked. She upgraded our room to a suite!!! However, the suite was not ready. Instead of having us wait in the lobby, she personally escorted us to the hotel bar with a great view of the Statue of Liberty. When the room was ready, the receptionist came to get us, and told us the drinks we ordered were on the house. Needless to say we found the service in this hotel first rate. Moreover, the suite was exceptional.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!!!! This hotel was excellent in every way possible. The staff was very helpful and very kind. I also loved the location, the view of the Hudson River was breathtaking. Subways are also very easy to get to (about a 3 min. walk). When I come back to NY I will surely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A+++ Excellent location------great service. Great for a brief family getaway!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Uncaring and disorganized service I stayed at the hotel fora business trip. The welcoming was great, but it went downhill from there...My breakfast in the morning arrived 20 min late TWICE when i had meetings and really couldnt be late. IN ROOM dining was a disaster in general, the selection is limited, they wouldnt return calls, would nt bring any extras asked for.They didnt transfer calls ( i was told from the office) that should have made it to my room. I was carrying documents, bags, suitcase and they didnt open the door several times. They just staredTHe doorman was not from NY so anytime you asked him for anything, he replied that very fact...I needed a cab since the hotel is far from everything it seems, and the valet was rude, and said i would have to wait for a while in a very unpleasant and caring manner.I ve stayed at several ritz carltons worldwide, and especially when i travel for business, i dont want to think about all these problemsDont pay up for such bad service, the rooms are nice, but it s not worth it  
<Date>Jun 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can only agree with everyone else Just returned from a 2 night stay--truly a fine hotel. Service was outstanding from the moment we arrived. It was my husband's special birthday and I had mentioned this on the reservation request. He was treated royally--personal greetings, champagne and cake!The only slight flaw was with one of the concierges who did not appear to know about the water taxi service. But this was minor compared to everything else.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deanmac
<Content>Good hotel. Decent location, but 5 stars? We arrived on May 28th and checked into our standard room, booked though expedia with of their special rates. We *didn't* get the FAO Schwarz bear as part of the Ritz-Kids club, as our booking didn't qualify for this. No-one told us this when we booked. No big deal really, but it's something you may wish to bear in mind (no pun intended) when opting for a cheap rate, especially if you've already told the kids they're getting one!After opening the curtains in our 4th floor room we were greeted by some very nice road maintenance works. Noisy during the day, but no complaints in the evening. My advice would be to ask for a room as high up as possible, but that's good advice for anywhere in Manhattan, but just here :-)Seeing all the reviews posted about this hotel regarding upgraded rooms, I thought I'd give it a try. No joy. I phoned reception to ask about a room upgrade. I was on hold for 10 minutes before giving up. Not very professional. The 2nd time I called, the girl on reception told me that they didn't have any available at the time, but not to worry, she would get back to me and let me know. Needless to say, she never did. Not that I expected her to.I'm not sure why everyone is raving so wildly about this hotel. I've stayed in a few 5 star hotels over the years, and this one isn't anything spectacular. Personally, I'd give it 4 stars, not 5. This isn't really for any negative issues or problems with the hotel, because there really isn't anything wrong with it. It's just that it really isn't that special...  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ritz-Carlton, Battery Park, NYC - PERFECT! My new husband and I just returned from spending our honeymoon in New York City, where we stayed at the Ritz Carlton in Battery Park. The staff at this hotel were absolutely perfect from the moment we arrived until we left. One doorman would even remember our names and welcome us back when we would come back from a day in the city! Champagne and chocolate-covered strawberries were in our room the first afternoon we were there. The room was gorgeous, and they would provide us with slippers during our turn-down service. We had a beautiful view of the statue of liberty, and ordered room service one night with the harbor as our backdrop! My husband got the steak, which he said was the best he'd ever tasted! We were so spoiled and hopefully will be able to return at some point and stay again. I would definitely recommend them. Whenever we said thank you, they always said My pleasure. It really felt that way!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beadgirl32
<Content>Perfect Place to Stay in NYC Just returned from a long weekend in NYC at the Ritz at Battery Park. This was the best hotel I have stayed at in the city. We upgraded to the club floor upon arrival and had a beautiful room. It was wonderful to have the food presentations, unlimited beverages, DVD rentals and in-room telescope with a great harbor view! Location was great -- near the subay if we wanted to go uptown in the maddness and the retreat of Battery Park when we needed peace and quiet. Service was the best we have ever had -- especially Rory in the Club Lounge. She took care of our every need -- from extra cookies to a custom list of the best Soho shopping places. The last night of our stay we ordered pizza and ate it in the park -- listening to live music with an amazing view of the Statue of Liberty! Well worth the extra money.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply the Best My husband and I have just returned from three days in Manhattan staying at the Ritz Carlton. We've been to NYC many times but this is the best hotel we've ever stayed in. The staff were friendly and helpful and our room was beautiful. We won't be staying anywhere else in New York. Can't wait to return.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad It was ok, not the best, but a decent location if nothing else.  
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury We spent three nights here and can only rave about the place. The bed was divine, the bathroom was the size of an average hotel room with separate shower and bath tub. Didn't have time for the bath butler but did enjoy drinks in the Rise Bar at Sunset. Well worth the money.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NyKiddo
<Content>Best Luncheon!!! On Sat. May 1st the Agonian Alumni Association of SUNY New Paltz had our yearly spring buisness luncheon at the Ritz-Carlton. The food, service, location, view.... everything was outstanding!!! Long time members remarked this was one of the best. Andrew and his staff were wonderful. I am not on the planning board but I understand we are booking there for next year. I highly recomend the Ritz for any event.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ritz at the Tip This was our third trip to the Ritz-Carlton Battery Park. We like the tip of Manhattan area for the views. The hotel mind you is very nice. The rooms have wonderful harbor views. The beds are a dream. In the past we especially became keen on their Concierge, Mr. Eric Sofield however this trip we found out he had left the hotel. We were very saddened because he was one of the best concierge we have ever experienced in the world. They seem to have a concierge staff now with no grace. Perhaps next trip it will be better. O鈥?yes try to see the new sky scraper museum in the building also if you are there. Cheery O  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow!!!! Romantic and very personal Wow!!!! We arrived at The Ritz Carlton on 4/24 around 8:00pm...and were treated like royalty. It was my husband birthday so I planned in advance for the Club Level deluxe room , with a rose petal turn down service upon arrival. This was a surprise for my husband and they did not spoil it!!! We were greeted by the Club Level staff the minute we stepped off the elevator with a personal card, a drink offer and a verbal Happy Birthday to my husband. We entered our room , with the lights turned low, romantic music playing, and fresh rose petals all over the bed. The ice bucket was filled and champane glass were ready to go. They even offered to fill the marble tub with a bubble scent of our choice.... The atmoshere was perfect. The Club Level food was included in our hotel stay...with an incredible variety of foods, drinks, and even different water from around the world. ( I definitely recommend.) The staff was wonderful and they personally remembered our name thoughout our short stay. I never felt so comfortable in a hotel!!! The food...delicious .....you won't want to leave. This Ritz is clearly a five star hotel!!!!! Can't wait to visit New York again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exquisite!!! This hotel is truly worthy of the fine reviews. We arrived at the Ritz immediately after our wedding and we were treated well from the moment we arrived. We were upgraded to a harborview room on the 9th floor that was superb and we were surpised with a bottle of champagne and chocolate covered strawberries. The food and cocktails at The Rise and 2 West are very good and the staff is very courteous.I can not get over how accomodating the entire staff is. Upon request the staff delivered to our room a copy of the Financial Times and the Wall Street Journal along with our New York Times. The staff was also able to open the business center for me at 1AM when I needed to catch up on some work. We would gladly stay at this hotel again and we recommend it to anyone coming to NY!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding OMMGGGGG this hotel is wondeful me and my mom stay4ed there 3-6 to 3-7 and it was wonderfullllllll we wanted an early check in but we waited for 2 hrs after we checked off an early check in a 9 am while we were waiting me and my mom went had breakfast thereeere outstandinnng then saw WTC by the time 12 pm came around they finally had a oom and upgraded us to a harbor room caz we watied for awhile for a room and the pppl there have the most nicest manners evver.There rooms ar beatuifl and there bathroomms.Telecscope in the harbor roomm nd all there facilited conceirge everything never complained it iss a great price,,but one thing is the mini bar hadd high priced food $5 for a soda ad 3.50$ for a bag of mms but everything was great  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WOW!! Wow!! What a great hotel. We had booked the cheapest rate available and were treated like royalty. We tried to check in early and were told that our room was available, but if we were willing to wait a little while, they could upgrade us to a suite. We decided to wait for the upgrade and were so glad that we did. The room was amazing. The service at the hotel was also superb. If you go for a drink, make a reservation for the bar on the 14th floor to see the sunset. It is beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelismymiddename
<Content>In a word....SUPERB! We stayed at the Ritz from 02-27 to 02-29 and truly enjoyed our stay. We were upgraded to a waterfront room (w/o asking) and it was lovely! Lauren at the reception desk was so polite and warm, it was refreshing. The entire staff, from the bellman to housekeeping were warm and welcoming, not pretentious! We dined at the 2 West restaurant (onsite) and it was delicious and well priced. I contacted housekeeping for slippers and they were brought to my room within 5 minutes. The maid did a great job cleaning our room each day. Taxi's midtown ranged from 10-14(each way) not including the tip. It was well worth it because the location of this property is lovely. It is quiet and has an understated elegance. Venice Lacy and Chooi Li Loo provided us with a pleasant surprise upon our return to our room the first night. Chocolate covered strawberries (decorated like tuxedos)were placed in our room in honor of our anniversary! What a nice touch! It made our 10th aniversary one to remember. We'll be back!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stroudy
<Content>Fantastic Location, Service, Overall Wonderful This is without doubt the best hotel i have ever stayed in - we were treated amazingly from the momment we arrived. The rooms were very for new york standards and the views of the statue of liberty were stunning.Although at the very bottom of manhatten, we could get the subway upto Midtown and Fifth Avenue in around 15-20 minutes which is a small price to pay.Turndown service was exemplarary.Rise Bar also comes highly recommended, especially their enormous deserts.Great hotel, Great People.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>too far out we've just returned from a stay at the Ritz, battery park. The hotel was small and very quiet. The room was blandly decorated and we had to pay extra for a harbour view which wasn't really worth it because the statue of liberty is only just in view. The location is awful - you have to get a taxi just about everywhere. The hotel is very expensive - breakfast for 1 adult  2 children came to about $96 and was not that great. I think this hotel is great for business travellers who want to stay downtown but not for families visiting NY.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Homergirl
<Content>nice, only a few minor complaints My sister and I stayed here only for one quick night after a concert at Madison Square Garden. We weren't able to take advantage of all that the Ritz offered. However upon checking in, the staff upgraded us to a waterfront room and were so pleasant to deal with. We went to the bar on the 14th(?) floor for dessert and tea at 12:00am and although they were done serving food, they were nice enough to get us our chocolate fondue we were craving. The only complaint was that housekeeping did not clean out the minibar from the previous guests, who left their food and drink in it (gross) and there was a very large stain on the carpet next to the window. Other than that, the hotel was beautiful, staff was up to par with Ritz standards, and the rooms and bed were quiet and pleasant. I would highly suggest paying the extra cab fare downtown to this hotel, where it is a bit quieter.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>llongrider1
<Content>Wonderful Experience   showReview(1613295, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bonviant
<Content>Excellent service and great hotel!   showReview(1558344, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(1558155, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a wonderful retreat   showReview(1535450, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilac44
<Content>Very nice, but not excellent in everyway.   showReview(1342211, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lovely hotel    showReview(1121596, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It   showReview(986880, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nicest place I've stayed at in NY   showReview(841504, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a find!   showReview(821599, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best!!   showReview(693626, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Team777
<Content>Ruhig und gut   showReview(22715644, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>銉熴儷銈兗
<Content>鑷敱銇コ绁炪亴銈堛亸銇裤亪銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20004267, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Traumhaft   showReview(15564576, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait pour des rdv professionnels downtown   showReview(13195340, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sofort wieder   showReview(11667404, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Firsttraveller
<Content>Super Aufenthalt   showReview(7165718, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Blick - guter Service   showReview(11399297, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super   showReview(11355212, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Kein Verh盲ltnis zwischen Preis und Leistung   showReview(11355211, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏄ㄥ勾銇偑銉笺儣銉炽仾銇仹...   showReview(19920271, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

