<Author>RyanColombo
<Content>Isolated Hotel Stayed here for a conference. Its a very Large hotel with good restuarants, Especially the mexican one in the lobby was great, Also had free wifi in the Lobby. The only issue was that it was too isolated you needed to take a cab to do anything. There was a Denny's around the corner, but that was it. Wish it was located closer to downtown.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	4	3	3	

<Author>tacomarick
<Content>Big, Expensive Hotel in the middle of Nowhere I was here for a conference. The hotel is huge and has good grounds. It works well for conference space until you want to eat or go do something. That being said this hotel is not in a good location. About the only thing around are more hotels and a Denny鈥檚. And don鈥檛 go walking around the neighborhood looking for anything, because it鈥檚 not a good neighborhood. The hotel itself has many restaurants and shops. However unless you like paying 40.00 for a pasta dish, 16.00 for an order of Nachos smaller than taco Bell, or 6.75 for a bottle of beer, then go elsewhere. Everything is overpriced here. And if you must stay here, rent a car, because taxi rides are the most expensive I have ever heard of. The rooms are fine. They have plenty of space and a mini bar. Beds were comfortable.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Tink1Boston
<Content>Nice Stay at Enormous Hotel We were in Dallas for a quick trip and got a fantastic deal on the Anatole. This hotel is HUGE, one of the largest I have seen. The grounds are beautiful and the hotel is very well kept. The staff were friendly. It is convenient to most of the city. Although the room was a good bargain, the hotel does charge for just about everything that it can consider an extra, including parking. Although I am used to paying for parking in many metropolitan areas, I lived in Dallas for several years and there is plentiful parking everywhere for free so I was surprised by this. The room was a nice size. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rayc441
<Content>Hiton Anatole--Dallas, TX       Hlton Anatole--not in the tower part  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>siw_1201
<Content>Bring money, and lots of it. I am a heavy traveller for work/business. I was in Dallas for several weeks, and my company put me up in the Hilton Anatole. As many other reviews state, the place is quite impressive, but it only goes skin deep. Yes, the grounds are beautiful, the buildings look nice, the insides are very attractive, and the staff is indeed nice and helpful for the most part (see notes below for the contrary).However, I soon found that the excitement was lost once you go beyond appearances. This hotel is geared towards one type of person: those who like to feel more important by spending much more money than should be required for anything, or those on company expense accounts. First of all, self parking...$15 a night ($19 for valet). This hotel has thousands of parking spots, most of which were empty for a good portion of my stay, and many of which aren't available to hotel guests anyway. Yet, they still charge this ridiculous amount for self parking (it's gated, so no cheating). From what I can tell visually, no other hotel in the area has gated self parking, thus I imagine they don't charge for parking. Yet this hotel feels it necessary to charge $15 a night. The worst part was when they closed the one lot closest to the atrium building for four days for an event, forcing you to either park across the campus (a good 5 minute walk away), or valet. No one ever seemed to know why the lot was closed, or when it would reopen. I only saw cars in the lot for one of those four days.Even though we were at the Hilton for three weeks, we visited only one restaurant one time. After paying $6.25 for a domestic beer at the sports bar, and looking at the menu prices for a few of the other places, we decided that eating a meal in this hotel was not an option. I think it was about $23 for an entree at the Mexican restaurant.Another ridiculously overpriced amenity at this hotel is their internet service. They offer two options, Choice for $11 a day, and Premium for $13 a day. It's the most expensive hotel internet I've seen in years in the US. Being an internet junkie, I did pay the $11 a day several times, and I can say that the internet service at this hotel is pathetic. Dial would be faster on most occasions. I could hardly even get Google Maps to load, and checking email was spotty. This was even when the hotel was not busy, so they can't use that excuse.I have to check again, but I believe I was also charged a handing fee for receiving a small package of mail from home. That's just a slap in the face if you ask me.I didn't use any other service that this hotel. Noise is certainly a factor if you are in the atrium building. On some nights, when a convention lets out, even at 11pm (I had to work early the next day or it wouldn't bother me as much), it sounded like a freight train was running through the hotel. The atrium does not absorb any noise whatsoever.The TV channel selection is pretty boring as well. Standard networks, a few sports and news channels, and a few cable networks.Other than that, the room was clean, and the place seemed nice enough. But I would never return to this hotel by choice. I simply just do not believe in paying extreme prices just to feel like I'm getting better service. And that is what this hotel is built around.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	3	1	

<Author>LegoJoe
<Content>Great hotel, especially for conferences! I stayed at the Hilton Anatole for a business meeting in early September. Check-In--was very efficient and quick. Staff was friendly-no complaints.Rooms--Were very nice--seemed to be newly refurbished. Bathroom was spotless, great bath amenities. Room was a decent size (I had 2 Queen Beds). Restaurants--We did not eat at any of the restaurants in general, but had work conference meals. They were the best meals that I have had at a hotel. Great tasting and presentation was excellent. Large conference dinner food tasted very good. Funny story, I actually wasn't feeling well the night of the conference and didn't eat much of my food. The staff asked me if I would like something else and they said they would make me whatever I would like! I thought that was going above and beyond!Mexican Restaurant Drinks--The Mexican Restaurant is a great place to have some drinks. We had some wine and margarita's. The staff was fantastic and we had a great time here.All and all, I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially a business person. (I think this is mostly who this hotel caters to). I could see a tourist staying a little closer right in the city...Please email me with any questions.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cphelps
<Content>The best hotel I've EVER stayed at! My family and I stayed at this hotel and it was wonderful! we got a really good price through our frequent flyer miles. the rooms are huge, the beds are like fluffy clouds, and we had the perfect view of reunion tower and the green building that i'm sure you've seen if not in pics! one of my absolute favorite things about this room was, it had a digital thermostat. most hotels have that horrible low, high or off dial. you can never get the temp right, its always too cold or too hot! the hotel had huge atriums that were breath taking! the elevator we rode on had a glass wall and we were on the 10th floor so we had a really good view of everything! the only downside to the hotel is #1 you have to pay for parking, i think it was $15 a day for self parking, i'm sure it was more for valet #2 everyone expects a tip, the guy that helps unload your car(even if you don't want him to), the guy that opens the door for you (every time you come and go), and the guy that takes your bags to your room(even though he banged and knocked and knocked my bags off a few times, thank goodness i carried my laptop case!) but over all this is a wonderful hotel!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Deontas
<Content>Big Hotel Yet Comfortable  This was my first time staying at the Hilton Anatole. I didn't know what to expect, but was surprised by the size of the place. I attended a conference and although my room was in one tower and my meetings in the other. The daily walk through the hotel was pleasant. The weather in Dallas was rainy and cool during my stay at the Anatole, but with the large atriums, I felt like I was outdoors when walking through the hotel... all in a nice controlled climate. Room was clean and modern. Bed was very nice. Everything about the room was what you'd expect from a world class hotel.No complaints.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>hipsterdo0fus
<Content>Nice hotel and they are proud of it Not much detail to go into - but the Hotel is beautiful. At the same time, you can tell once you get there how the Hilton Family gets their money - they charge for basically everything. I'd say for the price it isn't really worth it unless you have a convention in the hotel. Otherwise you can go to a much cheaper place, get a decent room and more amenities for free. I'd still recommend checking it out as it is quite a cool building.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>Omakok
<Content>Big conference hotel with good amenities This is a huge hotel suitable for conferences and events. The rooms are in three buildings, the Atrium1 and 2 and the Tower. The distances can be quite long and it makes sence to find out where your event takes place before choosing where to stay. There are receptions in both buildings, though. Stayed here 3 times. I like most the garden with a jogging track, a good way to start the morning. On the way back, buy a filled croissant and fresh fruit salad at the cafeteria instead of the big hotel breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>ohviaggiare
<Content>Beware of the fishbowl! I stay at the Hilton Anatole every two weeks on Friday night.The hotel is basically ok, but everyone should know to avoid a certain room they have on every floor in the tower which is essentially a fishbowl. There are no windows to the exterior of the building, all windows are on the corridors, and you can hear people passing by and the elevators all night. Second problem, on certain floors and not necessarely in the tower you can hear loud music well into the wee hours of the nigt because they have a bar and disco. It's impossible to sleep.Thid problem, but this is common to all Hilton hotels I have visited: their beds are so soft, I always wake up with an aching back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	5	2	4	2	

<Author>TexasMom2008
<Content>Definitely Not for Families with Young Children I stayed at the Hilton Anatole over the 4th of July weekend with my children, ages 8 and 3. At first glance, the hotel appears to be a beautiful and well maintained. But our stay on the 14th floor with inoperable air conditioning and no windows was downright brutal. Needless to say that it was a very restless night for everyone. The Anatole did not have basic television channels for children such as the Disney channel, Nickelodeon, etc. They did graciously give you the option to purchase 30 minute kids' shows for $3.95 per show. Or you could purchase a kids' movie for $13 per movie. This was new to me and I thought it was a complete rip off.The $17 self service overnight parking fee was also an unexpected charge that took me by surprise. WOW! Needless to say that if I am in Dallas ever again, I WILL NOT be staying at the Hilton Anatole. It is beautiful on the surface, but don't look too deep.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>kbris10224
<Content>Check Your Credit Card Statement We booked the hotel for a conference and gave our credit card numbers to hold the rooms. The conference was not until mid June, but upon reviewing my credit card statement, the hotel had charged me a room deposit of $228, three different times (once in May and twice in June weeks before the conference.) I called the hotel, I faxed, I called the 1-800 Hilton number, I e-mailed.... No help. I may finally have someone to assist after sending a note to the hotel manager.I travel at least once a month, I have been to other conferences and have never had anything like this happen so check your statement. Other people in my group had a similar issue. If you have to go, pay in cash or through Travelocity or some other reputable hotel booking service.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sps101
<Content>Great for conferences Everything in Texas is big. This is certainly true of the Hilton Anatole. Even the art is big.Equipped with numerous facilities for a range of activities, this Hotel is ideally suited for large conferences. We enjoyed spacious meeting rooms, deliciously catered food, and fabulous entertainment venues. There were delightfully appropriate facilities for every event held at this conference.I have a few wishes that could have improved my experience here: - there should really be a gym that is free for hotel guests. It's only standard for nice hotels to offer gym services - there should be better vegetarian options at all events. It is important for vegetarian meals to have sufficient protein. Protein was almost always insufficient in the vegetarian dishes. - the air conditioning was on too high for my preferences. I was cold during most of the conference. - i was mistakenly charged for a restaurant bill. the front desk easily cancelled it, but still, it's not good business to mistakenly charge guests  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>FloridaEchoman
<Content>Couldn't handle a large group About a thousand cardiologists descended upon Hilton Anatole in May of this year to take an annual certification exam. Check-in was smooth, and the room was adequate. My view was of a parking lot, but since I got a group discount rate, no complaints. Dinner in the lobby's Mexican restaurant was very good, but pricey for what was served.The next morning, chaos reigned. My room service breakfast, ordered the night before, never arrived. Multiple calls to room service were never picked up. I spoke with many others who encountered the same problem. This was before a 6-hour intense exam where no food was allowed in the testing room. Since no bags were allowed in the testing room, all of us tried to get bell service, and the lines were long and painful, with the poor bellmen obviously unprepared and stressed. I asked the pleasant young woman at the check-out desk if I could speak with a manager but she told me he was overwhelmed.I eventually managed to get a very expensive cup of yogurt and a Starbucks coffee at a kiosk in the hotel, but there were some very angry doctors in line.Clearly not the place for your convention, but seemed adequate for an overpriced night in Dallas.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>zsazsa77
<Content>Something for everyone       My room, fairly standard  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>DallasGirlTravels
<Content>Assembly Line Hotel Instead of going out of town this Memorial Day weekend, we opted to spend one night at a fancy hotel with our daughter. After much research, we decided on the Anatole, largely on the basis of the promised gardens and swimming pool and the assurance of the four stars. The price -- $120 -- was comparable to other four star hotels in the area. It did not occur to me that the fact that it is a conference hotel mattered. Was I wrong! The poor front desk attendants were clearly instructed not to be too friendly, not to chat, etc., in the effort to move things along. We had to change rooms three times before we were placed in an appropriate one: first there was only one bed, then the room smelled of smoke (in a no-smoking hotel), but finally we got a nice room -- well appointed and comfortable. So off to the pool: imagine a Florida spring break scene at a no-star hotel, except instead of college coeds, we were among overweight, middle-aged cubicle types  mothers shepherding gaggles of children. The soundtrack: a local rock n' roll station. Not bad, but not nice. And the gardens: lawn  containers with the least expensive flowers imaginable (the equivalent of pansies, but it is May in Texas, so pansies can't stand the heat). All in all, the hotel was dull -- not fun, not exciting, not glamorous. It did not make us feel special -- or make my daughter feel special -- and I can see how it could not: what with 1,500 rooms to fill, empty, clean  maintain, there is no time for personal touches. But there should be enough revenue for decent flowers!  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>scarlet798
<Content>Large Hotel and nice Stayed here for a conference.The hotel is like a city it is so large.The rooms was big ,clean and modern.Food was very good and the fitness room was great.No complaints.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pkdesign
<Content>Great Place to Stay       Garden area with running track  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>M3-Racer
<Content>Hilton Anatole staff gets it! This place was recently remodeled and looks fantastic. In my 3-day stay I discovered a backlight on one of the elevator buttons was burned out. I was happy to see that because pretty much everything else was so perfect.The entire staff seems trained to make customers feel welcome, and they're very helpful with everything. They made me feel valued, even important. Sheesh.The fitness center came with an $8 usage fee, but it is fabulous - not your typical hotel fare.Annoyance - they still charge for internet service. At many lesser hotels it's free. It's not better service, it just costs. High-end hotels as a group will not be able to get away with this forever...Still, I'd definitely go back.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>AggieGirl02
<Content>Take Your Money Elsewhere I stayed at the Anatole from April 30, 2008 through May 4, 2008 for a business conference. This hotel cares much more about conference attendees and parties than its regular guests. Beyond being large and impersonal, this place nickel-and-dimes you. Overnight self-parking costs $15 per night, and you have to pay a fee to use their gym. They do have a nice running track on the property that I used several times.I had a regular king room in the Atrium building. The first two evenings, noise was not a problem because there were not guests staying in the rooms next to mine. However, the second two nights, the noise was awful. I attribute part of it to the incredibly rude people staying next to me, but the walls were also paper-thin. When they returned to their room at 2 or 3 in the morning, I could hear everything they were saying, and it sounded like they were using the TV and/or radio in my room. I finally had to call security the second night, and they did respond promptly, which I appreciated. The bed was fine, but I did not like the pillows. The bathroom was small but nice, and the Crabtree and Evelyn bath products are a plus.If you want to have a party or go to a bar with overpriced drinks, I suggest using this hotel. I enjoy personal service and kind employees at hotels, and I don't feel like I found either here. If you want to have a nice, quiet get-away in Dallas, I suggest staying somewhere else, like the Aldolphus.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>gvr001
<Content>Wow! Sprawling property, very nice I stayed at this property for one night on business. The hotel is located a few miles from the downtown business district of Dallas, and is accessible. Given the resouces on the property, $200/night was certainly a reasonable price to pay for lodging.I was amazed at the size of the property! The lobby has huge ceilings, with elephant scultpures, paintings, and marble flooring, and had the feel of a Vegas casino! It takes several minuts to walk from one end of the hotel to the other. Check in was fast and efficient, and they validated the parking, which was a huge bonus! There are 2 atriums in addition to the Tower, so plenty of rooms to choose from. I stayed in the Atrium, which was fine. Plenty of elevators, 2 sinks in the bathroom, and a nice sized TV. I was somewhat disappointed that the rooms do not have wireless internet, and that there is a charge to use the ethernet connection in the room.There are plenty of restaurants to choose from. I ate in the Sports Bar as well as the breakfast buffet in the Atrium, and both were good, reasonably priced meals.The property has a nice sculpture garden, with a soft running track of 1/4 mile, which I used, which was very nice. I didn't go to the gym, but I believe they charge a fee for using the machines on the property. There are several areas to have a drink and relax.I would certainly consider staying here again on business, and if I ever brought the family to Dallas on vacation, this property would certainly be a consideration.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SaminDC
<Content>big I was there for a conference, and the hotel is big. It has a Hertz on site and lots of food choices. The Mexican lunch buffet, at about $18/person, was totally not worth it. Nona's was quite good and offered excellent views. It was not too convenient getting to my room, which was about as a far from an elevator as can be- they should have more banks of elevators for the non-tower bldg. The bathroom was really nice, and the room had convenient business amenities like speakerphone.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	1	3	4	

<Author>TravelingLawyer2
<Content>Huge convention hotel with pluses, minuses This destination hotel and resort has huge public spaces that can and do serve thousands of conventioners daily. There is nothing quaint or boutique about this Dallas shrine to excess, but if you have to be stuck in a hotel for days without a car, there is much here to keep you entertained: spa, pool, bars, sculpture gardens, restaurants. It's all here, and the friendly and professional staff rarely miss a beat. That said, do NOT select this hotel unless you have a reason to be at the Anatole during your stay (there are far better and more convenient options for the money), and consider alternatives if you have a car, are under 35 or otherwise dislike being stranded with thousands of convention guests. Two room tips: The unrenovated rooms (many in the Atrium wing) are in some ways better than the renovated Tower rooms, which look like a redux to 1980's excess. Also make sure your room has an exterior window. A surprising number (including the first assigned to me) had only a window facing an interior hallway. If you can, ask for a corner location. My second room (on a corner) had windows on two sides, and (judging by those fire escape maps) are larger than most standard rooms.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	4	4	

<Author>STEVEFR
<Content>Hilton Anatole I would agree with most of the other recent reviews.The rooms are large and well decorated and with coffee making facilities. TV did not have a huge choice of channels.Check in and out was extremely fast and efficient.Note this hotel is not downtown or near shops or restaurants areas. There is nothing within walking distance of the hotel, though it is easy to locate on the feeway from airport to downtown.Extremely spacious public areas and nice gardens outside.The Hotel seems to be full with conventions which do sill into the main areas of the hotel due to their size.. Loud and noisy but on the plus side you can pretend to be part of them and get free drinks!!The hotel is surrounded by its parking lots for which you have to pay in my opinion a very high fee that should be included in your room charge. I would prefer a hotel closer to facilities but it still is a quality hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>parrot21
<Content>Conference and leisure - great hotel! We recently stayed here for a conference in April and found the hotel to be very comfortable and plush. It's a huge complex, which provides ample opportunity for things to fail, but we never found that to be the case. The front desk is efficient, quick and accomodating. The maid service was exceptional, the grounds are immaculate and the general cleanliness flawless.The spa is currently under renovation, so there is construction surrounding the area. I never found that to be much of an issue, with the exception of the indoor pool being out of circulation. The gym facilities are wonderful - many, many cardio pieces and more than enough weight machines and free weights.The pool area is large enough to handle a good crowd (although we were here in April, so things may change during the summer months). There was no bar service at the pool, but again, off season. When I arrived at the pool, there were no beach towels, so I contacted the adjacent spa desk clerk and within 10 mins. there were plenty of towels for the other guests.We ate in all of the restaurants on site, because you are located a cab's drive from any other dining locations. At each location, the food was very good. My only complaint would be that due to the large conference volume, mid-day was slow on at least two occasions - it was difficult to get something to eat and back to your meeting within an hour. We dined at the top of the hotel at Nana's gourmet restaurant and found the service to be impeccable, the food exquisite and the view is marvelous. If you get the chance, fit that into your schedule.As another reviewer noted, the elevator bells ARE annoying. As soon as the morning rush starts, you hear them constantly. I'm sure they could be toned down. The elevators are very quick though. All in all, I would not hesitate to stay here again. A good example of Hilton service.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Snappyinchi
<Content>Awesome Hilton The Hilton Anatole is really amazing. Beautifully renovated, deluxe finishes everywhere. Rooms are large and well appointed. Huge walk in showers and in room safes. Beautiful outdoor spaces as well. If you are driving assume you will be staying and park near tower entrance to avoid having to walk through entire hotel. Complaints? Elevator DING DING can be heard in room, and in ceiling light in bathroom is slightly annoying. I would go back in a second.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>JosephineB
<Content>At first I thought, oh no, but ... When I arrived and realized that there was nothing in this area except the hotel and I was at a 7 day conference.. depression. But I actually enjoyed the experience. The Anatole works as a destination hotel. Size is a plus. The room was large; the public spaces are large. Lots of walking around space. The sculpture garden is attractive and has a running track. A few times around and you have a mile in not much time. The variety of restaurants is acceptable and the food is above average. Try the Gossip Bar in the Tower for a quick breakfast of pastry and coffee. It's away from the main areas and people forget it. The Terrace is a steakhouse in the evening and, well, this IS Texas. For some pleasant downtime, try the outside patio near the sculpture garden for a cozy chair and if it's chilly, there are overhead heaters. The public areas are filled with asian sculptures and vases which are stunningly beautiful. The staff is Texas-friendly and seem to work hard to make your stay pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Bigsister1
<Content>I think they read these reviews I think they read these reviews because most of the complaints that I read in previous reviews were addressed. I didn't have any trouble with my bill at check-out. The staff was friendly and attentive. If they said they would do something, they did. My housekeeper could not speak English. A few minutes after an attempt to communicate failed, I received a call from her supervisor who was very helpful. There was a bit of nickel-and-diming going on. But my group arranged for us to use the gym at a reduced rate. I got a pass for my entire stay for $16 and they let me borrow some shoes which I forgot at home. The facilites were great. A TV screen at each machine. The pools were clean and not crowded. Plenty of fluffy towels. Sometimes there were more people cleaning than working out! The restaurants are $$ high. I attended a lot of receptions where food was served. It was all great for hotel h'ordeurves and I rarely needed to buy an expensive meal. Also, the internet rates were VERY high! However, my group was able to offer free internet use in one of the bars. The service in the room was spotty. When I complained about that, they took it off my bill. Room service $$ was astronomical so I passed on my one of my favorite indulgences. The main drawbacks are things they can't 'fix' at this point. They are not close to anything and you have to drive or take an expensive cab ride into the city. The doors do make a lot of banging noises and the acoustics are not ideal. But I never had to wait for an elevator and never had to deal with large crowds even though there were 2-3 large meetings going on at the same time. Perhaps because they are an older hotel, retrofitting for electronic communication has been difficult. I definitely recommend a corner room. Very roomy. Plenty of lamps. Real comfy mattress and fluffy pillows. Rubber bathmats would be very helpful in the slippery tubs. A colleague reported she slipped and fell, being saved from a calamity by grabbing the shower curtain. I used my cotton bathmat which worked ok. Anatole? Are you listening??  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snowmaninsnowcountry
<Content>A City Within In A City I was at this property the other week on a business trip and in a few words it is..... very large, and interconnected A City within A CityRoom was very good and well equipped, with all of the Hilton extras you come to expect.Customer service was very good by the staff, and always willing to assist in any manner when asked for anything.The Hilton is a convention mecca as there were several meetings and different groups present every night that I was there, and the crowds do not appear to fill the place up. The design and layout handles the huge crowds, so there is never a crowded feeling any time.I had dinner in the Terrace one night and found the food quality fair compared to what I have experienced in Italian dishes in the areas of Pasta. Prices were somewhat higher compared to other comparable restaraunts and what I disliked is that everything is Alacarte.The Mexican restaraunt is excellent, and offers good value and quality.Internet service is quite expensive, with the $7.50 connection and then .50 per minute with a guaranteed 15 minutes required. But when you need it, they have you........Concierge service excellent and alway's ready to assist your needs of the moment.Overall I would stay here again and it is defintely a convention mecca and business persons paradise.It would also be a good getaway for a weekend for you and that someone special, that is looking for the different kind and somewhat elegant atmosphere.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Taz-n-Figment
<Content>This is a big place... My family and I stayed this past Friday night in a corner room in the tower. We have stayed here many times over the last 2 years. The corner rooms are much larger than the standard rooms. The extra space contains an oversized sitting area with 1 chair  couch w/pull out queen-size bed that was very comfortable for 2 kids (under 10 years old). The views out the window were fantastic (rooms ending in -66 are on the SE corner). All the rooms in the tower are recently refurbished (within the last 12 months), and are styled, not overpoweringly, in a distinctly Asian theme. The tower rooms feature tiled, glassed in showers and flat screen televisions. The kids were upset that we couldn't plug in the playstation or dvd player (there is a sticker of RCA inputs on the tv, but no actual inputs).In the Atrium building, there is an indoor pool for the kids  adults that works well in the winter. There is another indoor pool near the gym which is in a separte building out back. The outdoor pool is back there as well, on the other side of the garden area. The gym is pretty well stocked, almost like a mini health club. It has lots of cardio machines, and quite a few weight machines with free weights as well (although the weights and weight equipment look 20 years old).The atrium side of the hotel tends to be louder as all the rooms open to the atrium. The tower rooms are limited to the noise on your floor (which has never been a problem for us). You'll also walk further to your car once you exit the hotel (versus a room in the tower).There's alot of Chinese artwork throughout the hotel (the kids love the two large elephants outside the meeting rooms near the tower). There is a nice walking area around the garden out back that ends at a koi pond.A strong negatives is the parking situation. The hotel charges for it and it seems like you never know which lot you'll get as they have conventions frequently that take up a lot of space in a very short period of time. Another negative is there is nothing to see within walking distance other than market hall (which is empty unless there is a show/festival going on).The hotel is roughly 30 minutes from DFW airport and about 15 minutes from Love Field. It sits on the west side of Interstate 35, about 5 minutes drive from downtown Dallas.All in all, it is a nice place that offers alot on its expansive premises.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	2	4	5	

<Author>Monaco98
<Content>Basic Business Stay The other reviews here are pretty much correct:- This sprawling complex is HUGE-really more like several interconnected hotels in one.- It is not downtown, and at least 30 mins from the airport. You will need a car/taxi to go anywhere. - While there is (I'm sure very purposely) no reason to leave the complex if you don't want to, you should, if only to see the 6th Floor Museum / Dealy Plaza, the Dallas Art Museaum, a good steak house, etc.- Not cheap if you are not expensing everything: $5.75 for a Shiner Bock at the bar.- Elevators and cleaning staff are loud--ask for a corner room if possible.- Was told by friends that the adjascent Hilton Garden Inn was nice and much quieter.- the heated patio and outdoor sculpture garden / jogging track were a nice added feature.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	4	

<Author>kaybabee
<Content>Nice hotel , great service This was a nice hotel, from the minute I checked in until the minute I checked out. I went to a convention and everything was great. The staff was great, very nice, asked me if I was doing ok, very polite. The room was nice, the desk chair was wonderful, the Herman Miller ones. The breakfast buffet was great also. Overall I had a great experience.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>taylorfan
<Content>Beautiful but flawed This is a beautiful hotel, with serious problems with their operations. I had several problems with my room and bill during a four day conference.The first room I stayed in the bed was broken. I reported it to the desk the next day, when I returned to my room after a busy day of meetings and activites the matress was turned over on its side revealing a busted bed frame. I called the from desk and was moved to another room it took over 30 minutes for all this to happen and did not get to a new room until after 11:00pm.The second room had a toilet that would not stop running and the phone did not work.When I received my bill on the morning of check-out there was a charge for $54 for a bar tab I did not make. I had to go to the front desk to get this charge removed from my credit card.Please check your bill before you leave.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DavidandAngela
<Content>Updated rooms are very nice.. My wife and I live in Dallas but stayed two nights while attending a ball. We stayed in The Tower (be sure to ask for it) which has been completely updated and renovated. The bed, room, desk and lighting in the room was very nice. The bathroom, though brand new, is still small but okay. Towels were fresh and excellent. Good hair dryer and a magnifying mirror, mouthwash, and the usual other extras. The shower curtain was on a curved shower rod which we like.The elevators were very quick with very little wait even during busy times. It was an easy walk to most areas of the hotel and The Verandah Club, the $15 extra health club facility.A bottle of water out of the mini bar was just $1.75 (reasonable by big hotel standards) and the coffee brewer was one of those by the cup machines. We liked it very much. There is a Starbucks-like set up in the hotel's bar area at the bottom of the elevators that was quite reasonable! A BIG cherry danish served on a plastic plate with plasticware was $2.50. I brought my free hot tea from my room and had a nice quick breakfast in their bar that is in open area of the lobby.The HVAC worked splendidly, water pressure and hot water were great, and morning newspapers were welcomed. Yes, the doors are heavy and slam loudly so be careful. That said, we never heard anyone in the hallways or other doors slamming. Nice.We had dinner in The Terrace Restaurant. There were only 4 tables full the entire time we were there. The problem with that is that waiters are LESS attentive when there are fewer people dining. My wife's side dish was completely forgotten and came out after having to hunt down the waiter and ask for it. To their credit, they did not charge us for it. All in all a good meal that was prepared fairly well.We tried to use the main hotel pool but it was closed due to chemical treatments. We insisted on being comp'd into The Verandah Club which was only okay. There was an out of order sink in the men's locker room, rusting drain troughs in the pool and yucky tile in the yucky jacuzzi area. In the summer it is probably much nicer, but on a February morning it was not very pretty.The Anatole has added a Charge per day parking lot in the last couple of years so be aware. Their valets were cheerful and efficient as were their check in people.There is a Denny's across the street within walking distance for those who want to eat a little cheaper. That said, the quickie food in the main open atrium area is reasonable for breakfast, but a bit expensive (like most hotels) for lunch.We prefer smaller hotels but, overall, this was a good stay.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Suomessa
<Content>Not my favorite Hilton I used to live in Dallas, and always used to think it would be fun to stay at the Anatole. I got my chance last week, and having booked for 2 nights, left after the first.It wasn't terrible but it was a bit devoid of atmosphere. This is partly due to the location, hard up against 14 lanes of traffic in a slightly dodgy part of town and partly because of the hotel's sheer size. Maybe it would have been better if I had been part of one of the conferences, but it seemed like a lonely place. I might have been put off by the surrounds though, which were gloomy.If you stay on the executive levels (about floor 24), you need to go down to the ground floor to catch the (one) elevator up to the 28th floor. It's a large hotel, so it takes forever to get all the way down and then up again. Those rooms seemed to have been recently renovated - quite reasonable looking and very large - although they did smell of paint as of early Feb 2008.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Barnacle420
<Content>Hmmmm...be careful! I am a business traveler and a Hilton Diamond VIP. It seems to me that this hotel's primary function is to extract as much money as they possibly can from their convention customers. To be fair, the room was fairly large for a standard room, and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was small. The closing and slamming of the doors by guests and housekeeping was extremely LOUD!!!Self-parking at the Anatole is $15 a day. There isn't another hotel in the immediate area that charges for parking. When I brought up the parking charge the desk clerk gave me a free pass for the week. When I left the parking lot for the first time and was asked for my room number, I asked if I was going to be charged. I was told that I would not be charged all week as long as I had the pass. When I got home and looked at my bill I found out that I had been charged parking for each and every day! Executive Lounges at most Hiltons are where Hilton VIP's get free appetizers and free drinks. To get to this lounge you have to use a specific elevator and press AND HOLD IN the button on the side of the frame. Of course, no one told me that when I checked in! The ONE beer that I thought was going to be free was $5.75! When I tried to pay cash I was told that I had to use a credit card or charge it to my room! They wouldn't take cash! Also, the appetizers were very cheap for a hotel of this size and supposed stature.They also charge for the exercise facility. Surprise, another $15 per day! I got it free because I am a Diamond VIP! They gave me something free that most hotels do not charge a dime for!I ate at the Mexican restaurant at the hotel. My enchilada was cold and my bottle of beer was $6.25! I guess the $5.75 that I paid in the Executive Lounge was a discount!If you stay at the Anatole, make sure that you know what you are getting and not getting. Watch your bill each and every day!I expect more from Hilton, and usually get it. Not at the Anatole...  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>patriciaforesta
<Content>Jessee at the Front Desk was very focused on Customer Service Jessee at the Front Desk was very focused on Customer Service!Great Job , Great Room -Thank you!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viajeelmundo
<Content>Nice Hotel for Business Stayed here on a recent business trip and was nicely surprised at the accomodations.Pros:I was able to check-in hours before scheduled.I was given a conference room/bedroom - meaning a murphy bed was in the room along with a seating area and a 12-person conference table for conducting business. The room was extremely clean as well as the bathroom. Everything was updated in the room.Starbucks in the lobby.Mini fridge in the room.Cons:Check-in Staff was not very friendly.Most of the rooms are a great distance from the elevators.Hotel is right off major highway.If you venture out of the hotel you need a car/taxi, there is nothing within walking distance.It is over a 30 minute drive from airport.This hotel is not in downtown Dallas.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nwadnelson
<Content>Great Hotel The Hilton Anatole was recomended to me while searching for a hotel to stay while we were in Dallas. The staff was friendly, and would go out of their way to please the guests, and they were completely booked during our stay due to the Cotton Bowl. The room was really clean, and didn't have that weird hotel smell. It was comfortable place to stay. The only complaint that I have was out of the six places to eat in the hotel, all of the them were reserved for the Missouri Tigers. Luckily, my inlaws live in Dallas, and they picked us up to take us to dinner. We plan on going back to the Hilton Anatole this May during our next trip to Dallas.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rcbbgb55
<Content>Does Paris manage this one? Wow, this could be a great hotel. The problems were many, so many in fact it was comical! After stressing with the lost reservations and wrong room assignments I decided to start laughing at the whole situation. I think I spent a total of 16hrs on the phone before and during our stay just to work out small issues.After the initial errors, we were turned away from the executive club (which we paid for) and the health club (which we paid for). I wondered if this was just the holiday from beyond. We finally worked out all of the problems and went on to enjoy the Stars hockey game. Same problems next day. We received may apologies, but nothing else.The bill arrived on our last day and we were charged for valet parking two cars. Funny, we only drove one. If you plan to stay at the Anatole, make sure you double check your reservations before you leave home. Talk to a manager and document everything, including names of people that make you promises. Also, plan on spending lots of time on the phone to fix the problems they make. Too bad it is so poorly managed. It could have been a great hotel. We ended up laughing at the entire situation and making it a good weekend. Hockey - great! Galleria - great! Traffic - not that bad.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>porscheturbo
<Content>Hit and Miss Was there for 4 nights for a conference. Hotel was undergoing renovation but disruption was minimal. However, power was out one morning for about 15 minutes. Also, the fire alarm went off at 4:00 AM and this was very disruptive.Staff is ok and the rooms are pretty good.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>travelingfamily5
<Content>Wonderful experience! Booked with a nearby convention. Beautiful lobby and grounds, large beautiful room (3rd floor corner room), great restaurants and bars, quiet despite large crowds, plentiful staff who were helpful and friendly, cab service available, easy access to tollroad to Galleria, convenient parking.Not perfect - couldn't get king bed, a/c in room didn't cool very well (a friend on the 7th floor said she froze), expensive food, no maid service (did immediately bring up clean towels when requested).Overall a great experience - I've never stayed at a perfect hotel.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelagentsusan
<Content>alittle disappointing Every year my husband's company has the awards banquet and then puts us up overnight. This was our third trip to the Anatole, and the first time was fantastic, last years was not as good, but this year it was the worst. The Anatole is lovely, and the rooms are nice, not 425.00 a night nice, but nice, the beds are wonderful. We stayed on the 14th floor and as heat rises,  we felt like we were baking. Even with the air on high, we still roasted all night. In the morning we took a shower and the shower head was limp ( to wash off the soap we had to reach up and hold it and point it where we wanted it.) This could be so great, they just need the details to match the promise.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>ugobananas
<Content>Surprisingly poor for a Hilton The decor of the hotel was interesting, but seemed sparse. The brick walls took away from the oriental feel that it seemed to be going for.Bedrooms were average, but I'm not used to a nice hotel like this having full sized beds instead of queens in their double rooms - my husband and I are both tall people and we were pretty cramped in our bed.Bedding was comfortable. Mini fridge charges you automatically for items if they are removed for more than 3 seconds, which we didn't find out until the next day after we had spent some time looking at some of them. We were charged for a few things we didn't use. Rather annoying.No fan in the bathroom - ? Had to wait a long time for mirror to unfog. They accidentally had as set to check out a day earlier than we had reserved the room, even though we had confirmed reservations a few days before we arrived. Thankfully this was taken care of without a major hassle.The elevators had some serious issues - sometimes you'd have to press the button several times for one to come, and some of the doors wouldn't close until you pressed close door - which you didn't realize until the annoying buzzing started.Also, one time, we pressed down and an elevator arrived with the down arrow lit. We stepped in, pressed our floor (one - and no other buttons had been pressed) but the elevator went up to the 7th floor, where no one was waiting, and THEN went to the first floor. Strange. Another time, one of the people we were traveling with said he had to take the stairs because the elevators were not working at all.The staff were average, didn't seem terribly friendly but weren't rude, either.Location was pretty bad - the only place to eat, within walking distance, was a Denny's - otherwise you had to eat at the hotel restaurants, which were overly priced and had mediocre food. Also, only a few blocks from a pretty bad area of town - all the windows of the rundown shops are barred up, etc. There are better hotels to choose from in Dallas.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	1	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Service-101
<Content>Disappointing serivce and product, would not recommend. Stayed for (5) days with a company meeting and was dissapointed on all sides. It began with changing rooms three times for various problems. The tower rooms are old, run down, and falling apart. Carpet was dirty and everything smelled old and was worn out. Immediately asked to be relocated, and was placed in the Atrium Tower. Room had such bad connecting doors, could here a conversation as if door wasn't there. Again asked to be moved, and each time I asked for help, I was told to come to the front desk before anything could be done, never offered to help or address the issue. The food as one of the greatest disappointments, would not eat at the hotel again. Lastly, the service all around was rude and short tempered. From the front desk who really did not care to help a guest in need to serving staff in the dinning establishments, to the gift shop rep, who offered to charge to the room, then said it was a complete hassle and could take 10 minutes. Ended up taking 30 seconds but was too hard for him to do without complaining. All around, will not be staying with this property again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>FPBlues
<Content>Not a great experience! Checked into this hotel on 8/16/07 for a convention and check-in was very smooth. We were given a room on the 12th floor and be forewarned when you get out of the elevator it is like a sauna. Our room was not cool at all, so we cranked the A/C down and went out for dinner. Upon returning the room still wasn't very cool, but we thought it was just slow to cool. Bottom line, we were miserably hot by morning and while they did send a repairman, it never got cool and we had to beg to be moved to another room for the remaining two nights of our stay. Spent most of the second day waiting for another room to be ready for us. We had asked to be moved by 9:00 am and did not get into another room until 5:30 pm! All we got was a $60.00 reduction on our bill! On top of this, the bathrooms are only big enough for one person at a time and the commode wasn't working properly either. Advice: ask for a room in the newly renovated tower because the rooms in the smaller atrium building obviously have not been renovated. The public areas of the hotel are really beautiful and sculpture is gorgeous. Verandah Spa workout facility is amazing and they do have a really nice 1/4 mile jogging track, but these are the only positives I have for this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	1	2	1	

<Author>tcancienne
<Content>Just okay to me I stayed at the Hilton Anatole in July 2007 for 3 nights. I attended a conference there, and was busy with it most of my visit, so I did not leave the hotel during the three days. Check in was okay, no real problems, but staff is not overly accomodating. Very dry, no smiles, just like robots, not rude, but not friendly either. I was sharing a room with 3 other adults, and we were quite cramped. Beds are doubles, not queens, so it is small for two adults. Hotel is huge, with lots of restaurants, shops, nice atrium, etc. Our meals were catered by hotel, and all were done very nicely. Food was presented well, was delicious, and service was good. I did not eat in the restaurants outside of catered events. It was very expensive. If you stay here and want to enjoy the amenities of the hotel, bring your good comfortable walking shoes. It is a hike from one area to another. Overall, it was okay for the convention, but I would not choose to stay here otherwise, on my own. Business center is available, but very expensive to use. This hotel caters to large events and conventions, and does a great job at it.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>mashizzle20
<Content>Not what I expected I went to Dallas for a conference. It was my first time there and the first time I had ever stayed at a Hilton. The lobby was incredible. It was very large and just looked very sophisticated. There were little shops to the sides and even a bar. The room looked like any other hotel room. There were two beds, a mini fridge, a desk, and tv. The bathroom was very small and there seemed like barely enough room to open the door. There was internet connected in the hotel but it was basically impossible to pick up in your room. The valet parking was very nice. The bar was kind of awkward. There were middle aged business men and women in there drinking and acting crazy on the dance floor. We had breakfast there every morning and there was a great selection of breakfast foods to choice from. We ate lunch there one day and the food was priced a little heavily but it was pretty good. Overall, it was a nice trip and a nice stay.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	4	

<Author>Brea_CABookworm
<Content>One annoying problem Staff- I've stayed at hotels with decent staff, these staff were the best. Halls very hot but there was air condition in room. A must-visit.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bigbaldjohnny
<Content>Parking 15 bucks in a hay field?? The Anatole is something, thats true. It stands out.Pros:Nice HHonors room and lounge with a great view of downtown Dallas. Nice size marble counter bathroom. Cons:Aging, cracked paint, decor in the common areas was sparse and eclectic. The desk phone didn't work but who cares in the days of the iPhone. They roasted me on the cost of parking - I'm sure there are better values in the area including the Renaissance and Sheraton Suites  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>onoman
<Content>quality hotel for business meeting with museum quality art collection Recently stayed at this hotel for the first time. Found the experience to very good. Check in is a breeze, room was very nice, bathroom a little cramped-- sufficient. Food was very good. Tried the gym, lots of equipment, indoor and outdoor pools, indoor and out door track and tennis courts. Meeting facilities were great. Also several shops for some souvenir shopping. Like most hotels in Dallas it is pretty spread out and there is some walking involved getting from meeting rooms and hotel room. What was really surprising was the amount and quality of the Asian art located around the hotel. Found out that it is part of an extensive private art collection by the people who own the property. Don't miss the amazing jade horses in the Nana Restaurant on the 27th floor.Would definitely stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>samsela
<Content>Worst hotel experience One of the worst hotel experiences I have ever had.I was in Dallas on business and reluctantly booked the Anatole (after previous negative experience with a reservation not honored).I arrived at 11AM and they did not have a room available, so we checked our bags and they told us that as soon as our requested room was available, (king bed no smoking) they would put it aside for us. So we went to work and returned to the hotel in the evening. There was no room set aside for us and we were told we got the last available room. However, we were put in a smoking room on a smoking floor and were told there were no other choices because they were sold out. The managers refused to meet with us or speak with us. We spent FIVE nights in the most rancid smoke infested room. When I got home and unpacked everything I own, including the suitcase was smoke infested. I also received zero satisfaction from customer service after my stay, they do not care.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>RBTexas
<Content>HIlton Anatole is nice, but a little on the pricey side for what it is I stayed here overnight a few weeks ago. I like the Hilton family of hotels, am a member of their HiltonHonors club, and am usually pleased.This hotel is very nice, but I'm not sure that it is that much nicer than some that are less expensive. I was upgraded to a junior suite which had plenty of room, a very comfortable king bed, and a decent sitting area. The bathroom was a little small.The hotel itself is very clean and pretty. I stayed in the Atrium wing which is very open and airy. The hotel is also massive.All of the staff were exceedingly friendly and I have no complaints about the stay.I do have one gripe about the Hilton chain in that they charge for internet at all of the high end hotels, unlike the Wyndham, etc.I would highly recommend the Tex-Mex restaurant in the hotel. I am somewhat of a foodie, and was very, very pleased with the food, the service and the margaritas.Overall I would recommend the Hilton Anatole, and would highly recommend it if you can get a deal.  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kiddogo
<Content>Huge Hotel--Good All Around I have been frequenting Dallas on business recently and have stayed here three times over the past two months. Have previously stayed at the Magnolia (the place is needs new leadership and a face lift) and the Embassey in Addison (OK for business). The Anatole is massive with two buildings and another separate fitness club building. I am Hiton Diamond but tend to be frank. The rooms I have stayed in were all upgrades including two suites. Rooms have been massive, clean and consistent with my Hilton experiences. Bathrooms are small but all functional. Executive lounge is a misnomer. Bars are well stocked and there are plenty of them. Ate one night at Nana's and if you are on a corporate expense account, go for it. If not, ask the concierge for help. Good solid place to stay just outside the downtown area.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RichieRichPhilly
<Content>Proceed with Caution I stayed from 3/2-3/4 in the tower and it was one if not the worst hotel room experience I ever had. I asked for a kingsize room and was given a room with two at most full size beds. I was on hold for room service for 13 minutes only to be told that it would be 50 minutes to get the food. The room and bathroom both had wallpaper peeling off. The bathtub was PLASTIC and the bottom slippery and dangerous. The toliet took two flushes each time to work.The food was fair and the service was ok.I have stayed in everything at meetings from Red Roof Inn's and AmericaSuites to Westins, Ritz's and Mandarin Orientals. I can only descirbe the room with one word GROSS.I called asking for a change of room to the type I asked and was told that I probably would not do better because this room was special and on the Executive Lounge Floor. Wow, I felt so touched and honored! I absolutely would not get anywhere near that hotel ever again. I just wanted a room with normal amenities, a bathtub that was not PLASTIC and beds that were the size I had been promised when i made the reservations.Proceed with caution!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelmutt1
<Content>Nice hotel, large, needs some room updating Guest rooms could use a little overhaul. Beds were comfortable, but some areas of room/ bathroom were a little shabby. Room was a decent size with nice double-sink vanity area in bath. Hotel is very large. Service was good by all staff. Friendly. Good food at several of the bar/restaurants.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>travelerNSD
<Content>Stay somewhere else I'm an Hilton Honor's Diamond VIP as well as a Marriott Platinum member, so I've stayed in my fair share of hotels. The ONLY saving grace for this hotel is that I had free usage of the racketball courts next door at the Verandah Club and Spa, but this was only due to my status. Checkin at the tower was quite lengthy, especially when half the people in line were returning with card keys not working (some had mentioned that they had to return up to 5 times!). The first night I was put in a room on the 26th floor of the Executive Tower, but in a room that had two doors to connecting rooms, which I dislike and which became very apparent why at around 1am in the morning. Suffice it to say, there was a travel agent convention at the hotel and they had a Las Vegas night, the woman next door obviously had too much to drink and took the Vegas slogan of What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas to heart and applied it to Dallas. Let's just say that she met someone at the convention and the connectng door was so thin I thought I had an adult movie playing on the television. The first thing in the morning I requested a new room and requested that they get me a new room and move my suitcase and 2 shirts in the closet, when I returned that evening I found that my request wasn't followed and I had to move my own things. Instead of giving me a key to the new room and let me move my things right then, I had to go retrieve my luggage, drag it all back down to the registration desk, wait in line again, get the new room key, then drag my belongings up to my new room. Then I find out that my room preferences on my Hilton Honor profile (non-smoking room, high floor, away from elevator, king size bed) were completely ignored and I was placed in a room next to the elevator on the 4th floor with double beds. The only saving grace about the double beds and pillows was that they were much more comfortable than the King size bed on the Executive floor. The internet was sub-par, keep in mind that I utilize the high speed access in hotel rooms as part of my job, the first night it took at least an hour to successfully go through the charge screens (yes, they charge Diamond members) and connect to the internet. And unlike all other hotels that I stay at, there were no directions available regarding the outgoing smtp server to be used for the mail client. Forget the support number they give you, I called and asked specifically for the outgoing server and either they didn't know what it was or they refused to give it to me. Oh yes, if you should have access to the Executive Lounge and are not on the upper executive floors, you have to request access to the Executive Lounge, it's not a given. If this is the treatment they give a Hilton Honors Diamond VIP member, I would not want to be a guest with a lower status. Both the hotel rooms and Verandah Club are very tired and need a major refurbishing. I would not recommend this hotel to the casual nor business traveler. As with mentioned by another poster, it appears that the Hilton Garden Inn next door is newer and probably not as tired. For Marriott members, there is a Renaissance close by as well.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	1	2	1	

<Author>juniper1
<Content>Nice Meeting Accomodations I stayed at the Hilton Anatole for a large group meeting. The entire hotel is very clean and well-updated and all of the food during the meetings/dinner was excellent. My largest concern was that the walls in the rooms in the atrium area were paper thin; I was able to hear the man next to me and his coughing/sneezing, etc. One of the nights during my stay the man apparently had the stomach flu, for I heard vomiting during the entire night. The front desk staff moved me without hesitation which I was grateful for. I would recommend a corner room, as you cannot hear the other guests around you. Overall, a very nice place to stay when you are far away from home.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>rporter8555
<Content>Great Service My company booked about 50 rooms for a trade show in town and held meetings in the hotel. I stayed there five nights and enjoyed my stay very much. The hotel is large and luxuriously comfortable. The bed is as good or better than Westin's. The pool and hot tub was great. The staff was eager to please, the bell captains and bell hops were prompt and courteous, the wait-staff in the Terrace and La Esquina restaurants were very good. The service and set up in the 27th Floor Honeysuckle and Rambling Rose rooms was awesome with a very nice custom-made ice sculpture and buffet service (great shrimp!).When I set up for a presentation in the Emerald Room, the hotel technical support team went above and beyond the call of duty in helping me set up my projector with their screen and their sound system.The only mishap of the week was on check-in when the desk wrote the wrong room number on my key slip, which caused delays in delivery of my luggage and presentation materials to my room. Fortunately, the bell captain took care of my things and all was well.The only improvement I could suggest would be that they hire a few more bell hops. If you are in a hurry, plan ahead or expect to wait a while for luggage pickup.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OrlandoBistraveler
<Content>Unplesant situation I woke up to a gurgling noise in my bathroom in room 679.When I went in there the sink was filled with water containing fecal matter.The vanity sink also took an hour to drain.I had this problem before in another roomI think this hotel has an inherent drainage problemWhen I went to the front desk to get moved to another room the clerk did not take any notes of my problem...i'm guessing they just re-rented the room  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>cchambers97
<Content>loved the hilton anatole The Hilton Anatole was a great place to stay, even though I live in Dallas just a great place to get away and relax. It all started with the great rate of the room which was the reason I booked this hotel. The hospitality staff was excellent from the point of arrival to departure, the food and parking was expensive typical of nicer hotels anyway. My overall experience at the Hilton Anatole was great and I would recommend this hotel to others if traveling to the Dallas/Downtown area.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>2BAnonymous
<Content>Good Value, But Very Lightly Staffed My wife and I recently spent one night at the Hilton Anatole following an event. Our stay was neither particularly good, nor particularly bad. It was just kind of flavorless...The hotel is HUGE. So huge, in fact, that there are two separate buildings. I would recommend not parking your car until you check in to determine which one you are in so that you can park accordingly (self park at $15/night is not what I would call cheap, either). But what I found most surprising is that for such a huge hotel, there is virtually no staff. There were a few valet guys lurking out front, but other than that, it was pretty much desk staff only. As we headed to the elevator, I overhead someone asking for the concierge only to be informed that the desk is not always staffed. And this is a Hilton? Hmmm.Our room was on the big side. The furnishings were pretty standard - a desk, a couch and coffee table. The bed, however, was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I have slept on in a long while. The pillows were exquisite. The A/C was a little wonky as it was either stuffy or frigid. There was not really an in between temperature.In keeping with the theme of no staffing, there was only one desk personnel for checkout. On a Sunday morning, nonetheless. Are you kidding me...? After waiting in line for 10 minutes, I gave up and returned to the room to do the expedited phone checkout. Turns out this was the wrong decision. Our $3.00 of mini-bar purchases were charged as $10.78 to my credit card. Looks like I will be calling the hotel to sort it out.So in total, the Anatole is a good value for (near) downtown Dallas, but do not expect the level of service a hotel of this caliber should deliver. If you keep your expectations low, you will not be disapointed.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>SteveBazakas
<Content>A Pleasant Surprise I got a great deal on Hotwire, and then read the reviews on Tripadvisor. I was expecting the worst.I spent three weeks at this hotel 20 years ago, and found it still to be grand and unique. OK, so some of it is a little tired, but all things considered, it's in outstanding shape. I could not find anything wrong with my room in the tower, and the view of downtown was unbeatable. You should understand that this is a convention hotel, so whoever is in town will basically have the run of the place. There are several restaurants and bars. The outdoor gardens and lawn out towards the fitness facility are still beautiful. I thought the service was very good and friendly, and I was told that since Hilton took over from Wyndham, things have vastly improved. Keep in mind that self-parking is $15 a day, as is the fitness facility (although you can get a special price for multiple days.)  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>wdharrington
<Content>Anatole Needs Some A.C. This used to be a really nice hotel, but it has slid recently. The rooms are still decent, but the air conditioning is brutal.The hotel's staff said there is nothing they could do about it. The beds are fine, the bathroom is great, the television sets could use an upgrade. Charging for outdoor parking is a new one on me too. All the other hotels in the area do not charge for parking, so why should the Anatole, especially when its outside. This is no longer a four star hotel as I've stayed at three star hotels who put this property to shame. Definitely not worth the money they're charging.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>HiltonHonor20YR
<Content>Weak excuse for a Hilton This hotel is basically a large ship without a rudder. Due to my companies policy's I've stayed at this hotel many times since it was converted from a Westin (I think) and each time is a challenging experience. I'm a Diamond member and every time I check in I have to tell them my number at the front desk. My issues have been everything from no internet connectivity, internet is free one week and according to the front desk not the next, the TV cable box did not work, loud banging doors around my room, the front desk staff forgot to give me my conceirge card, my room key would not open the parking lot gates. One week I couldn't even enter the parking lot due to the gate not working. My advice; pay a few bucks more and stay somewhere else or go next door to the Hilton Garden Suites.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	2	1	2	2	

<Author>HPK
<Content>Worst Hilton experience ever I am a frequent traveller and former Hilton Diamond member so I've seen lots of their properties. This was about as bad an expereience as I have had in 20 years of travelling. This large, noisy, convention hotel could not get anything right during my stay. The free internet service in my room did not work but I somehow got charged $10/day for it anyway, the drain in the shower was clogged, and bathroom lights didn't work. Finding a concierge to get directions to a local restaurant was a major task and when I found him, he was too busy to help me so I ended up using his pc to locate the restaurant on the internet (at least his network connection worked), and printing the directions myself. The employees were pleasant enough to deal with when I talked to them but didn't seem to have a clue about customer service. The manager gave me a gift certificate for a free night's stay if/when I come back to Dallas. I think I'll give it away to someone I don't like much....  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Gurnip
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Anatole Stayed here for two nights 1st  2nd July. The hotel is large, and has plenty of facilities.The only small snag was that after a 10 hour flight from the UK, there was a huge queue at check-in, (a blind convention). Asked concierge if there was an executive lounge that we could check-in - but apparently not - the hotel has only just been acquired from Wyndham.Adjourned to one of the bars and after an hour and a couple or three martini's the of queue had all but gone.Was upgraded to a junior suite - always a nice touch, room was in good condition with all usual Hilton amenities.Restaurant - (24th floor?), is v.good, gym is excellent and the room rate was okay $110 per night.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dezertprincess
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I stayed at the Hilton Anatole recently for an association meeting. It is an atrium-style hotel and quite lovely at first glance. Front desk staff was nice and helpful for check-in, but on a later day offered up the room number of one of my female colleagues, which is a major no-no in today's world. Of the two atriums, the one outside my room had some sort of unknown odor - I think it might have had something to do with the plants growing all along the overhang of each floor. The food (room service, restaurant and banquet food) was mediocre at best, but that might have had more to do with the person who planned the events.The room itself was quite nice, clean and everything worked well. The bed  pillows were super comfy and I loved the clock radio - it had presets to country, jazz, classical, etc. which made it easy to find a favorite station in an unfamiliar town.The hotel's shopping is excellent and the prices are actually not too bad either. I wasn't crazy about the location which is a ways from the airport and the convention center, but it would be an excellent choice for a meeting held exclusively on-site. I would recommend the hotel for business or pleasure.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	2	3	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tried it twice, never again As you're reading this, please keep in mind I'm writing this review from a business traveler perspective. Things that annoy me as a business traveler aren't necessarily the same things that I care about when on vacation. Let's see, where do I begin. I've stayed here twice for business. Once they put me in the executive tower; once in the atrium tower. Poor service at the front desk both times. Check out service was poor (I still haven't received my honors points for one stay; plus I had to call 3 times to get a copy of my bill). They don't put your bill under the door as they do in just about every other Hilton property I've stayed in. I travel a lot for work and always try to stay at a Hilton property. Because of my work travels, I have reached Hilton Diamond status. I don't expect special treatment because of my Diamond status but you'd think I'd at least get a friendly front desk clerk or a helpful attitude. I don't think anyone, regardless of their HHonors membership, gets decent service here. I had to ask for a pass to the executive lounge both times. One stay they gave me free internet access for being a HHonors member (without me asking for it); the next stay the front desk person argued with me that she's never heard of such a thing. The front desk guy didn't know where the exec lounge was located or what the hours were. Unfortunately, this is probably a beautiful property but I was so frustrated with my check-in BOTH TIMES that I failed to notice anything else. I thought for sure that my first experience was an isolated situation and gave the hotel a second chance, but I was wrong. One other thing (not the hotel's fault)....both times I was there, I needed a cab to downtown (not far, about 10-15 minute drive). Both times, the taxi drivers were annoyed to pick up a fare for such a short drive. Sorry if this review sounds overly negative, but as a business traveler, I won't stay here again. The Park Cities Hilton in Dallas has much better service and I will go back there again. Hilton recently purchased the Anatole so maybe they're just going through growing pains. I just didn't feel the usual Hilton service here. One positive note, the exec lounge had really good happy hour food and the guy that works there was very nice and attentive. They should put that guy on the front desk. :)  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Lako
<Content>Beautiful Hotel This hotel has large,open spaces inside. We never felt crowded. Service was fine, nd the room was nice, but there was only a small airconditioning vent and we could not get it to cool down properly. We were on the 18th floor, and the whole floor seemed stuffy.We ate at Nana's, a five star restaurant. The food was presented beautifully,and was very good, though the staff was not very attentive and the music was piped in. The many shops inside the Atrium had a good selection.I really hated paying $15 per day to park myself, or $24 for them to park you.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just ok The hotel had nice grounds, and some nice art. What I had a problem with was the rooms had thin walls. I was given a room with connecting doors, when i went down and asked for an alternate room without connecting doors, I was told that 90 percent of the hotel had connecting doors. Well I think that only added to the noise problem. Our neighbor's phone rang and we could here his conversation, and the toilets flushing. I would not recommend this if you want a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Major disappointment I stayed at the Hilton Anatole May 4-7 of 2006. My experience while staying at this hotel was so bad, that I vow never to return to Dallas again. First, the staff at the check-ins were quite rude and unaccommodating. I checked-in at the correct time (3:00), and was told they were out of rooms with two beds already. I was also told at this time, that they can guarantee you get a room, but not necessarily the room you booked. (and I'm a Hilton Honors member!) Not even a King sized bed, so you'd better be pretty chummy with your roommate.  I guess it's true that everything is bigger in Texas. This is a monstrously large hotel catering to conventions, where the staff acts like they are doing you a favor by just existing. It is so very large that walking from one end to the other is extremely tiring, especially if you are staying on one end and all of your meetings are closer to the other.  The pool my roommate tried was dirty and crowded. The food was OK. But the worst part of the entire trip was that we had a room in the Towers, and this room had one window that looked onto a hallway! Needless to say, the room was very dark and depressing.  Never again!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>italianchick163
<Content>Disappointed by the Anatole I stayed at the Hilton Anatole for work from May 7-11. I usually like to stay in Homewood Suites, but could not get a room there. I choose this hotel because it was a Hilton and seemed nice when I looked at the website. First off, the hotel is HUGE. It felt like it took my 15 minutes to walk to the other side of the hotel where the outdoor pool is. I was staying in Atrium I off to the left of the main check-in area. I was in room 923. This was a junior suite. I was not impressed. Being a suite at the Hilton, I expected much more. The room looked dusty, furniture had stains/nicks on it, other guests hair's in a # of locations, and bathroom was very small. It seemed dark and gloomy. The conference table was nice to spread out and work on, but I did not like the fact the room had a carriage bed. I heard the rooms in the main tower were much nicer. Also, the doors on the rooms are very loud. I was worken up EVERY morning by slamming doors. I could hear these slams not only next to me, but down the hall-ways. The walls are paper-thin. I could hear cell-phones ringing, people having a good-time, and babies crying. This was horrible when I tried to get a good night's rest after a long day. I slept terrible all week. I decided to take a break on my last day, so I went to the outdoor pool. It was a very sunny day, about 85 out. I got to the pool at 9 AM, and they were cleaning it. It took them almost an hour to get done cleaning. When they were done, a group of about ten people were eager to get in. We were told it was closed because of chemicals and they would be back in another hour. An hour passed, then two, I called the front desk and got an attitude. I asked if it was OK to go in and if someone was going to come back and get the closed signs. They acted like they did not have the time of day for me. Customer Service is horrible..nobody could help or could connect me to the right person. I got very sun burned sitting in the sun waiting for the pool to re-open. At 12:30, it was still not open so I decided to leave. They really need to work on getting in a better mood and better attitude. About the nicest people were the Valet guys and the older man who ran the news stand. I even found concierge to act rushed and aloof. Last, is the matter of parking. It cost me almost $125.00 to park here. That is crazy! Other fees are: internet, $9.95 a day, health club: $16.00 a day. Also, I did not like the location of the Anatole. I would have been better off staying in downtown. Fighting the morning traffic was crazy. The people in Dallas drive VERY fast and have no patience for tourists who are confused by their huge highways. What I did love about this trip was going to Fort Worth. I went there on my last night before I left. It salvaged the trip. It was so much fun there. More an artsy and fun crowd. Their were live bands playing (excellent), people walking around everywhere, free parking, and a wealth of things to do. I also stopped by the historic stockyards district. Was a neat place to stop for about an hour.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good hotel -- could have been better Stayed 4 nights.It was a pleasent stay however one expects free parking etc during the stay which was not the case.The room swipe card never worked on the parking barrier.Coffee maker could have been placed better, rather then next to the toilet.Iqbal Khan.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peter5364
<Content>uncaring front desk Just got back from two nights at the Anatole (April 21-23).Booked a junior suite in the tower. Asked for a non-smoking room and was put on the 9th floor (non-smoking). The room however reeked of cig. smoke. I immediately informed the front desk of this. The woman at the front desk was both incredulous and non-caring. She first told me that it could not have been cigarette smoke as I was on a non-smoking floor. She seemed perturbed to be interrupted from talking with her co-workers. When I persisted she said that there was nothing that could be done as there were no other rooms available. After more complaints from me, she agreed to have someone send up an air purifier. Both maintenance staff, housekeeping and room service folks agreed that this was a terrible smell.Needless to say the smell did not go away during my stay.. When I checked out and raised this complaint I was told that because somehow this floor is close to a smoking floor, that this has happened before. Further, he did not even offer an apology for this (his name was Ken).The hotel is nice; beautiful grounds and nice rooms (besides the odor). But., what struck me the most was the great indifference to my problem by the folks at the front desk. told me that I was out of luck -- that there were no other comparable rooms  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CATrvl08
<Content>Great hotel, nice Nana Valet parking and check in were quick. A convention was in the hotel so there was a line to use the elevators, but when they went through the line and pulled out all non-convention guests, it wasn't a long wait at all. The room was clean and pleasant, our view was the Dallas skyline and courtyard, very nice. The bedding has been upgraded, nice down comforter and plenty of pillows. The mini bar was locked and the key was not provided, which was the only problem we encountered. Dinner at Nana was fabulous, although the service seemed somewhat snobby. The wine steward was pleasant and had an extensive knowledge of reds. I probably wouldn't return for dinner considering there are many other places in Dallas to receive top notch service when you are spending $100 a plate. Overall a very pleasant stay, I would consider staying there again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SheWhoWanders
<Content>Horrible stay, but it ended up free! I had an awful stay at this hotel filled with many problems, but the management was helpful on check-out and gave me the nightly stays (2) free. My first room was musty, the a/c did not work, no windows - AWFUL!!! The second room was much better but overlooked a concert stage for a Microsoft event that went very late into the night with a country band blaring. I thought no windows was bad, but with this band that might have been a blessing. My room key on the second room never worked and I had to call security to let me into the room each time I returned - awful! The hotel was huge and full - I had to wait for everything longer than is acceptable (15 people in line at most services). There were 3 special events in the lobby, bar and restaurant areas on Saturday night - crazy! The parking was ~$14 and was too far and unavailable the second night. I WOULD DEFINITELY PAY LESS NEXT TIME AND STAY AT THE NEW HILTON GARDEN INN NEXT DOOR!!! My coworker stayed there and I saw her room - it was very nice and included free parking, high-speed internet, a complimentary business center, hot cookies and free parking. A much nicer and newer hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mutton in sheeps clothing I stayed in the Holton Anatole for a week this April and I can't believe how disappointed I was. At first glance the hotel is absolutely stunning. I was in awe while walking to my room through the sunlit atrium. I quickly realised it was all smoke and mirrors. Before I point out the problems I would like to say - the Anatole has some of the friendliest staff I have encountered while travelling. They were as helpful as possible during my stay.The thing that bothered me the most about the Anatole is that although it looks beautiful with the cafe's and bars in the main atrium with rings of rooms going up around it until you hit a glass ceiling. All this does is amplify the sound coming from the atrium. There is a nightclub off the Atrium and without fail I was woken every night by shouting and general noise from the ground level. When I asked hotel staff if they had earplugs available - they did not. I have never slept so poorly on business.Another very strange thing about the Anatole is the fact that the coffee maker is in the bathroom. Coming from a hygiene management position, I was revolted at the thought of all the germs that would be floating in that coffee cannister. Also - there is no fan in the bathroom, and the windows do not open in the room, causing it to get unbearable humid in the room when showering (I come from a dry climate)In conclusion, although the Anatole is beautiful, I have stayed in Super 8 motels that offered more comfort and amenities.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham Anatole is spectacular       Chapel off to the right  
<Date>Jan 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Yetiman420
<Content>Huge - Enjoyed the Food! I spent two nights at the Anatole for a conference that was located on site. The place is so large that the hotel rooms, meeting rooms, and exhibition halls required quite a bit of walking.This self-contained facility works well because there was really no opportunities to walk and explore the neighborhood. Fortunatley, the food was excellent. There is a casual mexican restaurant that has a fine tequilla selection and authentic tex mex (including a nice lunch buffett). I ate breakfast at the higher-end restaurant and has the best huevos rancheros of my life (a mexican fried egg dish).  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aerofl
<Content>Nice experience My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Anatole for one night for a short business meeting earlier this month. I wasn't exactly looking forward to staying at this hotel based on other TripAdvisor reviews, but I have to say, we were very pleasantly surprised by what we found. First off, we were surprised at the ease with which we left DFW and arrived at the hotel, despite rush hour traffic. From leaving the plane to entering our room was about 35 minutes. The check-in desk was well staffed and our reservation was promptly retrieved. It was less than a minute before we had key in hand and were on our way to the elevator. Our room was on the sixth floor, reached by the bank of elevators just off the reception area. We thought the room was quite nice. It was pretty much what you would expect for a business/convention hotel. The requisite king bed, chair with ottoman, armoire with TV and minibar, work desk with a surprisingly nice ergonomic work chair - however, this room had clearly been recently renovated. Fresh wallpaper, what seemed to be brand spanking new bedspread, curtains, upholstery - right down to the shower curtain in the bathroom that matched the soft goods in the bedroom (truly one of the prettiest shower curtains I've ever seen in a hotel). The bathroom was well appointed with plenty of towels and toiletries, as well as a coffee maker. Lighting was good throughout the room. There seemed to be a vaguely Asian theme in the decor and I particularly liked the shade on the floor lamp (next to the chair and ottoman) and the lamp on the desk, both which I might have chosen for my own home.While my husband attended a morning meeting, I comfortably relaxed in the room with a Do Not Disturb sign on the door and a good book in hand. I was not disturbed by housekeeping, but the constant door slamming of guests from nearby rooms was quite annoying. For the life of me, I don't understand why people can't close doors more quietly in consideration of guests in nearby rooms! I understand that some guests need to leave their rooms early but I don't think every other guest needs to rise when they do. In general, however, this section of the hotel was relatively quiet despite facing an atrium. Though we travel frequently, we wouldn't normally choose to stay at Wyndham hotels. In fact, my only other experience was staying at the Wyndham Rose Hall in Jamaica with my sister and her family over several spring breaks. However, I do belong to the Wyndham By Request program. That program honors guest requests such as bed size, smoking versus non-smoking room, soft or firm pillows, etc. They also provide an amenity of your choice during each stay. In my case, I have always requested a bottle of white wine and a snack selection (usually a small cheese and cracker tray). Sure enough, upon arriving in our room, there was a bottle of white wine on ice and a small round of gouda with crackers. Another benefit of this program is the late checkout (at this hotel 2:00 pm), which has always been honored.My husband's meeting was in another section of the hotel, which he said was quite a hike from our room. A continental breakfast was provided and he thought the selection and quality was, by large meeting standards, quite good. We ate lunch before leaving for the airport in the restaurant just off the reception area. It was relatively quiet that day despite a large gathering in a nearby meeting room. The food was good and the service was prompt and friendly. As an aside, we had dinner with family who live in Dallas at a restaurant named Fuse in downtown, just across the street from the flagship Neiman Marcus store. The food style is Tex-Asian and quite remarkable. Serving sizes are small, but that's to encourage patrons to try many small plates and share many different tastes. If you go, you must request to be seated in the upstairs open air patio, weather permitting (though even on a chilly evening there are patio heaters everywhere). Though it was very quiet on the night we ate there (midweek), I can easily imagine that this is a very lively scene on the weekends.Our previous stay in Dallas was at Hotel ZaZa (which we loved!), but I wouldn't hesitate to recommend the Wyndham Anatole based on this experience.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Great Little Get Away I thought the service was awesome!! The food was increditable. We ate at The Nana and it was first class all the way. We had a Suite and it had 2 rooms that joined an even bigger room. There was a bottle of Champaign and a cheese platter waiting with a welcome note. We got passes to the gym and even got a 90 min massage!!The Staff was good at helping me get my things to my room. My stuff was there before I even got there.Overall, I love it!!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wendyreed
<Content>Nice, but the building is more breathtaking than the service Stayed here for hurricane Rita. Check in employees seemed to have an heir about them, that was contridictory of what people expect in Texas. I'm a southern bell by the way. The guinuine hospitality just wasn't there. Both restaurants were good. The more formal one was a bit pricey for the selection. The mexican restaurant had a yummy buffet. We got a corner room, therefore, it appeared to be a partial penthouse, which had a lovely view. The hotel itself appears to be the size of a large shopping mall. I had a nice massage at The Verandah. Pool area was nice too. Bellmen were courteous. The facination with this hotel is definately about the initial view.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Anthill This place is huge - 1,600 rooms. It is a buzzing convention/meeting colony of people wearing name badges and corporate casual clothing. That's all well and good, if that's your thing. But the rooms facing the interior of the giant atrium are noisy well into the night as the conventioneers cut loose on the company dime.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Frequent_Hotel_Guest
<Content>I recommend this hotel... I would recommend this hotel if you enjoy walking what seems like miles from the front desk to the Tower Building. The hotel does have a front desk set up exclusively for the Tower Building, but the entire time that I was there it was unstaffed. Instead, the Front Desk is in the Atrium building, which means that you should wear comfortable shoes. The Atrium Building is very old. And it shows. The decor unique, not my taste at all, it looks more like a garage sale in an shopping mall as opposed to a luxurious hotel lobby.The Housekeepers seemed very nice, although most of them did not speak English. This can be challenging when you need to make a request of them. I asked one housekeeper if she would service my room next, she smiled at me with a nod, and when I returned to my room 45 minutes later, there had not been anyone in the room. I called Housekeeping and requested that the room be serviced, I went out again for one hour, when I returned it still had not been completed. I did not understand why, therefore, I called again and spoke with Trini Romero who said that she was the Director of Housekeeping. It was at this point that I understood why the room had not been serviced. Never in all of my years of travel have I come across someone with no people skills, and what appeared to be no managerial skills. She was rude and uncaring. The lounge in the hotel is nothing more than a 1970's hotel disco that looked as if it had not been remodled in years.The food was expensive for the quality.The Front Desk staff was uncaring and inattentive.The physical facilities were nothing to write home about, and the temperature control was awful. The room was blazing hot the entire time. Repeated attempts to have this rectified through Engineering were fruitless.Overall, I wuold have to say that my entrie experience at this hotel was VERY poor.If you are going to Dallas for either business or pleasure, DO NOT choose the Wyndham Anatole.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing Special The Wyndham Anatole has good services for business travelers, but is certainly nothing special. It's too big, very generic, staff is a-courteous. Typical chain don't care attitude. Rooms are small and bathroom was anything but clean. The restaurants were just OK. All in all, over-priced.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever I'm a business traveler that is away anywhere from 50 - 75% of the year. I really don't need much but I do need to have the hotel room clean. I checked in and noticed there was hair on the toilet seat and on the bathroom floor. It took over an hour for the hotel staff to switch rooms. No matter how low you left the thermostat temperature at, it was always too warm in the rooms. Since my company held a week long conference, all of our meals were catered by the hotel. It was absolutely the worst food you can imagine.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JimNin
<Content>Loud and hot. One of the noisiest hotels I've stayed in. And I got it from all sides -- noise from my neighbor (it was like sharing bathrooms), from the cafe below my room and the parking lot outside. My room was very hot -- and could not get it cooled down. My ironing board was broken as was the iron. All in all a very disappointing stay.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lwscrs
<Content>Great for price My husband and I stayed at the Wyndham Anatole for one night. We got a rate of $80 (including tax) by using Priceline. For that price, the hotel was great! We arrived several hours before check in and were given immediate access to our room. The room was spacious, although the bathroom was quite small. The room was rather warm, and did not cool off until several hours after we turned the thermostat all the way down. Even then, it was just pleasant, but never cold. My parents had a room at the hotel also and experienced the same thing. Overall, a good experience and we would return for that price!  
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Surprised of the average rating, should be worse I was at the tower of the Anatole Wyndam in room 3177 from April 25th through April 29th for a conference. It was a bad experience from the beginning. During check in at the front desk a number of the conference participants were on the phone (with management?) complaining about lost resevations or check ins. From what I could glean from the conversation they were upset. This should have clued me in to what would happen. That night I was awoken at midnight by the front desk to ask who I was. I was confused and told them that I had checked in that afternoon. The next morning after a run I could not get into my room with the electronic card key. When I got to the front desk I was informed that I had not checked in and would need to provide a credit card and ID. Since everything was in the room this was not possible. The person at the front desk was rude during this fiasco that was obviously their cause and informed me that I would probably have to change rooms since I did not check in. Only after some grumbling did she go out of her way to keep me in the room. When I complained about this situation she informed me that this was not her problem since she was just filling in.Other observations:Dirty and stained carpetsRoaches in my closetRemote did not work for the TVCharge of $16/day to use world class workout facility (considering everything else I drove the 16 miles to a Golds gym which was really nice)As mentioned in previous reports the thermostat did not work well in the room (hot) and it was mild that week. During the summer I suspect the rooms are unbearable.Food/beer are expensive i.e. $5/glass for beer in their sports barOverall:The hotel has great conference facilities for large groups. This is NOT a world class hotel for guests. I would not recommend staying here at all.Expensive unkempt dirty rooms, rude employees and very expensive food.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heather12
<Content>Very mixed quality at the Anatole I read a lot of the previous reviews and couldn't figure out why some loved it and some hated it--well now I know why.I was on a business trip and am a ByRequest member--meaning that they are supposed to have a snack for you on arrival and are supposed to honor your specific room requests. It was obvious that none of the ByRequest things had been done and it took 4 calls over two days with the last being to the manager to get it corrected. It is a large hotel, and there were some really nice elements. My room was in the Atrium tower (not the 27 floor tower), it was very clean, well decorated, and pleasant with a nice view. The bathroom was a little small and I wouldn't rate the bathroom/in room amenities as more than 3 star. TV was 25 inch. Bed was very comfortable. The most surprising thing was that the hotel food for the convention was much better than I would have expected from a place this big. Pretty nice quality buffet style food. They should have kept breakfast foods warmer though, and overall the entire hotel was pretty cold (very cold airconditioning in the banquet rooms). I went to the bar at Nana and that was lovely. Exceptional views of the downtown, excellent drinks and live Jazz--of course this is a 5 star restaurant and I expected it to be good.Overall, the hotel is probably just fine AS LONG AS there aren't any issues or problems that need to be addressed. I think they may be understaffed in terms of room service people and obviously the communication of problems isn't handled well.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>jansendo
<Content>Great for a Conference My husband and I recently stayed at the Wyndham Anatole for a conference. We have no complaints. The hotel was clean and accommodating to our needs as conference attendees. Check-in was no problem, and the staff seemed interested in our needs. As some of the other reviews have mentioned, there are some interior rooms that would be terrible - no windows. Make sure you request exterior room. Exercise facility is indeed $15 per day or $35 for 3 days. It is nice, they have everything you need. There is also a 1/4 mile running/walking trail on campus that is great. Also, you are not walking distance to anything - so be prepared to rent a car or take a taxi if you want to explore. If there is conference at the Wyndham that you are attending and would like to stay somewhere else, there is a Sheraton Suites within walking distance. Taxi fare from DFW was $35 (two people - tip not included). We also attended a Mavericks game at the American Airlines Center. Taxi fare from Wyndham to West End (we ate then walked to game) was $8.00. Overall we were pleased with our experience.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nasty  This hotel was terrible. We wanted a hotel w/ an indoor pool and are used to staying at really nice hotels. We were paying 400 per night for a suite w/ a king and queen bed. My 8 yr old did have his own room that made him feel special but my husband and I were so uncomfortable. My son's room never got below 75 and ours NEVER below 81!!! The toilet in our room didn't flush and so my husband had to walk BLOCKS to get to the lobby to complain. He called but was on hold FOREVER for the manager. When we first checked in it took at least 20 minutes to get checked in!!! Then we were in the tower and my son wanted to swim and the pool is all the way BLOCKS on the other side... They sent someone up to fix the air that night but it NEVER got fixed. When my husband went down and complained they did discount our room from 400 to 200... Still didn't matter. We were hot and uncomfortable. The queen bed you could feel the springs and our bed wasn't comfortable either. I will NEVER stay there again. The lobby is pretty but they invested ALL the money in that and they need to update the rooms, carpet, blankets, sheets, just everything!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>nitebird
<Content>Mediocre at best Nothing special- the check-in clerk was indifferent that we were there. Request a room that is NOT in the tower or be prepared to walk further than you will at any hotel in Las Vegas! Room was clean but very average. Could use a remodel. Like others have said, expect large groups. We were there at the same time as a huge group of junior high cheerleaders. there are better places to stay in Dallas.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>rossbo1
<Content>Very comfortable room, with a couple of drawbacks... For the price I got off of Hotwire ($79), my stay last night was a bargain, but beware the incompetent staff at the front desk: two young men in training finally had to get a supervisor to handle my PREPAID reservation. It also seemed that they were incredibly shy and could not/would not communicate with me, though the other workers were all outgoing and friendly. The duration of my ordeal? 15 minutes. I stayed in an older tower room, which was very quiet and spacious. Beds are very comfortable with down pillows. The bathrooms are large with double sinks and a countertop 8-9' wide. Beware the $12.95/day self-parking charge. With the amount of empty surface parking I saw, this is a rip-off, though at the rate I got and the proximity to downtown (2-3 minutes by car), I will go back.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Anatole at a great baragin price thru Hotwire! I wanted to stay at the Anatole but didn't want to pay the ususal rate. I thought I'd try Hotwire and see if I could find an equally nice hotel for a lower price. To my amazement I was able to book a hotel for $60.00 a night! When I got the confirmation.... Anatole all the way baby!!! Great hotel, clean, nice staff, parking your cars is extra!!Will certainly visit again. Will again try Hotwire for a great deal!!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best! I stayed at the Wyndham Anatole in November for a conference. We only left the hotel for occasional dinners because the hotel could accommodate all of the conference activities. This hotel has everything and more. The staff was terrific, the rooms were comfortable, beautiful, and very clean. Make sure that you sign up for Wyndham By Request (at no charge) and you will receive many extras! I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to have comfort, speedy service, and luxury.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They know how to treat even the weekend traveler. My wife and I were the lucky bidders in a silent auction held by the American Heart Association. Our trip included two round trip airline tickets and two weekend nights at the Wyndham Anatole. We had never heard of the hotel but our friends live in Dallas and it was a great opportunity to visit there. We picked November 11-14 for our trip. We arrived at 4 p.m. and checkin was efficient and friendly. I had a free breakfast coupon but it was only for one person. The front desk clerk gave us another one so that my wife could enjoy a free breakfast too. However, we were assigned a room without an outside window. Although the room was nice we called down to request a room with an outside window. The room they gave us, even though we were told that the hotel was sold out was a room with a beautiful view of downtown Dallas skyline. We were on the concierge level. The staff in the concierge room were so personable and friendly. They made reservations for us at The Old Warsaw for dinner and asked us to call them at home on their day off to tell them how we enjoyed our dinner. This is a great hotel  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very satisfied Great stay at the Anatol in Dallas. Very nice, clean, and friendly!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seattle_planner
<Content>Impeccable Service I was the meeting planner for a workshop here in October of 2004. All of the hotel staff were awesome! I was at all times surprised and delighted at their level of professionalism and attention to detail. Our workshop operates on a very tight timeline and the catering staff never dissappointed me in any way. If you look closely, you can see the occassional rough edge reflecting the property's age, but overall, this hotel strives for and attains a very high level of excellence. All of my staff were ecstatic about their rooms. Out of the last 60 hotels I've stayed at, this was by far the best.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Way Too Big This hotel is way too big for my taste in hotels. It is a convention hotel, so you know you can expect to be bombared with large groups--some wild and noisy. Other than that everything was wonderful. We expecially enjoyed walking on the grounds of the property. We ate several times at La Esquinta and enjoyed it very much. Our room was typical of the Wyndham brand of high quality bedding, chairs and work areas.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it The Wyndham Anatole is a gorgeous hotel. There are several restaurants inside the hotel with delicious food. The staff is courteous and helpful, especially the bell staff. Concierge wasn't very helpful, so I found that the bell staff knew more about the area and things to do.The night club in the lobby area offers drinks and dancing. It was fun to just watch the other patrons dance and having a good time.My room was gorgeous. One of the largest rooms I've stayed in that wasn't a suite. Very clean with updated amenities. Be sure to visit the Wyndham website to sign up for By Request membership. You will get complimentary refreshments upon check in.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value on Hotwire I had a last minute trip to Dallas mid week on June 17th. I knew the area I wanted to be in and Hotwire pulled this up as a 4 star. I got it for $72 which was a hell of a deal, but I was nervous reading some of the reviews. I think if you go when it's not hosting a big convention this is a hell of a nice place for the business traveler or someone looking for a bargin. The room was spotless, large, stylish, great view and quiet. The front desk was quick and professional, room service breakfast was good, quick and not overpriced. I wouldn't expect 5 star treatment or quality here, but it does not deserve the lousy rating it has and is a steal for $100 per night or less.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandnsun4ever
<Content>Nice Hotel Second time we have stayed here for a conference. Rooms are clean and well appointed. Grounds are lovely. Pool with swimup bar is great. The concierge are very helpful with shopping and restaurant suggestions. Did not eat on site this time. Not very happy about the pay parking as it was free last time. Overall a very nice property with friendly, helpful staff.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was good . . . I stayed at the Anatole March 3-5 for a business convention. Overall, I my stay was good. The hotel is certainly impressive in size and the room was decent. I would put it at a 3 star. The beds were decent and it was quiet enough, which is surprising for being such a big hotel. The one thing that annoyed me was that the fitness center had a charge of like $15! It should be free. You're not in Las Vegas. Anyway, I paid it my first day there and then begged the front desk to give me a free pass for the next day and they did! Which was very nice of them. Again, overall a decent hotel and if I was in Dallas I would stay there again. However, because the hotel is so large, I think it caters more to the business traveler that is there for a convention or work, not pleasure.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big mistake!! My husband and I were to be in Dallas for a wedding and decided to stay at this hotel to incorporate an intimate and relaxing weekend getaway. Big Mistake!!! We used to live in Dallas and were very familiar with the finer hotels, but choose the Anatole based on amenities and information listed on their website. We checked-in only to be surprised by having to pay $12 in order to park at the hotel (we had no prior notice and there was no other available free parking - our only other choice was to pay $17 overnight valet parking). We approached the elevator bank to go to our room, only to find a mob of attendees (apparently there for a meeting or convention....2,300 of them to be exact). It took us 10 minutes to get on an elevator with people pushing and pulling. We entered our room and it was simple, but nice - the bed was very comfortable. We got dressed for the wedding and tried to get on an elevator (only to wait another 15 minutes). We then came back from the wedding reception to freshen up before dinner reservations at Dragonfly (in Hotel ZaZa) only to wait (yes, another 15 minutes) among the mob of people for an elevator (keep in mind this was 6 hours later). We came back from dinner to have an after-dinner drink in the dance lounge (what a joke - it was filled with a handful of people that kept getting sent away because they were under-age and the dj didn't have any current music - a Sat night and it was a ghost lounge), but decided to have a drink in the atrium bar instead. There were maybe 3 other people at the bar, the drinks were okay, but the bartender was very nice and personable - he actually remembered us from a visit three years prior in the atrium bar when we stopped in to celebrate my birthday with an after dinner drink. When we retired for the evening all we heard were people running in the halls, filling ice chests by the ice machine and a mysterious humming sound in the ceiling. We went to eat breakfast the next morning (pretty good buffet in the atrium cafe, actually) and still had the 15 minute wait at the elevators. We decided to check-out via a television program they offer (but it didn't work)....so we proceeded to the express check-out, but had to wait again at the elevator banks - after a 45 minute bell-hop wait time we decided to carry our bags ourselves and had to lug our bags down 6 flights of stairs because the elevator wait time had exceeded 20 minutes by this point. When we arrived in the lobby I graciously asked if I could speak with the manager on-duty and the bell captain paged him (but he never called)...I left my name and number and did get a voice mail message later that afternoon and I'm still playing phone tag with the manager. Bottom line - if you are expecting a four or five star hotel that pays attention to detail and wants your stay to truly be a pleasant and relaxing one - do not stay at this location - the staff is polite, but they could care less if you are inconvenienced - you're just another reservation to them - management has very poor planning skills and don't really know how to run a hotel of this magnitude (if they did they would have planned better to accommodate all of their guests that weren't part of the 2,300 mob convention. We left extremely disappointed. We will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nice property but overall not a good value I stayed here courtesy of Priceline. The Anatole is listed as a four star property, but it's probably closer to three. The hotel itself is still lovely and my room was nice. (The staff said it was newly renovated, but I doubt this). The PEOPLE at the hotel are a big problem. Getting someone to fix any problem is next to impossible. It's as if 20 people run this 1,600-room operation. At check in, I was specifically told that Wyndham by Request benefits would be honored even though I was on a discounted rate. At check out, I was told this was incorrect. No sorry even.The worst thing is the $12 parking fee levied for parking in the formerly-free parking lots which cover acres of the property. Outrageous even when the room key actually activates the parking arms to let you out of the lot. Mine worked about half of the time.So, even with Priceline the hotel is just a so-so value. At full price, it wouldn't be a good deal at all.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again   showReview(1543786, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs Up!   showReview(1400635, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay at the Anatole!!   showReview(1378806, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All show, no go   showReview(1257763, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Anatole is Awful!   showReview(1224761, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED IT!!!   showReview(1219016, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service at the Wyndham Anatole on Stemmons   showReview(1037660, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed with Wyndam   showReview(860417, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too many lapses for a premium hotel   showReview(724885, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Wow!!   showReview(639918, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

