<Author>New_Traveler_1970
<Content>Better than a 'W' What can I say bad? Nothing. Great location, great staff, cool concept. Unique moderinzation of an older space. Absolutely love what you've done with the place. Clean, Cool, Sleak. Gay man's heaven.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nicolemxoxo
<Content>Give and Take My boyfriend and I made a trip up to Seattle from Portland to check out the Deck the Halls Concert. I wanted to stay somewhere that wasn't a typical hotel, which is what I got with the Ace. I first wanted to book at this hotel because of the one in Portland, which I heard was stylish, unique, and the place to stay for twentysomethings. Second, upon seeing the website and learning that you shared a bathroom with the other guests if you have a standard room, I was in (because hey, I wanted a different hotel experience). Once my boyfriend and I arrived in the city (around 10 AM), we simply parked by the Ace and asked them where their paid parking was. The receptionist was incredibly helpful and told us we could check in early and take advantage of the parking lot right then (which was a huge relief since I hate dealing with parking). With the room, it was a bit smaller than I thought it would be, which irritated my boyfriend a bit. I thought the room was cute and since we were simply there to sleep, I had no problem with it. The bed was comfy and I found the bathrooms to be incredibly clean. As for the breakfast, I loved that it went until noon (because that meant my boyfriend and I could eat a little something upon checking in). I have to give another shout out to the receptionists because they were extremely helpful with directions. The one thing that got a bit on my nerves was the noise, which kept me up that night. At the same time, what can I expect when the hotel is located in a prime location and right alongside the main street? All in all, if you like a different hotel experience that somewhat resembles a dorm, then give the Ace a shot.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gadget1
<Content>Great Downtown Value I was pleasantly surprised with the Ace Hotel. Keep in mind that this hotel offers a completely different experience. The atmosphere was young, hip, and contemporary. Basic rooms do not have bathrooms, but do include a sink. Shared individual bathrooms down the hall are very clean and have great indie music piped in. Rooms have a minimalist style and include a bed, lcd tv, several hooks/hangers, and a paid snack station. Breakfast is complementary and included a waffle bar, granola, yogurt, juice, coffee, breads, and fruit. I would definitely stay here again. It was priced lower than most other hotels in the Pikes Place Market area of Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tannermae
<Content>Wouldn't recommend it. This Hotel looks great online. Although the price is right, it doesn't make up for the cleanliness. The shared washrooms were dirty, and most all the architectural details were very worn. I have stayed at much nicer places for the same price. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>2	5	3	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>GriffoBarcelona
<Content>Cool Hotel We arrived at 8pm, the deluxe room we were given was small with no windows but a nice inside patio which was small but was an extension of our room and was somewhere to sit. We were tired after a flight from London so we just crashed. The following morning the manager asked us if we liked our room, we said we missed a window so he switched our room to a corner room which was a great improvement. We liked it and wanted to stay an extra night but the room had been requested so we checked out and went to the Hyatt for one night.The staff were friendly and the corner room we had was just fine, a little on the small side but the bathroom was big.I loved the style of the place, the staff and the location but the size of the rooms were the only gripe.I would stay there again but only for one night, and only if the room we had was a corner room with windows.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Outskirt
<Content>Ace might not be the place My husband and I stayed at the Ace Hotel in Seattle for three nights and I was excited to book the room since the style of the hotel was far more up our alley than a floral BB or a Motel 6. We were happy with the first impressions. Our room was decent sized and bright on a corner with two windows (it鈥檚 one pictured on their website) and with a Shepard Fairey wall.  We asked the desk clerk about parking, since it does state on the website there is off street parking available. He wouldn't tell us anything more than 鈥渋f you got street parking stay there until 8am when they start charging.鈥?We couldn't get any lot info from him, so we drug our luggage to the room. Once we headed to bed things got worse. The bed size is not listed on the website and I assumed it would be queen. The beds are full sized which made sleeping comfortably a little difficult, but there wasn't much sleep happening in that room. The room was above a bar, with a loading/delivery zone on one corner and a bus stop on the other. The noise was staggering and continued all through the night and into the morning when we had to wake early to go feed the meter. Also the glowing light from the hall showing through the window above the door was annoying and I never saw it turned off. The next day we requested to move (and in fairness the rest of the staff we dealt with were very nice and accommodating) but we were unable to move until the following night because the hotel was full. On a plus side, the shared bathrooms were never an issue finding one free, and the breakfast did include coffee, tea, fresh waffles, toast, granola, juice, yogurt and apples. There are also piles of good magazines available for guests, and robes in the rooms to use. The second night I slept slightly better because I used earplugs (which I do not find an acceptable solution) and we did again have to wake early to deal with the car. The third night we were moved to a smaller interior room which was considerably quieter (we downed out the music we could still hear with the fan) and it was across the hall from the bathrooms. This room, without anything on the walls, definitely felt like a 鈥渘ice鈥?dorm room. However we did sleep better. All in all I would recommend this hotel if you are traveling alone or with friends and do not plan on doing much sleeping, or perhaps you have loud roommates who come home drunk and play loud music all the time. The location is good for walking to attractions like the space needle and the market, and we did find a few good restaurants nearby. I just don鈥檛 know if I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>iseult72petunia
<Content>Great staff, great location This was 'hip'. The rooms were fun, minimalist (i.e. lacking wardrobes), and spacious enough with large windows (we could just see the water). Things that I did not realise 'hip' would include:1. I did not realise that breakfast was included - fresh fruit and the waffle machine I love. 2. I was not expecting was that the staff would be so friendly and let us check in early with our ten tons of luggage and then leave it all day on the day we checked out so that we could continue to explore the city. Everyone was so nice. 3. The location too was fabulous - just at the edge of the free bus zone, and not far from the sculpture park, surrounded by fabulous restaurants.4. Shared bathrooms, 5 on the one floor we stayed on so never an issue getting into one for a shower in the morning and the showers were massive - could not reach from one side to the other.Do be aware that there is no lift (that I could find) and that the reception is up a rather large wide flight of steps off the main street - but the desk staff do help, which is lovely.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tripp21
<Content>trendy hipster Please no more hip hotels...hip has become a mask for all sorts of hotel evils - snotty disinterested service, minimalistic amenities, cold lack-luster style...not at the Ace! The service is great, the restaurant and coffee shop are major standouts (coffee shop was open at 6:30 am!!) the whole place is buzzing with style and life. Do request a front room with a view. If you have hipster phobias this is not for you. Best location in the city, easy walk to about anywhere.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FiveAlive
<Content>Glad I picked the Ace My husband and I spent four pleasant nights at the Ace. My husband and I were checking out Seattle for our future move to the area. I was a little wary because of some of the previous reviews, but I was totally pleased with my stay.The rooms are sparse, but just fine. It is aesthetic over function. My husband said the bed was uncomfortable, but I thought it was comfy. The mattress had a thick pad on top. I liked the wool blankets.The shared bathrooms were very clean. No need to bring soap, shampoo, or conditioner: it's provided. Plus they pipe nice music in!For breakfast they have a great waffle maker, plus granola, yogurt, toast, juice, and good coffee. Overall it was quiet, clean, pleasant, and fun.Okay, yes, the hallway lights are on until midnight and do shine into the window above your door. Seems a little silly. They should dim them at 10ish. And the younger people at the desk are uber-hip and unfamiliar with the nuances of hospitality- but they are all friendly enough. The exception was Ed (the manager, perhaps?) who was awesome. I asked him a million questions and he gave me great advice. They ask you to put a door hanger out requesting housekeeping service (instead of just doing it unasked), even though there is nowhere to hang your wet towels in your room. None of these were reasons to not stay here. Overall, it was a great deal for a room smack in the middle of Belltown. It was better than I expected.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>HermioneRanger
<Content>Loved it! Super location, wonderful staff, loved the style of the place, even our 8 year old daughter loved it - and that was even before they brought in the new waffle maker. It's small and cozy feeling even though it's all white. Interesting place... we'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mariegtravel
<Content>reliably good stuff Have stayed at three different rooms here during 2 stays over the last year. Happy enough the first time to return for a second. The value is great if you can score a room with the view out to Elliot Bay. Just beautiful. You dont need any more than the minimal ACe white decor with a view like this. Also enjoyed room with large glass shower also (no view). On the last occasion, $160 is a bit much for a small room with no view or special shower features. On both visits, found staff very friendly and helpful. The location is central. Late nite pizza/beer joint across the street is key after a long night. Breakfast included adds to the pleasure.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hundredflowers
<Content>comfort and cool design       Facing bath, tv is behind me.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>zazzo67
<Content>You pay the location The location is perfect because it is in walking distance from everything. There are a lot of stairs and if you have bags it is a problem no elevator available it is clean But it is noisy because of the woodden floors and you can hear the other rooms and the street. Breakfast included is good. Conclusion : good compromise  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>HermanJacobs
<Content>At the Ace, Grunge Still Lives--And So Does Mold, Mildew        Tiny Bed, But the Metal Sink Must Be Cool Because They Put in an Extra One Instead of a Nightsta  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	1	2	2	3	

<Author>bitsycat
<Content>An ace hotel! A very reasonably priced hotel in a great location in Seattle. We spent two nights here and found the room and staff to be great. The communal showers were immaculate and we never had to queue. The breakfast was also great. There was a bit of street noise coming from below (we were on the first floor) but there were ear plugs in our room. I would also highly recommend the bar (Cyclops) below the hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>earthskarma
<Content>Wouldnt stay anywhere else!       The mirror  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mdstephenson
<Content>Great feel....but not ideal. Very hip, very contemporary......very noisy!Great room (the revolving wall into the bathroom was fantastic!) but there's so much noise from the road outside....you really will be tempted to check if there's any glass in the windows.If you plan on being out until the wee hours every night (and need to get up early) this is the place for you.....if not I'd hesitate to recommend it.A pity because the location is spot on.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coalbank
<Content>Mice I was prepared to embrace the hipster, belltown aesthetic, but can't forgive $179/night plus a mouse in my room at 11:30 PM. Come on. Further, all they had to do at check out was ask how was everything, and I would have said, gee, you have a pretty cool hotel here, but you need to deal with the vermin. Alas, the uber-cool desk clerk couldn't be bothered to inquire about my comfort, so perhaps if I share this review, they might feel obliged to equip their guests with at least a mouse trap or two. Actually, could have been a baby rat now that I think about it. Best of luck Ace Hotel, I can't say that you will get me to stay with you again.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	1	2	2	3	

<Author>orly_8
<Content>Disappointed After arranging a much anticipated girl's weekend with a friend - and an escape from children...I was MORE than excited about sleeping through the night by myself. I may have children, but I still want to enjoy hip places and cool design etc...so, rather than stay at a boring run-of-the mill hotel - we opted for the Ace Hotel's digs. In order to ensure maximum uninterrupted sleep - we booked our own separate rooms. Upon arrival at the hotel, we were informed that the hotel was full and that there was a mix-up with our online reservation and that we only had one room with a small queen-sized bed (supposedly it was a deluxe room) in it. Normally I would suck it up, and accept that this was just a simple mistake - but this time I was really annoyed. My irritation was partially attributed to the overall nonchalant attitude of the uber-cool reception person - who didn't really attempt to compensate us beyond a slightly lower rate for the room. In fact, as she checked for our reservation on her computer she printed a sheet off and refused to let us look at it when my friend asked if she could see it - wanting to cross-reference the information on the sheet against what we had written on our reservation. It was strange, so much so that it appeared as though the mistake had been made on their part - but they didn't want to admit to it, and were quick to blame the online booking system. There was almost an inference that somehow it was our fault for booking online. To add insult to injury, we were also told after shelling out a small fortune for parking at a lot across the street, that we could have had our parking at a reduced rate at another lot - not easily marked. Once in the room, we found it dingy and not as charming as the photos on their web-site would suggest. However, we did see a couple of other rooms when we were walking down the corridors, that looked a lot better than our room did.Anyway, aside from being a great location and decently priced - it was the overall experience that just wasn't impressive. A few days later I received an email from the hotel thanking me for staying with them etc...we hope you enjoyed your stay with us...etc... and I responded with an email outlining my frustrations with our accomodation. This is not like me - but this time around, I really needed to air my dissatisfaction. The hotel's manager replied with an apologetic email and offered a discount on a later night's stay - to be redeemed by May 1st, 2008. This seemed like a positive response to our negative experience and I planned to return to the hotel with my husband for a romantic get away. Well, the so-called compensatory offer was never acknowledged. In my multiple attempts to contact the manager with a specific date and weekend in my messages - NOTHING. He did not return my messages. So much for that! I don't know what happened, as there was no reply at all. I guess the hotel doesn't need my business!Anyway, perhaps my experience was an isolated case. In any event, I will not be planning another stay at the Ace any time soon.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sada74
<Content>Great value and location We stayed at the Ace Hotel three nights (a Thursday through Sunday). For the price, the location is impossible to beat. We stayed in room 107, a corner room on the front with two windows. I only have two complaints about the room: it was noisy at night (the room was directly over a bar) and my husband's and my feet hung off the end of the bed. However, the room was otherwise quite comfortable, the atmosphere was modern and fun, breakfast was good (granola, yogurt, toast, coffee and juice), and as I said before, the location was fantastic. The shared bathrooms were clean and convenient. At this price, I would definitely stay at the Ace Hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DCDavidG
<Content>Cool, but not quite right Great idea, but not such a great execution. I had a private room with a really cool hidden door to bathroom, but short cuts were clearly taken. Shower not the cleanest, bed not comfortable at all. My room had no access to natural light, but found out at end of stay I could have asked for another room. Would highly suggest rooms with shared baths instead.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	3	3	

<Author>triclops
<Content>Balanced Ace Great Hotel thats different but balanced. Nice touches combined with good value, More rock and roll than other hotels, a younger outlook provides a breath of fresh air.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>KLK111
<Content>Simple and cozy       vending machines in common area  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madjack163
<Content>Fun Little Hotel in Belltown We stayed at the Ace Hotel in Seattle for just one night, and it was exactly what we needed. We found it to be a modern, chic little hotel with clean accomodations and a friendly staff. The manager, Ed, was great! He watched our bags for us while we explored Belltown, and at one point came running after me to bring me the camera I had left behind. Such courtesy! I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HelloMisterVideo
<Content>Perfect for young travellers. A very nice clean place. Stayed in a room with shared bath for 2 nights. Parking lot is two blocks away from the hotel by daily rate (you need to obtain a parking pass from the hotel). Convenience location and close to bus stop (about 5-10 mins). Take only 10-15 mins bus to Capitol Hill. The only bad things were that there was loud noise at night as our room is facing the street (we stayed there on a Friday and Saturday night). All and all it was a nice stay.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>michelle_sensei
<Content>The Ace Hotel is Awesome! We stayed in Seattle at the Ace Hotel for 5 days and we loved it. It is in a great location in Belltown, directly opposite the Macrina Bakery, which is quite possibly the best breakfast/brunch/lunch place in Seattle, wtih fabulous baked goods.All the staff were very friendly and helpful. Upon check-in, the friendly receptionist (whose name I forgot to ask...sorry!) gave us 4 fabulous food recommendations in the city, all of which we tried and loved. Being the foodies that we are, it's extemely important to us that we get good recommendations from the locals.The room was small, but totally adequate and the shared bathrooms and shower rooms were spotlessly clean. We enjoyed the simplicity of the hotel and the little extra touches, like the adjustable lighting, music in the bathrooms, and all the free, current magazines available in the lobby. The breakfast granola was really yummy, too.For the location, the amenities, and the price, I'd say the Ace is hard to beat.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Liljanah
<Content>Very CUTE, WARM  OMG! At the last minute my husband and I decided to take a last minute, spontaneous trip for a conference in the state of Washington. The service of the staff, especially the manager made the trip for us both! I flew from Hawaiii and my husband flew in from Michigan. I arrived early and tired to the hotel, but I was accomodated immediately with a lovely room. In the first room we stayed at there was a glass shower behind the bed. How wild is that? Then we were upgraded into another chic room that had a revolving bathroom door with a mirror on it. My husband thought it was the coolest thing and would like to build one in our house. The complimentary breakfast and the mint scented amenities were nice to have. The ambiance of the place was so warm and cozy. The manager gave us a list of great places to dine at and visit and we enjoyed them all! Truly, it was the warm and kind service that made me feel at home and welcomed to the beautiful state of Washington. I strongly recommend giving the manager a raise! Thank you for having us. We look forward to making a trip back!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alisondoyle
<Content>best deal in belltown AND seattle       other view  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>relaxobey
<Content>feel good Me and my wife try to stay there every February and love it, you get to meet alot of cool people at breakfast and there is a certain amount of commraderie that comes with community bathrooms, and please remember that ALL hotel bathrooms are community bathrooms. Breakfast was refreshing ( doesn't weigh you down all day ) and it is close to everything, bars and nightlife are all within walking distance and the staff had good suggestions. This is not for everyone but if you are cool and like other cool people and don't mind sharing or interacting with other humans than this is the place for you  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>mandz4
<Content>Best value for money in Seattle A friend raved about this hotel, and i wasn't disappointed. Very modern, clean, crisp well thought out design (loved the blown up photos on the walls), fairly basic in terms of food (shared, help-yourself kitchen in the basement) - but for the price couldn't have asked for any more. Great location, close to Pike Place Market, and very friendly and helpful staff. Would definitely stay there again and again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>inntelligent
<Content>uncanny style this is not a hotel for everyone; it's highly edited, highly stylized, definately not one size fits all...think Rei Kawakubo and not Dockers...in fact, if you own Dockers, stop reading this right now.for everyone else listening, pack your old Factory kit and spend a Warholesque journey to the sublime...  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>chesterrant
<Content>Great staff, good value I've stayed at the Ace probably 6 times over the past six years. It's in one of my favorite (and incredibly convenient) neighborhoods. There's tons of stuff to do, places to eat, and great shopping all in close walking distance.The staff this time was definitely better than before. The first couple times I stayed there (in 2001 and early 2002), the staff was really aloof and way too into the fact that they were working in a nicely designed, young, trendy hotel. But now every single staff person I encountered was super friendly, helpful, and cheery. That makes it an even better place to stay!Yes, the rooms are spare, a little chilly, and they don't have huge flatscreens in them. But if you just want an inexpensive, clean, centrally located place to crash, this is a great place. If you're looking for a plush bed, romantic surroundings, and room service, this isn't your place.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Sidcuptraveller
<Content>Ace Breakfast and the staff are great! I arrived in Seattle one rainy September evening without a place to stay, thumbing through the local directory at the airport I found a BB which sounded nice, (can't remember the name). Anyway I called they were fully booked but recommended the Ace. Im so glad they did, although they had no rooms for Saturday night they were free from Sunday but advised me not to reserve a room as they had 4 left and I would have to pay a booking fee if i pre-booked.I was pleasantly surpised to find the hotel about half the price of the stand chain hotels which were a bit more central. As someone has written this isn't a place for your mum and dad but as long as you dont mind sharing a bathroom, which are spotless clean by the way. This is the palce for you, staff couldn't be more friendly recommending places to eat and things to do a little off the beaten track.Breakfast was great and lots of it and unusually for hotels in Seattle was included. I've already recommended it to 3 of my friends.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SFRN
<Content>Nice hotel with a European feel Ace was a very nice clean place and the staff was absolutley fabulous. The location was great and so was the continental breakfast. The only bad things were that our room had no AC so it was hot and there was a lot of road noise and we used earplugs. All and all it was a nice stay and I would stay again but def not the best ever  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>wheelie-bag
<Content>Belltown yes - Comfy Beds NO I live in the North Suburbs of Seattle and a friend an I wanted to have a night of fun in the city and to not have to worry about driving home. The location is great - right in the heart of Belltown and really only a couple of blocks from Pike market.The staff was friendly and helpfull the rooms were clean and efficent. They are going for a very minimalist modern thing so it is simple and austeer. We also got a room with a bathroom across the hall, there were many of them they were spaious and clean.My only complaint was the beds. The beds themselfs were lumpy and uncomfortable and the linens were scratchy.Otherwise a good experience.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kathleenanew
<Content>Ace Hotel is Aces The Ace Hotel is a stylish, no-frills, sparkling clean place to sleep. It's a short walk to the Seattle Art Museum and Pikes Place Market, as well as many fine eatries. I had an inside room (quiet) with shared bathroom and found it perfect for my short stay in Seattle, but be warned that the Ace has a lot of stairs and no elevator. Also the showers in the shared bathrooms, fully tiled, generous in proportion and clean as a whistle, have no grab bars or safety mats. That said, I love this place and wish there were Ace hotels everywhere I travel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>k_cooper_nyc
<Content>Fun, Inexpensive and Hip       my room at the ace hotel in seattle  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>buytheshoes
<Content>Perfect in every way. We stayed at the Ace in Seattle for a short time in August. It is the PERFECT hotel. All the things you need, and none of the things that you don't. Great design, super comfy, great location. The staff were so friendly, knew all the cool places to go and were so helpful in every other way. The rooms are super stylie, have great art and all the ammenities that you really need. All in all, we LOVED this place and are planning to make a sepcial trip to Portland to check out the Ace Portland (apparently, they have turntables in all the rooms, and a library of vinyl you can check out).  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meloncollie
<Content>Great Affordable Stay! My boyfriend and I stayed here this past weekend in a standard with shared bathrooms and actually found it quite suitable. The early complaints about the windows not having any privacy have been resolved; they've added shades to the windows. The weather was mild so we didn't get a chance to try out the heating, but the air conditioning works well. As far as the noise goes, we stayed in a room 114 and slept fine--but even if noise is a concern, they provide ear plugs for your convenience.The room does come with a Kama Sutra book and condoms, laid ever so complacently by the bed. The room came equipped with a sink, a mirror above it that tells you you're beautiful, a hand soap dispenser, a vanity bar area with a tall mirror, a small desk with a small TV and an alarm clock, 5 hangers, 2 of which were occupied with bath robes, and towels. There's also a very modest snack bar (basically snacks inside a drawer) that you could grab for a price.The bathrooms were clean and come with a heater. Music plays softly through the speakers in the bathroom too. We stayed across the hall from the bathrooms so that was quite convenient for us.The kitchen/lounge area has an HD TV, serves Teaosophy tea and coffee, has a vending machine with very interesting items in there (i.e. Korean Pocky, popcorn, a deck of cards, caffine gum, hangover drink mix, and the standard potato chip fare, just to name a few), a drink machine next to it that has Aranciata (but we have NO idea how the vending itself works! There are no coin slots or buttons ...), and of course ice. Continental breakfast was great--includes milk, soy milk, OJ, granola, toast, and fruit. Light, healthy but quality selection.The staff was very friendly and helpful; we'd asked so much of them (i.e. storing the salmon we'd bought in their fridge, holding our luggage while we went sightseeing on the last day, calling us a cab late at night ... and more!) and they were very willing to accommodate accordingly. Overall, our stay was pleasant. The only complaint I could muster up was that the room was stuffy when the AC wasn't turned on, but that's quite minor. Yes, the mattress isn't memory foam or soft for that matter, and yes the blankets are coarse and Army surplus blankets, but quite honestly, for a place considered a 2 star hotel and for a 99 dollar a night stay, I wasn't expecting down comforters and memory foam mattresses (and am glad they don't have it as I am allergic to down), and I don't think anyone else should either. I'd choose this over the shabby, impersonal one star motels any day. We definitely would consider this hotel the next time we visit.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>J-and-N-SF
<Content>The Ace: Not Just for the Young We have just returned from rainy Seattle, staying at the Ace Hotel in the Belltown area of the city. My husband and I were among the oldest guests of the hotel, by several years, but we never felt uncomfortable or unwelcome. Justin was so helpful when I called BEFORE our stay, recommending Dollar rental cars as they not only give discounts to Ace guests but also waive the fee for returning the car to the airport instead of the pickup site. (Both John and Jessica at Dollar were extremely nice too!).This arrangement allowed us to travel down to family in Gig Harbor and then use the car to return to the airport the next day. Justin also informed us that we would most likely have to change rooms on the last night of our 3 night stay, due to a snafu with our hotel.com reservation. Once at the Ace, we were warmly welcomed by Jibriil who showed us our room on the lower level. I was a bit surprised as Hotels.com had guaranteed a king size bed and we had a double. I asked Jabriil about the mixup (never having booked through hotels.com before) and he explained that there must have been an overlap in the booking. The room and bed were comfortable and a decent size with a large clean bathroom. I'm not that high maintenance, but do like to read at night, but there was no reading lamp in the room, just overhead recessed lighting. Jabriil came to my rescue with a small reading lamp and extra pillows. All were clean-pillows obviously sprayed with lysol between uses-but no biggie. The only thing missing in that room was a place to hang clothes and a couple more hangers. On the last night we did indeed have to move to a smaller room. Same size bed, smaller bathroom-a bit noisier as it was next to the stairwell. Still, we were quite comfortable and slept well. So the plusses: Justin and Jibriil-definitely they are the nicest guys, unpretentious , friendly, helpful. The location in Belltown is in the heart of all the under 30 hipness, but we over 30's , un-inked, non-smokers did not feel too out of place! The minuses: booking through hotels.com (I'm not sure the price of the rooms through them were the same as if we had booked directly through the hotel) and having to switch rooms. We would stay here again, but next time book directly through the hotel and request the rooms with larger beds. Still, it truly is the people who make the difference. Kudos to the staff at the Ace!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bunnywhizz
<Content>Ace hotel was brilliant!       bedroom....excuse the mess!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>radiohead5
<Content>Great Hotel The Ace is a very cool, centrally located hotel with an awesome staff. My wife and I stayed here in late June and early July and were definitely impressed. First, the location is awesome. It is located in the heart of Belltown, near great music clubs, Pike Place, downtown, and Capitol Hill. You couldn't ask for a better location, especially for those of us who like to walk and use public transportation. Note: the bus is free in the downtown area, only a couple blocks away. Also, the staff is great and provide a real local aspect to it all. We regularly asked questions on bus routes, good music venues, recommendations for local eateries, etc. We always got a very friendly response with good tips. The rooms are very clean, as are the bathrooms. All of this for less than a $100 bucks a night is a bargain. I definitely recommend the Ace for travelers who like a unique, cheap urban hotel with cool staff and design.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dylanzmom
<Content>Good Value and Location I contacted the property directly for my reservation. Staff was pleasant and helpful, our room was small but clean and quiet. Yes, there were condoms in the room, a candle, and a Kama Sutra book but we didn't mind. Bed was comfortable and there was a sink area as well as a desk. Free wireless was available which was great! A member of my family also has asthma but suffered no effects of mold while staying here (didn't see any in our room either). We opted for the shared bathroom and they were always clean and available. There was heat lamp in the bathroom which was nice when drying off and soft jazz music playing in the bathroom which I found nice. My family and I stayed here (2 of us w/a 4 yr old) and the hotel was a perfect base for sightseeing-in Belltown, blocks from Pike Market, the Waterfront and the Space Needle. Don't stay here if you don't like walking! Also, if you are taking the Victoria Clipper, Pier 69 is a short walk down the hill which was convenient. One downside was there is no stairs at the entry and they are a little steep if you have luggage. The person at the front desk hurried down right away to help us up with luggage. The self-serve light breakfast in the morning was good: juice, yogurt, granola, toast, coffee or tea which was served in lounge area downstairs where you could also watch a shared t.v. We loved our stay here and would stay again..  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Jessi9260
<Content>Not bad Overall I think the hotel is nice. It was ok for me as a single traveler. I did not care for the minimalist decor, lack of air conditioning, and lack of window screen. The website does not specifiy that there is only a/c in the rooms with bathrooms, so that is misleading. But I had a travel fan and kept the window open and it was fine. They turned off the hall light at 10pm, but this may be a bit late for east coast travelers like me. It is bright in the room until the hall light is turned off, but I'm sure they would turn it of earlier if asked. Good things-- The staff is super friendly and helpful. They carried my luggage up the stairs and back down again when I left. The beakfast is great and the setup is nice. The breakfast room has milk, orange juice, toast and jam, yogurt, granola and fruit. There are also trays so you can take it back to your room and a flat screen tv to watch. The bed and pillows were very comftorable and I really liked the bathrooms and the mint shampoo/conditioner. If I was traveling alone I would consider the Ace again. If they added some color to the decor it would be nicer I think.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Emkayes
<Content>Yuck. When we arrived, we climbed the flight of stairs with 100 plus lbs of luggage. We got to the top, checked in and were placed in the room at the very end of the hall. The walkways are lined with brown outdoor style carpet. We arrived in our room and even though the hotel is smoke-free, I began wheezing from the mold. The outer rooms are exposed brick and apparently ours was allowing moisture into the room. We checked the bathroom and it also had black mold growing in the 1x1 tiles. I went to the front desk and asked the gentleman if there was some way to check on a refund due to health concerns regarding my asthma and my inability to stay in the room. He said I had to check with Hotels.com since I prepaid and booked through them. Fair enough. He was helpful in saying that he would make a note in his computer system for verification of reasons we couldnt stay, not sure if this actually occured but we will see. Staff seemed pleasant but not very proactive in resolving problems. He didnt offer to have us check another room or to investigate our concerns with the original room.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Wellstraveller
<Content>Very hip and friendly place I stayed in a room with two queen beds and private bathrooms. The room was very large and bright with great decor, all white paint and then grey army blankets covering the white beds, looked very cool, and a long mirror along one wall, and window seats covered with white leather. Free wireless internet and a CD player. Very large bathroom, kept clean. Laundry and self service breakfast with toast and cereal and coffee and fruit. Very friendly and helpful staff, who gave us good restaurant and museum recommendations, and carried our bags down for us. A really cool place to stay in the hippest part of Seattle.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rachel&chris
<Content>Amazing stay at the Ace!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Jo_au
<Content>Interesting comfortable base in Seattle Really enjoyed my time here. Interesting decor with unique touches everywhere. Was super clean and tidy, bathrooms (although shared) were spacious, very clean and always available. The breakfast was more than adequate, fresh and simple and quite healthy, which is a nice change from the usual cardiac inducing breakfast fare served at most hotels. Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>seattle&munich
<Content>Great hotel for a non-traditional stay and true feel of Seattle! I actually stayed at the Ace 2 new years eve's ago, and live in Seattle. I've popped in on occasion to make sure they're still the same, as I always route friends and people visiting Seattle to the Ace.It's downtown, on a busy street (1st ave) and rooms on the interior have no view.But the rooms are funky modern, and if you get a room with 'shared bath', then they give you bath robes and it's just fun! You have to be OK with shared baths and a little noise (ask for a room facing the side street or back of the hotel).Otherwise, you are in the best neighborhood of seattle- accessible to seattle center, tons of great bars and restaurants (for casual try belltown pizza and cyclops- they'll surprise you with great food and very stiff drinks!, for a nicer meal out try Zoe, and for breakfast you MUST walk across the street to Macrina bakery for a morning glory or rocket muffin- all food places are within 5 blocks of the Ace Hotel), fish market/pike place, the waterfront, downtown shopping, etc. You are also only a couple blocks from the 'free ride zone' on the buses to get you anywhere you want to go downtown.If you want standard, this is not your place. If you want to experience seattle, and are willing to roll with the punches and want a little more adventure, Ace Hotel will fit you perfectly. And you cant beat the price for downtown seattle!!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>thisandthat3
<Content>I just read some terrible comments and was really shocked. I really stayed here about 8 months ago, but when I noticed all the horrible comments I just had to make my own. The concensus seems that if you're over 40 you most likely won't like this place. It's a different type of hotel, complete with condoms and kama sutra books. So anyone that's very religious might not find this too humorous, while others will think it's hilarious (as did I). Even the art on the walls weren't your typical boring hotel feel. I actually took pictures of this room because I loved it so much. Plus, the most fantastic part about my stay here (besides the great shampoo/conditioner and how the bathroom was designed in general) was the free breakfast! It wasn't your standard old banana with some concentrated OJ. It was make your own parfait, with fresh OJ and even Soy Milk. This is definitely for a certain type of crowd. And people that want something more luxurious shouldn't stay here. People that appreciate a cleaner more modern style should. Plus, it's located in Belltown, which is in walkable distance to Pike Place Market (where they throw the fish) and the Space Needle. Side note: They bought their cool Swiss blankets at the Army Navy Surplus store, which is right down the block from the hotel. Another side note: Macrina Bakery is considered one of the best breakfast/pastry places to eat in Seattle, which is right across the street from the hotel. Hope this steers people in the right direction.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycwestvillage
<Content>Ace hotel. More like a 7 of clubs. Currently staying at the Ace Hotel on business, since other hotels downtown are booked. The hotel is decent, but more like a 2 star based on my experiences. Overall my experience has been just ok. The room is a deluxe room according to the hotel, which isn't very deluxe-it just means I get to avoid sharing a bathroom. So here's my summary:Pros:Location-Plenty of bars and restaurants to choose from. Convinience store across the street. And an easy walk to downtown about 10 minutes. For those who don't want to walk, there's a bus stop right outside the hotel with frequent service. If you walk a block or two further closer to downtown, you'll be within the free ride zone to save yourself a 1.25/1.50 at rush hour.Wireless Intenet includedThe hotel is clean.Small continental breakfast included featuring toast, granola cereal and juice included in price.Cons:No elevator at the entry, so you have to climb a decent flight of stairs to the reception area. Not a big deal for the young, but could be a hassle if you've got heavy luggage.Receptionists seem friendly enough, but you can tell this is part-time work for them, and they don't seem to be all that interested in the comings and goings of people. I've walked past them numerous times at all hours of the night without so much as a look up to see who is coming into the hotel, or to give a simple greeting.Rooms are small, just enough for a bed, and a tiny desk and chair. And I'm in the deluxe. Decor is trying to be boutique-y, but to me it just looks like a sanatorium. Walls in the hallways and rooms are all white. There is no closet or drawers to speak of, so your luggage and clothes are on the floor in an already small room. You do have metal hangars hanging from a coat hanger on the wall which you can hear clanking at night and in the morning from the adjacent room. Bathroom is ok size, but looks cheap, with only a stand-up shower and toilet with open u-faced seating like in an airport or store, which isn't a big deal except that the towel holder is placed right above it, and to get a folded, stacked, and jammed in there towel out, it's easy to pull out the rest of them which fall into the toilet--not real smart thinking Ace. Naked lightbulb serves as the lighting for the room, which adds to the hostel/sanitorium/potential flophouse hotel effect. And the clincher is tv on a wall arm extending from the ceiling. There's nothing like a tv attached to the wall/ceiling to give you that motel feeling.Also, you have to leave a service room tag on your door when you leave, or they will not do housekeeping. They try and sell it as leaving you alone, but I think it's more about saving money.Summation: For location, and due to the few options available in this price range, this hotel is a decent option. But to call it a boutique hotel experience and charge a discounted corporate rate of 160 a night for a plain room that measures 15X15 in Seattle? That's definitely not aces.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MattBLondon_England
<Content>Great place to stay in Seattle Great hotel. The rooms are really fun - not huge but certainly different and comfortable. We stayed in a room with a shared bathroom but we never had to queue for one of them, even in the mornings - in fact, we could take our pick and they are palatious and clean. Don't worry about the noise either - our room was literally right over the Cyclops bar and if you have the window open it's noisy but as soon as you shut the window it's pretty quiet. Great location too - right in Belltown so loads of bars and restaurants nearby, 10 mins walk from the Space Needle and in the other direction, 10 minutes walk from downtown. Great value place to stay in Seattle, maybe not a place for the over 40s though.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Ace Stay We chose Ace Hotel from a directory found at a deserted stand at the airport because it appeared to be close to the Clipper terminal. It is! Had to give credit card details over the phone when making reservation/enquiry so was committed. Somewhat apprehensive on entering building and again on entering room. We are the parents another reviewer alluded to and were amused by some of the items supplied along with tea and coffee.However,the reception,the room- we were kindly upgraded, I think, in deference to our age,the breakfasts,the cleanliness, the friendliness of staff, the location and convenience all contributed to a great couple of days despite the rain.Ace has no control over the weather. Yes we would stay again- the Clipper service on 14th Jan- that's another story!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>famoussd
<Content>Ace Hotel - Great Location!!       Front of Ace Hotel  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>punky21
<Content>Perfect place to stay in Seattle!       free continental breakfast  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Airbourne
<Content>Have an open mind? You'll enjoy the Ace Hotel I was originally attracted to the Ace by the price (of course). I'll also admit the hype surrounding the Ace Hotel made me curious. I found both positive and negative hype across the internet, and booked the Ace with an open mind. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of the rooms and staff and overall value.If you've stayed at pensions in Europe and liked them, you'll be at home at the Ace. When I arrived I asked to upgrade from my single to a room with a washroom attached, imagining the worst about the Ace's communal washrooms. I needn't have worried. The ratio between rooms and washrooms is small. The washrooms are clean with a focus on white-tiled functionality.The room itself was small but I didn't feel I needed more. In relatively tiny area the Ace manages to fit in a comfortable bed, retro TV, desk and a stainless steel sink, all in an undeniably cool style. More than enough without feeling cramped.The staff was polite and interested, and offered well considered suggestions for food and entertainment. With perks like free Wi-Fi (a bit slow), free breakfast and parking, the Ace is a deal.That being said, if you are at all finicky about the hotels you stay at, the Ace may not be for you. Upon first entering the Ace you are overwhelmed by stairs reaching out of sight; note there is no elevator for your heavy luggage. The Ace sits above the Cyclops bar, a hangout for Gen Y hipsters. The music, chatter and cigarette smoke will filter up to your room. But that's all part of the vibrant area of Belltown that the Ace is in.Stay away if you're very particular about your room for the night. Stay at the Ace if you want value, location and style.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>God Bless The Ace interesting, unique, not your parents holiday inn. don't come here if you think good hotel = HBO and a Magic Fingers bed.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sisero
<Content>Not as bad as some make it out to be After making my reservation, I hesistated a little because there were lots of very opposite reviews for this hotel. A lot hated it. A lot really liked it.I have to say this is a nice hotel. It is very clean, the shared showers are clean, spacious, and even equipped with stereo speakers. The staff were laid-back, helpful, and prompt.We had a double room, with no shower, and I have to say the only complaints I had were the noise from the street (Belltown is a very busy place - apparently lots of firetrucks), and a too-firm bed (sore back). Otherwise, I liked all the little extras - the bathrobes, decor, nice TV. The location is ideal, we paid for parking nearby, and hopped on the bus or walked everywhere we went.This is not a hotel for the picky, elderly or those who like to be pampered. I admit, it is sort of like a hostel, you get the basics. We paid far less than any other decent hotel in Seattle, so I feel like I got what I paid for.Overall, it wasn't bad at all.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kriegerkaiser
<Content>Above attractive staff, cute rooms, nice locale... Was a bit sketchy about reserving a room here when I viewed the reviews of the Ace here on the website - but I did it anyway. I am glad I did.When Iarrived, the very handsome, very approachable and did I say handsome (?) Doug checked me into the hotel. He recommended places to eat, how to get around and where to find parking. He then offered to send beer to my room with ice. Not necessary at all. And wow, he was very handsome... My room was 117 - one of the rooms on it's website. Yes, the mattress was firm (I believe it was actually a futon mattress) laid upon a block set above the floor. The room was clean, complete with Kama Sutra and condoms... Only downfall was the television was broken but when the staff was notified, a brand new one was installed in the room.The shared bathrooms were always clean, secure, and I felt comfortable using them at any hour of the night. The housekeeping staff, although not always easy to understand *primary language was Spanish, I believe* always had a smile on their faces and were cheery in the morning downstairs in the breakfast area. (A continental breakfast is included... just loved watching my fellow hotel mates wobble down the stairs hungover.)I will definitely stay here again when I come to Seattle... hope Doug is there. ;)  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay clear! We made an internet reservation for a Friday, then rang an hour later to add Thursday to the booking. On Thursday, we rang to let them know we'd be arriving late, they said no problem. We arrive at 10.30pm to hear: Oh, we don't have your booking for tonight. We don't have a room for you. Total apathy, not concerned at all. Says a few sorrys, looks at the reservation book, more sorrys, more apathy. Finally says, There's a BB next door then calls someone in authority, hangs up and says sorry several more times. Incompetence all around from management to employees. Completely soured our trip. STAY AWAY!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expect the worst A change of plans had us cancel our stay at the Ace Hotel. When we called to cancel - a week before our cancelled trip, we got a cancellation number. A month later, $240.57 (Canadian) had been charged on our credit card but we have since trashed the cancellation record. Given, we should have kept the number but the manager had been unhelpful, unsympathetic and snobby! Shame on them for being in the service industry. For $240.57, they have lost not only my business, but also of my colleagues and friends.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thelaughingdog
<Content>Bad Service Bad Room Bad Kharma Generally i'm not a picky traveller, and i've stayed at the ace several times in the past 2 yrs but the this last visit will be the last. The Ace is a great concept, hipper than thou warholian installation a la auberge. Knowing that some rooms are better than others I reserved well in advance and requested one of the deluxe rooms in the back. When i arrived they'd given the room to someone else offering the excuse, well, the previous guest decided to stay an extra day, and the front desk person was very rude and put out by the whole exchange. The room i ended up with was small dark and very noisy. It was impossible to sleep or enjoy staying in the room as you could hear everthing from the adjacent rooms. Nothing like listening to Cops blasting from the room next door at 1AM, or hearing your neighbors snoring, coughing, flushing their toilet, and wondering how much they could hear as well. Unless you're twenty something and planning on partying all night and coming home and passing out aka leading the psuedo rock star life style i suggest stearing clear. There are plenty of other places in the area to stay.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Womb-like Our room was in the center of the hotel and was architecturally interesting (our headboard was a floor-to- ceiling plate glass shower wall) we had a patio, but no window. It was quiet quiet quiet. We could sleep late and take a nap in the afternoon. We were close to bumbershoot, a good but slow cafe for breakfast, good coffee across the street. Nice - relaxing - recommended.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Single rooms are like hospital rooms The single rooms in this hotel are so sparse (which is intentional, I know) and ugly that it seemed like we were trapped in a hospital - all white walls, sink basin in room, small rectangle shape.The beds are hard as rocks, the blankets are rough, and it's really noisy.This is the most overrated hotel I've ever stayed at, and I'm a fan of 'modern' stype hotels.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant surprise Two old ladies, returning from an Alaskan cruise, drove up to the Ace Hotel in a cab. After having wrestled with eight pieces of luggage for several days, they were dumbfounded to see that the hotel is a walkup.No problemo. A couple fellas got the luggage both in and out of the hotel in fine form. The only thing the ladies had to do with their pieces of luggage was sit on them in order to zip them back up.Soooooo......staff was helpful in every regard, rooms were clean and interesting. Thoughtful of the maid to leave the ladies a package of MMs instead of the Kama Sutra book and a condom.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mucho $$ for a whole lotta nada ... My first stay at the ace was good: hip sublime minimal ... unfortunately it's been downhill from there. My second and third visits proved to be frustrating, irritating and uncomfortable. The rooms have been small, dark, with hollow sheet rock walls seperating the rooms. You can hear everything .... EVERYTHING. The neighbors on one side left their tv on all night (it's probably still on), the ones on the other side came home around 2AM had loud sex and then spent the rest of the morning puking in the bathroom (another reason not to opt for a shared bath). There is no service except for there front desk where you'll find a terse urban hipster with multiple peircings reading a magazine and chatting on her cell phone who makes it known that you are a bother. The place has great possibities, unfortunately they are not realized. After 3 visits I give up.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked the Ace A Lot I stayed at The Ace for 5 days this March and really liked it. It was clean, very accessible to nearby restaurants (some pricey ones though so be aware), and had a nice staff. They were helpful in suggestions on where to eat and one nice woman helped my boyfriend and I down the stairs with our luggage which wasn't necessary but very nice of her. I really liked the decor of the room too. It was simple but perfect if you're used to non-fussy places. The shared bathrooms were clean and the maids cleaned the room up nicely every day. I didn't encounter any noise problems but that is because when I booked the room, I specifically asked for a quieter side that did not face the noisey street. It was quiet and pleasant and I'm a light sleeper. The Cyclops downstairs had good food and a fun atmostsphere. One drawback I would say is that it's hard to find an inexpensive place to get something to eat in the neighborhood. Also, going alone to the bathroom at night seemed a bit sketchy because the halls were very dimly lit to look cooler, I guess but I was a little paranoid of going to the shared bathrooms without my boyfriend in the middle of the night. Other than that, I would definitely recommend the place to anyone who wants a fun, no-frills place to stay that's convenient to everything.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ick we were totally disappointed. loved the concept of the hotel, but the reality was very disappointing. room was dirty: various stains on the walls; unclean and uncomfortable bedding; broken, dirty furniture; bedside table ripped out of the wall and dangling; stains on the carpeting; stuffy and airless; on the up side, the shared bathrooms were clean; the location is good; the staff was nice, although not overly knowlegeable about the area/where to find secured parking.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hello? I'm trying to check-in! My friend booked this hotel so that we wouldn't have to drive or take a taxi for a weekend in Seattle. I loved the look of the hotel. We got a deluxe room with a private bath. The only downfall of the hotel is its staff. My poor friend spent about 20 minutes drive around looking for parking while another friend tried to get the front desk clerk to tell her where we could park but he was too busy on a personal call to talk to her. We finally did find parking on our own. He seemed sort of blas茅 about the entire thing. Well, besides the staff, I loved the hotel and we had a great weekend. It truly is a fun and eclectic place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cold, noisy, non-functional   showReview(1497515, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Glorified Motel   showReview(1424617, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgorin79
<Content>Good Clean Fun   showReview(1383524, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and simple!   showReview(1364133, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location!!   showReview(1346435, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No way, no stay...   showReview(1275953, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The flophouse was a flop   showReview(1258001, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over 30? Skip it.   showReview(852082, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost but not quite   showReview(838817, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>This hotel Rules!   showReview(593325, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Styl茅, sympa, pas cher   showReview(11316167, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s d茅莽u compte tenu du prix   showReview(11351915, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

