<Author>Renee001
<Content>Marriott ok, amenities misleading Overall the Marriott was a nice hotel, although it wasn't all it was cracked up to be. We traveled with 4 adults and one 15 month old and stayed in 2 rooms next to one another. The staff was very friendly and accomadating with switching rooms for a better view and trying to keep our rooms together. The concierge was our first disappointment..the first night they sent us to a restaurant that was closed, with no back up plan, it was a little annoying. Most irritating was that after asking them about the Caves(a 2 hour drive from the hotel). They told us that they were closed on Monday and Tuesday and gave us directions to go later in the week. When we drove out on Thursday we the gaurd at the gate informed us that the Caves have been closed for almost a year!!!! When we returned to the hotel the concierge told us that they had just found out it was closed that day....very irritating!As far as the amenities, the pool looked to be great for kids, only it is FREEZING! I think they must dump ice in it. You would very rarely see anyone in the pool(probably on their first day), and the hot tub was always full. Part of the problem is that the pool never gets full sun due to it's location, there is always a shadow over a majority of the pool. My poor son wanted so despirately to go in, but even he didn't last more that a few minutes before wanting out. The hotel does have a decent beach, but they don't mention that it's location is such that the water is extremely rough and swimming is not recommended. The waves are pretty big, and we witnessed people being bowled over by waves when they were just wading ankle deep.The location of the hotel was good, there are alot of restaurants nearby, and it is a very happening area. You really need a rental car, but be aware that parking is $16/day. If we were to do it over again, the best bet might to break your hotel stays up into 2 night stays around the island..that way you would get to see the whole island, and get the benefits of each area(like those with better beaches). Also, we went into La Concha Hotel and walked around...it seemed really nice and the pool felt a little warmer.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>srtram
<Content>Overall good, but some issues Overall the Marriott is a very nice, clean hotel. It's in a great location, and the beach and pool areas are very nice. In addition, the Tuscany Restaurant is very good. The room was average, but had a nice ocean view. There were some problems with our stay, though. The bathroom door wouldn't stay closed, but they did come and fix this soon after it was reported. Information wasn't communicated as well as possible, though. On New Year's Eve, people staying at the hotel needed to obtain bracelets to allow them back into the hotel at night without paying a door fee. We only found out about this by overhearing people in the elevator, as there was no information posted anywhere in the hotel about it. In addition, we heard that an inauguration in Old San Juan was closing streets there. When we asked the concierges about it, they had no idea. We went into the city that day and had to leave by 2 because the streets were closing. The concierges should have known about this. Finally, the night before we were checking out we requested a late check out. They said it would be no problem, but to call whenever we woke up to confirm. When we called the next morning, they said a late check out was not available. If they had told us this was a possibility, we would have woken up earlier to get some more beach time in. These aren't major issues, but were disappointing nonetheless.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	3	4	

<Author>shaggydoug17
<Content>Time of our lives I went to this resort about 6 months ago with 10 of my best friends from high school and it was honestly the best experience ever. The hotel is absolutely stunning. The rooms were great and the pillows were honestly some of the best I have ever slept on. Also, we had a balcony overlooking the ocean and that was definitely worth the extra $20/night. The beach also is a ton of fun. Lots of waves and plenty of sun to keep everyone happy. The casino is not huge, but it is definitely a ton of fun and I recommend it to everyone. Also, definitely go into Old San Juan and go to some bars. Our favorite was Marias and the locals at the bars were great and fun to talk to.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelover045
<Content>A Fun Vacation My husband, 6 year old daughter and I stayed here for 6 nights at the end of December 2008. After some initial annoyances, we could not get into our room until 4:00 pm even though we had requested an early check-in for a 1:00 arrival and the hotel sought to charge us an exhorbitant daily rate for a roll away bed for our daughter (which they did agree to waive since we had no notification of these charges) we had a lovely stay.We booked a city view room at got a corner room with a king size bed (ending in 23) with 2 terraces, one overlooking the city and the other overlooking the ocean. The room was clean, bright and sunny and the housekeeping staff was excellent coming early in the morning and coming back promptly if you we were not ready for them. One night my daughter got sick in our bed around midnight and housekeeping was up in 3 minutes to completely replace our bedding (blankets and all) quickly and efficiently. The pool area is nice with a large wading pool for children about 4 years old and younger with a fountain in the middle and the deeper pool with a water slide. The water slide was open 11-4 most days which was ample time for my daughter to go down at least 25 times a day. The pool was not heated and I was very happy my daughter was occupied so I did not have to stand in the freezing water. The hot tub was nice seating about 8-10 people. Like many resorts with tall high-rises all of the chairs in the pool area are in the shade for at least half of the day. There was at least one activity every day for the kids by the towel stand (hula hoop contest or painting ceramics) which was a nice free activity around lunch. My daughter especially liked the cookie decorating around 2 pm.  The beach was very nice. The water was very warm with a nice blue green carribean color. Although the red flag was up at the hotel every day we were there, we were able to wade in a few feet and not be bothered by the waves. The sand on the beach was clean and because of the ample shade you did not have to rent umbrellas (chairs were provided by the hotel for free). The hotel had pails and shovels for the kids to borrow along with some board games.  We only had breakfast in the hotel once and it was your typical large Marriot buffet, it was nice to sit outside in a screened in dining area and look out at the ocean. We usually had breakfast at Danny's down the block who made excellent pancakes and eggs for breakfast and pizza for lunch and dinner. We also enjoyed the Chinese/Japanese restaurant in the hotel which has upscale Chinese food, a sushi bar and hibatchi tables. There is plenty of fast food within walking distance, Starbucks, Haagen Daz and a gelato store (Pia Bella) directly across the street and Dunkin Donuts, Baskin Robbins, Subway and Wendys within 3 blocks. There is a significant homeless problem in the area and it was not unusal to see a half a dozen homeless people sitting on the streets with cups out in front of stores. None of them were intrusive or menacing.  We rented a car one day to drive to El Yunke (the rain forest) and found out that the guided tours there were not offered on Monday or Tuesday but at the information center we were given excellent maps and truly enjoyed driving up to the tower and water falls. It is truly magnificent. On the way back we stopped at a large indoor outlet mall that included stores like Polo, Guess, Nautica and Gap. Overall we had an excellent time and would certainly consider staying here again.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	4	5	

<Author>LoveLabsCt
<Content>Great weekend get-away       Beach view  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msneedle
<Content>Get the corner room -- it's worth it! Wonderful very central location -- near Old San Juan, Santurce and Isla Verde. Very well maintained. I fell in love with our corner room with almost half the wall with floor to ceiling windows that showed the beautiful waves crashing. It costs a bit more but it was worth it.Staff was all great with the exception of concierge. They need to be better trained. On Christmas Eve, I asked one member of the concierge if the Art Museum was open. Instead of calling the museum and finding out for me (which is what what a concierge SHOULD do), she told me she didn't know and that I should call and find out.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>snorkeltime
<Content>very nice We stayed at the Marriott for our 20th anniversary in October 2008 for 5 days. Overall we really enjoyed our stay.1) I had ordered a wine and cheese basket for our arrival - this was brought up soon after we got to our room. Very nice selection of cheeses and crackers plus a bottle of good wine. The price even with the surcharges seemed less to me than we could have bought all the items ourselves. Very nice indeed! 2) The room was clean with a nice balcony and beautiful view. We did have to wait a while for the elevators but oh well. Housekeeping was plentiful and very attentive to our needs. 3) The beach was nice - lounge chairs were set out for us immediately without us asking. Servers were plentiful. The surf itself was pretty rough but we found that it was more manageable a short walk down the beach toward the Rennassaince. Still to rough to snorkel though. Our only compalint was the crowded pools and broken hot tub.4) We don't really gamble but had some fun playing in the casino and everyone was very helpful. 5) The area where the hotel is seems to be making a comeback. Still some seedy spots mixed with really nice areas. We walked around alot and felt safe with just two of us. We did however make sure to avoid dark walkways and stay on the main strip at night.. Old San Juan was a short cab ride away and where we spent most of our time. We felt completely safe day and night in old San Juan exploring many nooks and crannies.Overall a wonderful trip!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RJMGreenwich
<Content>Great Place to Stay for Business Stayed here for only one night on business trip. I have stayed at a few hotels in the Ashford Street area and this is by far the best. The outside of the hotel looks older and worn, but once inside looks good. Lobby is updated and nice bar at night. Rooms too look recently updated with flat panel TVs, new bedding, good work space and large enough bathroom. I was very comfortable and enjoyed working a bit in the room with a nice view of the pool and ocean. Service is good and food was fine. Hotel is well located near good places to eat and walk around. I highly recommend this hotel for a business trip or stop on vacation (if Puerto Rico is your destination).  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gruvtrtl2
<Content>Another great stay at the Marriott We stayed one night pre-cruise at the Marriott. We always have a great experience and this is our favorite hotel in San Juan. We booked through Priceline. We had a really nice room that overlooked the pool and had an ocean view. It's too bad it rained the whole time we were here. The location is great, the beach is nice, the staff always go above and beyond, the rooms and public areas are always clean and nicely maintained. You just can't beat the Marriott in my opinion.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RyryE
<Content>Great Hotel; Get Room On High Floor       King Bed  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NehaCA
<Content>Enjoyed our stay! We recently stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. Really comfortable and clean. Beach is excellent! Good location - $12-14 by cab to Old San Juan. We were debating btwn Shearton and Marriott but picked this one baceuse it's a beach front property on a vibrant street. Remember to ask for a room on a higher floor. We were on the 4th floor and the music from the lobby, casino area was really loud!FYI, Sheraton is right in the heart of old town though the only and biggest disadvantage (at least for us) was no beach...  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>EKHMobileYachts
<Content>A Must Stay Hotel!       View from our room-other direction  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>drTX2
<Content>Great hotel, great location My husband and our two children aged 5 and 6 stayed here for 2 nights before catching a cruise. We thought it was a nice place, probably the nicest in San Juan and liked the location. The taxis in San Juan are fairly safe and easy to work with, they are called Taxi Touristico and have set prices. It was about a 20 min drive from the airport and cost us about $15 to get there. Check in was easy and our room was ready. They offered us a different room in the newer tower for $25 more but we saw our booked room and liked the view and found both to be about the same so we stayed with the original room. The rooms are clean, well-decorated and we had a wonderful view of the ocean from the 19th floor. I am really picky about the bathroom and found that the bathroom was really spotless! Nice toiletries from Bath and Body Works, granite countertops and white tubs without any mold or mildew, and very spacious. The room also had an iron and an umbrella which comes in handy in a place like San Juan. We loved the soft beds and pillows. The maid service was also good and had our room cleaned in a timely manner. We used the pools and jacuzzi which had just been fixed. The pools are a little shady and cool but that was our only option since the waves are rough on the beach. It is a very nice beach to take a walk but would not recommend for swimming with young families. Also the waterslide at the pool is only open at certain times. We heard that Luquillo beach near the rainforest is nice but could not make it there due to the short duration of our trip. We did use the gym at the hotel which was very clean and up to date. They have nice cool towels to wipe down with after your workout and have water and teas to drink. The only downside is you can only use the treadmill for 30 min before it starts to shut down. I think they are programmed this way. We did not have any problems with noise from the lobby or hallways at night. We did not use the casino much as this was not our interest. The weather was gorgeous and we preferred to be out. We did not eat at the hotel because it was overpriced and there are so many options just outside this hotel. Starbucks and Hagen-Daas is right across the street as well as a sandwich shop and a taco chain. Down the street on the right there is Tiajuana's which is a Mexican chain and Danny's International which is a nice italian restaurant with awesome pizza. There are lots more restaurants if you keep walking but we did not need to. Danny's also served up a good breakfast. On the left is Walgreen's which sells everything you might ever need. We brought some cereals from home and just went and bought milk from Walgreen's and put it in the fridge in our room so that we didn't have to run out in case the kids wanted breakfast or a snack. There is also a grocery store in walking distance on the right of the hotel. The bus stop is just outside the hotel and buses are free until Jan. You take C10, B21 or C53 to Old San Juan. From there you catch the green tourist bus or the open trolley bus (still free) and can go through Old San Juan and even to the two forts. Lots of restaurants in Old San Juan and shopping. Near the Sheraton at the pier there are lots of tents with street vendors if you like that type of market. We went to El Morro Fort which is worth seeing. Costs $3 per adult to enter and you can walk through it in about 30 min. It was no problem for the kids to walk through it. Check out from the hotel is at noon. They let us extend to 1 pm which was fine for us because we went to the pier after check out. It cost about $12 and was about 10 min away. We called for the Bellman to take our luggage on the way out but he never showed up so we just walked down with our luggage and saved ourselves $5! The only other problem we had was a charge on our bill for use of Games on the TV which we had to call the front desk to remove THREE times and they finally did on check out. It was not a big problem, just an annoyance because each time we called they said they would take care of it and never did. They do charge you a resort fee of $12 per day but that is just one of the things you have to pay if you stay at this place. Overall, we had a fun couple of days in San Juan and would stay at the Marriott again if we went back. It was relaxing and convenient!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travelhappy029
<Content>Great Hotel This is a top notch hotel, very clean, service is extremely nice, great security excellent all around stay. The staff could not benicer, and the facilities are great. There are plenty of restaurantsin the area so no need to always eat in. HOWEVER, the one big complaint is the filthy condition of the Condado in San Juan which is the area where the hotel is located. The town of San Juan adds a $5 per person per day occupancy fee over and above the already 23% tax per day on the room!! This fee is suppose to be to pay for upkeep etc. of the area. Well, someone is not doing their job. The streets are littered with debris, the sidewalks are broken, and if you are not constantly looking down, you may break a leg or trip. It is so dirty, I was appalled. Where is the oversight for this area, and the mayor of the town, that I understand was just re-elected, is a very poor manager. This area should be impecable, this is your bread and butter. What a disgrace.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alina987
<Content>Just Ok The Mariott on Condado beach was relatively on par with our expectations. Great rooms, a bit tired lobby, nice beach area, and very shallow pools. Beachside restaurant managed to undercook our burger. There is a starbucks accross the street, and an excellent Catallan seafood restaurant Miro. Overall, its a nice hotel if you want to feel like you have never left the US and have come here with kids. The beach area by the Mariott is probably the best on all of Condado.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timezoner
<Content>Nice hotel, but useless concierge We got a great deal directly from the Marriott website (standard ocean front room with brkfst for $223/night plus tax  fees). The room was nice and clean with just enough space to unpack for a week. The resort fee includes 2 bottles of water daily, newspaper, plus towels and chairs for the beach. Some people will find the shower's water pressure a bit lacking. A nice touch is that the bathroom vanity has drawers - reduces clutter. The tub was not draining properly but was promptly fixed. The walls are not thick and you can hear your neighbors. The breakfast buffet at La Vista restaurant is ok, nothing lavish. There is a nice omelet station where you can also ask for fresh scrambled eggs (rather than the ones that have sat out in the buffet line), pancakes, waffles, french toast, etc... The staff is very friendly. The only issue was with the concierge staff. They, too, are friendly and try to be helpful. But they just aren't as good as other hotels. Some of their local restaurant menus are out-of-date by at least a couple years. Good concierges will visit local restaurants and attractions to get experience first hand. It didn't seem like the Marriott's did. There was also a lack of follow up. We asked them to book us for an English tour at Hacienda Buena Vista (a coffee plantation in Ponce). They had a hard time getting the right information from the attraction. Not only were they unsuccessful in booking, they never called us back to let us know status. In the end, we called the plantation directly and took care of it ourselves at the last minute without issues. As comparison, we stopped by El Convento hotel in Old San Juan and asked the concierge for restaurant help. They were more knowledgeable, covered more restaurants, and had current menus, including specials for Thanksgiving Day dinners. On the flip side, they were not friendly (and the poor attitude was worse at their bar). There are two pools, neither is deep. The beach has soft sand but the waves are very strong. The entire week of Thanksgiving was on red flag, ie, go in the water at your own risk. I think of resorts as being more luxurious than this place turned out to be. But overall this is a decent, central place to stay, and I recommend it if you can get a good deal.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>kgee19
<Content>Couldn't get any better!! The hotel is in a great location. So many resturants and eateries outside of the hotel. There is a 24hr Walgreens down the block from the hotel. The hotel is located on Ashford Ave. and it is safe to walk around outside. The bus stop is just down the block from the hotel. Thhe buses were free when I went during the end of november.The hotel was very clean and all the staff members were nice and helpful. Our room was always well cleaned. We had a nice balcony with a ocean view. The bed was so comfortable. The pool was nice and clean, hot tub was fun too!! They had a mini water slide. The beach was clean but the waves were to rough.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ryjess
<Content>Loved it!!!       Snorkeling with eastwind excursions  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DesWed
<Content>Beautiful Hotel!       The Pool  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FemaleFirefighter
<Content>Loved this Hotel This was a trip to celebrate my retirement and 3 other friends came along we all loved this Hotel. It's why I always try to stay at Marriotts. Yhe Hotel was right on the beach, very nice clean beach I could have stayed right there the whole trip. The resturant food was great, and the rooms were clean, roomy, and very comfortable. I will tell all my friends about this Hotel and I will celebrate my Birthday there next year.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Spicetraveler
<Content>Wonderful and Relaxing Stay!       A view of Condado Beach  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Yeadonite
<Content>A very relaxing stay! My friend and I got the hotel via Priceline, not that much cheaper than if we booked it ourselves. We were treated like first class guest. We had a beautiful room that was CLEANED everyday (hotel management room 906). Never once do you have to open a door the staff will run to get it. When your taxi doesnt appear in 1 minute the bell men will make sure it comes. We had a 9 PM flight and asked what we should do we got a one hour later checkout and we also were told to enjoy the pool and shower in the Spa. IF Cyndi Lauper could stay there why can't I? I also liked the casino since it had 1 cent slots.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TSTBlondie
<Content>I love this place !!! Again, I never leave reviews for anything - I did however use TripAdvisor to help plan this trip, so thought it was time to return the favor to all other TripAdvisor users !!! That said, I LOVED the Marriott - this place was spectacular !!! My corner room had 2 HUGE balconies - one overlooking the city, the other the ocean !!! The staff were just superb - everywhere I went, they were all saying hello and asking if there was anything I needed - for a moment, I almost thought I was a celebrity !!! :) I did order room service and it arrived in a short amount of time and was great, considering it was only soup and sandwich !!! Great location right on the beach and close to alot of restaurants. They were fixing the whirlpool while I was there which I was a little upset about, but who cares - its hot anyways, right !!! :) We utilized the Hertz rental car facility located in the lobby of the hotel - superb staff and a GREAT deal on a Toyota Camry !!! I highly recommend driving to the rainforest - its only about 30-45 minutes from the hotel and is well worth the drive. If my travels send me back to San Juan, I will DEF be choosing the Marriott Stellaris again !!! Thanks Marriott for a phenomenal adventure during my first visit to San Juan !!!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PR-JAM
<Content>Beautiful Hotel I stayed at the Marriott hotel after checking out of a nearby one that was filthy. I loved it the minute I pulled up to the front door. The service was great. The hotel was spotless with a large pool area along with wet bars and a convenient walkway onto the beach that included an attendant and a security guard for whatever the guests may need. The staff was especially friendly and the hotel's lounge had live entertainment 5 nights a week.As for location it is right in the heart of the action of Condado beach surrounded by great restaurants and clubs.During my stay I decided that I would lodge at this hotel every time that I visit Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>shells7
<Content>Outstanding Resort       rainbow  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Summer2end
<Content>Marriott is nice place to stay My hysband and I decided to go to Puerto Rico this year and try a new Island. We have been to Aruba four times,Bahamas, Paradise Island, St. Maartin and Hawaii---many times here, being my daughter lives there. Our experience in Puerto Rico was a nice one and have to say that the people here are very friendly and very helpful with any information you ask for. Of course, there were times when they didn,t speak English....but had no problem finding out what we wanted to know. First of all, the Marriott is a really nice Hotel and the room was very clean and beds so-so comfortable and I usually have bad back problems sleeping on different beds other than my own, but these were so nice and never had a ache in the morning. Bathroom was nice and enjoyed the lotions and soaps..nice smelling. Aloe, I believe.  Location of Hotel was perfect for walking in either direction and there is lots of restaurants around to try. We went to quite a few nearby and all were good.  Went down on the Bus(which is free until the Elections) to Old San Juan and really enjoyed touring the City. Walked all over the city and did the Fort Tour. So neat to see. Also if you you have the chance go to El Morro Cemetary to see all the Headstones...so amazing and beautiful. Never been to a Cemetary that was so peaceful to walk around and see all the beautiful plots. Even my husband was amazed with this place. Took so many pictures there. Ate at the Brewery by the Water Front and it was so good.Really nice place and different. Inside is like a Brewery with pipes and barrels all over. We had Eggplant and it was out of this world.........best I ever had anywhere. Also took the Ferry (free) over to the Baccardi Rum Factory and enjoyed that also. Was disappointed that there was no Production Tour, but saw a movie and people talked about the History. You got 2 free drinks of your choice and then we ended up at the Gift Shop....very high priced to buy there.  The Beach at the Hotel is fairly nice, but can,t go into the water...Red Flag out everyday. We used the Pool and it is nice. Pool isn,t that deep, but enough to get cool and very clean. We are so used to being able to go into the water at the Beaches we go to on other Islands and was dissappointed with the ones here. Glad I got to travel to Puerto Rico, but probably won,t go again...like to swim too much. All and all...it was a pleasant trip and we enjoyed the Casino at the Hotel.....even won some.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>tolland27
<Content>Comfortable and friendly This is a well-maintained property that caters to families, couples and business people. Our king-size bed was comfortable with high-end Marriott bedding -- lots of those special pillows that you can now purchase commercially. Our room was slightly smaller than others -- possibly because of the big bed but was not a problem for the two of us. We paid more for ocean-view and it was well-worth it because we spent a good deal of time on the balcony. The room was well-appointed with pretty art and a large flat screen television. Bathroom was clean although a bit small. Our ac worked but it took time to get the moisture out of the room. I don't fault the system -- this is the Caribbean and I have stayed in other hotels where the ac needs time to get rid of the humidity.My wife and I used the beach where an attendant set up chairs and an umbrella as well as the pool. The pool has a supervised water slide -- great for kids. This was off-season so I cannot comment on the usage. Bar personnel did patrol both the pool and the beach. Staff on this property was helpful and friendly. The hot tub was under repair -- boarded over, so it was difficult to tell if and when it will return to use.Food was hotel-priced but there is a coffee bar in the lobby for light breakfast takeout and a Starbucks and Duncan Donuts across the street. There are take-out alternatives and fast food as well as some very good restaurants along Ashford Avenue. Every three months (we were told), the road is closed down for Friday, Saturday and Sunday evenings for a huge block party. Restaurants brings out tables, and bands -- salsa, jazz, even a mariachi -- play. Quite the scene and a lot of fun. Other amenities: The front lobby has a high noise level as it includes a very large bar and music/dance area. The casino is right off the lobby and was very busy while we were there. There were lots of gambling alternatives -- slots and tables and lessons are offered by the hotel. We also booked a tour to the El Yunque rainforest with a knowledgeable guide. I thought it was good value -- $53 for a 4-5 tour. I have stayed in Miramar, Isla Verde as well as Condado, mostly on business. While Isla Verde has some very nice hotels and is closer to the airport, I found the Candado presented some alternatives to hotel eating that happened to be very good. In all I would certainly recommend this hotel for families, couples, and parents with teens.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>DeckergbIV
<Content>Great Hotel but Mediocre Beach 1. Staff. The staff was great especially Wesley he greeted us when we arrived and really made us feel welcomed. He also gave us some really helpful tips to help get the most out of our great trip to San Juan.2. Cleanliness. This might just be the cleanest and well maintained hotels that I have stayed in for quite sometime I was really impressed.3. Location. Located right in the middle of Condado, In just a short walk you have quite a few places to eat, grab a drink and even a Walgreens. On the weekends the street in front of the hotel shuts down and there are people everywhere with live music, bands and djs elegant and casual its great. Oh and bus stop is right in front of the hotel it was free for us due to elections but in any case its only 50cent a fraction of a cab and really almost as fast to Old San Juan.4. Beach. Well its clean the waters warm and the sand is soft but its a real treacherous place to swim with hard shore pounding waves and lots of body boarders. The beach lounge chairs are comfortable. If you don't like the sand the pool is relaxing and it even has a slide.5. Overall It gets 4 stars because the beach is not the best if your looking for the beach go to Isla Verde its much better but if you want to be near old San Juan but still enjoy the ocean this is a great place right in the middle of it all. FYI: If you are looking to rent a car walk up Ashford Ave a little past the La Concha Hotel to 1050 Ashford Ave Condado, Puerto Rico 00907 call [--]. Amazing service the counter manager really helped us out and gave us a great price about 1/2 of what you would pay at the hotel and took care of our parking ticket too.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Gr8Nancy
<Content>We will back... My husband and I arrived Oct 10 and stayed through Oct 18. Except for a little too much rain we had a great time. The employees at this Marriott are outstanding, expecially the bell stand - Jose Reyes in particular. Everyone was pleasant with smiles and a helpful attitude at all times. There are some nice restaurants in the area, especially to the left ot the hotel. Danny's Restaurant and Tijuana's were two of our favorites. We plan to come back to the Mariott since our stay was so relaxing. We highly recommend a visit to the forts in Old San Juan and to the Bacardi Rum Factory.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Twinsmom153
<Content>Fun       The waves were stronger than we expected  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nyuszi
<Content>Great Hotel, but not really a "Resort" This is a great beachside hotel, with all the level of services and amenities you'd expect, but I just wouldn't call it a Resort So, let's start with the good: decent sized room, comfortable beds, nice bathroom with lovely Bath  Body aromatherapy toiletries. They had an efficient front desk staff and good housekeeping. The bad thing about the room was that the AC didn't seem to have the oomph to fully overcome the hot, humid weather, so it was always about 72 F in the room (which was too hot and sticky for fully comfortable sleeping in my book).The beach access was great, though the surf can get a bit rough in the Condado area. The downside is that the beach attendants seem pretty reluctant to help you set up your beach chair and were constantly suggesting that you take other guests' chairs - even if it appears they had just gone into the water rather than left the beach for good. It can also get pretty crowded, but not as bad as you might expect, given the size of the hotel.The Pool area is very pretty and even has a swim-up bar. However, it's pretty family-oriented. The water is no more than 3 ft deep anywhere and there are a LOT of screaming children at all times. So, great if you have children, pretty lousy if you don't. The waterslide is open to adults, though, so you can kind of cross the divide that way.The breakfast buffet is pretty good and definitely a good value. Lunch and dinner options are fairly standard hotel fare. But luckily, there are 3 excellent Puerto Rican/Carribean restaurants within walking distance - Yerba Buena, Ajili Mojili and Vieja Ropa. The casino is small and fun, and they even offer gambling lessons each evening.The location in Condado is really convenient. There's a fair amount of shopping and eating available nearby and you are halfway between the neighborhood of Isla Verde for good nightlife and Old San Juan for cultural/historical sites and good nightlife. Either area is about a 15 USD cab ride away. There is also a city bus that stops on the corner in front of the Marriott and terminates in Old San Juan. It's supposedly 75 cents, but I kept riding for free, and it doesn't appear to follow any kind of set schedule, so I'd only recommend it if you are flexible and like the adventure of riding other city's public transport.All right, so that's all mostly positive, but here's why I really can't call it a Resort. As far as I could see, the only things that differentiated this from a normal beachfront hotel is that they have additional tours and activities available via the Tour Desk and the Ocean Club (aka the Pool). However, these were pretty lame activities, such as cupcake frosting and throwing a volleyball net across the pool. And though the gym facilities were good, the spa was kind of puny. Finally, I have to reiterate the lazy beach attendants. That was really disappointing after spending the first half of the week at a much less expensive location where they practically fell over themselves to be at our service.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>we5hills
<Content>Family trip to San Juan I checked Trip Advisor before I chose this hotel. My family decided to go October 1, 2008 as a family/birthday vacation. Most of the reviews were good. Someone on tripadvisor had suggested taking a Catamaran cruise using Eastwind Excursions. I checked out Eastwind online, called and made reservations for 4 people. This was by far one of the best things we did. My kids are 9 and 11 and loved snorkeling for the first time. We also got to see and swim in one of the top 10 best beaches in the world. It was breathtaking. I highly recommend this excursion. The hotel was another story. The hotel is very nice and the room was clean, staff was somewhat friendly. The lady at the information desk (how to get to Old San Juan) was very matter of fact and probably wasn't having a good day. The hot tub was not working and that was very disappointing. We were there for 5 days and it was out of service the entire time. I will say the kid's pool was nice and the slide was great for the kids. It was nice being on the beach, the tide was rough but it was very convenient to be steps away from the beach. The price of food and drinks were overpriced. $13.00 for a hamburger and $10 for an alcohlic drink, $4.00 for a USA Today newspaper. We ate across the street for breakfast and grabbed lunch at area restaurants. We loved Puerto Rico and will be back, but not back to the Marriott.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>frito58
<Content>What a great place to stay. We stayed 2 days pre-cruise and 1 day post. We were treated as if we had booked the penthouseand stayed a month. The staff was the nicest I have ever encounterd in all my years of traveling. The pool area is beautiful and the beds are the most comfortable I have ever slept on. Got a great deal on priceline and on our post stay we arrived at 9:30 am and they promptly checked us in and had a room availalabe. I would love to go back and stay a week its a great location with lots of places to eat within walking distance.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lgellert
<Content>Wonderful Staff My girlfriend and I had the luxury of tagging along with my mother as she went to Puerto Rico for a business trip. We expected to be treated like another member of the business group, but instead were pleasantly surprised when instead we were treated like honeymooners. We were upgraded to a wonderful corner room where we had views of the beach and the city. The restaurants on site are not the best, but the staff offers great recommendations for eating out in Old San Juan and there are some great smaller less touristy spots right around the hotel. The beach was wonderful with plenty of chairs and umbrellas, but unfortunately the pool area fills up a little quickly and was dominated by the younger generations. The lack of a deep end made it difficult to really get a relaxing swim, especially when the ocean was too rough for anything more than playing and body surfing. We definitely spent our fare share of time in the casinos and enjoyed a wonderful message on location. All in all we had a wonderful time thanks to the great staff.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>babie22559
<Content>Just ok - No Wine and Cheese My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino in San Juan on Aug 30-31. We had no trouble checking in. The hotel charges a parking fee 鈥?be aware just in case you rent a car. I had read reviews about folks being served rum punch upon check in. There did not appear to be any punch being served, so I asked about it. The front desk clerk was very polite. She indicated since the lobby wasn鈥檛 very busy, punch was not being served. Instead, she said she would have wine and cheese sent to our room. Naturally, I was delighted. After several hours and two phone calls to the front desk, we never received the wine and cheese. I thought it was a sure thing too, especially since we use Marriott ALL THE TIME for our hotels. Too bad; I was really looking forward to it. Overall, the hotel is very nice and the pool area was clean. There is a lot of shade, but that鈥檚 not a problem for my husband and I, as we burn easily. The casino was fun. The blackjack was at $5 minimums during our visit. The craps pit opened in the evenings, but the minimum was $10; too high for us as we both like to play. If you want a pre-made pina colada, it鈥檚 not hard to get in the casino. I asked for a rum and coke and it took forever. My husband received three pre-made pina coladas in the time it took me to receive one rum and coke (and we were both tipping). Service was too slow. Although we had a nice time, I don鈥檛 think I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	4	5	4	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>PrestoCaribbean
<Content>Fabulous property       A fabulous bathroom  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Ochavo
<Content>This place is a huge disappointment... Considering the amount of money they charge per night you should not be subjected to constant harassment on the beach by vendors. One vendor kept trying to sell us her buttered rolls; a coconut ice-cream vendor camped out on a lounge chair under an umbrella and there were none available for us,; a sleazy masseuse kept trying to offer free massages to young woman laying around on the beach, he even massaged and felt one up next to us; the Marriott waiter was to busy hitting on the female customers sunning on the beach and the rest of staff didn鈥檛 care about what was going on, most of them busy on their cell phones; also many locals kept sneaking onto the beach resort from between buildings and camping out; no one at Marriot did anything about this. In the entrance, doorman were to busy clowning around and chatting to hold any doors open, we watched a family with kids and baggage struggle when they arrived while the doorman clowned around just four feet from them. Behind the front desk a man and woman from Marriott kissed each other! What the heck??? When the elevator opened Marriot people would shove their way in before customers could even get out! Marriott people clowning around in the hallway and throwing things almost knocked me down. The pool was overcrowded (vendors were there to), and some rooms by the pool had about twelve people in it. We left the place in shock. Having stayed at other Marriot Resorts and Ritz-Carltons we were in shock. On the plane back to the states other couples that had stayed there also were complaining about the resort. It became the joke of the return flight!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Socaltrvlr
<Content>Awesome Stay...Wonderful Hotel...Would go Back My husband and I stayed here for a week in August and this Marriott exceeded all of our expectations. First off, we upgraded to an ocean view room and the view was amazing. Our balcony was great. The rooms were extremely clean (we are very picky) and the beds were amazingly comfortable. The lobby was grand and the bar had a good vibe every night. Staff was super friendly. The coffee shop was great. We had dinner at the Italian restaurant on our first night and the food/wine was excellent. A little pricey but well worth it. That was the only meal we had at the hotel. The spanish tapas place across the street, Miro's was absolutely incredible food. Plus the bar outside was nice at night and food served late. The argentine steakhouse Umo's down the street was also great! Wonderful parrillada (mixed bbq). The beach at this hotel was great! No rocks or rough water. Super nice...we never hit the pool because the beach was so nice. Tour desk had good tours of puerto rico. We would stay here again in a hearbeat. We've traveled all over and this was our best experience with a hotel yet. Great location...always have the option to travel to Old San Juan for more night life but coming home every night to the Marriott was awesome!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marisolNewJersey
<Content>Enjoyed the Marriot Stellaris Puerto Rico       our view to the right of our balcony on 18th floor -stellaris  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	3	3	3	

<Author>barnetjbDHA
<Content>gimmeoldsanjuan We enjoyed the holiday atmosphere at the Marriot and felt it was a real five star experience. I would have preferred to stay in Old San Juan to soak up the history and not at a beach hotel in Condado Beach area. It is a rather run down part of town with the attendent empty storefronts and beach bums. I did not know this until we went. The hotel is grand though it has a really big bar area right in the lobby which I found rather difficult to understand in a family-friendly resort. Maybe the cocktail hour is all day there. I know the Casino certainly is a 24 hour operation with people in there at all hours drinking and having a good time. Maybe a little more family friendly would have been better for us. On the whole, though, a really great hotel with a decent seafront beach and view.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Lucy4242
<Content>This Place Rocked We stayed in San Juan 2 nights, went to Vieques 3 nights (will never go back there again), and then San Juan 2 more nights. THe first two nights were spent at the Courtyard in Isla Verde and that place was AMAZING. We had high hopes for the Stellaris and they were all met! Our stay at the Stellaris was August 31-September 2We booked the room 7-10 days before our stay but we were still able to get a Junior Suite on the Penthouse Level. The view was incredible. You could see the rainforest, the ocean, and Condado all without turning your neck! The separate tub and shower were refreshing as was having a separate room for a friend to stay in. The Executive Lounge was great. Julio took good care of us, we were able to hang out in there for a few minutes while our room was getting cleaned (finishing up), and they had free breakfast/appetizers/desserts and honor bar. If/When we go back, we're staying in the Penthouse again!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Dragonminder
<Content>Gorgeous Resort Hotel The San Juan Marriott is a beautiful resort hotel in the Condado section of San Juan. It has a stunning bi-level pool and direct access to a broad public beach. Our room was large, clean, and comfortable, and had a widescreen LCD TV -- as well as a wonderful broad shower head with dozens of tiny holes for a wide spread . We had a full view of the pool area and a partial view of the ocean. The hotel staff were all extremely courteous and helpful, and we kept them hopping with many requests, such as for additional towels and glasses.There were 2 minor problems with the room: a burned-out light bulb in one of the lamps -- replaced within 5 minutes after we called to complain -- and a noisy air conditioner vent. We considered moving to another room, but by the second day we were used to the noise and didn't notice it anymore.The hotel has 2 restaurants: La Vista, a casual cafe; and Tuscany, a high-end Italian restaurant. There are several excellent restaurants within an easy walk of the Marriott, and numerous dining choices in OSJ. Food in San Juan tends to be expensive, but it's almost always cheaper to dine outside of the hotel. For a quick, inexpensive breakfast, there's a coffee bar in the hotel lobby, and a Starbucks directly across the street.The bus to Old San Juan stops at the end of the block that the Marriott is on, and takes about 20 minutes to reach Old SJ. The usual bus fare is 75 cents, but all buses were free when we were there. Buses stop running at 10 PM, and a taxi back from OSJ to the Marriott costs about $15.All in all, I would recommend the SJ Marriott - Stellaris to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>giggabutt
<Content>great stay       view of the ocean  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NY1PR2007
<Content>"Our Second Stay in Less Than a Year, An Absolutely Fabulous Hotel"       Main Pool At The Hotel  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mollotchka
<Content>Relaxing weekend at the Stellaris We stayed in the hotel as part of a package deal with airfare. We shared the room with another couple. It was definitely a nice place. The beds were incredibly comfortable for a hotel. The rooms were clean, and even though we had a city view our room looked out over a quiet corner of the pool- not bad at all. The hotel had dancing at night in the bar. It was REALLY LOUD (although amazingly, we could not hear it in our room)- too loud to enjoy and dance at, which is too bad because we love salsa dancing. Just like everyone said, the food was super expensive and the drinks too- our first day we had our $13.00 hamburgers with $9.00 pina coladas, and that was enough. The good news is that the area is full of lots of restaurants and there's a Walgreen's down the street. We also found a liquor store and stocked up our own room and backpacks for the beach. The mojito mix was surprisingly decent, and the bottle of Bacardi was a whopping $5!!!The beach was lovely. There were plenty of waves, and a boogie board rental place on the beach next door. (Also, the lady sold DELICIOUS empanaditas for a snack) If you're looking for lapping little waves it isn't the beach for you, but the waves were fun for us to play in. The taxi trip downtown to Old San Juan (15 minutes in traffic) was a different price each time we rode. It ranged from $14 to $20, which we thought was a little pricey- and weird that the price fluctuated.No one goes out or eats there until very late on weekends- don't expect any nightlife until about 12 midnight. Best just find yourself a nice tapas bar and enjoy some sangria or a cafecito while you wait. We never found a restaurant that we didn't like.We took the bioluminescence tour on the east side of the island. It was a long bus ride, but well worth the trip. We heard the rainforest tour was great too, but we didn't have time. For the price, however, I might consider an all inclusive. Puerto Rico is not a cheap vacation.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Iracil
<Content>Wonderful Family Trip       View From room  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>toasty
<Content>Decent hotel, a few glitches We stayed here for three days, then went to the island of Vieques (highly recommend) and then came back for one night. Our first three nights were spectacular as we were given an executive suite in the cabana wing due to my husband's Marriott rewards status. The room was tastefully decorated, the bathroom huge, the balcony had a great view. We liked the beach, though it wasn't a kid friendly as I hoped. The pool was decent, but I liked the one at the Intercontinental better as we staryed there our last time in PR. We didn't like that the kids water slide was only upon until 4PM. When we came to the hotel for our second stay we got a high ocean view room (1717) in the tower. The wrap around views were spectacular! That night however, the people in the room next to us decided to party all night, so we called security at 1AM and they came and quieted them down. We also called the front desk to ge the number of a local pizza joint we'd used earlier in the week and twice they gave us the number to the wrong restaurant, when we called the front deck the third time they didn't bother to pick up. The next morning we called for late check out and no one picked up the phone again. An hour later someone did pick up and part of our Marriott rewards benefit is priority late checkout where you pick the time and due to our late flight and having kids with us, we wanted to check out at 1PM. The desk said no one gets to check out past noon, only an hour later than normal, so this was an inconvenience.Overall, the rooms and hotel are nice. We liked the location, the nightlife, but the front desk staff was unprofessional.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>sheilbrunn
<Content>Loved the Marriot. A great family experiencet We recently returned from a five day visit 8/17 - 8/22. Traveling with my wife and 3 children (ages 10 twins and 14) we booked 2 oceanfront rooms (well worth the cost). Our flight arrived from Baltimore at 11:45 AM and we were in one of our rooms by 12:45 PM. It was outstanding. Service was terrific. Please note as a frequent Marriott guest their level 6 hotels are generally geared for the business trade. Not as fancy as a Ritz, etc., but at a fraction of the cost. Great place for kids. The beach was terrific. We wanted waves and we got them. Not the place if you are expecting miles of beach. Plenty of beach chairs available both on the beach and at the pool. Plenty of kids activities. Probably not a great choice for retirees. A great combination of a resort in a urban setting. Puerto Rico is not the destination for the budget visitor. However, we found the food to be excellent (especially for the Carribean). Not cheap so be prepared. Service was exceptional and everybody was amazingly friendly. The Casino was great and very casual. Most important lesson (after the first excursion) was to use mass transportation. We saw the forts, went shopping and visited the Baccardi factory on our own. We will be going back next year.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NVOUS845
<Content>Heaven on Earth I must say that I this was an absolute breath of fresh air! It pains me to even tell you why I'm writing a review because I don't want this one thing to deter you from staying and I should not. We checked in at about 3pm on August 15 after traveling from New York since 4:30AM. We were hungry and wanted to enjoy a nice Caribbean lunch in the hotel restaurant LA VISTA. We were seated outside on the terrace as requested and ordered two delicious mojitos right away. Followed by this we got Ceviche as an appetizer and proceeded to order our main courses from a slim menu. I got the Cuban sandwich and my fianc茅e ordered a grilled Caribbean mango chicken sandwich. $70 later plus tip, I have to tell you how disappointing this food was. I really had higher expectations of a Marriott resort restaurant. The bread was not fresh and the sandwiches looked and tasted like they came out of a school cafeteria! We got engaged on the Beach outside the hotel the next day and went to dinner down the street at an Argentinean restaurant. I'm sure we would have, as we planned, eaten in the Marriott Tuscany restaurant for dinner that night. But we didn鈥檛. Nor did we order breakfast to the room the next morning to eat on the balcony while watching waves crash as we planned due to our lunch experience on day one. The hotel, staff, casino, bar, club scene, pools, and especially the beaches were all stellar! We loved this hotel! It was a fairy tale engagement vacation and I would highly recommend going there. The staff was always smiling, always attentive, and so very helpful. The food was well below the bar that I would expect of a Marriott Hotel / Resort. We would have probably eaten at the hotel several more times, but lucky for us, the street just outside the hotel is packed full of great restaurants!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billyl01
<Content>High Expectations Not Met I had very high expectations of this hotel due to its high ranking on tripadvisor, four diamond ranking, and the fact that it is a Marriott corporate run hotel rather than a franchise. My high expectations were not met for the following reasons. The day I was to fly out, I spoke with Anthony in at your service (hotel operator) to inquire if the wireless in guest room internet charge was included in the $29 a day resort fee that is charged on top of the room rate and tax. Anthony told me this internet charge was included. I arrived at the hotel around 2AM, and there was a band playing music in a dance club type atmosphere in the middle of what is supposed to be the hotel lobby, which was made up of a bunch of tables and chairs with a bar in the middle. I couldn't hear a thing because of the volume of the music, and there were no front desk employees at the front desk. After a few minutes, I tracked a hotel employee down, and was eventually checked into my room. Upon arriving at my guest room for the first time, I was greeted by a small amount of trash right in front of my guest room door in the hallway. After entering the guest room, I was happy to see that the room was clean and in good shape. The room I stayed in was recently renovated and had a very nice formal caribbean decor. The balcony was large for a standard guest room, and was extremely private, which blocked off a portion of our ocean front view, but the privacy was nice. After getting settled, I went to go on the internet, and the computer showed that I would be charged an additional $14.95 a day for internet access, so I called at your service again, and was told that I would not be charged the additional fee, because it was included in my resort fee. The next day we were out of the room the whole day until 6 or 7PM, and when we arrived at the room it was still dirty, because housekeeping had not come by to clean the room yet. I called at your service, and was told that housekeeping could only bring me towels at this time of the evening, and instead of arguing with this person, I asked to speak to a manager. I was put in contact with Miguel, who is a housekeeping manager. Miguel initially did not know why my room was not cleaned, but eventually told me that the maid got sick and went home early. Shortly after that conversation, my room was cleaned. On my way to the casino that night, I stopped by the front desk to speak to a manager to try to get some assurance that I would not have many more problems, because we were ready to switch to another hotel at that point. I spoke to a woman, who claimed to be a manager, and when I told her about the problems we had on our first day and that we were thinking about changing hotels instead of apologizing or addressing the problems, she offered to book us in another hotel. After I told her that I would think about whether we would stay or not, she gave me a I'm sorry. I then proceeded to the casino in the hotel, and was previously told by a person at the front desk that no shorts or short sleeves were allowed to be worn in the casino at night, so I was in jeans and a button down shirt. After about an hour, I could not tolerate how hot I was in the casino, because the air conditioning is kept very low, so I left the casino and never returned during the entire trip. I believe it was the second night of our trip, and we went to La Vista, which I was told was the casual dinner restaurant of the hotel, and the food was very slow to come out even though there were only a hand full of people in the entire restaurant. I asked the waitress for the check, and she must have forgot, because we had to eventually get up and wait for her by the server's area to pay the check and leave. On our second to last night, we did not receive maid service again, but this time it was just turndown service we did not receive, so our bed was made and the room was clean, but we had no clean towels or shampoo that night and the next morning. Sure enough on our last day, we look at the bill and there were multiple internet charges on top of the resort fees. This time my girlfriend went down to the front desk to get the internet charges taken off the bill. Upon her return to the room, she told me she successfully had them take off the internet charges and that we were being treated to a complimentary breakfast by Marco, who was briefed on the details of our stay. I had a chance to meet and speak to Marco before we checked out, and he was very apologetic and was a pleasure to speak with. I have to say that when the maids cleaned our room they did an excellent job and were very nice when we encountered them. During our stay we spent a good amount of time eating and having drinks at the Marriott Renaissance, which is only a couple of blocks away. The Renaissance was booked up the night that the front desk manager offered to transfer me to another hotel, so we ended up staying at the Marriott. Anyway, we very much enjoyed our time at the Renaissance. The Renaissance is a much more chic and beautiful hotel. It has an art deco decor with lots of water features, colored lighting, and comfy white beds and couches all over the lobby and pool area. The Renaissance restaurants are excellent as well, and are not your typical Marriott restaurants. The service we experienced at the Renaissance when dining there was excellent. Although, we had a good time in Puerto Rico overall despite some problems, we would probably not go back to Puerto Rico again; However, if we did go back we would definitely try the Renaissance and stay away from the Marriott.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	2	2	

<Author>rhoneycu
<Content>Great hotel in Old San Juan       The balcony at the Marriott  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gimmecandynow
<Content>Very friendly and accommodating We arrived at the hotel at 9:00am, and even though check-in is not until 4:00pm, they gave us our room, which was like getting a free day. The room had a large flat screen TV, very comfy bedding, and a very large and updated bathroom. We stayed on the 9th floor and never heard a sound at night or in the morning when we were trying to sleep, which was great since I'm used to hearing doors banging, partiers, and children running the halls even in 5 star hotels. Also noteworthy is that at the time of our stay, the resort allowed guests to decline the 12% daily resort fee. I appreciated this since, like most resort fees, it adds no services that aren't already included in the price of the room.The hotel is within walking distance to many restaurants and shops, and the concierge is happy to give you a list. After eating lunch the first day at the poolbar, we were glad to have the option of going out to eat. Unfortunately, the poolbar food was not good and overpriced, even for a resort poolbar. The beach was well maintained and large, and there is an attendant there to help you with chairs and umbrellas. They chared $12 to rent an umbrella, but there were plenty of shady palm trees to sit under as well. From the beach, you could see that the areas around the hotel were very run down, which detracted from the scene if looking toward the hotel.Overall, we had a very good experience with the Marriott and the staff was extremely friendly, hard working, and accommodating.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ms_Scarlett_O_Hara
<Content>Great Hotel, Okay Location The hotel was great, especially the pool area. IWe had a great view of the ocean from our balcony. t's right on Condado beach, which is a major tourist area, so it gets a little crowded.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	4	1	

<Author>TXsoccermom14
<Content>My Fabulous Vacation       view of the beach from the room  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SPAnne
<Content>Great stay! We stayed at the Marriot San Juan Resort and Stellaris Casino for 5 days, and we really had a great experience there!  OVERALL: The room was a good size and it was worth every penny to pay a little extra for the pool/ocean view... it was great to sit out on the balcony with a cold drink and look out at the pool area and (beyond the pool area) the gorgeous clear blue ocean! The room stayed kind of damp/humid all week, but I think some of that may be inevitable given the Caribbean climate! The location was good too. Nice beach, especially if you like playing in the waves (not super calm water, but that was a good thing for us!).  Money-Saving Tip for Drinkers: The drinks at the pool area were definitely overpriced, so we decided to buy our own little bottle of rum and some juice, etc mixers at one of the many little grocery/liquer stores within walking distance. (For about $20 worth of stocking the bar in our room, we were able to get the amount of drinks that would have cost $200 at the bar over the course of the week!).  If you are interested in touring the Bacardi Rum factory, don't book your trip through the tour company in the hotel.... they will likely charge you around $50 per person, and in reality you can get there and have that entire experience for less than $30 total. Overall this was a good afternoon, but we were so glad we hadn't spent $100 to have the tour company take us there! We did book a trip to hike in El Yunque through the tour desk at the hotel, and that turned out to be a very good choice! We never would have been able to pick out the most scenic spot to go hiking had we chosen to rent a car, drive there ourselves, etc... plus it was nice to not have to worry about transportation (it's about 45 mins away).  We ate at the Tuscany restaurant in the hotel one night, and the food was very good. We also managed to find lots of great little restaurants to try within walking distance, and it was fun to just wander around until we saw a place that looked like a good one to try!  Overall, we had a wonderful stay at the Marriot San Juan! Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>ThreeRedCars
<Content>OK but not worth the premium Didn't start off well. We had asked for early check in when we reserved the room several months in advance and when we arrived was told nothing was available. We were given no options, just sorry, can't check in. Maybe some suggestions on things to do and a free drink or two wouldn't have hurt.Anyway, the place was nice, the beach was fine (a little rough but not as bad as other reviews led me to believe). The prices in every place at the hotel (restaurants, gift shop, bar,etc...) were outrageous. Go somewhere else to eat, shop  drink. There's a Wendy's  Subway down the street and they even offer breakfast. We went to the Latin Star and a Seafood restaurant that I think was called Orosko's (or something like that). Don't go there!! There's an excellent Argentinian restaurant a block or so down one way and a mexican restaurant (Cielito Lindo) the other way.A lot of the reviews said to take the bus rather than a taxi into Old San Juan but we found the buses weren't regular and didn't feel like sitting at a bus stop for an hour or so. We took the taxi.Again, the room was nice, view was great but the worst part was our next to last day, the Marriott sent a note that they would turn off the A/C from 10-3. This time they did offer a free drink. So we stayed out of our room and returned around 4 pm. We arrived to a filthy bathroom with a guy in our tub and a couple other people in the wall. We waited around for a half hour and of course everything is like we'll be done in 20 minutes. It wasn't. I complained and the Marriott did knock a little off my rate for the day but we found out later that even then they didn't fix the problem and the A/C remained on the fritz. We ended up moving to another room (with a view blocked by trees) for our last night.We paid a premium to stay at the Marriott and to be honest, won't do it again. It just wasn't worth it. If I have to do it again, I would have stayed at the Holiday Inn Express which is about a block off the beach. You'll lower your expectations and pay a lot less.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	2	2	2	4	

<Author>sl96
<Content>Good Experience at the Marriott Just came back from a 2 night stay at the Marriott. We didn't take advantage of too many of the facilities but everything we saw was nice and well maintained. We were upgraded to a corner room; one balcony faced the ocean and the other faced the bay (just yucky buildings). I am so glad for the upgrade because that view of the ocean was the most relaxing part of the stay. The room itself was large and nice with an updated bathroom and decent closets.The pools were lovely and even the larger one was shallow so its perfect for kids. We came without our kids but there was a daily activity list for children which made this place seem very kid friendly (scavenger hunts; water volleyball etc.). We tried to walk on the beach in the evening, but the security guard didn't let us get on because they were locking up the entry. I realized that it was for security issues, but it would be nice if you can stay on the beach to watch the sun set.Service was great overall. The guest services personnel were accomodating and nice. Valet always came quickly. I've stayed at other 4 and 5 star resorts where waited for valet for 15 minutes to an hour and that was with a call requesting the car before we came down.The casino was fine. Obviously small by most standards but they had a little bit of everything. Slots of all ranges (1 cent to $1 or more), blackjack tables, craps, roulette etc.The salsa dancing in the lobby at night was unbelievably loud, but once you walk away from that area, it was bearable.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>kates70
<Content>Marriot San Juan was perfect!       room 1  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NJBrooklynborn
<Content>Tropical Paradise       Another Balcony View  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PieroG
<Content>Perfect in every way       View from room  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Krewjay
<Content>Be Carefull when you make your reservation! I wish I could have stayed at the Marriott. The reservation system was such a nightmare we finally cancelled. We were quoted a price and room details through Marriott with each phone confirmation, then when we got the email confirmation the information was different. We called back and got a different person and each time the cost went up. Different people from Mariott quoted us different prices for the same reservation 3 times, within 15 minutes of each other! The hotel room occupancy charge was for 4 people, but the hotel wanted to charge us an additional $25 per person per night for our 3rd and fourth person anyway. They said we could opt out of our resort fee online and on the phone, then said in the email confirmation that we could not. They also would not guarentee us 2 double beds but wanted to charge us an additional $30/bed/night for 2 rollaways for our 2 adult children. None of these charges were mentioned on the phone, only on the email confirmation. The 3rd time we called the Marriott back they said there was nothing they could do so we cancelled our trip. I am very disappointed with the whole process. Be sure and check your email confirmation to make sure it is the same price that you were quoted on the phone or online.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vator90
<Content>Great Pre-cruise Stop       Sunrise from our balcony  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kristin9519
<Content>Super customer service This hotel was worth every single penny. We had a standard room and I was impressed. I've stayed at hotels that claim to be 4 stars and are not. They need to be five stars not only for the cleanliness of the rooms, hotel, and housekeeping but for their wonderful customer service. I didn't not run into one bad hotel staff, everybody was friendly and ready to serve you hand and foot. The hotel location is awesome too, Its right on the beach and located on a strip of good restaurants and torrist shopping.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelnRob
<Content>Great Overall - I wish I had known the beach shuts down at 7:00pm The wife and I spent 4 nights here in June 2008. Overall we had a great trip. We ate at the hotel several times and had a good experience each time.The only thing I wish I had known is that they close the beach and beach bar down at 7:00. I usually enjoy the time around sunset on the beach when in the Caribbean. This is definitely not the place to go for wild night life.The hotel site says it is close to Old San Juan. I'm not sure I would advertise a 50 minute walk as close. There is a bus stop between the hotel and Walgreens that will take you there for 75 cents.A couple of things to know about the bus. On the way there you are dropped off at a stop on the sidewalk. On the way back you need to catch the bus from the terminal about a block to the west from the stop. (The bus is labeled route 21b). On the way back get off at the stop in front of the Bueno Aries resteraunt (which is directly behind Walgreens). Don't ask me how I know....The casino is small by US standards but it is entirely smoke free. Maybe we will catch up some day.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	3	5	4	

<Author>Scully1998
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 days/4 nights. After researching a lot of properties, I chose this one. I am a very picky person so I am always worried about spending a lot of money and not getting what I paid for. This hotel met all of my expectations. Great staff.. everyone said hello and was helpful. We stayed in an oceanfront room on the 15th floor, which was breathtaking (be sure to make sure you are in the main tower and not in the cabana.. especially if you pay for the oceanfront room). The room was very clean, nicely decorated, and had a very private balcony. The bathroom was nice.. but a little small. They offered two pools. One was only 2 ft in depth, and they other was about 4ft. They had a neat water slide that provided entertainment for both kids and adults. I even saw some senior citizens using it.. which I thought was great! They have two pool bars and have happy hours specials. Make sure to get your two-for-one drinks during happy hour. The casino and the live bands were a nice touch. We enjoyed drinks while listening to the music.Some suggestions:1. You can opt-out of the resort fee. We saved about $27 per day by opting out. The only thing we missed was the internet access.. which was great for me b/c I wouldn't be addicted to checking my e-mail for 5 days. Just ask the person checking you in to opt out. You will still get your towle service at the pool.2. If you want to rent a car, rent one through Hertz. They have a counter right in the lobby. We were able to drop the car off in the hotel's parking garage after hours when we were done with the car. It was convienient.3. We chose a room rate that included access to the executive lounge. We had breakfast in the lounge, appetizers, and desserts for three of our days and the food was great. Just be advised that the lounge operates Sunday night through Friday, so if you are coming for the weekend.. don't bother.4. There are great restarants right around the hotel. We had a decent breakfast as well as great pizza (and I am orignially from NY!) at Danny's International restaurant (one block exiting the hotel to the left), a nice dinner (authentic Puerto Rican food) at Ajili Mojili which was about a 15 minute walk to the right of the hotel. We also grabbed lunch from Camille's Cafe and had a nice seafood dinner at Miro, which are directly across the street from the hotel. Just be careful of walking into a sidewalk restaurant. We got sucked into one, and wound up paying $35 for lunch! At least the food was decent. Just check the menu prices.5. If you visit the Rain Forest, don't pay all the money for a guided tour. Once the guy in the visitor center explained the trails to us, it was very easy to follow. The hike down to the bog waterfall is not for your 80 year old grandma, but worth the effort once you get down there. I was upset that I didn't have my swimsuit on. I definitely wanted to jump in with everyone else after our hike down there.6. Try to book excursions on your own instead of going through the hotel. You will save about $20 doing it on your own. We enjoyed the snorkeling catamaran cruise through the East Wind company. They even picked us up at our hotel. That was about 5 hours in length.. with and open bar available for the entire duration. We also went on the bioluminescent kayaking trip. We went at 6:30, which turned out to be great. We could see through the lagoon on the way out and it was dark by the time we got to the area that contained the bioluminescence. The trip back wasn't as fun b/c it was dark and people we crashing into each other. 7. We took the bus into Old San Juan. Although we only paid $0.75 each.. we had no idea where we were once the driver dropped us off. So bring a map. We were very lost and had no idea how to get back. We wound up taking a cab back to the hotel ($14).  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EGrace
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, great service, friendly staff       From the pool look out to the bach  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlwaysUp4Travel
<Content>Great Hotel!! The service at the Marriott was fantastic! Check-in was smooth, good food at the restaurants on the grounds, plenty of info on local things-to-do, and the pool area is beautiful. There's also a live salsa band that performs on some nights. The hotel is conveniently located right on the beach for easy access. There are several shops and restaurants located within short walking distances from the hotel. It was a great stay at the Marriott!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MurphyTXMom
<Content>Great Resort for Family Some hotels in San Juan aren't Family friendly. They tend to cater more to Singles or Honeymooners. The Marriott San Juan Resort  Stellaris is definitely Family friendly. I was there with my 3  6 year olds. They absouletely loved the resort. Their favorite part (and mommy's) was the huge Children's Pool. Usually when I travel, the hotel's Children's Pool is so small you find yourself fighting with other parents to get a spot for your kid. But, this Resort's Children Pool is huge! So Moms/Dads, no worries. The Children's pool is also divided off from the deeper pool, where of course, the older kids and adults hang out. If you're like me, I'm always worried the younger kids will be harmed when the older kids are in the same pool. Again, not a problem here. The resort also has sand buckets, shovels, boardgames etc. for the kids to borrow for free. They're located at the towel hut. They also have books mom and dad can borrow, if you want to lay back and read. It's true that the beach has dangerous waves for young children. But, my kids were content making sand castles and staying on the edge of the water when they wanted to get wet. There is a Starbucks and Hagen Dazz right across the street. And a Dunkin Donuts/Baskin Robbins 2 blocks away. My kids of course loved getting donuts for breakfast and Mom and Dad loved the affordable breakfast. There is also a Wendy's and Chili's not too far away. You can definitely walked there and back (not dangerous).The rooms are beautiful. We stayed in the tower (15th floor) and had the city view. It was just fine for a family. Anyone with kids knows that an Ocean View room is lost on kids. They don't want to see the beach, they want to play on the beach. So save yourselfs some $ and booked the city view rooms that are on the higher floors. Nice view of the city at night. Another nice perk, the local bus is down the block. So with .75cents you can get to downtown San Juan. My kids loved the adventure of riding the local bus. There were many tourist on the bus, so you'll fit right in and feel safe.If its raining out, take a look in your room closet, there's a huge umbrella you can borrow. There's also cozy robes and slippers (for adults) Mom and Dad can slip into later.If you're wondering what the Resort has for Adults? It has Plenty!!. The deeper pool with a Slide, the Swim up bar. The Salsa band each night. The great Bar and Casino and Restaurants. The staff there were so so nice and professional too. That of course is a big plus. You can't go wrong at the Marriott San Juan Resort and Stellaris Casino. We had a great time and hope to stay again during our next visit (hopefully next year).  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GLBTCruiser9
<Content>Great Overnight Stay This was the third time we stayed at the Marriott Stella Solaris. The renovated rooms and fabulous beds make for a wonderful stay. We enjoyed the sumptuous dinner and breakfast buffets. The only negative was the number of children and 'ball playing' allowed in the 'adult' pool and spa area. The security guard made repeated stops at the spa to ask the children to vacate the spa, but they would return shortly. The red flag has been up at the beach each time we have stayed and I wonder now if that is just hotel policy to warn or the waves and undertow.If a shallow pool and lack of swimable beach don't bother you, you'll be pleased with your stay!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lianimoscoso
<Content>Had a great time!!       salsa dancing with a live band in the lobby level of hotel!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catb
<Content>great stopover We stayed here for one night between 2 cruises because they have a coin operated laundrette and they are near the port. Lovely room overlooking pool and beach. Excellent service from very friendly staff. Got 155 dollar rate through priceline - great value but not sure it's worth the 300 dollar we should have paid!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chapovez
<Content>Great Hotel! Just got back from a 5 night stay in San Juan. We couldn't have been more pleased with the Marriott. First of all, the location is fantastic. The Condado district is just 10 minutes from the airport, and 10 minutes from Old San Juan. Within a 4 block radius, there must be at least 25 restaurants to choose from. All types of cuisines, Sushi, Argentinean, Italian, Mexican, and Puerto Rican. There is also a small grocery store/liquor store and a Walgreen鈥檚 within a block or two.  The hotel itself was very comfortable. The room was large and comfortable. It looks like it had been recently renovated. Very comfortable bed, granite counters in the bathroom, small refrigerator, and a large plasma TV with about 30 US satellite TV stations. The in-room wireless internet was as fast as back home.  The pool area was very nice, and well maintained. There was never a problem getting a chair by the pool. The beach was beautiful. It was very easy to get beach chairs and an umbrella. Even though the waves were a bit rough, there were plenty of people swimming in the ocean. The bars in the pool areas were great. Never a problem getting a drink, and made a wide variety of tropical cocktails.  We ate at the La Vista restaurant for breakfast. They had an $18 breakfast buffet option, that was very good. Made to order omelets, Belgian waffles, fresh fruit, pastries, OJ, very good coffee. There were so many other dining options surrounding the hotel, why bother eating at the hotel for lunch or dinner.  The casino was very good. It was open 24 hours a day. They had about 10 blackjack tables. Several at the $5 and $10 level. With good blackjack rules (dealer stands on soft 17). They also had a $5 craps table. Sign up for their player鈥檚 club when you get there. We earned about $75 in food comps, just by playing a couple of hours a day. All in all, a great place to stay. An great value at $250/night (including the daily resort fee) for an ocean front room through Expedia.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveler1923
<Content>Caribbean Paradise!       Exterior  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EvaTT
<Content>Better than expected       View from room  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>TinkerII
<Content>Great Weekend! Just returned from Memorial Day weekend stay at this Marriott and could not be happier. We arrived early on Saturday knowing that check in was not until 4 p.m. We completed all paperwork and left our bags with the bell captain. We were told that we could avail ourselves of the spa facilities (shower, bathrooms, etc) while we waited. Within 1/2 hr. we were notified that our room was ready and that we were even upgraded to a corner room with a double balcony. We had a bit of an issue with the a/c but this was fixed almost immediately. The location was perfect and convenient...the beach was great...and the people in the hotel could not have been nicer. Kudos to Frances, our diligent Concierge, who followed up on the a/c issue and room service and also to Sonia, our waitress in the La Isla Grill each day. All in all, we had a wonderful time and wished it could have been longer. We will return and most certainly recommend to our friends.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brianm99
<Content>Great Experience with Family       Shallow Pool  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>HAP1966
<Content>Would totally recommend       View from our balcony  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jos3girls
<Content>Love it We stay at this hotel every year for the last 10 years. The people are friendly. We have so much fun! We would never stay anywhere else!!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TexasBrian08
<Content>Great Time We stayed at the Marriott from Wednesday May 7 through Saturday May 10, 2008 and had a first floor pool view room which was perfect since we had a 2-year old that napped in the afternoons. We had no significant issues, room was great but we were not there to sit in our room. Bed was very comfortable. Overall the stay was above average and would suggest it to anyone. We were also there during the week when it was not so crowded but did start to get more crowded on Friday and Saturday morning.Pools and Beach. There are 2 pools and one is 2 to 2.5 feet deep which is perfect for small children that cannot swim yet. Yes, there are problems getting sun in the morning but the beach has plenty of sun in the morning. By the way, I have read all the reviews about the rough surf - it is a beach and there are waves, nothing more than any other beach I have been. The sand is great and clean, plenty of chairs.Food. We did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants as pricey. We did eat the hot dogs ($6) and hamburgers ($12) from the hotel which were good for hotel pool food. There are plenty of places up and down the street from the hotel including the Gelato place for breakfast - $20 for 2 adults and kid. Danni's and the Itialian wine bar - great pizza and good wine prices. We got pizza from the Itialian place and wine from the grocery store (2 blocks down from hotel to the left) and sat by the pool o eat - best meal of the entire trip. We also bought snacks and beer (Medialia is the native Puerto Rico beer and quite good) at the grocer store.El Yunque Rainforest. About 3/4 mile hike on pavement to a very cool and refreshing waterfall. Definitely worth the 45 minute drive there.Old San Juan. We ate at the Parrot Club in Old San Juan. $100 and not much variety especially if you did not want seafood but very good food. Suggest the chicken tamale dish but not the tuna steak.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vacation123
<Content>Marriott Not up to Par I was disappointed with the Marriott. The service level was poor and it was not just because of the typical Caribbean service level. The staff does not know how to deal with guests and there is no communication between departments. The elevators in the hotel were not working properly and there were always lots of guests and housekeepers waiting for them. I had more than one housekeeper cut me off to get into an elevator without even waiting for it to empty out. I asked for a late check out the day before leaving and was given it for 1 p.m.. At noon on my check out date I had 2 different housekeepers knocking on the door within 15 minutes of each other trying to get in to turn around the room. When I called the front desk to get them to stop sending people they had no idea. My room was not ready upon check in and they gave me pager to let me know when it would be ready which never went off. I went to the front desk a 1/2 hour after check in time to see if it was ready and it had been for a while. They accussed me of being out of the pager range - which I wasn't - I was sitting at the pool the entire time. They also messed up my bill upon check in and then argued with me when I tried to be honest with them. As for the property itself - it is newly renovated. The rooms are nice and make sure you get a room with ocean and or pool view. A city view will be horrible. The ocean is very rough and there is a bad undertow which they warn you about. The pool area was nice. There is an Italian resturant which didn't look like it was any spectaular so I didn't eat in it. There are alot of kids there and also a lot of business meetings going on. I had to walk through a foyer with one going on to access the business center and was confronted by the person running the meeting. There is no other way to the business center but through that area. The hotel is in a good location. There is a Starbucks across the street and many restaurants all up and down Ashford Avenue. I felt safe walking alone to any of those places. There is a lot of construction in Condado Beach and in a few years it will be much better. They do lock the gates to beach access at 6 p.m. because it is a public beach. There are a lot of police out. Puerto Rico definetly has crime issues and there are alot of vacate buildings. I did find the people friendly and Old San Juan was great. Do recommend going to Puerto Rico but stay at anyone of the many other hotels in the area.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>MarNGreg
<Content>We loved our honeymoon!!!       View from our room  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Plumstitches
<Content>Nice Property, but too many spring breakers We stayed here one night with our daughter enroute back to the States after spending a week on Culebra. This property was really nice - rooms, pool, gym (ok, not great) and the location was good. It's in the Condado area so it was easy to walk and grab dinner. However, I was amazed at all of the college kids on spring break staying at this property. We paid well over $300 a night - when I was in college, that certainly wasn't in budget. Anyway, we could hear the kids in the room next to us with their dance music blasting. We called the concierge to complain and reached a recording, left a message, but they never returned our call.The other thing we found a little absurd was that they charged $25 a night for a infant crib. Maybe this is standard, but I haven't seen this before.I'm not sure that I would stay there again, I might opt for the La Concha property just down the road.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	5	3	3	

<Author>chellie882004
<Content>Great Little Getaway       View from Fort San Cristobal  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>KellyinKentucky
<Content>Just ok but clean .... First - we booked through priceline for a Saturday night after a cruise for $175 per night ..... when we checked in asked to see if an upgrade was available - offered $25 extra per night for ocean/pool view room - so we upgraded. ........ we checked in at 11:00 - GREAT service there!!!! .......... room had a good view - we were in the tower building - would highly recommend requesting that section......... Room was nice, clean, AC worked GREAT! .... nice balcony area, also flat screen tv. Pool area was just ok, hard to find a place to sun due to all the palm trees ...... beach area also just ok - nobody came around taking drink or food orders, had to track people down to try to take $$ from us for these things :) ........ casino - small, but ok - not great selection of slots, etc ....... $10 taxi ride to Old San Juan - $15.50 taxi ride to airport ....... clean, decent place to stay after cruise - last time we stayed at the Ritz - 10 times better, but of course you pay the $$ too.......... we also ate dinner at the buffet restaurant - yucky!! don't recommend............. starbucks and ice cream shop right across the street ........ they do not have scales to weigh your luggage in the hotel, so be aware of that if traveling after a cruise where you've bought lots of things - we just had to guess on the weight of our bags :)  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NYC67
<Content>We made the right choice So pleased with our selection.The reviews here were really helpful.Were really convinced when we walked by el Convento.Don't get me wrong, Convento is very nice, but we spent an entire week in San Juan and Old San Juan is worth a day trip at most.If you're in San Juan for more than 2 days, stay at the Marriott.The beach is spectacular.If you've been to any eastern US beach, you'll love the ocean here.And the restaurants within walking distance of this hotel are specacular.The hotel staff and all the local merchants are top notch.Will be back some day and this is where we will stay.  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shonda1870
<Content>I hate germs and bad service.... Neither was a issue... I was a little hesitant about Priceline because whatever the reason I was unable to read the reviews for this hotel. However, I read the reviews on the hotel via trip advisor and they were average but this review will be the pure unadulterated truth. First of all I鈥檓 a germ phobic and simply must stay in a clean hotel. Ok we booked our trip and it was painless. We received an email staying that the snorkeling trip was cancelled due to weather. I became worried what鈥檚 going on with weather. Long story short the weather forecast was thunderstorms daily (So I called the hotel and was advised that it had rained daily but for the moist part the weather was great so I trusted this and proceeded with our trip. We paid for prepayment parking in the Ontario Park and Fly (Do not do this Priceline may not be aware bust they are a rip off Priceline charges you per day and then they billed us per hour uurrgghh) So we fly in the Puerto Rico without incident again Priceline may not be aware of this but Budget is horrible rude rude when we arrived Angel was arguing with a customer on the phone and making faces to us that the person was rambling. We were not happy to have to deal with him after a 9-陆 flight but what the heck the customer was probably rambling and Angel was probably unprofessional. Yes Angel was very unprofessional I鈥檓 an insurance agent and understand the additional insurance and their job to sell it. Angel seemed to take it personal I declined the coverage, which is weird, but something quickly I dismissed not to my knowledge he continued to discuss my decision with my husband after I walked away. We were not pleased. We go to the Marriott in out stained seat, smoke filled rental car. The hotel was stunning; the room was ready but had two beds? I was told Priceline requests the double beds to maintain a lower price and we can change rooms no charge (great) Stephanie was awesome she also hinted to us about possible upgrades (we upgraded to first class on the flight and it was so so so very sad. I was not worth a 1.00 but we gave them 300.00 for the seats. Anyway, our room was upgraded to 609 for 25.00 GET THIS ROOM! You have 1 King size bed, and two balconies I mean large balconies one is pool view the second is ocean it made the trip it really did. The gym was great I used it twice my husband daily, the restaurant with the buffet was our favorite we found a small mom and pops restaurant in Kauai (Eggberts) with the world best pancakes this place is number two, clean plates and silverware and great great food. I鈥檓 afraid of buffets but enjoyed this one daily in 6 days for twp people we spent about 400.00 on three meals daily be prepared! The Hotel is the only one in the area not the El Condeor or the Ritz that is within walking distance of local stores and restaurant, star bucks is across the street J and the other hotels don鈥檛 have shopping (Gucci, Louis Vutton, or just simply souvenirs and a beach none of them) Ok before I end TAKE the tour through the Rainforest via Priceline not the hotel it鈥檚 just like the real thing the tour guide was a proud man proud of his people鈥檚 history and the beautiful island he was so great! He made us think made us laugh and allowed us to really experience Puerto Rico. We had lunch in some small family restaurant in the Rain forest the food wad great the show was awesome (you鈥檒l see the show when you go ps what do you think about the dog on the roof) Thank you Marriott San Juan Thank you Priceline. Budget please get it together! Oh yeah were 33 years old saved don't drink, smoke or gamable and had a blast oh sorry so much but go see the Old San Juan Fort.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lazzerum
<Content>amazing in everyway My friend and I, very much in need of a vacation from NYC, booked a trip to San Juan. We chose the Marriott due to all the amazing reviews despite the more expensive price compared to other places on the condado strip. The Marriott exceded out expectations. In everyway.Our flight arrived at 10 am, and even though check in wasn't until 4pm, Juan at the front desk did everything he could to get us in early and had our room ready within 30 minutes. We walked into the room to see the most amazing view of the atlantic. The room was super clean, the bed super comfortable and the balcony had super comfortable chairs outside. About 10 minutes later, the Bell man Gabriel brought our luggage up and offfered to get us ice and asked if we needed anything from the vending machine. WowThe concierge Nancy went above and beyond to answer my 105 questions with knowledge and smiles the entire time.Emuanel at the bell stand got out taxi and reccommended the best hole in the wall place to eat in Old San Juan. So good.I could not reccommend this place more. Everything was amazing. It surpassed my hopes.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nanniex2
<Content>Luxury in Paradise This hotel was excellent. The service was outstanding. I have been traveling often for the last 10 years and this was one of the best hotels I have stayed in. The taxi ride cost $18 from the airport and $18 more to get to the cruise ports. The best part of all, the rooms were clean, which you can't alway say for the hotels in San Juan. There are several small restaurants across the street. We ate at the Piu Bella for breakfast and it was very good and only cost $5. They also have the world's best gelato, made there. Walgreen's is one block away.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Readi-2-go
<Content>Perfect location, couldn't ask for better Date: April 2008Reviewer: Chris - MissouriThe Marriott San Juan Resort  Stellaris Casino - You definitely get what you pay for here. From the minute you walk in the door with the marble floors, the bar right inside and live entertainment. We arrived at 9 PM on a Friday night and the party was already going! The entire staff was friendly, helpful and professional. The room itself was extremely nice. Big flat screen TV, nice bathroom with marble counters and plenty of room. The bed was sooooooo comfortable. I would like to have brought it home with me!My daughter had never gambled so we went to the casino. I was just getting ready to take her picture when security came over and said it wasn't allowed (oops!) We didn't know that. We were just trying to document her first try at the slot machine. We were on the 10th floor and had a city view. Didn't realize we had a balcony, and when we did the vew was spectacular. The view to the left was the Atlantic Ocean and the view to the right was the city. Naturally we preferred the view of the ocean.There were 2 pools, one was geared more for kids, but adults had fun in it too and the other had a swim up bar. The pools were never overcrowded and neither was the beach. There were always lounges available when you wanted them and there was always someone from the hotel there who would carry them to where you wanted. The beach was extremely clean and uncrowded. We were there from a Friday until Tuesday and even over the weekend it wasn't packed. There were two restaurants in the hotel. We only ate at LaVista. Food was good. I tried the buffet one night just to say I did. I definitely could not eat my monies worth, but the food was extremely good.The bar area was a lot of fun. There was live music every night and the drinks were great. It was always busy there in the evening, but not to where you couldn't find a spot to sit or dance and have fun. I would not hesitate to come back to this hotel at all.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LollyMoz
<Content>Great Experience! Stayed three nights 鈥?weekend getaway. Wish we could have stayed longer.鈥?Before arrival called the concierge desk and talked to Nancy who was fantastic. Although she was not able to assist me, she took my contact information in case we were cut off and transferred me to the tour desk where I dealt with Robert 鈥?another wonderful experience. Robert gave me a lot of great information and was extremely helpful. Moments later the phone rang and it was Nancy from concierge making sure I had gotten what I needed. This is before we even got there!鈥?We arrived very early 鈥?11:00 a.m. not expecting our room to be ready. Juan, at the front desk, was able to upgrade us (for a small fee) to an ocean front room on the 12th floor. We went and had lunch and when we came back at 12:30, our room was ready. The bags were delivered within moments of our getting in to the room and the bellman who delivered them was beyond helpful, getting us ice, giving us local area information, etc. We explored the room, which included a small fridge which comes in very handy, full size iron and ironing board, large size umbrella, two wonderful robes and slippers, plenty of good hangers, lots of towels and one bottle of complimentary water (replaced daily). By the way, for the lady who wrote in a previous review that she had such trouble securing a connecting room 鈥?they are available, as ours was a connecting room (1212). The room has a nice balcony with two chairs and a small table. We slept with the door open and the sound of surf putting us to sleep each night. All rooms are non-smoking, so you do have people outdoors smoking on their balcony, which can be annoying if the smell bothers you. The bathroom was really nice with plenty of counter space, four electrical outlets, a deep tub and rainshower-type shower head with good water pressure and plenty of hot water. A particular pet peeve of mine is a toilet that flushes so loud that it wakes up the rest of the floor in the middle of the night 鈥?in this case, the toilet is nice and quiet 鈥?I鈥檓 sure someone out there will appreciate my noting this particular fact! The bed was ultra comfortable as were the pillows 鈥?so much so that I actually ordered a couple of pillows from their on-line store. Cleanliness was top-notch 鈥?the room was spotless. We didn鈥檛 use wi-fi, so can鈥檛 address that issue.鈥?Staff 鈥?as I mentioned earlier, we had a wonderful experience with the staff. There was not one staff member that we encountered during our stay who was not friendly, helpful, and/or smiling. We received a courtesy call the evening of our arrival making sure that we had everything we needed. There are many bell staff opening doors, getting cabs (plenty of cabs readily available at the hotel and they have pre-negotiated rates to various oft-traveled locations, which is really nice).鈥?Pool 鈥?As previously mentioned, this hotel is family-friendly. If you object to kids, then keep this in mind. If, on the other hand, you are looking for a place that has activities designed for children, this is a great option. At the entrance to the pool there is a big activities board that lists all the goings-on for both kids and adults each day. At the towel desk, they also will loan out books and games for all ages. Beach chairs are plentiful, umbrellas do cost extra. Bar staff will wait on you while sitting at the pool and/or beach (the drinks are wonderful, but beware, they will sneak up on you).鈥?Beach 鈥?very rough, yes, but people were still swimming and there are many local young people who surf with boogie boards. The hotel keeps the beach clean. There is plenty of sun to be had on the beach for those who find the pool area too shaded.鈥?Security 鈥?plentiful, both inside the hotel, on the beach (Police on horseback, Police on scooters, Police on bicycles), and in the local area itself. We felt completely safe at all times. We stopped and chatted with one local lieutenant (tiente) who gave us some excellent tips about where to eat off the beaten path, etc. There are panhandlers, as in almost all cities, but they are not as aggressive as I鈥檝e seen elsewhere and the police keep a pretty close eye on them. Primarily they are soliciting change from cars at intersections or outside of shops. 鈥?Misc: Hotel elevators were prompt and high-speed and all in good working order, meaning we never had to wait more than a few moments for an elevator. Lobby bar is definitely the happening spot for dancing at night, offering different themes/styles of music on different evenings. Casino is small, but nice. No smoking in the casino, unlike Vegas. There is a small grocery/liquor store two blocks from the hotel (turn left as you exit the property) and a 24-hour Walgreens (does not sell alcoholic beverages) across the street. There are many restaurants offering any type of food you can think of, within easy walking distance of the hotel. El Dorado, a few blocks away and on a back street, offers a lunch special for $5.50 from 11-3 (you have to ask for it) with everything from chicken to pork chops to seafood and plentiful portions. If you are traveling with young ladies in your group, be aware that there is a tremendous amount of construction going on, and the construction workers are the same as in any other city. They sometimes pay more attention to the sights, than what they are supposed to be constructing. There is very high-end shopping a few blocks to the right as you exit the hotel 鈥?Gucci, Vuitton, Cartier, etc. We went on a catamaran trip with Eastwind Cats - snorkeling trip to Culebra - which was totally wonderful and worth every cent!鈥?All in all, we loved it and will be back. We may stay at La Concha next time 鈥?also a Marriott-owned Renaissance property 鈥?once their construction is done, as it seems they have fewer children and are a touch more upscale (check out their lobby and pool area 鈥?ultra sophisticated.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yasi218
<Content>Great stay in Marriott in April 2008 We just returned from our mini-vacation in San Juan, PR in Mid April, 2008. We chose Marriott because we trusted their chain all over the world for the professional service and clean rooms. Marriott San Juan is a perfect place to stay if you'd like a comfortable, clean room at a great, well-maintained place. Our room was on the 18th floor with beautiful ocean view. The hotel gets a little crowded at night due to live entertainment in the bar area, but we went out to Old Town San Juan every night and only can speak of one night we spent at Stellaris casino. To those who complain about the beach being closed: red flag meant there were waves and swimming was not recommended, you could sun bath as much as you wanted: I bet you would complain about the hotel even if it were raining. The beach is wonderful with comfortable lunges, literally two steps away from the hotel entrance. The beach itself is not the best as all the beaches around the island-you need to visit surrounding island if you want a great beach experience. The hotel has rather expensive Internet access of $15 per 24 hours and pricey breakfast for $25.00 which is not the best, but definitely better than surrounding restaurants. The Tuscany Italian Restaurant on the hotel鈥檚 ground floor is one of the best places for Italian food.I would highly recommend this hotel to couple without kids and those who rent a car on the island because of hotel鈥檚 location being pretty far away from all the historic sites and clubs and restaurant in the Old Town.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BeAnOrganDonorSave7X
<Content>30th Anniversary Trip       View from 12th floor room that faces west  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>booncanlas
<Content>Very nice Marriott by the beach I stayed two nights at this hotel the first week of April 2008. Many restaurants within walking distance. Well maintained hotel and very clean. Room was clean, bed nice and comfortable. Hotel restaurant was good and had a great Puerto Rican dinner buffet.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ChefTraveler
<Content>Disappointing We booked the Marriott San Juan, opting for a beach hotel over the boutique hotel in old San Juan. That turned out to be a big mistake, since the beaches were closed for our entire trip, due to high winds, making the pool area a total mob scene. Our rooms were very nice, with beautiful views of the ocean, extremely comfortable beds, and very nice bathrooms. The rooms were spotlessly clean, and we found the staff to be extremely friendly and helpful. The problem? The common areas. Obviously it's a casino, and that should have tipped us off, but there's absolutely no quiet spot to have a glass of wine or a relaxed after dinner drink. The big, loud bar, which dominates the main floor, has a slightly sleazy feel, as does the casino. Yes, we played the slots and had fun with it, but, aside from our rooms, there was just nowhere to escape.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>BethEmilio
<Content>pretty resort/great location Just returned from San Juan this weekend and had a very pleasant stay at the Marriott. My husband and I traveled with our 2 sons, 8 and 11. We arrived last Sunday, and we were pleasantly surprised by being able to check in early...I thought we'd be wandering around the hotel until around 4 pm, but we were in our room by 12 noon! That was great, as we changed and hit the beach. Yes, the water is ROUGH, but so much fun...my kids had so much fun riding in the waves that my husband and I joined in! It was a blast...I guess it could be dangerous for smaller children. The pool wasThe lobby was nice and there was a lot of activity there every night. It was not crowded when we were there, but I bet it gets very tight, as the tables are cramped together. I went to the casino for just about an hour, it was fine, but small.  We rented a car from Charlie's across the street for 3 days. It was great to be able to go back to Luquillo beach and even drove to Fajardo to Seven Seas beach. Both are gorgeous.! The restaurants in walking distance were all good. We were limited because of our kids, but we enjoyed Miro ( Spanish restaurant right across the street)..also, Piu Bella for breakfast and gelato was great. We liked Cafe de Angel, really good PR food, good prices.. Also, I would recommend Ummo, the argentinian grill down to the left. Had a great dinner there and it's a very stylish place. We went on a snorkeling trip with East Island Cats, recommended by the hotel and had a great trip. We took a van with a group of others to Fajardo to reach the catamaran. On the way there, our van got a flat...(really flat) we had to stop at a gas station...but they sent another van that was already at the marina to pick us up..they got there in 5 minutes, so it wasn't too bad. My kids thought it was quite the adventure. I was worried, but it worked out fine and I would recommend this trip. lots of fun!! I would recommend the Marriott, as a convenient location for walking to restaurants and having the Walgreens down the street. I think I would stay in Fajardo if I returned . it seems all the trips and the beaches are closer there than San Juan.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>lshewitt
<Content>Wonderful! Fantastic! Magnificent!       View from our room's balcony  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>smnlefty
<Content>Great Beach Hotel in San Juan Our family spent 5 nights at the San Juan Marriott Resort. Immediately I noticed that the staff was very friendly and professional. We arrived late morning and was presently surprised that we could check in our room early. We had a beach front king room with a sofa bed. The room is a typical Marriott room and the view was great.The hotel is in Condado about a 15 minute taxi ride to Old San Juan. Just outside the hotel is Starbuck and Haagen Dazs Ice Cream. There are plenty of restaurants near the hotel so you dont really need to go anywhere else. We never had a bad meal while in San Juan. There are great restaurants everywhere. The hotel and surrounding area have a Miami/South Beach feel. It appears that the local govt. is trying to modernize the Condado area. There is still some construction going on in the area and a few abandoned buildings.The hotel beach is small but nice. As everyone else as stated the red flag was out everyday. There is an undertow but it was manageable. My son is 10yrs old and he had no problem in the water. The waves are perfect for boogie boards and body surfing. In fact seeing local kids boarding was a daily occurence. The sand is soft and the Marriott beach chairs are complimentary. Umbrellas were not. There are two pools, one with a water slide. The pool area is nice but a little small for a large resort. Chairs are at a premium so get down there early. As others noted there is alot of shade arond the pool. However you will have no problem getting a tan.I was a little suprised that there was not a kid's program at the hotel. Although I knew this before we left, once we got there and saw the amount of kids I thought they should of offered one at the property. We have been to other Marriott resorts and they had a Marriott Kids Club. There are organized activities for the kids by the pool daily though.We went snorkling through East Wind and the trip was great. Also a trip to the Rain Forest, El Yungue, is a must. Take the La Mina Falls trail and swim in the waterfall. This was one of the highlights of the trip.The Marriott is a great central location to see San Juan and Puerto Rico. We felt safe in the Condado area. There were cops everywhere and everyone, locals and staff, were very friendly.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>LongIslandLee
<Content>loved the marriott I was planning a girls getaway , no kids, no husbands and was looking for that perfect fit. We all agree we found it at this Marriott. The location was perfect, walking distance to shops and restaurants. The hotel lobby bar had awesome local music and was always busy. Security was always around and that was a concern of ours before we went. I must mention though that the island seemed very safe. To walk to the restaurants and shops was not a problem. The staff was beyond accomodating and friendly. They would go out of their way to be helpful. The only negative points I need to mention are the beach-water is extremely rough. Red flag each and every day. Also, the beach is not all that big to be able to take a nice walk. The other negative (not for us since we enjoy the sand) is the pool-it is shaded till about noon. All of us agree we would come right back here for our next getaway.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>travelduck111
<Content>Stellar! We really enjoyed our stay at the San Juan Marriott after our cruise. The location is absolutely perfect - right on the beach in a great area of San Juan. The rooms are nicely maintained with flat screen televisions and marble bathrooms. There is a nice size casino on premises as well as a lobby lounge with music and full bar. The pool is huge with a wading side and hottub. I especially liked the employees of the hotel. The security staff is all around and very friendly - not at all like the Miami Beach bouncers. The front desk person was also very nice but I could not talk her into a free upgrade. The only negatives I found at the hotel was the guy setting up beach chairs and umbrellas. I nicely asked him to set up an umbrella for my wife and he walked right past her and left the beach with the umbrella laying next to her. Also, the concerge with short black hair was on the phone when I approached the desk. I waited five minutes and she never even acknowleged my presence. Are you ready for some travel duck tips? 1. The hotel has two sections: a main tower and a cabana tower. In my opinion, you want to be in the main tower and insist on a room above the 10th floor. We had a city view room on the 11th floor and could still hear street noise below. Of course, the ocean view rooms are nicer but will come at a cost. I was very happy with the city view room which actually had a nice view of the city. Just don't spend the money for an upgrade and get a pool view room in the cabana tower or a floor lower than 10. The cabana rooms are set farther back from the beach and the lower floors appear to have palm trees blocking some of the rooms. 2. Who likes to spend $18 for a breakfast. If so, enjoy breakfast in the hotel. If you like to spend $3.95 for eggs, bacon, toast, and unlimited good coffee then walk across the street to your left to Piu Bello (the gelato place). When you get there, you can sit outside and enjoy the people passing by. The lunch menu also looked good.3. For an amazing dinner option, walk 15 minutes to your right across the street and go to Ajili M贸jili. The restaurant is fabulous and don't be scared away by the fancy exterior. I found people dressed nicely and very casually in there. The meal was very reasonable - $70 for two people including appetizer, nice tip, 2 entrees, and one drink each. Speaking of appetizer, you must order the sampler platter (1/2 order for two people is more than enough). You can thank me later.4. For lunch options, try Latin Star down the street. - also reasonably priced Puerto Rican food but a more casual setting. Avoid paying $3.25 for water at the hotel by stopping at Walgreens across the street to stock up.5. Enjoy a drink at the lobby bar at night which gets quite lively with the locals. I was there and ending up sitting next to a local who was passed out at the bar in his swimsuit. He woke up and bought these four older ladies from New York some drinks. However, the older ladies refused the drinks and told the nice local to get lost. They went and talked with some guys from New Jersey. I ended up having one of the drinks with the nice local. Okay, why am I telling you this story? Back to the tips :) 6. The beach is beautiful but the surf is extremely rough. Don't let your little ducks go in the water very far.7. A taxi to Old San Juan will cost $12. Don't be ripped off. Better yet, walk to the bus stop and catch the bus for $.75 (exact change needed). While at the bus stop, you will find a few other tourists from the hotel so you can split a cab as another option. 8. I found the streets very safe to walk at night with police everywhere. Of course, use common sense but walking to the above destinations should be perfectly fine. If you want any more TD tips, please feel free to ask!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Connecticut-Family12
<Content>Don't trust this hotel - they ruined our vacation before we got there! My family was excited to stay at this hotel. We are a normal family from New England and don't consider ourselves at all to be the high maintenance traveler type. We were traveling with 2 adults and 3 children ages 3,9, and 12. We booked our flights and were ready to go. That is until we ran into the brick wall that is the Marriot reservation system. We literally spent 3 days speaking directly with Marriot staff regarding our VERY SIMPLE ROOM REQUEST - 2 adjoining rooms with 2 double beds in each room - which we needed because of our young children. We travel extensively and we have NEVER experienced anything like the treatment we received from the Marriot staff. The bottom line is that Marriot was going to charge us $6,000 for two rooms (which we were ready and willing to pay), but they could not guarantee that 1) the rooms were adjoining and 2) that each room had 2 double beds. In an era of computers, i could not believe that they could not grant our request. I spent HOURS upon HOURs speaking with Marriot staff and managers at the reservation desk an the front desk at the hotel itself - each time, the story was different. Finally, a reservation agent said we could have a suite with two double beds and a pull out couch, which would have worked well for us in lieu of the 2 double rooms. But i had not seen this configuration offered on the hotel website so, before i booked it, i asked are you sure the hotel offers this suite configuration. The answer was a very firm yes we do. A few minutes after we booked the reservation, the confirmation email arrived and stated that the reservation was for a suite with one king bed and a pull out couch. My husband and i became so frustrated and distrustful of Marriot's service that we cancelled our plans to go to Puerto Rico - with our young children, we could not afford to arrive at the hotel with all of the unknowns we faced over the phone. If this was the honeymoon how as the marriage going to be. We will never stay at a Marriot again based on the gross incompetence that we dealt with while booking our stay. And we are still mystified that Marriot could not confirm a stay with two rooms with double beds in each room - it doesn't make any sense to us!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>nwinnette
<Content>Loved Condado Beach Area We stayed at the San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino for 2 nights prior to sailing on the Crown Princess. On a previous visit to San Juan we stayed at the Marriott Courtyard Miramar. There is no comparison. The Courtyard is downtown with few amenities and not too safe area after dark. The Resort Marriott is great. It offers activities around the great pool area and multiple restaurants. There is a swim-up bar at the pool, beachfront bar/cafe and a lobby bar. We were upgraded to an ocean view room upon arrival when we mentioned that it was our anniversary. The room was spacious with a flat screen tv, lounge chair w/ottoman, desk/chair, inroom safe, and one of the best hotel beds we've experienced. The bathroom is also spacious with very nice amenities--robes, slippers, upscale products. We did not bring our laptop, but there is a Business Center where you can use one of the multiple computers to check email and print boarding passes. The Condado Beach area is very nice and safe. There are many restaurants within walking distance, both upscale and casual and lots of shops. There's a Starbucks across the street and a Walgreen's drug store within a few blocks. There were all age groups staying at the hotel with activities for all. Our only complaint/comment would be the resort fee added to the daily room rate. For us it was $19.50 per day and included a daily bottle of water, lounge chair/umbrellas @ beach, room internet access, wireless in public area/pool, free local calls, $5 casino match play coupons. Not sure why this wasn't just include in the regular rate? It's not like we had a choice! That being said, we would still definitely stay there again when visiting San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edsatty
<Content>Nice Hotel but beach/pool a dissapointment We stayed at this hotel for just one night (March 14) prior to a cruise departure. I agree with prior reviews warning that the pool at this hotel is very small, and is positioned such that there is virtually no sun to be had. Also, the beach for this hotel is at a very rought rocky part of the area for some reason. In fact, we tried to walk down to the beach at around 6:30 pm and the gate was locked!! We walked further down the beach towards the new Renaissance and beyond, and the beach was much wider, nicer and waves not so rough. Note: there were some major opening problems with the Renaissance noted on recent reviews, but if they get those worked out, that hotel is stunning. The Marriott rooms are very nice, newly renovated. We got a standard room and had no complaints. We could not check into our room until 4 pm , however-- this seemed to be a standard response to everyone trying to check in the day we arrived. They gave out beepers ours did not work, because when I checked back at the front desk just before 4 pm, they said, oh, we beeped you. They also had my cell phone, and no one called. My husband is a platinum Marriott rewards member, and they acted like they could have cared less. We also checked our luggage with the bellman, and when we handed over our stubs to get them when our room was ready, he gave us someone else's luggage! They also told us our platinum arrival gift had been delivered to our room - never arrived. The hotel was sold out supposedly the night we were there, but let's hope this is not their standard level of service. Luckily, we stayed here for points, otherwise I would have been a little upset to have paid almost $400 per night (the quoted room rate if not booking for points)  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>WENEEDAVACA
<Content>Very Clean and Friendly! Very clean and friendly hotel in the middle of the upscale Condado district. Conveniently located near Old San Juan; you must visit El Morro. You can take a bus for just 75 cents each way [busses run inconsistently], or a cab if you prefer. Cheap rental car place called Charlie's across the street is recommended versus the onsite Hertz rental. We drove to the rain forest and Luquillo beach [very close to one another]. Highly recommend for a day trip. Near Hotel there is good selection of shopping and restaurants. If you can't be without your Starbucks, there is one across the street, and a big Walgreens just blocks away for anything you may have forgotten. However I thought the hotel coffee was superior to any Starbucks. Hotel has a casino, or you can go to others nearby. HOTEL staff was VERY polite and helpful at every turn. They really want to please you.The lobby gets quite loud at night because everything is in the lobby area. Food in Condado area is very expensive. Mini frig in room is good for keeping water bottles , juice, snacks, etc... Plenty of convenience store options nearby to stock up on these. Restaurant selection in the neighborhood is good, though we did not have any outstanding meals at any of them. La Concha down the street has good tapas, but again expensive. We had our 2 kids with us, because it was spring break. My younger one had fun, my pre-teen was a bit bored. Nothing really for teens to do at hotel. Pool is small for a hotel of this size -- no deep water for diving, and no swim lanes if that is important to you. 2 Shallow connected pools and water slide make it a good pool environment for families that have YOUNG kids [under 10]. Swim up bar is convenient for lunch. Beware on the weekends [especially holiday/school breaks]-- this place gets swamped with people, making it hard to get pool/beach chairs. They have a club membership for locals to join and use the facilities, and when we arrived Easter weekend, it was a ZOO! Ocean is very rough, so recommend taking day trips to calmer beaches like Luquillo or Isla Verde, particularly if you have kids and/or like longer beach walks. My kids had a blast at Luquillo, and they have lifeguards there as well as bathrooms, food, parking etc... NOTE: Most beaches in PR are public, and many including the hotel do not have lifeguards. There are some unsightly graffitied buildings adjacent to the hotel beach area, and lots of police around for some reason, so if a serene gorgeous tranquil beach is a high priority, this is not the beach for you. I recommend this hotel for people who will venture out, rent a car and take advantage of all the things that the island has to offer -- there is a lot to see and do! However if you are coming for an extended stay and want a place with lots of things to do on the premises and are NOT willing to venture out, then this hotel is limited in its amenities/activities. Also, there is a decent health club [enjoyed using it], complete with staff, and an adjoining spa [didn't use; heard it was okay]. You can keep up with your workout while on vacation. I noticed that many people are out jogging and walking for fitness on the Condado, probably due to its flat terrain. Seemed to be a popular place for business travelers to stay due to convenient location near business districts, and airport. It may seem that I didn't like the hotel, but I did. I just wish that it was less crowded when we arrived on the weekend; during the week it was noticeably less crowded making for a more enjoyable experience. Perhaps during a NON-school break week it would be more relaxing. The weather was beautiful and spring is great in PR, because it is warm without being overly hot. Summer in Puerto Rico can be extremely uncomfortable due to the very strong sun and high temps. No matter what time of year you travel to PR, bring lots of sunblock, and some aloe in case you get burned. Also, hat/visor and sunglasses are a MUST. Have fun and, Welcome to the island of enchantment!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Dana4U
<Content>Location Leaves A Lot to be Desired The hotel itself is since - although it is dated and shows the wear both inside and out. (The interior of the room has been updated - but not the building itself). Not sure if we picked a bad week to travel (the week after Easter Sunday), but the place was packed with kids. Not that we are anti-children, but we are anti-loud screaming and over crowded pools. The hotel is right between two properties that are completely run down and looks as if they have just been bombed out. Not at all what we were expecting from the photos on the Marriott web-site. You can only walk the beach in one direction due to rocks going the other way. There are only two restaurants in the hotel and one of them is only open for dinner. By comparison, we stayed at the Casa Magna Marriott in Cancun last year and were expecting the same type of resort this time. Boy were we wrong - the two are nothing alike and neither are the neighborhoods. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere to stay (maybe the Ritz) or choose another destination altogether!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>joanColumbus_OH
<Content>Relaxing hotel, central location We enjoyed our stay at the San Juan Marriott. We have 2 teenage girls and promised them a few days at the beach. We had full sun each day and came home very tan. We got an umbrella on the beach each day and tipped the chair guy - we did not get charged for the umbrella.Check-in: Our room was not ready when we arrived (3:30 p.m.), but they ended up upgrading us to an oceanview room, and that was worth the wait! It was fabulous to keep the door open  fall asleep to the waves every night. We also got $100 off the room for the delay. Get a room on one of the top floors!Disliked: If you want to sit by the pool, you will either be in the shade or need to move your location throughout the day. Full sun area was only on the beach during our stay.Staff: They were helpful to us on nearly every occasion. The only snag was the concierge area...the hotel was sold out during our stay so if you wanted their help for dinner, you would probably have to wait. The bellmen, front desk, housekeeping, etc. were very responsive.Food: We only ate at the La Vista once, upon arrival when our room wasn't ready. Pricy but decent. The rest of the time, we either went to Old San Juan for dinner or walked to the numerous places along Ashford Street, and enjoyed our meals every time.Tip: Stock up on beverages or grocery items across the street at Walgreen's...  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>jadevai
<Content>Great Hotel, Reviews are right on Still here on March 28th. All the reviews I read on this website have been spot on. The rooms here are decorated nicely and seem to be newly renovated. I would definitely give the rooms a 10. I am sitting here with my laptop writing, with the balcony door open and I can hear the ocean waves hitting the shore. I am here with my wife and 6 teenage kids. We have been sleeping with the balcony door open and the beds are so comfortable! We are on the third floor in the tower overlooking the beach. This is a PERFECT room and location. We have 314 and 315. There is a shorter adjacent building called the cabanas, I don't know much about it, but I can tell you that this room and location is awesome. If you are coming here to relax on the beach it is perfect, if you are a pool person I might think twice. The pool is ok, but not one of the better ones. My family has no interest in hanging by the pool here. This is not a trendy or modern hotel either. It is a cross between a business hotel and a family hotel. The casino is right in the lobby and there is a nice bar there as well. The staff here is great. Everyone here is helpful and nice. Ashford avenue (the street the hotel is on) is a great street to walk up and down. There are great restaurants up and down. Last night we ate at a place 2 blocks down on the left side. I can't remember the name of it but it had a green awning and we ate under it. It was phenomenal! A little pricey, but expected. The service is slow around here, but I expected that. This isn't NYCity. All in all, I would definitely recomend this hotel and area; we are having a blast.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>partyvegas
<Content>Loved the Stellaris in Puerto Rico! I would like to say that the hotel itself was beautiful. We certainly had a beautiful updated room. The carpeting was like new, the room was spacious, very updated with a bigscreen and we had a balcony overlooking the pool and the ocean. Front desk went above and beyond the call of duty and so did the bell service. Our only complaints where that the fine dining restaurant with the buffet said they served until 10:00 but at 9:00 pm they started putting up the food and we where still eating. They never even informed us that they would be doing that or we would have gone somewhere else.We got there at 8:30 and thought we had plenty of time to eat. Also the concierge was not the most helpful. We ended up asking the bartender on the main floor where to go and what to do. His name was Rosendo and he was awesome! After spending $30 one way by taxi to go to Old San Juan for the first two days, we where told by Rosendo that the city bus picks you up just at the end of the first block. It was 75 cents one way. What a difference! You have to have the exact change so go to the casino and get change or the front desk. For the next 3 days we rode the bus. If you go to Old San Juan try and get back before dark since the bus station is kind of dark. I felt pretty safe though, they had police patrolling inside. When you go back to your hotel on the bus they will let you off one block over from your hotel. Just tell the bus driver and he'll let you know when to get off. Usually there are other tourists getting off at the same bus stop. The bus wait is about 15-30 min. NEVER step in front of a bus, they do drive pretty fast. We also went to the Mall of America on the bus. It took about an hour going and coming, but what do you expect for 75 cents? WE got to see a lot of Puerto Rico though, and it was fun.Whew!!! The mall was fantastic! A huge modern mall with lots of neat places to eat and shop. If I went I would start back to the bus stop around 4pm to be sure you get back to the hotel before dark. We ate at the Dragonfly restaurant in Old San Juan which was quite an experience. It is not a place for children. It is a tiny restaurant. Their drinks are awesome, its kind of a party place. They have 2 bars, one in the front and one way, way in the back. We where at the one in the back. It was really fun.The food is Asian and expensive, but really good. The Fort is in Old San Juan. Its about 3 blocks away from where the bus station is. It's on a park. Just look for it you'll see it. It was really very neat and the views from there are gorgeous! Great for pictures. A really delicious place to eat ,is across the street from the hotel. I can't remember the name of it. But you will see the stairs going up to the restaurant and its beside Starbucks. The lobster there was HUGE! My husband was in heaven when he got it. It isn't cheap but well worth it if you love lobster. Enjoy your stay. I would go back again now that I know the system a little bit better. The beaches are gorgeous and the sand is white. The people are so friendly, and will help you.Just picture perfect. Adios all...learn a little spanish there too! :))  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MadCity23
<Content>Great, relaxing stay at the Marriott My husband and I stayed at the Marriott for 7 days with our two young sons (9  6). We found the hotel safe, the beach clean and beautiful and the pool was great because there was no deep end so we could relax a little more than usual. The room was clean and the beds comfortable and the staff was incredibly courteous and friendly. The only drawback for us was the food--La Vista restaurant didn't exactly offer fresh or inspiring cuisine. But this is the only on-site option for lunch and to please the small-child palette. Admittedly my husband and I are foodies and would have been very adventurous if we'd been without the kids, but for poolside snacks we were stuck with La Vista. Our kids were perfectly happy with the cuisine there--although after a few days even they got sick of chicken nuggets and hot dogs. It was, without a doubt, incredibly expensive for what you got. At nearly $400 per night for the room and note even an included continental breakfast, this was a VERY expensive vacation.We got from this vacation exactly what we needed--an easy to reach, relaxing locale that didn't require too much work and negotiating food choices for the kids. I would stay at the Marriott again with kids. If we were going without them, however, we might stay elswhere on the island away from the big-box food chains.Another observation about food--the restaurants we went to were all incredibly expensive. It wasn't unusual (even away from the hotel) to spend $120 on lunch and more on dinner. And we didn't even go to what Frommer's deems expensive!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChicagoBeachguy
<Content>Updated rooms but not much else I've stayed at literally hundreds of Marriotts and the rooms in this one were very nicely updated with new furniture, new bathroom with granite, and a fresh makeover. The location is great and close to stores and great eateries and a Starbucks literally across the street! You can also tell this is an up and coming area with very high end shops six to eight blocks away and lots of new development. It's also on the beach which is nice, and actually larger than many other hotel beaches on the island.The casino is decent size although pretty tight.It only receives 3 stars because of the following:pool - it looks huge from the picture but one of the pools is a kiddie pool, leaving only one for hundreds of guests. food - a disaster. We ate a brunch at the place downstairs and the food was so terrible I didn't eat --- and I always eat. Plus it was pricey. staff - not helpful or friendly. Had a double billing on an internet charge and the front desk acted like it was my fault and even talked about me in Spanish with a coworker in front of me apparently not knowing or caring I understand Spanish.lobby - none to speak of except the bar and many tables/chairs set up for the dance floor which was very popular with locals. Interesting to watch, but not every night.kids - tons of them. If you want rest and relaxation, good luck. Maybe your timing will be better than ours but it was crawling with kids whose parents thought vacation meant letting my kids run around screaming and yelling at each other. Note --- the pool was a mini waterslide. Sitting in this are is hazardous to your health haha.Do yourself a favor and rent a car. See the island and go to the beaches. Beware of the cabs if you don't speak Spanish. Many tried to inflate the cost and di not use a meter. Make sure you know the cost from the hotel to hot spots like the mall or Old SanJuan and give them the money plus tip. Don't ask how much? You'll get a different answer for the same trip each time.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>purplejenn11
<Content>Great Service, Great Hotel       Beach  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>innov8
<Content>Beautiful! My room looked out to the swimming pool and the beach. The view was breathtaking! Book room above 5th floor to avoid trees blocking views. Check-in at front desk was slow might due to busy weekend. Love the view, bed and bedding, bathtub, even the shampoo. With Starbucks across street, and fabulous restaurants within walking distance, I did not bother with room service or and hotel bar. Could not use the swimming pool (someone fell and died that evening), otherwise my stay was perfect.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>derekluther
<Content>Stayed a week on business Was in the San Juan area on business. This was a great place to stay. It's location made it easy to get to all of my appointments. The hotel was very clean and the staff very helpful. One housekeeping supervisor noticed me reading a map and chimed in with great directions that I wouldn't have figured out on my own. Hosted a dinner for some local clients in Tuscany Restaurant and was very pleased with the meal and service. There's lots of food within walking distance too...the small grocery (leaving the hotel, turn left) was perfect for stocking the fridge in the room. Several restaurants to choose from as well.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>kellygirl67
<Content>Nice Hotel in the Middle of Everything Three friends and I stayed at the San Juan Marriott for three nights (Mar. 6, 2008 through Mar. 9th) as a girl's winter getaway weekend. We arrived for check-in early (around 1:30pm) and were told that they had assigned us rooms but that they weren't ready yet, so they held our bags in a storage area near the front entrance and we were given a claim check to pick up our luggage when we got our room keys. Instead of sitting around the lobby (or pool) to wait for the rooms, we decided to take the tour of the Bacardi Factory ($35.00 to get there by taxi although the tour itself was free) and decided to stop for an early dinner on the way back. We took the ferry from the area near the Bacardi factory (taxi- $3 pp to get from the Bacardi Factory to the ferry and then $.50 for the ferry itself). We ate at La Mallorquina in OSJ and then caught a taxi back to the hotel ($15) so we didn't get back to the hotel till after 6pm at which time our rooms were ready. We got two pool/ocean view rooms w/ double beds on the 11th floor which were clean and very comfortable with a very nice balcony and view. I noticed that our bathroom door squeaked but I fixed it using some lip balm... Our A/C also made a strange clunking sound every time the blower cut off but we quickly got used to it. As other posters have mentioned, the lobby does get loud w/ the local musicians each night, but we couldn't hear it in our rooms at all.... We went downstairs for a drink in the lobby bar and to check out the casino our first night, and noticed that the locals outnumbered the hotel guests 2-1 in the lobby bar and casino (and even more so on Friday and Saturday night) but we weren't treated any differently by anyone (ie. bartenders or casino staff) because we were hotel guests. On Friday we ate breakfast across the street at Starbucks even though they do have a small 'market bakery' food area right in the hotel lobby where you can buy pastries, bagels coffee etc.. then went on an organized tour of El Yunque rainforest and Luquillo Beach. When we got back to the hotel at 5pm we went to the beach but were told exactly at 6pm that the beach was closing (not sure why they close the beach at 6pm each night?) so we moved to the pool area~which says it closes at 7pm although I always saw people in the pool area past 7pm (at least in the hot tub area). As other posters have mentioned, the pool area doesn't get sun until later on in the day and then only for a little while, but I took a quick dip and the water wasn't too cold for me. There were several kids in the pool too although I noticed that the water slide was dry (I hadn't noticed earlier in the day whether it had been working then or not). The air temp. was about 80 degrees every day and the only rain we had the entire trip was late on Saturday evening and it was very brief. After our quick stop at the pool we went to our rooms to change for dinner and ate dinner at the Hotel restaurant Tuscany's (Italian). Everyone enjoyed their meals and afterwards we went upstairs to have a drink in the lobby/bar and listened to the music for a while although it was a little disconcerting because the hotel had a Mexican theme night so they had both a Mexican Marichi group playing and then they alternated that music w/ the local latin salsa/merengue group. We were all tired from our tour so we went to bed around 11:30 pm although I'm sure the party in the lobby lasted until Saturday morning (the casino stays open till 4am). On Saturday we had breakfast in the hotel 'casual dining' restaurant La Vista and although I only had a bagel my friends had the breakfast buffet and said everything tasted pretty good. We went to the beach until noon (there were plenty of chairs and umbrellas available at that time and I always saw several piles of extra chairs so finding a chair was no problem and the hotel staff was very good about moving beach chairs around and setting up umbrellas for guests). I read another post that mentioned the umbrellas cost extra to rent and while we didn't get one ourselves I didn't notice others who did get them paying the staff so I'm not sure whether they're included as part of the resort fee they tack on (approx. $21.00 per night per room) or not? We went to our rooms to change (they had already been cleaned!) and took a taxi into OSJ to go shopping and have a late lunch/early dinner at the Parrot Club. Later on that night, we got a little hungry so we went to La Vista a little before 10pm (I believe they close at 10pm) and the waiter was very accomodating even though they were about to close up for the night, when we said we only wanted to have dessert and coffee. The desserts were all delicious!! On Sunday morning, we went to the beach for a few hours before check-out and then headed up to shower and check-out by noon. After checkout we had a drink in the lobby bar and left to catch a taxi to the airport at 1pm for our flight back home at 4:45pm. We were advised by our taxi driver that the airport got very busy on Sundays so we got there by 1:30pm and while it was busy the USDA Agricultural checkpoint and the TSA security checkpoint lines moved very quickly so we sat around waiting for our flight for about 2.5 hrs. All in all, a very nice trip... Each hotel staff person we encountered were all very friendly and attentive and we would definitely return to the hotel again as it was a perfect area in the middle of everything in San Juan.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pallmalls
<Content>Beautiful Property.......Take a sweater! My wife and I were looking for a Marriott property that might be a fun vacation. I travel quite a bit and stay at Marriott very often, so once a year we decide to go somewhere warm. Last year we stayed in St. Thomas at the Frenchman's Reef Marriott, and decided to try Puerto Rico this year. The hotel was immaculate. We were greeted at the front desk and received an upgrade due to my Marriott status. We had an ocean view room which was very clean and enjoyed the king size bed and flat screen TV. The pool area was very large, but too many trees around the pool which blocked the sun. We had to move our lounge every hour or so to find the sunny spots. Also, San Juan is very windy, and I am not talking about soft tradewinds, these were very strong at times and blew our towels and shoes around the pool deck. We asked some of the locals and they confirmed that it was always that windy. If you are out of the sun and the wind picks up it can get very chilly. Pros1. Very Clean Hotel2. Very friendly staff3. Tuscany Restaurant was amazing (Get the Osso Bucco)4. Pool Bar made great drinks (Get the Rum Island Tea)5. Other food choices right near the hotel (Go To Level 25 at the La Concha Resort)6. Starbuck's across the street.7. Executive Lounge at hotel was great for a light breakfast.Cons1. Windy....Very Windy2. No sun at pool3. Beach was nice, but wind gave it a sandblast effect.4. View down the beach was of old abandoned buildings.5. Food at La Isla not so great.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TimandMikki
<Content>perfect getaway for couples! My wife and I have two little kids. We needed a weekend getaway for just the two of us, badly! Let me just say the San Juan Marriott Stellaris Casino was perfect for us. I don't know where to start but first of all it is very clean. The beds were quite comfortable. The hotel is right on the beach, so you leave the door and you are there. There is a great outdoor pool with a swim up bar. Lots of chairs and palm tree shade. As for food, my wife and I chose not to rent a car (airport to hotel and vice versa transport is a breeze) so for food we walked everywhere. There are lots of great little Mom and Pop restaurants within a few blocks of the place. The food was great. We did not eat at the hotel, so I can not tell you about that food. For one night, we went to Old San Juan. We met another couple at the hotel bar and we checked it out together. We took a public bus on our way their and a cab on the way back. Both were really easy to do. Even intoxicated. I can't think of a bad thing to say about this place. My wife and I don't gamble, but we did notice the casino wasn't that great. But then again, we don't gamble so it didn't matter to us at all.I highly reccommend that you spend a few extra bucks and get an ocean view room. We did. It was really well worth it. We slept with the balcony doors wide open and could fall asleep to the sound of ocean waves.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>MattnKel402
<Content>Enjoyed the Marriott, beware if you're looking for sun at the pool My husband and I split our time between the Ritz and the Marriott on our trip to Puerto Rico. Besides the value, the Marriott impressed us more! We experienced great service, very nice rooms, and enjoyed the live music at night. The balcony was a great feature that we missed when we moved to the Ritz. We took advantage of the club level appetizers and desserts, and they were great. The restaurant recommendations and knowledgeable staff were better at the Marriott than the Ritz. My only complaint is one that the Marriott can鈥檛 help, but you really need to pay attention to. Their building blocks most of the sun from the pool, most of the time. So at a given time of day, there are about 10 chairs in the sun. If you鈥檙e staying on business, I鈥檓 sure the Marriott was great. We were there to relax in the sun and get away from holiday stress, and we really had trouble finding a sunny spot to layout. There were plenty of available chairs, just none in the sun. Might seem like something you can overlook, but it was actually very annoying.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MarkC_7
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Service **We booked a single night for Friday, 2/15/08, as a stopover before a cruise that left on Saturday morning. We selected a pool/oceanview room. The room was very expensive ($436), but that was because it was the weekend before the President's Day holiday -- apparently all the hotels in San Juan jack up the prices for that period.***We arrived in the lobby about 1:00 pm and it was very busy (many cruise people) -- I was worried that the very busy staff would provide mediocre service or that we wouldn't be allowed to check in so early. Not the case at all! I got in line for check-in, and while I was waiting, a waiter came by with a tray of free fruit drinks. Nice touch. When I got to the counter, the hotel person was friendly, cheerful and efficient -- got us checked right in.***The room we got was in the short part of the hotel (8 stories -- not the tower). The room was nicely appointed with beautiful bed spreads and nice furniture. The bathroom was about average size, but very nice -- marble countertop and large shower.***The pool area was nice, with more friendly staff. It was really beautiful at night.***The restaurants/food was expensive but good. The evening buffet was about $30/person. They also had a very nice outdoor buffet by the pool.***Overall, this hotel had the look and feel of an upscale hotel, and the service (and price!) matched it.***I have stayed at one other San Juan hotel -- the Intercontinental in 2006 at the same time of year and about the same price. Both were very nice and I was pleased with the service and pool/beach areas at both hotels. The Intercontinental has a nicer pool/beach area, and the Stellaris has a little nicer rooms. Overall I would recommend either of these two hotels.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lilmic1976
<Content>Nice Accomodations (This review was written by a frequent traveler with no kids.)Pros: 1. Clean, nice rooms, nice bathroom2. Great staff3. Nice beach- waves good for jumping, boogie boarding, plenty of available lounge chairs on the beach4. Clean pool5. Condado area safe. Upscale shopping in walking distance6. Nice restaurants in walking distance.7. Short $13-16 cab ride to old san juan, airport and isla verde8. KID friendly with small water slide9. Tijuana is a restaurant with relatively cheap but good mexican food across the street- again kid friendly. Good for lunch 10. The drinks were really tasty at the pool barCons: 1. if you're looking for complete and utter relaxation without kids- this is not the place. it is very kid friendly. lots of kids- running around the pool, in the hot tub, etc2. Most everyone was a business traveler. Lots of spouses/significant others/ friends mooching for a free hotel stayand again lots of kids.3. The pictures of the pool on the website is deceptive. Half of the pool is really a kiddie pool-(shallow). The other half of the pool is pretty small. And kids mostly swim in the adult half because it has a small water slide. 4. Not really a romantic or relaxing place to stay because of the kids./families (BUT, everything is nice, clean. It's just small, so there will be kids splashing you and crying occasionally. It wasnt terrible, but the first thing i noticed was most everyone was staying with someone on a business trip)  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WallyJr
<Content>Solid Marriott We visited this property for a long weekend getaway and the fact that we were able to take advantage of very low airfare. We wanted a relaxing weekend of beach lounging, casino gaming, and Caribbean dining. This property delivered. While not in the newest section of beach properties (like Isla Verde), it had a great pool area and an adequate but small beach (with free chaise and umbrellas) that was fairly crowded over the weekend. We were upgraded to a Jr. Suite on the 20th floor which was very nice and quiet. The only complaint would be that the bathroom was pretty small. It was nice to view the city, beach and Old San Juan from our balconies. The casino is smallish but hosts most all table games and poker. I found the employees very friendly and bilingual. We enjoyed the local music performed at the lobby bar - it made you feel like you were in the Caribbean!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Iamuzak
<Content>Good Stay at the Marriott We enjoyed our stay at the Marriott. We went with our 2 children (79). Here's the good and bad:We liked:1. The kids loved the pool area, cascading water and waterslide. (Waterslide only open at certain times though.)2. Beautiful beach location.3. Nice, clean rooms with great housekeeping staff.4. Friendly  accomodating front counter staff.5. Fantastic Italian resturaunt in the hotel. The food at La Vista was not so good. IE: A couple of days the pancakes at the breakfast buffet were nearly fossilized. In another instance, at an outdoor BBQ, we had a chef grille 3 hamburgers for us. I had to take the burgers back 3 times because it was grossly undercooked: very bloody. Not typical food from a Marriott. Perhaps a bad week.Overall, we would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>annieb_8
<Content>Wonderful Staff Wonderful Service We stayed 5 nights at the San Juan Marriot and truly enjoyed our short vacation. The hotel is a quick, 15 minute, ride from the airport and Old San Juan is also a 15 minute taxi ride..The resort is spotless, the staff is very friendly and helpful, the restaurants are very good for hotel restaurants and rooms are beautiful. The beach is very clean and there is staff to assist with beach umbrellas and chairs.What truly sets this hotel apart from other San Juan resorts is the employees. The hotel manager could not have been more accessible or helpful, the concierges worked tirelessly but always with a smile, the busy casino staff were terrific and the waiters at both Tuscany and Vista restaurants were great. Security staff was abundant and friendly.The only slight disappointment was the ocean was too rough for swimming during our stay--but the two pools are lovely and well maintained.Don't hesitate to stay at this hotel!!! The location is the best and you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>vamary
<Content>Had A Good Time       Marriott San Juan Resort  Stellaris Casino  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>happywanderer
<Content>Hopping Hotel My husband and I just came back from Puerto Rico. We had a great time. We usually stay at a Marriott Resort when we travel because we don't like surprises. This particular Marriott was very clean, the staff was very friendly and the location suited our needs. We wanted to be in an area where we could jog in the morning and walk to restaurants at night. It was also a short taxi ride to Old San Juan where there are many terrific restaurants. We ate at The Parrot Club, Marmalade and Sonne in Old San Juan. My husband said he had one of the best Filet Mignon's in his life at Sonne's. In Condado we ate at Ajili-mojili and Ropa Vieja. Ropa Vieja was very good but the staff had a bit of an attitude.This particular Marriott is not up to par with some at other locations(i.e. Aruba and Harbor Beach in Fort Lauderdale). One reason is that the pool area is small and very shady. The hotel just didn't have the same feel as some of the others. It wasn't as fancy maybe.. But the hotel lobby is jumping at night! There was great energy in the place and I loved watching the locals dance! The beach is nice but there is so much construction going on in the area that the view along shore is not the nicest. It's not terrible but there are a lot of cranes in the area. Just face your chair towards the ocean which is a beautiful blue and you'll be fine. The area is being built up tremendously. We had an ocean view room so we did not see the other buildings while sitting on our deck. It's very true about the rough water. A father and his son had to be pulled out of the water because the waves were forcing them up against the rocks.If you are looking for a clean room, with nice amenities in a central location then this is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lvs2cruz
<Content>Loved the Marriott Stellaris       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cam67_99
<Content>Excellent Stay We stayed here for two days prior to our cruise. We had read that upon arrival many people had to wait for their room, which we did also, however, sitting out at the beach bar, with the sound of the ocean and just relaxing after traveling all day was really not a bad wait!Our room had a balcony that overlooked the pool and beach. The views were great. Staff here was very professional and helpful. We received a great recommendation for dinner both nights. One of the nights we went into Old San Juan for dinner at a restaurant called Marmalade. If you get the chance, I would highly recommend having the hotel make a reservation for you. Overall this is a great place to stay and would highly recommend staying if you get the chance.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Ahip
<Content>excellent hotel Just a quick review to confirm the previous positive comments. We stayed with Marriott points, had an excellent room with no problems except for a minor issue with the in-room safe which they sent someone up to fix. Location worked well for us with not only the option of a coffee bar in the lobby but the Starbucks across the street. One point to remember (as noted in previous reviews) is the lobby bar area which is a high volume party on weekends. Make sure your room is at least above the 4th floor or so (we were on the 15th) or you'll risk hearing it at night. All in all an excellent stay and we would definitely come back.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>billcat
<Content>Exceptional Marriott property This Marriott property is one of the best I have stayed at. the majority of reviews I read on the property were positive but the few did indicate some concerns. From the moment I arrived I was impressed. Because I have been fortunate to stay in some of the best hotels in North America, Mexico, and the Carribean I am not easily impressed. I was impressed because there was great music playing in the lobby. The lobby was furnished in a modern decor. The rooms were well maintained and contained 32 inch flat screen tv's. The one complaint I did agree with was the room's air conditioning was somewhat inadequate. However, the pool area was beautiful, water slide was fun, and the hot tub was great. The pool side restaurant food was just ok but the service was excellent and my kids loved the extra attention. My kids also liked the free board games they provided them. My wife and I liked the happy hour.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sci
<Content>Recommend highly My husband and I just returned from a week at the San Juan Marriott. We booked a room with a city view and upon arrival, got upgraded to a corner room, which is always more spacious and in this case, had two balconies to choose from. The room was beautiful and well maintained - great bedding! Every single person we encountered at this hotel (staff) couldn't have been more pleasant or accommodating. Housekeeping, security, concierge, bar, beach hands, towel keepers, casino workers - everyone is obviously so well trained in hospitality. We were impressed. The beach here is small and if you are one to lounge all day, you will have to position yourself way to the left of the hotel in the morning, so that when the sun hits the hotel around noon, you are not caught in the shade. Being on the Atlantic side, the sand is not the usual Caribbean white powder, rather a grainy yellow. Not that this is a problem, just a heads up. Same with the pool area - while lovely, it is shaded by the hotel and trees. The surf can be wild, and the undertow is something to take seriously. You will not find the calm and gentle waves of the Caribbean on this beach. That said, I think it is a positive.The restaurants in Condado are fabulous. We loved Tijuana's close by. The food is authentic and delicious with great service. The La Mama margarita makes it worth the visit and I'll leave it at that! We also found Budatai to be fantastic, very chic. The whole Condado area has changed a great deal since the last time we visited. The shopping is world class - Christian Dior, Cartier, Ferragamo and Miu Miu are a stone's throw away from the Marriott.Old San Juan is not too far, about a two mile walk, and the restaurants there are worth looking into. We went to Marmalade one night and have to say it is one of the finest restaurants we have ever come across. New York style dining, but reasonably priced - at least consistent with other dining in the area.For those that are concerned about safety in San Juan, I will say that we were both very impressed with the level of security. Clearly, this area is growing and the tourism department is going to ensure that visitors are comfortable, and that the area is secure and well maintained. All in all, I can't wait to return to San Juan. I'd return to the Marriott in a heartbeat. If you are a business traveler, don't give it a second thought. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tamlyn63
<Content>JAN 2008 TRIP       View from our balcony  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DaveHMaryland
<Content>Just a bit short of great Our room facing the ocean was comfortable and large enough with all the necessities. The lobby is almost always with music, usually too loud to have any conversation with friends or wait staff. We were there at the time of a major festival and many streets in Old San Juan were blocked to traffic, even taxis. The concierge made our restaurant reservation, but failed to tell us that we should leave early and that we would have a long walk to the restaurant because of the street closures. We made it just in time for the scheduled flamenco show that accompanied dinner. The casino is adequate, with slots and most table games. There's a stiff resort fee, but the hotel offers enough features (pool and beach chairs, fitness center, etc.) to make it acceptable. It's convenient to some very good restaurants and there are enough nearby cafes to give an option to the expensive hotel breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ASK1
<Content>Great hotel Great hotel in a good position in San Juan. We stayed there post-cruise.This was not our first visit to San Juan - 7 months previously we stayed (again post-cruise) at the Intercontinental - but the price quoted this time was outrageous. The Marriott was more reasonable.We arrived at 10 am and were immediately allocated a room, which was ready (this shows the merit of being a Marriott card holder). It was a very nice room, large, on the 19th floor, sideways on (which is the best position). So we had a good view of the sea and also had the sun on our (very large) balcony from about 12 noon until sunset. Full sea view rooms are not the best as the hotel faces northwards and so the sun will never shine on these balconies.We had free wireless internet, in the room, with the resort package, which worth the extra payment.The hotel and immediate area has plentiful, very good restaurants so eating was good. And the hotel's breakfast buffet is good value.The main downside to this hotel: the pool is in a position such that the sun does not shine on the pool area except for a very short period during the day. But, we had our balcony ...........!All in all we liked the hotel, had little to complain about and would return.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mschorr
<Content>Recommend this hotel Just returned from a family trip to this hotel. Overall I was very happy with our experience. We traveled with our two children (13 and 11). We booked a suite with a king bed. Upon arrival, only a suite with two twin beds was available. We could have switched the following day but chose to stay with the original room. In addition, were able to have access to a hospitality suite on the top floor. Although this cost an additional $50/day, we felt it was well worth it. We went there every morning for breakfast which was mostly cereal, yogurt, bagels, etc. Coffee and juice of course. This was perfect versus having to go to a resort restaurant for breakfast. In the evenings they had light snacks and an honor bar. The staff in the hotel couldn't have been nicer or more accommodating. The casino was pleasant and just enough for an evening activity. The gym was serviceable though 1 elliptical machine isn't enough. We had dinner in a few of the local restaurants near the hotel and they were quite good. The negatives were this property is located on a small beach with only about 1/2 mile of beach. Pretty tough to take a long walk on the beach when it's so small. There were no water sports like wave runners or sailboats like other carribean resorts. The water slide was a bit small for my older kids though they enjoyed it. I felt this was more like a hotel with a pool on the beach versus a resort. Clean, nice rooms, eager to please staff, good location.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>travelbunny
<Content>Disappointed!       the hotel from the beach  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	3	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>MA99
<Content>Very Nice Marriott Stayed post cruise 12/30/07 - 1/01/08. We booked two oceanfront rooms. What a view!! Great amenities at this hotel -nice pool (although chilly - not too many people swimming withan air temp of 86) more people in the ocean. I have read onthis board before that the waters are rough. Although thewaves look like fun, they are very deceiving because of theundertow. My husband and son both got caught and my husband got pretty banged up. Try to stay as far away from therocks as possible. On the day we were leaving, someone wasrescued via police boat and helicopter. Again, take caution!!We didn't eat at the hotel. We did eat at a pizza place down thestreet and a breakfast/lunch/ice cream place right across thestreet - Pubello's (I think). Hotel prices were very high. My sonordered a cheeseburger/fries/soda for $ 15.50. Starbucks andWalgreens right across the street. New Year's Eve we went toa Japanese Restaurant one block down from hotel. Excellentand the kids enjoyed the cooking right at our table. Lots of security at this hotel which makes you feel good. The arearight outside the hotel is not the best. Lots of police present on this main road and on ATV's on the beach as well. Went to OldSan Juan and visited the forts and did some shopping via taxi -$ 19.00 for six of us.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>informedtraveler01
<Content>truly disappointed..Marriott bait and switch My post cruise stay at the Marriott Stellaris over New Year's wasquite a disappointment! My family arrived at 10 AM and by 3PM they still did not have our suite ready. Mika the front desk manager refused to give us our room # though all our friends and other hotel guests that arrived after us had their rooms. We understand that check-in is at 4PM, but, if rooms are made up at noon there should be no reason for a guest staying in a $1000 per night jr. suite to wait 6 hours for a room. When we arrived, we confirmed with MIka that we were waiting for our brand new ocean suite. We had high expectations considering we paid $830 plus 21% per night.. $1000 for our suite times 3 nights $3000..of which our credit card was charged, a non refundable rate!At 3:45 Mika finally told us our room # but said we could not go up since the room was not ready, I decided to take a peek because something did not sound right..especially when Mika said the city view suites are nicer because the ocean is pitch black at night.I entered room 2003, the supposed jr. suite, while the housekeepers were still cleaning up. It was a total view of the city and there was 1 average size hotel room with a king bed and small sofa. I almost fainted whenI looked into the room next door that didnt say jr. suite and was told it was a regular room...same size as my jr. suite. The Marriott knowingly put my family in a room(with a sign outside that said jr. suite), the size of a hotel room with city views and tried to charge me for a suite! I immediately went down and spoke to the very nice hotel manager and he said they had no suites and he would get me a regular room. This new room was lovely, but, i had booked a suite and it seems Marriott has no trouble booking and charging for suites and putting guests in regular rooms. This new room had the mustiest smokiest smell,but, at this ppoint we were out of options since our credit card had already been charged...and it was New Years weekend.A night front desk manager, who did not know my story, said room 2003 is not a suite it is a regular priced corner room...and that the suites have 2 rooms.Additionally, the beach is shady and you have to keep on moving your chairs..not to mention the red flag is always up and they tell you the ocean is dangerous. The pool and hot tub are freezing and shady as well.For the prices the Marriott charges for their resort, there should be turn down service, and chocolates on the pillow would be nice.I was told this was a a non smoking establishment, and I smelled smoke in various locations, not only in my room.Additionally, the lobby is one massive Bar with blasting music, hi-top tables and bar stools, The management has 'removed all couches and does not cater to its guests...New Years Eve, the Marriott recommended we go to the Caribe Hilton since the Hilton was having a party. The Marriott had sold its hi-top tables with bar stools to the local residents. They roped off over 80% of the lobby.  The hotel guests were delegated to a back dark corner of the lobby. No hats, noisemakers, or lit space for the hotel guests! They made a make shift bar with some bottles of alcohol as well as a price list for drinks. ..because the gigantic real bar in the lobby was closed to hotel guests....not very festive for News Years Eve.Our children sat on luggage racks at the front of the lit lobby then we all went to bed before midnight. Not bad for a hotel that charges $600 a night including taxes,  over Xmas week. This hotel is not for families, asthma sufferers or for people that want to relax at a resort. Hands up to you J.W.!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	2	1	3	4	

<Author>JABOTRAVELER
<Content>hotel administration is horrible We took our extended family there for seven nights Christmas week. We checked into our 5 rooms and we had executive lounge privileges. One of the rooms was not the ocean front room they promised, but they said it could be changed the next day so we had no problem. When we changed the room the next day they insisted on taking away all five rooms executive lounge privileges even though we had paid for them. They claimed that we had only requested those privileges and that they hadn't been granted, even though the previous day they had seen that we had those privileges when we checked in. our travel agent called them and they hung up on her! It was unfortunate, to say the least.The day we left we had to be at the airport at 3 so we asked if we could keep one room until 2 pm and put all our luggage there and shower there. They refused. When they picked up our luggage from our rooms at noon they said they had no where to store the luggage until we left at 2 and we had to stay with our luggage!! I gave the bellhop $20 and then he found a place to keep the luggage. I know it was a busy time but the completely unprofessional and disrespectful way they treated us led me to give this hotel the thumbs down. As far as other issues, the beach is nice, but the surf very rough and kids do get swept in every year and die. The pool is ok. The rest of the staff was good. The Italian restaurant (Tuscany) was disappointing. The concierge staff was accomodating. Some of our rooms were unusually small, but others were fine. Oceanfront rooms have good views. However, overall you should stay away from this place until they change their management  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	4	1	4	4	

<Author>LTB87
<Content>not the best beach the hotel was nice and clean. the casino was small. it is right across the street from a nice bar. but the beach wasn't that great. it was pretty desolate, the only people on the beach are the marriott guests and since the hotels around the area are broken down and not as nice it isn't as well kept.....if you are looking for a nice beach with much going on...i wouldn't stay here  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alamarina
<Content>Very nice time I was very impressed with the Marriott San Juan..we were there for Christmas week so there was a lot of festivity and it never felt overcrowded. The pool area was very nice as was the small beach. It'snot the most picturesque beach in the world and there are properties on either side that are vacant or undergoing construction but frankly I didn't find this distracting but I'm more of a pool person anyway. The surf there is rough with undercurrents so don't expect to lie there on an air mattress and float. The food there was quite good and I had quite few meals at La Vista. Didn't check out Tuscany...I'm Italian and would be disappointed with any Italian restaurant in Puerto Rico I think.The staff was extremely friendly, helpful and pleasant 24/7, much moreso than other hotels where I've stayed. The hotel itself is in the middle of the Condado district where it seems that most of the wealthier Puerto Rican community resides. There are lots of good restaurants within walking distance, and it's right across from Starbucks, Walgreens and Haagen Daas. For the ladies, there is entire block of high end stores: Gucci, Cartier, Ferragamo, etc and my wife and daugther were overjoyed with this. (I wasn't) For my first time experience in PR, I found this hotel and it's location to be perfect.Next visit, I would like to rent a car and explore a little of the island and maybe stay in a different town for a couple of days.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>irishrabbit
<Content>Awesome Marriott in San Juan We recently stayed at the Marriott San Juan Resort post-cruise December 15-17. We have stayed here previously for a week, but for the most part, have stayed here either pre or post cruise numerous times. This most recent stay we were in the cabana rooms overlooking the pool/ocean on the 3rd floor. The renovations on these rooms is wonderful. Our room was a pale yellow, with the curtains  matching bedspreads. The entire room was carpeted with a medium yellow/gold carpet. Furniture is a medium colored wood. The spacious bathroom had tile floor,  a gorgeous sink/counter top area, with plenty of room for our personal items. We especially liked the bath/shower, as the curtain rod was shaped half-moon, so when you are showering, the curtain didn't stick to you. This room was extremely comfortable for our needs.As always, this Marriott had extremely quick  efficient check in, plus the convenience of auto checkout, where you settle your account over the phone  don't have to stop at the front desk when leaving. The staff was very friendly  helpful,  the bellmen out front were always quick to open the door for us, and get us a taxi for where we were going.We highly recommend this Marriott for it's convenient location (easy for pre-post cruise, as its close to the pier), and for a quick trip into Old San Juan. The pool area is clean  there are plenty of chairs. The rooms are spacious,  freshly re-done. The staff is top notch, from the bellmen, front desk  room service staff.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelOliver
<Content>Marriott in Condado, San Juan, PR       desk provided in room  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYC_yuppie
<Content>Dec 07 stay in PR i stayed in the San Juan Maarriott resort in Dec 07. I have to say that the hotel itself is great, the staff is very helpful and nice and the property is well kept. On the flipside being our first time in puerto rico ( me  my girlfriend NYC yuppies in mid 20s) there are a couple of things that are were new to me. Anyways, to summarize:The Good:* nice property, friendly staff* located prettly close to old San Juan (12 USD cab ride)The So - So:* the beach is not so nice. very small, has a couple of moldy in construction buildings around* the hotel is located in the Condado area of San Juan which is basically a residential area for rich old people there (hence no bars, etc, etc)What we did not like:* there are basically no restaurants / bars / terraces in the area that one can go to and have a well priced meal and hang out with a good crowd* the hotel has 3 restaurants - 2 are good but quite expensive. the third is bad (how can you mess up a burger and still charge 14 bucks for it???)* there is no miami type beach area (beach is very small with some residential buildings next to it)* if you are in your 20s or 30s and wanna have fun this is not a place for you (no bars - the hotel has one but it's only a 50 and above crowd there....)* it is very pricey there....if you think you are in the cheap part of the carribean....think again...hope this helps for any future takers. as a general comment on puerto rico that has nothing to do with marriott me  my girfriend were quite surprised that everybody seemed to have an attitude there - what i mean by that is the you need to be thankful that i do this for you although this is my job attitude (again the Marriott staff was very nice and no complaints there) but this is quite different from the other experiences we had in Mexico or Dominican Republic for example.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	2	5	4	4	3	

<Author>SilentSeeker
<Content>Weathering the Storm Just got back from a stay here. Unfortunately the weather was horrid most of the time. Subtropical storm Olga kicked up as soon as I arrived and ruined two days of my stay, and made the next two only tolerable weather wise. It was finally nice when I left. Ha!The hotel is older, but newly renovated. Everything inside is nicely decorated, including some nice holiday arrangements. It was very clean in all areas. There are two restaurants, one casual (La Vista), one slightly more formal ( Tuscany's). The food was good, the service very nice. There was a good lunch buffet at La Vista with excellent dessert. They weren't too pricey either, for a hotel. But they weren't really local cuisine. I ate there mostly when convenient as the weather kept me in at times. There are also several small venues for coffee and sandwiches. There is also a Asian noodle bar in the casino which is pretty good.The casino is decent, there are a couple BlackJack tables, some 3 card poker and Texas Hold'em games that go on. Of course many slot machines are there as well. I didn't get to use the Spa services, but the Fitness center was pretty good, fairly well equipped with modern machines. The room I had was pretty small but very nice. It had a fantastic King sized bed, a nice 32 inch LG Flat screen, and all the typical amenities including Internet access. The balcony was nice and large. Everything was clean and daily cleaning service was prompt and well done. The pool was beautiful, but very shallow. It was more form than function. For some odd reason, the whirlpool was only for use up to 6pm, which is when I believe they turned off the heat. This seems silly, the best time to use the whirlpool is at night. The beach was right off the pool, but only marginal. Scenery wise there are several hotels around that look like they may collapse at any moment and there was construction next door. This hotel is in the city, don't expect a beautiful remote tropical beach. So with that said, the sand and water are nice, no seaweed or rocks, no jellyfish when I was around. The surf is DANGEROUS and UNGUARDED. The red flag was up the entire time. But if you are careful ( adult ) and a good swimmer in shape, the waves can be a blast.Condado is OK, but I would not really bother exploring it much given the Old San Juan is minutes away. Old San Juan is a fantastic old city with much to explore. Great shopping, restaurants, clubs, and history. It is great fun to just walk around it. I would recommend this hotel as a base, Puerto Rico has a ton to do, so I would just use this place as place to relax after exploring the island. Unfortunately for me, I could only do that a couple days. Liked: Service in all aspects, room ( bed, tv, balcony), beach access, pool, lunch buffetDisliked: Condado, beach aesthetics, whirlpool hours  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>littlemeshe
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at the Resort Dec. 8th-12th. Unfortunately the weather was horrible. They were having a sub tropical storm Olga. We got one day of sun. We were there for a business trip so it wasn't as bad as if we had to pay for everything ourselves AND have bad weather. Hotel: The hotel is nice 20 something floors high. The lobby is huge with a large bar in the center. The casino is off of the lobby. Check in was a breeze however we were there early 1:30 and check in is at 4pm so our room wasn't ready. They had it ready by three however. Our room was neat and clean sort of on the small side for an ocean view room but it was fine for two. THe bathroom was very tiny for a resort hotel but quite fancy with marble top and large tiled bath tub. The food at the hotel in my opinion is limited. Let me explain.Food: Arriving we sat at the lobby bar waiting until our room was ready. There was a small menu scattered on the bar and in leather books on surrounding tables. It listed mostly Japanese/Tai appetizers like Satay Beef, Wonton soup etc. THere were also american meals such as buffalo chicken fingers, a Turkey club ad a few other things. We went to order and the bar attendant said that menu is for after 6pm. It said this no where on the menu. I think he could see our disappointment so he did some asking around and agreed to place our order. The food was fine. We ate at La Vista for lunch one day and had burgers they were fine as well. THe italian restaurant Tuscany had many seafood dishes and very few typical italian dishes Chicken Parm and Fetuchini alfredo were the only basic two I recognized. The items were very expensive. We did not eat there because of this. The hotel has an executive lounge available to elite members I believe. We are Marriott rewards members so we had access. It was the hi-light of the trip. Continental breakfast each morning, H'ordervs from 5:30 -7:30 and deserts from 7:30-9:30 the food here seemed a bit fancier than in La Vista or the bar food we ordered. All the food from the lounged was included in our room price. Pool Area: The pool area seemed nice. We only sat by it one day. It was very windy so we only stayed two hours. Drinks by the pool are not served until around 11am or so. We did not try the drinks. Over all if I had to go back to San Juan for business I would stay there again. No major gripes except for the weather. I do have to say though for a Marriott Resort I really didn't get that Luxury feeling as I have at say the St. Kitts Marriott Resort.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marcs12
<Content>quality in all areas       view from our room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pbennetts
<Content>Location, Location, Location       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelhappyfamily
<Content>Nice Base to Experience Other Areas of PR       Don't Miss El Morro - it's beautiful!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RichDC
<Content>Solid choice The hotel was nice:-- The rooms were recently redone so they are in good shape and kept clean. -- The location is excellent . . . on the beach and a short walk to some shops (including the much mentioned Walgreens) and a lot of different restaurants for different budgets. -- We tried the breakfast buffet and dinner buffet once each and found them to be of good quality and variety. -- Plenty of parking for a fee.-- The pool area was nice. It was pretty empty most of the time we were there so you could always get a seat, as was the beach.-- It seems to be the nicest hotel in the area. However, Marriott Renaissance is opening a hotel called La Concha nearby that may be even nicer.Any complaints we have were not significant::-- One day the housekeeper did not make up our room until 5:45 pm which was inconvenient and puzzling.-- The music in the lobby in the evening was too loud. Our first room was on the 4th floor and we could hear the music in the room.-- The pools are very shallow ... only 4 feet deep at the deepest. And while there is a hot tub that is supposed to be for adults only (according to a sign) that policy never seemed to be enforced and the hot tub was taken over by little kids most of the time we were at the pool.-- Our second room was on the 9th floor and had a nicer view for the same money as our first room on the 4th floor. Both were supposed to be city view but the second room had a partial view of the ocean whereas the first room had an icky view of the parking garage roof. The noise from the A/C units was too loud on the 4th floor balcony too but fine on the 9th floor balcony  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>spartyincolumbus
<Content>Exceeded Expectations       Hotel Balcony  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>maryland_traveler27
<Content>Wonderful Hospitality at San Juan Marriott I went to San Juan with a group of friends to celebrate several milestone birthdays. One of the members of our group really wanted to go to this property and called almost weekly until there were openings here. It was worth her hard work.The rooms were spotlessly clean and had the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful (which may be a bit unusual in San Juan according to friends). We were able to check in early and the concierge set us up with a lovely birthday dinner for our group. The property is beautiful and well-maintained. The beach at Condado does have strong currents and might be dangerous for children or those who are not strong swimmers. The rooms include a flat screen TV, a balcony with nice lounge chairs, hairdryer, iron and ironing board, bathrobes, a small refrigerator and sink. The showers include a nice line to hang out your wet bathing suits. The water pressure in the showers was not great, but was certainly adequate - who is in a rush to get through the shower on vacation anyway?My only complaint, and it is minor, is that the music in the bar / lounge / reception area during the evenings was so loud that my ears hurt. Otherwise, this was a great experience.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jam1016
<Content>Be warned! Be sure and put all locks on the door when in the room unless you want unexpected visitors. I had a man come in my room at 12:30 AM when I was sleeping - to Shampoo the carpet! When I screamed, he took off. Otherwise it was a nice vacation.We enjoyed the beach, historic sites, restaurants, etc.We would go again but not stay at the Marriott. The Hilton looked like a better choice if we ever return to PR.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>ERCUR
<Content>Very Nice Hotel Rooms:Rooms were immaculate, just refurbished. Public areas as well were immaculate. Stayed on Pool/Ocean side. If you have rooms on upper floors you can see the ocean, but also see the parking lot next door and construction of other properties going it to the left of the building. Keep in mind that the low-rise rooms are closed and under renovation. This did not present a problem as there was virtually no noise due the renovations . Staff: The staff at this hotel go out of their way to make your stay comfortable with one exception. I saw at least half a dozen waitstaff walking around the pool area in the 4 days there - was never once asked if we wanted anything from the bar. Nancy, the concierge, is especially nice. Very knowledgeable about the city, restauraunts, etc...Beach:Beach area was nice but many cigarette butts in the sand. I think the Isla Verde beach is a bit better. If you want a nice beach without crowds, best to rent a car and go to Luquillo or somewhere outside of the city. Remember, Puerto Rico has 365 beaches, go see them!!! This hotel is not in a 'hotel strip' like Isla Verde. Marriott seemed to be the only major hotel in the area. There is a lot of construction in this area with couple of new high rise hotels/timeshares being built. In a year or two this area of the Condado will be 'hopping' . Dining:Lots of good places close by. Ajilli Mojilli, a traditional Puerto Rican restaurant is a 5 minute walk (try the mofungo with shrimp)! Didn't eat at hotel except for breakfast bar near lobby which was perfect for what we wanted. Very fresh bagels, croissants, etc...I would return to Marriott Stellaris Resort again for a long weekend. Seemed to be a nice all around place for families and singles as well.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joanwSandsPoint
<Content>Great Getaway Stayed at this hotel over the weekend. The room was just redone so the linenes, furniture and bathroom were new. It is a very self contained property as the beach is small and right downstairs, pool , gambling. There are quite a few restaurants that are very good and walkable for the nightime. The hotel is 15 minutes from the airport. It was a great weekend and we would return.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>JPJRtravel
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!!! This was our first visit to San Juan and we are happy we stayed at the Marriott. We arived at about 12:35 p.m. knowing check in time would be 4:00 p.m. The front desk personnel were very friendly and we were offered the opportunity to store our bags and change in the spa if we wanted to go to the beach or pool. The room, a beautiful ocean front...not view, but front, was ready before 1:30 p.m. The room includes a small refrigerator so you stock up on snacks for your use later. The balcony was great and private. Flat screen TV is a plus.We enjoyed the multi level pool and spa and liked the activity in the lobby...live music most nights and a nice casino. There is a bar in the pool or wait service will come to you as you lounge. The pool area also includes some vendors on the weekend. The location is great. You can stroll along Ashford and eat at a variety of restaurants or enjoy the food in the hotel. There is a great deal to do in the area and many convenience stores all within walking distance.There is a full array of tours offered and the concierge service is excellent and well informed. This is the place to be if you like activity. Also a short bus ride to Old San Juan....note: buses have no specific schedule so you might need to wait a bit. Take the bus into Old San Jaun and taxi (which is reasonable) home.The hotel is right on the beach which is spectacular and the beach staff will gladly provide chairs and umbrella (no cost) and serve drinks on the beach. The hotel is very clean and the staff is friendly at all times. This was a perfect vacation and a great property. Don't miss it.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DearJenn
<Content>Beautiful, Clean Hotel with Friendly Staff We stayed at the Marriott from Sun, Sept 30 to Thurs, Oct 4. We took a cab from the airport to the hotel which was very simple....$14 to hotel. Check-in was easy and quick. We arrived after noon and they let us in the room early. Our room was in the tower on the 11th floor. The room was clean and elegant...2 beds, flat screen tv, balcony...we had a city view room but we could see the ocean perfectly from our balcony. We just couldn't see the pool. From our balcony, we could also see construction on a building below but we never heard noise. The balcony had two chairs and a small table. In the evening, the hotel turned down the beds and left us cookies/candy and a post card...this was really special. The beds each come with four pillow so I didn't need to request extra. Room had a mini-fridge, coffeemaker and hairdryer. Housekeeping did a great job daily and we didn't have to call them. The room was kept clean and neat. Hotel staff was one of the friendliest I have ever encountered. They seemed to go above and beyond to be friendly and accomodating. A newspaper was delivered to the room each morning. The lobby had music at night with a live band. We found the casino slots to be tight but we did see a few people winning. The pool complex and beach were beautiful. Both areas were very clean. Room service was delivered promptly and hot. It cost about the same as the buffet in the downstairs restaurant and I found the room service food of better quality. Overall, the Marriott was beautiful and I would return if I travel to San Juan again.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WNJS
<Content>this hotel is great and i'm a picky guy!!! excellent hotel - checked in at 11am and the room was ready, booked a double through travel agency and upgraded to jr suite. ocean and pool view with avaradge size balcony with great chairs. housekeeping was great room was always perfect with plenty of bottled water. executive lounge was great it will save $$$$ esp. breakfast and soft drinks. fruit was always available. the women running the lounge were the best and made are stay great. the concierge at the front desk was great. bellmen. were great. once you go to the pool or beach it doesn't feel like the city is right outside the door. food at the hotel is overpriced go to dannys for a taste of italy (walk out the front door of hotel and make a left and go to 1and a half blocks). big portions. if your room has a fridge go to wallgreens across the street and fill it up. i have been to 28 destinations including cancun (12 times), aruba, and puerto vallarta and i have to say - THIS HOTEL HAD THE BEST STAFF ANYWHERE!!!!!!! and i also have to say I AM THE PICKIEST TRAVELER, IF I DON'T LIKE SOMETHING I WONT HESITATE TO COMPLAIN!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CLCB0911
<Content>Still My favorite Why I love the Mariott..I love the condado area..the hotel its renew have everything its new..mini-Refrigerators...the personnel for me its outstanding they are very friendly..... .there always something to do at this hotel.....I love the Pool....I dont like the beach but if you Liike lots of waves this beach its for you....for me i was so happy to stay there again after 2yrs..  
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pixiefly99
<Content>Nice hotel, not so great rooms The location is great since it is so close to the airport. My friends went with us and paid for the same type of room we did. When we went to our room you wouldnt beleive how small it was and the view was terrrible. It was supposed to be ocean view but you had to lean way over the balcony to even get a glimpse of the ocean. Plus, we had a great view of the roof right below us and some hotel that was under construction. Our friends room had a great view of the ocean and it was so much larger. The bathroom they had was huge. In our bathroom you could have brushed your teeth, used the toilet and washed your hands all at the same time. Thats how small it was! So we had our room changed and they didnt charge us at all. It was a much nicer room thankfully and larger. I wouldnt stay here again because the price is not reflective of the room you get. I would stay down the street at another hotel that was much cheaper and still just as nice.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jscta07
<Content>Amazing place to stay in Puerto Rico Had an amazing stay at this hotel. I was worried about check-in after reading the reviews but it was a breeze. My plane arrived at 10am and the hotel let me check in right when I got there and gave me the room right away. The beach is nice, the bars are great, the hotel lobby bar/lounge is always full of people. I would absolutely stay here again! The staff was very nice and helpfull. They gave suggestions of where to go during the day as well as suggestions for fun bars and clubs at night. Plus, during the turn down service every day they give you chocolate! Can't beat that :)  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AHFox
<Content>Nice MidWinter Getaway       pool  landscaping  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>2	4	3	3	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Valkyrie01
<Content>Outstanding property Holding a conference in Puerto Rico during hurricane season can be a gamble, but booking your accommodations at the San Juan Marriott is a sure thing. You will be welcomed and hosted by a highly trained and personable staff, pampered by very comfortable rooms (especially those offering ocean views), and completely satisfied by dining selections at the on-site restaurants. While all beaches in Puerto Rico are considered public, the Marriott's lovely beach seemed reserved for its guests. If the beach isn't your choice, the extensive pool complex will certainly satisfy your aquatic needs. Within walking distance of the hotel are some very fine restaurants and shopping. Overall, a truly enjoyable venue.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elizabethDC
<Content>Loved the Hotel We stayed here for 4 days and 3 nights and had a wonderful time. When we checked in we upgraded for $25 a night to a corner room which had two large balconies. The view was amazing. The staff at the hotel are all kind and helpful. I can say this hotel has one of the nicest gyms I have ever seen at a hotel. The pool was a bit small, but since there were not a lot of people there was no problem getting a chair. For food: Pure and Natural- good, healthy, food and Tijuanas for mexican, and there is a small place down the street from the hotel where we ate breakfast for $5 everyday. I would NOT rent a car from Charlie Rental Car Company. The lady at the company told us we would only use a quarter tank of gas to get and from El Yunque so it was not worth it to return the tank full. She also told us that we would not pass any gas stations. When we returned the car the next day they told us we owed and extra $20 because we used 5/8 of gas. They were not helpful at all in resolving this. All in all a great place for couples to relax at the beach and pool for a long weekend.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Leebird6531
<Content>Pretty Good In August we stayed at the Marriott Stellaris in San Juan Puerto Rico. Our room was very nice and we enjoyed our balcony. We had a half city view-half ocean view room. Some of the nearby buildings were somewhat of an eyesore but the ocean view made up for it. One evening we actually ordered pizza and just ate out on our balcony while we enjoyed the view. The cruise ships were fun to watch come in and out of port. It was fun also to watch a thunderstorm come rolling in from sea.The water on the beach was not very enjoyable - too rough. But the hotel had lots of lounge chairs on the beach available and the pool was nice too. The restaurants were way over priced. The coffee/pastry bar in the lobby was poor. Always a line and everytime we ordered we were disapointed. They either were out of something simple like cream cheese for a bagel, or the pastries we purchased weren't good.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gracielu
<Content>Nice stay at the Marriott       pool area  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drich6066
<Content>Great Resort and location Resort is in a great location (Condado)! I was in San Juan for both business/pleasure and found it convenient for both. The rooms are updated and very nice. Service is top notch - from the time you check in to the time you check out. I've stayed at quit a few other hotels and resorts in area and this by far is the best. Pool/Beach area are both very nice. I did not use the restaurants, but did have access to the Executive Lounge - breakfast was very nice. Condado is very safe to walk around - huge police presence (because considered upscale area, not because of crime). My 2 favorite places to eat - Pamela's (you can eat at tables on the beach, amazing food/service) and Zabo (great outside eating area, beautiful bar and inside eating area) - food was great (went 3 times). I usually spend more time in Old San Juan, but enjoyed Condado so much, only did 2 nights for dinner in Old San Juan. Al Dente - great italian food (try the gnocchi). I would recommend this resort to both singles and families.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>5happy
<Content>great hotel with a family My husband and I with two kids 10 and 12 stayed at the marriot before a cruise and found the hotel to be wonderful. Extremely friendly and helpful staff. The rooms were a nice size and clean. We loved the pool and beach. The beach was very clean and uncrowded, there was staff out there to help us with chairs and bring drinks. Atthe pool in the afternoon the staff brought fresh fruit around for everyone and put cupcakes out for the kids. Very nice unexpected touch. We would definately stay there again. If you walk out of the hotel and turn left about a block and a half down is a food store where you can purchase beer, soda, water, etc. and it is much less expensive. If you walk right there is a drug store where you can purchase water, snacks, sunscreen, etc. and again, much less expensive that the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mbk1402
<Content>Nice Hotel Overall, had a good stay. I was there from July 7 through the 21st. We had a beautiful corner room #1917 in the Tower which affords a great view of the beach and city. Looks like they were just renovated. Stay away from the cabana rooms though. They are not renovated and the difference between the two are night and day. We booked a midlevel room but because we were Marriott elite members, they upgraded us to an ocean view with the concierge lounge. Great beach front property. They even had a couple of sharks swim close by the beach. Nobody seemed to mind though which was realy strange to us.Also. did not want to leave out that the maid service was excellent!This hotel had one of the best concierge lounges we have ever seen. The food and the views are great and the service even better! Most days we ate there and saved on the food bills. It's worth it even if it cost you to get it. Nicole and Edwin were the best in there! Kudos to them for helping us with the many questions we had and the true service they gave! Seek them out! You can sit out on the balcony while your eating and see almost the entire island. A great view of the sunsets up there too.At the concierge desk at the check in counter, ask for Nancy. She was great in helping out with where to go and what to do. Also, knows alot of history about the island. Great job to her!The local area that it is in at first looks sketchy, but all of Puerto Rico looks like that. Be warned though, there is alot of crime on the Island with the illegal drug trade increasing and alot of gang activity. Hence, why you'll see alot of police all over the place. There are some nice resturants in the area. Stay away from the hotel ones. Very overpriced! Our favorite one was Pure and Natural next to Wendy's. A 5 minute walk from the hotel. An organic cafe that had amazing fresh fruit smoothies and great sanwiches among other fare too.Trips to take - We highly recommend the BioLuminesant Bay at night. This was one of the most amazing things we have ever done. Well worth it! Also went to the El Yunque Rainforest. We booked the trip through the hotel and took the low impact tour which was good. About $65.00 per person all included. Gus was our driver and he made it very enjoyable. He knows every zip code you can imagine too.1st WARNING - Becareful though when booking a trip on East Island Tours which is through the hotel. We booked one going to Culebra which was supposed to be very beautiful. The day of our trip, we're bused almost 1 1/2 hours to the launch spot only to find out they changed the trip because they said the water was too rough. It did not look at all rough. They indicated that they would refund most of the trip which they did not do. Now we are fighting with our credit card company to see what they can do. We recommend that if it is cancelled, do not go because the couple of places they take you to are not worth the trip or money. Be warrned!2nd WARNING - While the hotel is very nice, be warned of the fees they charge you. Our hotel room was $220 night. They charge a resort fee of 10% which nobody could explain to me what it was for. Finally, a manager told me it covered the free internet service (which we did not use), the phone service (which we did not use) and the chairs for the beach (we did use). The last night we were there, I spoke with the mgr and told him that we thought it was excessive to charge us a fee to use beach chairs for what we're charged for the room. He did refund the fee which over a two week period amounted to over $300. Plus, the tax is 11% too. They also sneek in a green tax which again was not explained very well and was taken off the bill. Check your bill out closely the night before you leave and resolve it then, not when you're leaving in the morning. Overall, the good weighed out the bad and we had a good time. But, if your looking for a real tropical vacation, San Juan is not the place. It is a nice place to visit once or twice, but most likely would not go back. The Bio luminescent Bay trip made the vacation worth while.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>phuneat50
<Content>Phune at 50 I went to San Juan to celebrate my 50th birthday and had a blast. The hotel sent me up a complimentary wine/cheese/crackers tray. The Marriott has the best beach. I walked to the end of the beaches and the other hotel beaches sucked in comparison to our beach. The bed were FA-BU-LOUS and the hotel employees where great. The Rainforest Tour was great. I am going back again on my 100th birthday. My resort fee was paid when I booked the hotel and I got charged just $5.00 a day tax. Do that if you can. If you get a beach towel, PLEASE take it back because you will get charged for $20.00 per towel if you didn't take it back before 7:00pm. I was great just to get up in the morning to see the sun rise.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dh1712
<Content>Incompetence at its best Our stay was a disaster from the moment we walked into the hotel and continuing until today. Not only were our rooms not ready when we arrived, but we were told very smugly to come back every 20 minutes, stand in long lines, only to be told to come back in another 20 minutes. This went on for 4 hours. When we finally got to our rooms we had no tv or phone service, no hairdryers and no rollaway bed which was preordered. Speaking with the hotel staff did nothing. I finally called Marriott coporate, they were very apologetic and offered to comp both the rooms for the first night. Four months later I am still trying to get the credit for the two rooms. I have spoken with Marriott corporate and the hotel countless times and am promised that the credit will occur today. I am still waiting.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>vinnyjake
<Content>Not perfect, but best choice for the price in the area I travel to San Juan on business and have stayed in a number of hotels. Lately, I tend to stay at the Marriott and did so when I took my wife recently. Although far from perfect, this is one of the best hotels in this price range in San Juan and I recommend it. The staff was friendly although service is fair at best. Our ocean view room was very good. The bed was very comfortable, the AC worked well and the room was very clean. Breakfast in the Executive lounge was fine. We arrived at 3:30 P.M. and our room was not yet ready. Although we only had to wait an hour, this is a bit irritating given we arrived late afternoon. This happens routinely in other San Juan hotels, but is more prevalent at the Marriott. For those using the pool, it is usually easy to find empty lounge chairs and the beach is never overly crowded. This is not the case at other area hotels so it is a plus for those using the facilities. Hard to find a better deal for the price in San Juan.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	2	4	5	

<Author>nytraveler17
<Content>Fun in San Juan The Marriott Stellaris is a very good choice in San Juan. We stayed for 4 nights in late July and had an excellent time. After a quick ride from the airport we arrived at the Marriott and although we were hours early were promptly given a room. I upgraded to ocean view and wow, it was quite a view from up on the 14th floor, very impressive. Room was average size but very clean, tasteful and comfortable. Pool was nice with kind of a strange layout but I think the big attraction at the Marriott was the beach. Hotel provides umbrellas and chairs (don't forget to tip the kid setting them up-it looked like a tough job digging those holes in the sand all day!) so you can just relax and enjoy the beautiful water.As far as restaurants we had breakfast at the hotel, very good selection for the buffet but pricey ($40 for 2 people) and ate at the Japanese place (tasty). There are plenty of places nearby on Ashford Ave. so go out and explore. Ajili Mojili was a walk away and recommended for Puerto Rican food. Also, for dessert make sure to hit the gelato place across the street from the Marriott....so many choices of flavors!Overall we would definitely go back to the Marriott. The staff, without exception, was friendly and the hotel was a very cool scene on weekend nights with live entertainment and dancing. Casino was good sized, fun, and a pleasant way to spend the evening. This is one of the best choices in san Juan for a vacation getaway.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NieNie03
<Content>Nice Resort;But the Service was terrible If you are looking for a relaxing time and a hassle free check in this is not the resort for you. I traveled to San Juan on July 27 thru July31st with friends. When we first drove up we were so excited to see this beautiful hotel, but during check in we were told many different things from a 10% resort fee plus a $200 deposit on a credit card and that you had to pay your whole bill up front. I have stayed at several Marriott鈥檚 and never had to pay up front. The front desk clerk Ramon was very nice and tried his best to help but needed to get a manager. The manager Christian was not accommodating at all was very smug. I have been a customer service manager for over 10 years and know that there is always a way to please a customer especially when they are spending $225 a night. Needless to say the manager was not willing to accommodate us so we paid for one night and the next day went to the Condado Plaza and believe me the service was excellent and the rooms were hip and contemporary. In closing if you want a place where they don't value the customer this is your resort!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	3	2	

<Author>LaBoricua87
<Content>Beautiful hotel, AMAZING beds, great entertainment, mixed service       My baby and me taking fresh ocean breeze at our balcony  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>beachparty5
<Content>the best beds in town My hubby  I arrived at the Marriott around 11pm on Thurs., Aug 9th.. after leaving our home town in So Cal at 5:15am it had been a long journey to our destination. After gathering our luggage at the San Juan airport baggage terminal we hopped into a curbside taxi/van unwillingly agreed to the absorbant price of $17.50 for a 8 minute ride to the Marriott. As the taxi pulled into the Valet area of the hotel... i was greeted warmly by the very attentive Bellhop... He helped me out of the back area of the van ... unloaded our luggage onto the luggage cart.. opened the main lobby doors for me... as my husband settled with the taxi cab driver.... and pointed me in the direction of the hotel front desk.... which happens to be located about 15' from the bar/stage area/dance floor... i could hardly hear the front desk attendant above the roar of the party that was in full swing... barely audible was her instructions on where to catch the elavator to our 19th floor room.Upon arriving in to our room.... airconditioning full throttle  greatly appreciated.. we were surprised to find that we had a ocean view from our balcony..view of the hotel tennis courts.. as well as a view to the ajacent builing of a large, new hotel/living quarters... we never heard any construction noise.. due largely to the insulated windows of the Marriott.The room that we were in was decorated in soft hues of yellow, with dark walnut furniture... the bathroon had a full tub  shower .. with granite countertops..  I was extremely excited to find toilettres of Orangeblossom from Bath  Body works...After my quick bath .. i jumped into the confort of a terry robe  slippers... Hubby  I were both famished...  took a shot at ordering room service... the kitchen closed at 12pm... we placed our order with a friendly ..  helpful woman at 11:53 pm... our order arrived 20 minutes later... a wonderfully tasting cuban sandwich, it comes with seasoned fries... an enormous bacon cheese burger, with the same season fries... the help on the phone suggested the Pina Colada Cheesecake for dessert (not what we expected.. more like Pina Colada Flan).. it was ok.. just not 'cheesecake'... luckily I had asked if the kitchen had any french vanilla icecream... it was not on the menu.. but it was creamy.. and delightful.. we ordered water... (i think for concieous sake!).... on the tray there was two glasses full of ice  two luke warm bottles of water.. each costing $3.00...(later I found out that there was a complimentary bottle of water by the ice bucket in each room)... the total feast $55.00 incld grat.... i can honestly say i had the best night of sleep at a hotel that night  throughtout our stay.... the bed is so extra-ordinaryily confortable... pillows fulffted to a perfection!!!... we learned after the first morning to have a wake up call.. . or we would miss the beautiful buildings, people and culture San Juan has to offer...The beach was beautiful... there was still quite a lot of vactioners.. however.. the staff was never far from us.. checking up on us regularlly.. but not pestering.... the pools were recently renovated... and they have added a 'kiddie' slide to one of them...Hertz is located in a smaLL CORNER OF THE HOTEL LOBBY... i had checked on line re: pricing... availability ect... but when we went to the Hertz desk.. nothing... no car was available... we were a little fustrated... and went across the street to a rental kioks that the beel man had suggested... the poor kid inside was thumping away on his broken swamp cooler.... we asked a few questions... but it was so unbearable in there I practically ran out of that 'fish tank' of a store...I decided to go to the Marriott Conceriege... the woman behind the counter was very helpful... she called and made arrangements to have the Avis car agency pick us up in the hotel lobby in 10 minutes... we were off on our way to discover the history of Puerto Rico!!!!note... the casino was small... but it wasn't fair to write a review because we had just vacationed at the MGM GRAND in Las Vegas... I'm not a big gamer.. hubby likes blackjack... but he didn't like the odds of a 6 deck deal from a boot... but the casino had a lot of new slot machines...  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LSB_Phila_Pa
<Content>enjoyed the Marriott My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Aug 2-Aug 6, 2007. It was in downtown San Juan, yet a beachfront property. That is an excellent combination. We were in walking distance of most of the restaurants we ate at. The Buenos Ayres Bar and Grill had very tasty Argentinean steak! The Porta Bella italian restaurant was pricey, but you got alot of food for the money. I had the biggest salmon filet that I had ever seen. The lanscaping of all the palm trees in the pool area was very nice. The deepest part of the pool is around four feet. We had a corner oceanview balcony room. One balcony overlooked the pool area and the other balcony looked directly onto the ocean. It was worth the money to book that room. The flat screen tv in the room was a nice size. The bed was very comfortable. The concereiges were great when it came to recommending restaurants. The hotel restaurant was kinda pricey...breakfast costed around $40 (not including tip) for the breakfast buffet for the 2 of us. It was $15 for the taxi ride from the airport to the hotel, which was around a 10-15 minute ride when not in rush hour traffic.The beach was nice; the water was beautiful but is kinda rough. Plenty of people were having a ball jumping the waves or riding boogey boards on the waves. Its definitely more for that kind of stuff as opposed to swimming. The gym was kinda small but we did get in a decent workout with weights and cardio. The cardio machines have flat screen tvs attached to them. The only negative thing is that the walls seem kinda thin. One room next door had kids. Maybe the kids were kinda loud, but there were times when we could hear their conversations...not enough to wake us however.When we checked out I left my cell phone charger in the room by accident. I realized it after we got back home. It took a couple of phone calls to find out if they had it. They did and hotel did send it back via DHL at their expense.We would indeed go back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LongIslandMom3girls
<Content>Loved the Marriott We traveled to this hotel at the end of July. We traveled with my family of five and my parents. When we booked, they would only allow 4 in a room, so one of my kids stayed in my parents room. As it turned out we had five in my room, and nobody cared. I requested a crib when I booked, again at check-in, but had to call down for one again in the evening. It was delivered promptly. They also charge taxes that I was unaware of-a daily resort fee and an occ. fee that was $5 a person per day. There was no shuttle from the airport, but getting a taxi was easy and not too expensive.With that said, the hotel was undergoing renovations, but it did not affect our stay at all. We had 2 oceanfront rooms for 6 nights. The rooms were recently renovated-so they were updated and clean! The staff was helpful and friendly. There were plenty of other kids and activities to keep mine busy. The pool pump broke one day for about 6 hours, but they compensated by serving free pina coladas and rum punches all day-we just went to the beach instead. The casino was small and crowded towards the weekend, but a few short blocks away was a larger casino in the Radisson. We also found some great restaurants within walking distance. A taxi ride to Old San Juan cost us about $12.We would definitely book this hotel again-location was good (no airplanes), staff was friendly, and the hotel had everything my family needed.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>minervenus
<Content>Great Location       A portion of our room  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>superfig
<Content>Relaxing Vacation The Mariott resort was very nice and their outside pool area and beach was very peaceful and relaxing. We didn't have any issues with cleanliness or noise. The only thing that was annoying were the elevators ...even though there were four of them, we waited quite some time for them. We stayed in one of the renovated rooms and were very pleased. Our balcony was on the side of the hotel, but we could still see the ocean from our balcony. I wouldn't have paid additional money per night to have a better view, but that's a personal choice. Because my boyfriend has Platinum status with Mariott, we were able to us the Preferred Guest Area on the top floor - if you are able to get access to this room, I would recommend doing it. They had a complimentary full breakfast (so we never had to go out) and at night they had coffee, deserts, and appetizers. The view from this Suite was quite beautiful.I wouldn't reccomend eating at any of the restaurants in the hotel...however, the Pool Bar/restaurant was good for lunch without having to leave the pool area.There are tons of great restaurants within blocks of the resort: my favorites was Dannys for Italian food, Tijuanas for Mexican (take a left out of the hotel for these 2) and for some excellent Puerto Rican/Cuban food we walked 8 blocks through Condado past the Designer boutiques to Ropa Viejo (take a right out of the hotel)...it was excellent! Cherry Blossom was the Japanese Sushi and Grill restaurant next door - it was good, but no different than the same restaurants in the States...By the way, Mojitos were excellent everywhere we went!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>travelsavvypr
<Content>Friendly Staff, Good Family Hotel The San Juan Marriott Resort is located in the Condado area of San Juan. It is right on the ocean with a little patch of beach. It's not the prettiest beach on the island but it's nice for laying out and cooling off. The staff was one of the friendliest I've encountered. They were very helpful. Walking down the hall, they would greet you and smile sincerely. The rooms were clean and the balconies were a nice bonus. The pool area is definitely oriented towards families and is filled with children. If you are looking for a quiet, serene pool scene this hotel isn't for you. They had a nice Italian restaurant in the hotel that I would recommend, if you don't want to leave the property. It's about a $10-15 cab ride to Old San Juan for those interested. I wouldn't suggest this hotel for couples looking for romance, but if you have a family or just need to spend a night before or after a cruise this is a perfect hotel for you.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>laurajeann
<Content>Excellent Customer Service We did a lot of reading on the internet and ultimately picked the San Juan Marriott Resort. The resort was beautiful and due to the reviews we chose an ocean front view because reportedly that tower had just been remodeled. the hotel itself was beautiful, and the room was very nice and well decorated. it was a little small (two double beds) but there was a nice balcony and view of the water. It was very easy to get from the hotel to the beach/pool. There were also plenty of activities if you chose including live entertainment nightly. The hotel is located on the Candado Beach area (spelling?) which someone had commented about seaweed and poor people begging on the beach. The only thing we saw was a small amount of dried seaweed in the morning, but the beach was cleaned nightly and there were plenty of chairs and umbrellas available. the pool was also well sized and plenty of chairs available there too. The staff was excellent in terms of customer service.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NissaBaltimore
<Content>Beautifull hotel, best beach around       on wide marriot beach  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>shirleykr
<Content>Pure Luxury My family just returned from 5 days at the San Juan Marriott. I cannot say enough about this fantastic hotel. We were treated like royalty the entire time we were there. The hotel was beautiful and the staff was very professional and friendly. Every part of the hotel was extremely clean as well as our room. We had an ocean view room with a balcony. The beds were very comfortable, the bathroom was large with marble counters,and my children enjoyed the plasma TV. Anything I requested, (wake-up calls, extra towels, extra pillows) were provided to me right away. We spent a lot of time at the 2 pools. My husband and I tanned while our 2 teenagers played vollyball in the pool.The pools are clean and refreshing, towels are provided,and the pools are open until 11:00 p.m. The ocean behind the hotel is great if you like big waves. I am not much of a swimmer, so I could not handle the big waves, however the rest of my family enjoyed the big waves washing over them. The staff put out beach chairs in the morning for the guests to use all day, hearing the waves crashing up onto the shore was very relaxing. There is a Wendys, Subway, Burger King, Baskin Robbins, Dunkin Donuts, and a Walgreens, all within a few minutes walking distance away. We went to El Morro one day, I suggest you take a cab if you want to go. We tried taking the bus, we had to transfer twice, ended up taking the wrong bus, and then missed our stop. The weather was beautiful, even though its hot, there is a constant breeze blowing that keeps you comfortable. We like to go to a different place each year for vacation, however if we ever visit San Juan again, we will, without adoubt, stay at this hotel again, we loved it!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>worthington
<Content>Great post cruise stay We booked a room at the San Juan Marriott for two nights after returning from a cruise to extend our vacation a few days (before going back to work  reality). We were in the first group to leave the ship, so we arrived at the hotel at 9:30am! The staff couldn't have been friendlier. They directed us to the health club to change into our bathing suits, and we sunned at the beach  had a delicious lunch in the hotel until our room was available at about 2:30pm. We especially enjoyed the following: our very large and comfortable tower room, uncrowded beach, health club facilities, and good restaurants within walking distance. I recommend the hotel for a great pre- or post-cruise stay in San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Chilleb17
<Content>loved this place My girlfriends i stayed here for a week, We had the best time ever. Everyone there was very courtious with an exception of the unhappy young front desk girl but Orlando down on the beach made up for that. Our room was good sized and our room looked out to the beach. The only downfall to this getaway was when it was time to take a Taxi back to the airport. I highly recommend this place to others and highly anticipate my oppurtunity to go again in December.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sista_Traveler
<Content>Beautiful hotel This hotel is beautiful with a spacious lobby. It is convenient to many places in San Juan and is not far from Old San Juan. Parking is valet or regular but you have to pay for it. The room was kind of small for a queen bed and the htoel was doing construction so I couldn't go out on my balcony. The beach was gorgeous, safe and quiet.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>crackofdawn
<Content>3 Pleasant Days We stayed for 3 days in July, 07. Had a ocean facing room (as all are on the older, shorter 9-story building). 3rd floor room so we had some palm tree shade in the morning making the balcony a bit more enjoyable. If you want and unshaded ocean view, probably need to be on floors 6-9 or on the North, East, or South face of the towers (west face overlooks city view in the Tower section.) The older building is plagued with two very slow elevators so be prepared for some extended delays or to using the stairs (our choice). We had a rental car for 1-day ($14 do it yourself parking at Marriott) and cab fare back to the airport for 2 with 4 suitcases was about $20 or so.The lobby can get really noisy as it is a large bar with live entertainment on some nights (Sat night was really full, loud, and lively) -- with a 2 drink min. as well. The casino crowd adds to the activity. The casino is on the south side of the lobby area and is quite a bit larger than it was 5 years ago.We skipped the pricey meals at the Marriott and did the following: for lunch we went to either Subway, Wendy's or BK all of which are within 5 blocks either way on Ashford. Returning to our balcony with a bottle of wine from the nearby grocery store (3 blocks south of the Marriott). Usually skipped breakfast. For dinner: number one recommendation is Pamela's in Ocean Park (about 2-3 miles south of the Marriott on Ashford). This is one great restaurant. It is small and is part of a boutique hotel on the beach. They have superb service and excellent menu choices (creative Nuevo-Latino offerings). 8 tables are set up in the sand, under the stars with candlelight and they have maybe 10 -12 tables inside. Since Ocean Park is a gated community, you enter the guard station on Santa Anna and drive to the water where you'll find Pamela's.We also ate at Yerba Buena which is on the west side of Ashford and 1 block south of the Marriott. Enjoyable PR food, excellent service and innovative drinks. A 3rd night we ventured north of the Marriott on Ashford to AJILI-M脫JILI. Would not go there again. Though it was very busy, we found the service very slow compared to the other restaurants, a miserable 1-page wine list (no kidding!) and unimaginative menu choices. Should have gotten a cab and returned to Pamela's!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>bigzipz
<Content>Loved the Marriott in San Juan My wife and I and another couple just returned from a week at the Marriott Resort in San Juan. Our friends booked hotel and flight thru a travel agent, we booked directly with the Marriott website and used award points for the airfare. The wife and I had no trouble at check in, getting exactly what we'd expected. The friends were delayed getting their room, being told it would be just a few minutes. Two hours later, they were given an upgraded room with executive club privledges with an apololgy. When they went to the room, it was already occupied. they were moved and a little while later, another couple was given the same room. After the initial logistical problems were worked out, the remainder of the stay was uneventful.Pros: The staff at the Marriott is amazing. All - the front desk, the housekeeping, bar and beach attendants - were very courteous, helpful and there to do anything possible to make the stay enjoyable. The Conceirge staff is spotty, with the experienced folks (few) very knowledgable and helpful and the younger folks (many) helpful but not having the experience to really have any value-add. The grounds are spotless and people are always working relentlessly to keep them so. The beach is beautiful and the soft sandy bottom extends out farther than you can stand. The rooms were spacious and clean, very quiet and the A/C worked great! The Tuscany Restaurant on the ground level is one of the best Italian restaurants in San Juan - be sure to ask to be seated at a table served by Alfredo. Great health club! Leave your laptop at home, you get one hour per day of PC/Internet time in the business center per day. Cabs are cheap, figure on $12 to go just about anywhere.Cons: Food and drinks are abundant but not cheap. Average drink price is $8-10 and plan to spend ~$150 per couple on dinner with a fair bottle ($45) of wine and around $45 per couple on lunch with a beverage each.The hotel is located in town and there's a lot of construction going on around it. Some of the buildings look like they're ready to fall down and they do detract from the experience. It does look like they're trying hard to refurbish the area. Overall, it was a great vacation. We probably won't do it again but only because we'll continue to explore the islands for new and different experiences.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>pale-girl
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here the week of July 4th. Our son loved the pool and the beach and we spent lots of time going back and forth between the two. Our room looked out over the beach and pool. The room was clean and a little bigger than some of the other rooms because we were on the very end. We did not eat in any of the hotel restaurants though. We ventured out to eat instead. It seemed like there was a lot of police presence around the hotel and surrounding areas, which made us wonder if it was preventative or if there had been problems. The hotel itself was great and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>babymakestres
<Content>Nice Stay on Ashford, Must Try Zabos We stayed at the Marriott for a few days and enjoyed the hotel and surrounding area. Small-ish rooms have been renovated and feature flat screen TVs, new bathrooms, fresh linens etc. Rooms feature nice ocean views. The surrounding area may not be a Carribean paradise, but for San Juan this is a great location for dining, with easy access to the financial district and other business centers. They also have a wonderful kids pool area and slide. Hertz on-site is very convenient for weekend trips.We particularly enjoyed Zabo's located just a block away from the Marriott tucked away on Ashford Ave. The service was extremely warm and hospitable and were a delight. The food was fresh, inventive and the outdoor patio made for a wonderful evening.Another good, if less inspiring choice is D'Parma located next to the new park located on the old convention center grounds on Ashford Ave. A wonderful outdoor patio with views of the park and fountain. And, of course a Starbucks and Hagen Daas across the street doesnt' hurt.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>whatalongstrangetrip
<Content>What a Great Trip, Great Place To Stay!       view from the 4th floor (also not my room)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kjscap
<Content>Not our scene My husband and I ended our Puerto Rico trip with three nights at this property. We had a rough time at check-in. We arrived a bit after four, which is check-in time and waited in a very long line to be told there were no rooms ready for us at that time. We were given a restaurant type pager and told to wait. We ended up wandering around a bit and having a drink at the pool bar. I really feel that Marriott should have done something for us, like comped a drink while we waited or something. We also went to speak to the concierage. Her name was Glendaly, I believe, and she was wonderful. After nearly two hours I went to inquire about getting a room and she helped us to finally get checked in. Our room was oceanfront in the remodeled tower and was fine. We were on the 6th floor and could definitely hear the lobby music until two am every night. It may be better to go higher. The elevators take FOREVER though. After check in we walked down the street and ate at an open air trattoria. The streets were very crowded and seemed safe enough to us, even after 10 pm. There was a prom at the hotel that night, and of course that was a bit annoying.The pool is small. It looks big on the hotel website, but it is tiny and totally over run with kids. There are apparently no rules prohibiting float toys so I was run over by a shamu thing that took up half the pool several times. Also, there are a lot of chairs, but many are in the shade and are lined up four rows deep. So unless you want to lay out packed like a sardine you do have to get down before noon to get a good spot. I really was not a fan of the environment down there. Tons of kids and kind of trashy people. The beach was nice. We took cabs to San Juan after being told NOT to take the bus since it has no real set schedule. The cabs were reasonable. The casino is jam packed with old locals at night. It was actually hard to move in there or get to play. We won a little bit. The lobby is packed at night. I have never seen a hotel bar so crowded. All in all I would look elsewhere if I had it to do over. The rooms were fine for our purpose, but it really seemed like more of a city hotel than a resort property, and the kids and type of people that seemed to be staying there made me uncomfortable. I would look at the Hilton maybe since it was closer to old San Juan.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>wm6257
<Content>nice place to stay stay in the corner room- the best -worth the upgrade the food is very good here ask the staff were to go they will tell you all you need to know very windy on beach waves a little rough water clear and warm no shells or seaweed pool o.k small no swimup bar have to get out for drink!! staff freindly an helpfull  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bebe22
<Content>Nice job, Marriott. Overall a terrific stay. Had a Cabana room on 6th floor. Fantastic views. Avoid lower floors if possible - views are obstructed by palm trees. Room decor was nothing special, but clean and new. Pool area is well kept too. Kids loved the pool slide. Plenty of lounges for everyone - no need to reserve a lounge at 8:00am. Only real complaint was the hotel food. Lousey, expensive, and no Puerto Rican specialites. Plenty of neighborhood restaurants at reasonable prices, with local cuisine. Try Mariachi's - best mofongo in town. Beach was wonderful (you must like rough waters tough!). Every day was a red flag day. Hotel staff was superb, and most tips were turned down. We had a small medical emergency, and the hotel EMTs were at our side within seconds (at no charge). Would not hesitate to visit again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Hrlandry
<Content>Great time at the Marriott Stayed at the Marriott 4 nights during a girls trip. We booked the cheapest room possible hoping for an upgrade since I am an elite member, but they don't give out upgrades unless you are platinum. My recommendation to everyone is book cheap and then spend $50 to get upgraded to an oceanview room with concierge access.This hotel had one of the best executive lounges I've seen. The food is great, the service is great, and the views are amazing. You can sit out on the balcony and see what seems to be the whole island. The bedrooms were of adequate size with nice balconies. The bathrooms were large as well. Elevators were quickThe pools were very nice and we never had a problem getting a chair. We even went down the slide which was fun. The beach is beautiful. It was very clean and the water the perfect temp. They have cabana boys that will carry your beach loungers out to where you want them and also put up umbrellas. All included in your stay with the hotel. And you can order drinks while laying on the beach. My only complaint about the pool is that there is no gated access to get to the pool and all of the local kids would come in and kind of take over the pool. That got to be pretty annoying when we were just trying to relax at the swim-up bar and kept getting splashed.The area that it is in at first looks sketchy, but all of Puerto Rico looks like that. They have great boutiques and restaurants. Our favorite was Pure Natural next to Wendy's, an organic cafe that had amazing fresh fruit smoothies and wonderful sandwhiches.Overall we had a wonderful time. I highly recommend the rainforest waterfalls and the Bio Bays (this was one of the most amazing things I have ever done). I can't wait to come back.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Betweet
<Content>Nice hotel, Nice pool, Nice beach Went to San Juan for vacation, picked the Marriott because of the location, pool and beach. Overall I loved the hotel, it's not a 5 star hotel but it met all our expectations. The staff was all friendly, went out of their way to say hi and met our needs. We didn't get an upgraded room so I have nothing to compare it to. The room was average, clean and appeared maintained. The housekeepers did a great job cleaning the room, always had clean towels, filled our ice bucket and had a chilled water bottle waiting for us. My daughter who is 10 loved the pool and the beach. Security was always watching the beach and didn't allow people on the beach who weren't staying at the hotel. I don't recommend eating at the hotel unless you don't mind paying lots of money for a meal..... easily 18-24 dollars for each person. The restraunts surrounding the hotel are just as expensive. There is a burger king close by, dunkin donuts, and fudruckers. Beware they dont speak english very well and if you request something made a certain way you wont get it that way... The walgreens was nice to have close bye but don't buy the milk... close to being sour. In previous reviews people recommended taking the bus to old san juan, very cheap 75 cents, if you dont mind waiting 30 minutes and driving through rough parts of the town. We were told we could just catch the B21 to get back to the hotel.. what a nightmare, no signs telling you which way they are going, no brochers explaning the process. Lucky us caught the bus (going the wrong direction) took us 3 blocks back to the bus terminal (which is a scary place to sit and wait for a bus) and told us to get out. Didn't know that you had to go sit down 20 feet ahead and let the bus driver take a 20 minute break and then get back on the bus. Helpful hint, spend a couple of extra dollars and take a cab. Over-all the good out weighed the bad and we had a good time. If your looking for a tropical vacation San Juan is not the place. It's a nice place to visit but most likely wouldn't go back. The rain forest and snorkel adventure made the whole vacation worth while.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vikster1
<Content>Great!! Everything was a wonderful experience. Very kid oriented. Kids kids and more kids. The pool slide was awesome, fun for children and adults. Many activities for the children...face painting,bingo, scavenger hunts and more. The pool/bar staff was super friendly. Check in was no problem. The oceanfront rooms are nicely decorated in pale yellows. New bedding and carpets. Nothing bad to say except maybe that we saw a shark in the water in the evening. Water was clear and blue. Oh and the regular lady who sat at the lobby bar everynight waiting for a date or something. Beautiful scenery and coqui frogs chipping. Felt vert safe walking Ashford ave even at night.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>baileysmommy
<Content>Absolutely loved the San Juan Marriott! I rated this above average hotel a rating of EXCELLENT on the overall experience. My husband and I, along with several of our friends had a wonderful stay in San Juan. While I went to great extents to research exactly where we would stay, I had my fingers crossed and I prayed that my selection was a good one. I was pleasantly surpised to see that most of the reviews I had read on Trip Advisor were accurate. The renovated corner rooms in the tower section of the hotel are absolutely beautiful. You have two balconies, once which is ocean front and the other is either ocean or pool view. Beware of the cabana rooms as most of those are not renovated and the difference between the two (renovated and non-renovated) are like staying at the Waldorf Astoria versus Motel 6. Great pool...you even get some eye candy (pool boys) passing around fruit while you take in some rays. Excellent beach front property overall.The location of the hotel, in Condado, is ideal; close to high-end shopping (Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Cartier to name a few) are walking distance. There are also a few non-national brand boutiques that have a great selection of fashion. There is no need for a rental car, taxis are readily accesible. Old San Juan is great and is only a 12-15 minute drive from the hotel. A lot of national brand shopping mixed with other quaint boutiques. Plan to spend a day or two in Old San Juan to get everything in. El Yunque (the rainforest) is also a MUST. The drive is long, so booking through the hotel is a safe way to go - $64 (includes transportation and tour of the forest).The Barcardi tour, in my opinion, was very boring. The taxi ride from the hotel was $35 plus $5 for each additional person, $36 wait time (if you want the taxi to wait while you take the 1 hour tour) and the same price for your return. Needless to say, you are paying for the free tour in the taxi fare. However, the two free drinks and the Barcardi store are a nice compliment to the otherwise boring experience.Night life at the hotel is always jumping, but be sure to venture out to Club Babylon and some other local spots to get a true feel of Puerto Rico. Lastly, the hotel food is somewhat expensive (to be expected). So take time to venture out to some of the local restaurants in Old San Juan. There are too many to name, but just ask a few of the friendly locals or hotel staff. They were very helpful to us in finding great spots to go for a nice meal.I would definitely visit again and stay at the San Juan Marriott.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>wallyj
<Content>One Great Vacation We just returned from our 1 week stay at the San Juan Marriott. Our room was very good and my wife loved the plush pillows. The staff was great from check-in to check-out. The entertainment every night was super (everyone was up and dancing till all hours). Some complaints that we read prior go leaving just wasn't there. The beach was clean and yes the neighboring buildings are being worked on so don't look at them, keep your eyes on the ocean and you will have a great time as well. We took a tour through the hotel for the rain forest. Our guide (Gus) was great and well worth the expense. We bought a bottle of rum at the walgreens to cut down on the cost of drinking at the bars all night (saved a bunch). We went to Old San Juan several nights (we recommend the Barrachina - dance show and dinner good and reasonable).  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fsupilam
<Content>Wonderful Time I had a wonderful time at the Marriott. We had a corner room #1509 and it was the best hotel room I have ever stayed in. The room was surrounded with full length balconies on each side of the room and the views were spectacular. If you already paying for oceanfront room, you might as well pay $20 extra a night. The beach was beautiful. The water drops off pretty quick, but I never felt like I was about to be swept away. The pool is a little cramped, but we had a blast there as well. Getting a drink at the pool or beach was easy. Food was good at the pool as well. The only other food we ate at the hotel was from the Executive Lounge breakfast. The food was good for what we needed and the savings from not having to buy breakfast at the restaurant made up for the extra $20/night we paid for the corner room which included lounge access. Entertainment at the hotel bar was very good in the evenings.The three nights we were there we ate in Old San Juan which is a $12 cab ride. The Parrot Club was fantastic. I reccomend the Churassaco Steak....best peice of meat I have ever tasted. We also ate at Ponza, but that was no worth it. Our last night we ate and Dragon Fly and the food was amazing there as well. I would skip there sushi and just order the main dishes. The mongolian beef and was awesome. The atmosphere at Dragon Fly may not be for everyone. It's best to eat earlier as the places really get packed after 9.I never flet unsafe when I was in San Juan, and I can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>waitndeary
<Content>Much better than most reviews. . .       Sunset from up top  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>grlclubn
<Content>The best place to stay in Condado I had a great time at this hotel, as previous reviews I was lucky to get a tower room on the 18th floor with views of both the city and the ocean. the room was very confortable and clean. This hotel is in a great location to everything. When construction is complete in this area it will be Awesome!!!!! the only complaint that I have is my room was never swept on the days that I was there. I spent 5 days/4 nites. The entertainment at nite was Excellent. This is my second time at this hotel, and I will be back. The people in Puerto Rico are very nice and to add to the fact that everyone was bilingual. also take advantage of the conceirge service, they are very knowledgeable about what to do and see in the city. They even made arrangements for me to go horsebacking and .Atv in the rain forest.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ATLTravelsALot
<Content>Serivce Awful. Internet Down 1/2 of the Time This place may have been renovated, but service levels are awful. Booded 2 oceanfront corner pool/ocean rooms @ 280 per night + 10% resort fee. Internet was down most of the time and wireless-only service is non-reliable and fails constantly. All guests in the hotel who had computers were complaining. Hotel staff clueless as to what to do. They would transfer me to a toll-free 800 number that went to India only to be put on hold for 20 mins before I was told an storm in Atlanta had caused global outages for the StayOnline (ironic name, right?) service. My comapny headquaters are in Atlanta and when I called the office, we were up and no major thuderstorms in the area. The hotel was just using this as an excuse. No major hotel, and especially one that caters to convention/business travelors should have such poor technical services in a newly renovated room. Drinks in the executive lounge are $8.50+ for serve-yourself bar. Security at the hotel is terrible. Anyone from the street can access the elevators and there were two security situations that had to be addressed on my floor during my 5-night stay. Sign-in within the executive club is also very unsecure and receptionists regularly would repeat guests name and room number when they walked in.....not a good idea in today's environment! In addiition, sign-in book is left laying out for all guest coming in to see. Hotel operators are responsible for handling calls to all areas of the hotel (ex. no front desk button on the ohones) and they often will disconnect or put you on hold forever before coming back to explain that no one is available. This Marriott has a great location but service it terrible. Rooms are nice now, but AC is either too cold/too hot 24 hrs a day. This hotel has had a facelift but nothing major. Business people will be majorly disappointed and families will be turned off by the price. All will be disappointed at the level of general service and staff competence. SJU needs a true 5-star property with consistent, reliable services. I have stayed at this Marriott many times over the years and sadly nothing has changed other than a badly needed room renovation. Guests paying these prices expect to receive more. Having to beg someone to setup an umbrella on the beach was also frustrating. Unfortnately, this is about the norm in SJU. Oh well, I tried it....again. Management has major issues to overcome at this property.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	3	4	3	4	1	1	

<Author>Dansladen
<Content>Great Hotel in the middle of everything Traveled to San Juan for business and I decided that I would only stay at this hotel due to the good experience my family and I had approx. 2 years ago during our summer vacation. Check in was quick and efficient, I had a city view room reserved (cheaper)and was given a sea view room. Room was very spacious and clean with a great view of the ocean. Staff was extremely friendly and helpful. Hotel has a multistory parking next door and the nightly rate is $14.00 which is better than the $4.25 you have to pay per hour. There are a lot of places to eat and shop nearby. As a previous reviewer states, you could stay at the hotel for a few days without having to go any where else. Hotel location is great as there is a Walgreen's pharmacy within a 2-minute walk, and a supermarket within a 20 minute walk. There a large variety of restaurants and small shops nearby. Watch out for noise as weekends can get really loud if you are in one of the lower floors. The pool area has the music blasting the majority of the day and at night the hotel lobby has a music band. This did not bother me as I was on the 6th floor but I could see how noise-senstive people would have issues. In all, a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>sal2009
<Content>Loved the Marriott       Two balconies  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jjessy1vip
<Content>Great Place we stayed in the hotel most of the time just because it was sooo nice...not to sure about the areas around..but if you want a nice place to stay, great pool, beautiful beach, and casino...this is it... will like to go back some day  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Encounters
<Content>Great Oceanfront, corner room - spacious My husband and I celebrated our 23rd wedding anniversary in Puerto Rico, San Juan (May 29, 30, 31st). The oceanfront, corner room that we had at the Marriott was great. The bed was very comfortable. I am a Marriott Rewards customer, so we had access to the Executive Lounge each day. We had complimentary breakfast, evening refreshments (excellent) and late evening desserts/coffee/beverage (non alcoholic). The Executive Lounge was at the very top of the hotel, with a outside patio overlooking the city and the ocean--spectacular view----. The lighting in the bathroom was excellent, from past experience, most bathroom lightings are too dark and deem. On the flip side, only if you are a gambler, like my husband and I, if you don't want to throw your money down the drain, this is not the place to go gambling, expecting any type of returns. This hotel is strickly on the receiving end when it comes to payouts and I found that to be very disturbing. It was one of the worst payout casino hotels that I have ever visited and I've visted a few. So Vegas, look out, I will be returning to the city that never sleeps, because with the payout at the Marriott, we had to go to sleep quite early. Puerto Rico, not the most tourist -friendly place, have no plans or desire to return soon.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	3	3	

<Author>cfed
<Content>Horrible Experience at this resort - left after the first night!! What an awful experience we had at the San Juan Marriott!! My party (husband, my mother and my sister) and I travelled to this hotel during Memorial Day weekend and it DEFINITELY was NOT what we expected!! It was something reminiscent of Spring Break, from the EXTREMELY scantilly clothed guests (which I would get into more detail about but think it wil be best to hold back) to the loud, obnoxious drunk people in the pool, this was not what we envisioned our vacation to be. Now, my husband, sister and I are all in our 20's, laid back and like to have fun, but this was over the top.THE GOOD: To begin, check in was a breeze, and they accomodated our early check in request. The rooms have nice decor - flat screen tvs, comfy bed, they did do a nice job with the renovations. The bathrooms are nicely appointed as well - beautiful marlbe vanity with lots of space to store toiletries, etc. Even though we didnt have an oceanfront room and when you immediately looked out onto the balcony you got an ugly view of this monstrous building under construction, all we had to do was look to our left and the ocean was right there, so that was a nice perk, as well.THE BAD: The surf at this resort is SOO strong and rough you really couldnt be in the water and relax; you constantly had to watch for the next wave to come and take you under. All of the staff encouraged the guests to stay out of the water. Now, when you are in the Carribean, you want to be able to swim in the beautiful, crystal clear ocean water, and we couldnt do that here.Needless to say, we were hugely dissappointed when we discovered this, and after we saw the size of the small pool.Food/drink service on the beach was PAINFULLY slow...I understand the Carribean (been to Aruba, Bermuda and Mexico ) and that your mindset should be to relax, you are on island time thing, but we waited almost an hour for 4 drinks!! We had lunch there at LA VISTA, I believe. Food was decent, but pretty pricey. The restaurant is located right next to the pool/beach so it does have some nice scenery. Our first (and only) time we had dinner at the resort was the BBQ buffet they had beachside...it seemed like a nice idea, but after we paid 24 dollars a person for alot of unappetizing food we realized what a bad move that was. THE UGLY: We were there less than 24 hours and I had to call the front desk 3 times!!!! At 11 pm (yes, that is a bit early, but we had been traveling since 4 am) the room next to ours was outrageously loud and having a party, with a screaming baby in the room, nonetheless. They definitely need to do something about the noise levels in the guestrooms - it seemed as if you could hear everything coming from the rooms next to you and there were no sound barriers at all. The noise was unbearable and we couldnt sleep and after dealing with it for a couple of hours, we succombed to calling the front desk to complain. A few minutes later, through our peephole, we counted 10 adults leave that room. I will say that security did come up after to confirm they broke up the party.6AM: We were woken up to about 7 girls yelling outside our door. They sounded pretty wasted. As I was calling the front desk to complain (AGAIN,) the door to the room next to ours opened and a gentleman excertingly told the girls to Shut up. The girls felt the need to respond to him with expletives I wont use, but once he went back into his room. we thought (erroneously) that this escapade was over. Boy, were we wrong. About 10 minutes later these girls returned AGAIN and this time when the guy next room over opened his doors to yell at them again, it turned into a shouting match and the girls threatening to hit him (unprovoked), etc. We watched this unravel through our trusty peephole, for to be honest, we were afraid of what might happen if we opened the door. I called the front desk for the 3rd time and told them they had a pretty serious situation on their hands on the 10th floor and they better get up here. The thing that bothered me the most about this situation was that we never, not ONCE, heard back from the front desk about this situation. They never called or came to our room to see if things had been solved.We barely got a sorry out of them for everything we had experienced our first and ONLY night here. I called up to my mothers room on the 12th floor (who had noise issues the night before, as well, but nothing compared to ours) and we would return to the InterContinental (Katherine at the beach bar rocks!!) in a heartbeat.Overall, we were extremely disappointed with our brief stay at the Marriott. My husband and I stayed at the Marriott Aruba resort for our honeymoon and we were extremely pleased with our stay there, so its not as if we have never stayed at a Marriott before.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	4	3	4	2	1	

<Author>GAAtltravel
<Content>Awful area Reading some of the other reviews it doesn't seem possible we were at the same place - except I know where I stayed.Room check in was delayed by hours past the 4:00 check in. We were given a $50. credit for the delay.Elevators were very slow. Concierge level ammenities were great, food available - times open and the view from the patio at sunset .Room appeared to be updated. It was clean and comfortable.Spa is 3 tiny rooms located right next to the work out floor of the gym. The loud music all but defeated any attempt to relax.Gym is in the basement, equipment is fine.Enough security in the hotel and by the beach to stop any non guests from coming on the grounds.The hotel while decent enough is in a terrible area. When you leave the hotel to walk anywhere you are greeted with homeless people laying on the sidewalk begging for money. There is quite a bit of grafitti on most buildings. The builldings on both sides of the Marriott are bombed out. There was no work being done on either of those building either. Most of the neighborhood seemed more like Beiruit than a tropical paradise. The walk on the beach in either direction was no better. There appeared to be a homeless tent city a few doors down to the left of the Marriott on the beach. Up against one of the dilapadated buildings were sheets proped up as to povide some shelter for those living on the beach. In both directions the buildings viewed from the beach were either vacant and/or in very bad shape. I am not overstating the location of this hotel.Took a trip to Rain forest , it was a fun hike and a good day.We took a taxi into Old San Juan and had dinner at the Parrot Club. Wonderful outdoor patio in the back. Very good food. However, again there were people just handing around the street corners that just seemed unsavory.I feel safer in many other cities ( including NYC) than I did there.I have visited many other islands and this is not one I would return to.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>teacher34
<Content>Very Pleasant Trip       room  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>costarica99
<Content>Nice urban oasis Stayed at this resort for 5 nights mostly for business. Overall, the hotel was excellent, especially considering that I stayed there during the busy Memorial Day weekend. Pros:Rooms: Very good. Stayed in the tower. Be sure to ask for an upgraded room in the tower. Room had flat screen TV, bathrobe, comp bottle of water each day. Ocean or City View options were available. Food: Had a nice pool side lunch. Pool service was prompt. Very nice coffee bar handy for breakfast take-out to the beach. Staff: Very courteous! Concierge was very helpful. Complaints were handled promptly. Parking: I suggest valet parking. It didn't cost much more than the garage and the staff was prompt. Location: Very convenient. Starbucks, Walgreens across the street. Old San Juan, where most of the action is, is about 3 miles (see below) Very close to the airport. Beach access is excellent. Beach: Beach service was great, with attendant ready to set up your umbrella and chair. Of course, bring a few dollars to tip the guy. Ocean is fun, but can be a little rough for the kids. Ocean water is what you might expect, refreshing, but you are swimming next to a major, urban location! Restaurants: In the neighborhood, there is an adequate, pricey, sushi place next door. Old San Juan: Definately go to Dragonfly, Agua Viva and Parrot Club. For a great local sushi option, don't miss Jinyas, it's a drive, but worth it!Health Club: Top notch. In the basement of the old wing, this place has all of the equipment you'll need. They also provide one comp bottle of water to guests who work out. Safety: I noticed plenty of staff around, both at the pool and beach areas. While there does appear to be a high crime rate, like many urban areas, the hotel and surrounding areas felt safe to me. Jogging: Suggest an early wake-up and do the three mile (each way) jog to Old San Juan. Other: At the concierge desk, there are handy maps to most of the tourist locations with easy to follow directions from the hotel. Cons:Rooms: Be sure to stay away from the ice machine/staff entrance elevator. It tended to be noisy. A squeaky staff door was repaired promptly after I complained. Broadband: Since I was there for business, I had to use the wireless service. In the room, this service was HORRIBLE. I complained but there was absolutely nothing they could do to speed it up. There is a business center with faster service. Location: Taxis are not cheap. It was about a $12 cab ride to Old San Juan. Pool: While there are plenty of beach chairs, the pool is awkward. A huge wading pool and rather small regular pool. Probably great for kids, but not so nice for most folks. Restaurants: Avoid the gelato place down the street. It just didn't taste very fresh!! Rates: Be sure to have them explain their resort fee. This is not a problem, but it is almost automatically included on your bill. Check in: Could have been much faster. The hotel promotes express check in, but I couldn't find it. Casino: Well, maybe because I lost money. It just wasn't a pleasant place to spend the evening. Elevators: Slow, but I did stay over the busy holiday weekend.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	1	

<Author>iloveAA
<Content>Excellent Hotel I bought a travel package through Travelocity and they suggested the Marriot Stellaris so I wound up spending two nights there. First, the hotel is in Condado, about a 20 minute, $17 cab fare from the airport. It's a pretty nice and clean area of town.The hotel is kind of old, but very well decorated. The room (I was inthe tower, city view) was faboulous, bed was very comfortable, and there was a 37 LCD tv. Nice touch. The pool/beach area was OK. The pool was nice but nothing like the atmosphere at Intercontinental or El San Juan hotel. The beach was a typical beach. The beach bars were fine, and karaoke in the afternoon was pretty fun with all the drunks around. I did check out the sandwich shop in the lobby, it was very good. The buffet restaurant on the ground floor was excellent for breakfast. I also tried Tuscany italian restaurant. It was OK, I would not go back because it was too expensive for the food quality. The staff was very friendly and did a lot to make me feel at home. The lobby bar gets kicking at night with tons of dancing. I'll certainly stay at the Marriott again next month. OH, and there are lots of good restaurants in walking distance. The Walgreens on the corner is a godsend too.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KevinandMichelle10
<Content>Everything we wanted for our Honeymoon The Hotel staff was incredibly friendly and welcoming. They really made it seem a pleasure to serve us. We had an oceanfront view room that was beautiful. The beds were very comfy and falling asleep to the sound of the ocean was nice. The pool was great, the hot tub was nice(although it wasn't hot the first couple nights). The beach is great. They bring out chairs and umbrellas for you. The ocean is like bathwater, although you have to be careful with the waves. The drinks and food are very pricey so we ate at a place called Dannys(left out of the Marriot and down a block on the corner) and their food is very good and very inexpensive. We were a little disappointed that the swimup bar and the beach bar closed so early. The beach bar is only open until 7. The concierge was very helpful and saved us a lot of money by suggesting renting a car instead of taking a tour to the rainforest. I really can't understate how the friendliness of the staff made our stay enjoyable. As far as eating, we ate at the Cherry Blossom right next door, which is a Japanese restaurant where they cook the food right in front of you. It's very good but expensive. We also ate at Yerbe Buena(right across from Dannys) which has very good food. We ate at Dannys every day for their breakfast. Their fried egg sandwhich on a hoagie is phenomenal. There's also a place called The Burger Joint which has one of the best hamburgers we've ever had. Take a right out of the Marriot and it's only a few blocks down on your left. We got a little tired of Puerto Rican food so this place was great.The Rainforest was nice. I recommend going to the top trail with the tower. The view is spectacular. Note, when you get to the top of the first part, look for the sign that says Wildlife Viewing Area and take that trail to the tower. The other road doesn't lead to much of a view.We also went to Old San Juan and it was a lot of fun. There's a really beautiful walk that goes right by the ocean around the city. We went on the Bacardi tour which we both thought was a waste of time. It's basically two hours between travel and everything else to get two free drinks each. The rest is a big commercial for Bacardi.The location of the Marriot is great. Starbucks is right across the street and there's a Walgreens a block down for anything else you might need. If you want to find beer or wine, take a right out of the Marriot and there's a store on the left side down a few blocks which had the cheapest and widest selection. We heard a lot about how it's dangerous in Puerto Rico but we never had any problems or felt unsafe. The people there are extremely friendly and offer great advice(such as, 30 SPF suntan lotion isn't going to cut it.)Between the weather, food, staff, room, and view we had a great time and can't wait to go back.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>a2diaz
<Content>Loved Puerto Rico!       Pool at nigh time  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>5956
<Content>Beautiful The first of three hotels we stayed at and it was georgous. We paid $120.00 on priceline and for 25.00 a night more got upgraded to an ocean front room! The salsa music at night is awsome and the bar makes great mojiti's. Condado is lovely. Try Pamela's for dinner, you won't be dissappointed. The pool is lovely too! Viva Puerto Rico!!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cynderemy
<Content>Nice hotel The hotel was very nice. We had a cabana room overlooking the pool and beach. The room was clean and the beds were very comfy. We didn't eat at the hotel - there are a lot of restaurants within walking distance that are much more affordable and have a better selection. The location of the hotel was convenient. About a 15 minute bus ride into Old San Juan for 75 cents. We took a taxi back since the bus doesn't run after 9pm - the taxi ride was $12 plus tip. Around the hotel you will find decent restaurants and a few shops. It looks as if Condado is under a large renovation. One of the restaurant owners said that Condado has lost its flare. If you are looking for a full scale resort within an easy commute to Old San Juan, the Marriott will do just fine.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ChaunceyGardiner
<Content>Unexpectedly nice鈥?great for business, wouldn鈥檛 spend a week on vacation here. The Marriott is situated in Condado, an upscale, beachfront neighbourhood. Pedestrian traffic is slight on the back road, but the immediate area certainly seemed safe. The beach was good, but fronted by highrises. How do I start here?I was here for business, on a four-day, three night stay. Check-in was courteous and fast. As an Elite Marriott guest, I was offered (for a fee) an upgrade to a corner room (prev posters mentioned the -09s, I was in a -17 room) with Exec Lounge access鈥?sold! And a good decision that was!My corner room was recently renovated, very spacious, and had window doors opening onto two balconies, one facing the beach, one facing the myriad of high rise condos and offices in Condado. The room was in the tower, which seems to have been recently renovated. (Cannot verify status of Cabana wing rooms鈥?The room was in muted yellows and creams, with matching drapes and bed scarves. Bed was full new Marriott style, and slept very well. Hardware was in deep woods, including lamps and frames. Bath in stainless, marble and sparkling tiles, with well placed halogen lights鈥?no shadows, really well done. Toiletries were Marriott-standard, so no special points scored there.Exec Lounge on 21 was very good. I arrived on a Weds, which apparently is the GM鈥檚 reception. The lounge was hopping! They had music playing, and lots of functional managers there. Even the Exec Chef was there鈥?giving pointers on what was especially good on the menu in the various restaurants.The lounge had terrific food displays in the evenings, both cold and in 2 chafing dishes, serving things ranging from chicken wings to squid ceviche and fresh crab salad. Dessert came in the form of a variety of cakes and cheeses, which were well done. Disappointment: the wine served (except for the GM reception) was charged at $7 a glass, but was a marginal domestic value brand. That said, the exact same wine in the lobby bar was $9.50 a glass, and $7.50 at the beach bar! (Please, sort this out鈥?For breakfast, the lounge had a nice coffee machine, and was available at 6a on weekdays. Light foods and fruits, along with cereals, were on offer. Two hot chafing dishes added nice touches with quiches, scrambled eggs, etc. Was disappointed that the only newspaper available was the local paper鈥?the WSJ never actually made it to the lounge, so I was out $3.50 a day to get business news from off-island.I'd rank this Exec Lounge highly... ahead of the Renaissance Moscow or the Zurich Marriott, but not quite on par with the JW in Hong Kong or the Sydney Marriott.Must praise one of the folks in the lounge: Peggy. On my trip down, I had left my blazer in my car at DTW鈥?and needed it for my meetings. After the front desk directed me to the Macy鈥檚 at Plaza de Americas, I arrived back at the hotel with a newly purchased blue blazer, but which had cuff buttons jingling WAY too loud. I spoke with Peggy, and explained my dilemma鈥?offering to pay housekeeping to help me. She took my jacket (this is around 6:30p) and said she鈥檇 get this taken care of. She verified that I needed it in the morning, and ran away with it. By the time I got back from dinner at La Vista (8:00p?), the blazer was already back in my closet, with all- ALL of the cuff buttons clearly removed and resewn, and no more jingling! Then, promptly at 7am the next morning, Peggy called to verify that I had the jacket, and that everything was done- WOW. I asked who I needed to pay, and she said there鈥檇 be no charge鈥?her comment: 鈥渨e want you to look good for your meeting.鈥?Very, very, very nice.I don鈥檛 gamble, so I can only judge the casino from one walk-through. It seemed to have sufficient blinking lights and card tables to make the folks there happy. Can鈥檛 speak to anything else there.One plus was the proximity of Starbucks (at least for me鈥?. It鈥檚 directly across the street, less than 25 yards from the front door. If you鈥檙e in town for business, and can鈥檛 wait for room service at 7am, or the lobby coffee place to open, Starbucks doors unlock at 6am, and they鈥檙e closer than walking to the beach. Also, there is a full Walgreen鈥檚, with grocery section, less than 100 feet down the street鈥?again, easy and safe to get to.The Marriott鈥檚 beach might have been a disappointment鈥?had I been here for vacation. This is not a clean, green, palm tree-lined beach鈥?we鈥檙e in the midst of the Condado area鈥?think Ft. Lauderdale or Miami, not Magen's Bay, Laguna Phuket, St. John, Marco or Hilton Head. It鈥檚 high-rises, right up to the waterfront. If you want remote, quiet, trees, desolate beach, this ain鈥檛 it. Also, there鈥檚 apparently a vicious undertow here, so be careful. I ate at three restaurants at the Marriott鈥?La Vista is their generic Marriott restaurant, which had a regular menu and good wine selections, although not overwhelmingly great. An order of calamari arrived ice-cold from the kitchen, but a smile and a quiet word had it whisked away and quickly replaced with a correctly hot dish and an apology. Also ate at the Italian restaurant, which had a gracious Italian wine list, and a good menu. Very tasty, but seemed quite expensive.Finally, ate at the pool bar/grill before my flight out. Everything served with plastic, but the grilled chicken sandwich was certainly good. Waitress was attentive and helpful. Again, a bit expensive, but no complaints.There seems to be live entertainment in the lobby area each evening, of varying grades of quality. The lobby itself may be one of the largest lobby bars in all of Marriottdom, the casino is to your right, bar is directly in front of you, and the front desk, almost an afterthought, is to the far left. Enormous bar, serving 7x24... heck, there were folks sitting at the bar drinking at 6am when I was heading over to Starbucks! That said, if you want to walk off a plane, into a lobby, and into a cool drink, though鈥?this is the place. Reminds me a bit of the Marriott Frenchman鈥檚 Reef or Marriott Bal Harbour鈥?but it鈥檚 a resort hotel, right?There was hi-speed wifi in the room, which was certainly serviceable. The plug array under the flat-screen tv was helpful, and I never once crawled on the floor to get cables connected. Did not visit the business center, so can鈥檛 speak to that.One bugaboo (and I see this at too many Marriott鈥檚) is the outsourcing and abdication of responsibility for postage. I wrote a postcard to my daughter and my Dad, and then needed stamps. The front desk sent me to the gift shop鈥?who insisted I needed a 39c stamp, and then charged me 46c per stamp. New postal rates: 26c for a postcard. Let鈥檚 be clear here: Marriott has allowed their gift shop to charge a highly visible 77% markup for a blinking stamp. This is really poor, and Marriott should be embarrassed at this.Overall, though, a very, very good hotel. Hardware and software worked well together. Room was clean and very comfy. Employees helpful and service oriented. For me, in town for business, I was delighted. The room was just terrific, services were solid, and internet access worked well. Food was good. Giftshop (expensive stamps and $3.55 Wall Street Journals) was very poor.I would not, though, book this as a week-at-the-beach vacation, purely because the beach was surrounded by high-rises鈥?I鈥檇 be looking for something a little more, well, beachy. For business visits, or one-night pre or post-cruise, I鈥檇 be very much in favor of this property.  
<Date>May 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>queenbuc
<Content>Beautiful hotel Just came back from an all girls trip to Puerto Rico. We originally booked the Caribe Hilton with the expectations of a nice hotel. The lobby was beautiful but after seeing the room we quickly exited stage left. Definitely not worth the money!!So we headed over to the Marriott. It was beautiful. The lobby was nice. The bell men were cute and the rooms were clean and nicely decorated. Our first room had some leakage problems and we were promptly relocated (with help) and given a $100 credit. We didn鈥檛 eat at the hotel at all, too pricey for us. There is a great restaurant down the street with really good Puerto Rican food that is open 24 hours. I can鈥檛 remember the name of it but it is right next to Walgreen鈥檚 on the Ashford Ave. side. The portions are large so we either shared or took the leftovers back to the hotel. We inquired about a microwave and a few minutes later a guy was knocking on the door with a microwave to put in the room, free of charge!!After realizing all the taxi rides were going to cost a small fortune, we chose the bus. Only $.75 each way! The bus goes everywhere from Old San Juan to Isle Verde and even the airport. Old San Juan is nice and perfect for tourists. We found a little shack by the port that served the best Marlin pastelillos, the manager, Andres is really nice. We also caught the ferry over to the Bacardi plant for free drinks!!! The souvenir shops definitely weren鈥檛 as cheap as the Bahamas. The clubs were okay. Too many young people though. Senior Frogs has a great atmosphere but leaves something to be desired in the food department. We decided we wanted to get away from the tourist spots and wanted to rent a car. The Hertz desk at the hotel wanted $40 a day!!! So I went down to the business center which is open 24 hours a day and booked a small compact car using Hotwire for $12.95 a day. The total for the day was less than $20. The only bad thing is the $14 parking fee at the hotel is ridiculous!!! We rode the bus to the airport, picked up the car, and hit the highway. There are small tolls as you drive up the highway, the most expensive one was $1.50. We drove up to the El Yunque rainforest, which was only a 45 minute drive. The tours from area hotels range from $40-$50. So we were expecting an entrance fee of some sort. Well to our surprise it was completely FREE. We walked the trail to the La Mina waterfall. We didn鈥檛 go to the peak this time, we heard it was beautiful. Either way, you can鈥檛 beat this FREE excursion.All in all we had a great trip to Puerto Rico. I would stay at the Marriott again, however, I would rather rent a condo off the beach.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	5	

<Author>cruiser1963
<Content>Great hotel We stayed one night on Apr 20, 2007 prior to a cruise. The tower rooms are very nice, spacious and in pleasing colors. I was surprise at how large the room was. Everything had just been refurbished in the room.The hotel dining was nice, but a little expensive. Great beach and quiet and clean pool. I would stay here again without any problem. Staff was very nice.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TravelMaster123
<Content>Poor Hospitality in San Juan Marriott Resort  This is an arrogant HOTEL This hotel needs to go to HOSPITALITY SCHOOL specially the CASINO. After playing $500.00 they were not kind enough to extend the courtesy to stamp my parking ticket. They stated having no proof of me being in the Casino playing at all. I cashed in my winnnigs which did not amout to $5.00. Then went to the Courtesy Desk (better to be called INSULT DESK) They told me that I needed to be a Casino Member or to have a Membership Card. I returned to the window where I cashed my prize. The clerk called a supervisor and was willing to badge for me stating that he just cashed a prize for me. The supervisor and the Courtesy Clerk both denied stamping my parking ticket. Also their ATM machines do not display the amount that you will be charged to get your money. It was incredible that I had to take a leap of faith accepting the unknown charges.Otherwise on a different day I went to the Ambassador Casino, I asked about all these parking issues. They say OH NO PROBLEM HERE play and when you are done we stamp your parking ticket. I played about equal amount and was happy with their services. Overall happier crew.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	

<Author>Dittosparkle
<Content>Loved the beach behind it A friend and I booked this place a week in advance and we didn't know what to expect. If you are looking to relax at the beach, chill out near the hotel and not mind taking a cab to Old San Juan or Isla Verde to party, this is probably a good place. There isn't much hustle and bustle around the hotel... but there are plenty of restaurants, and bars within walking distance.My friend and I are actually happier that we stayed in this area vs Old San Juan (eventhough we went there twice) because of the convenience of the beach and the centralized location.If you can get this hotel at a decent rate, I definitely recommend it  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanjuantraveller
<Content>Excellent Service April 2007.We booked this hotel, Marriot Hotel members and was interested in staying at this hotel. Upon arrival the front desk check in was excellent. They greeted us with a smile and could not do enough to explailn the facilities of the hotel, all the amenities it had and upon arrival at just before noon we were given a beautiful room, garden tower. The room was very clean, the bedding was above average and the bed very comfortable. The pool area was also very clean and the service at the restaurant and around the pool was second to none. They were all very courteous and helpful. We ordered breakfast in the morning, and the service was within 15 minutes. They phoned about 1/2 hour to make sure the breakfast was what we wanted.All in all this is a very well run hotel, the room was great, and quiet and the staff very friendly and courteous. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in the Condado area. Also the beach is wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happywhilewaiting
<Content>Nice hotel, but front desk needs help The lobby area of the hotel is very nice. They have live music and dancing in the evening. The casino is nice, but totally non-smoking. For most this is a plus, but for someone who smokes and goes to casinos regularly it was a bummer.The check in process took forever. We waited almost 30 minutes for someone to helps us. Then we had to wait until 430p for a room. They did hold our bags for us. The room was very clean and the amenities were up to date. For the amount of money you pay for a night I don't think it was worth it. However, in the Conado area is the best. The beach was nice and clean. They had chairs and umbrellas for guest. The good thing is they aren't set up already. You have to ask one of the workers for one and they set everything up for you. No chair saving or fighting over the loungers. There was plenty for everyone.We ate in the restaurant twice. It was good, but not great. However, the prices are ridiculous. The lunch buffet was $19.00 a person.Overall, I would say it was a nice hotel. But, still I think it was a little pricey. There's no way I would go to San Juan or this hotel for a week. In my opinion you could go to much nicer resorts and islands for the same money. By the way, this was my 2nd time to San Juan and the Marriot.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bobbie007
<Content>Great Resort I stayed at the San Juan Marriott and had a great time. Our room did not have the best view but we did not stay in the room that much. Food:I had lunch and brunch at the hotel restaurant. The service was a bit slow (though polite) but the food was good. If you go for brunch, try to get there early so that you can avoid the line at the omelet/ waffle station. Rooms:There are two buildings 鈥?one with the room renovated and ones in which the rooms are not. I did not see the rooms in the older building but I heard that they are bigger though with less of that new feel.I was in the newly renovated building. I had a double which I shared with one other person. The size was adequate for two people. The bed was comfortable 鈥?firm but no too firm. Very clean, nice and pretty linens. There was a lovely flat screen (or plasma) TV. Good to have 鈥?did not look at it that much.The rooms with an ocean view have a nice little patio which is good for relaxing or picture taking. If you are sensitive to noise then opt for higher floor 鈥?one guest was able to hear the band playing. Hotel Staff:They were quick and attentive when you called from the room to get additional such as extra lines and shower gels. Beach:The beach it self was great. You can order lunch (or drinks) and have it brought over to you. The water was a bit rough when we were there but I still took a dip. The water is generally clean and clear Drinks:Alcohol 鈥?excellent!!!!!!!! The non alcoholic drinks were good as well. The Casino:I played there. Good enough for my needs though there might be better ones on the island.Entertainment:There was nightly entertainment in the lobby of the hotel while we were there. The band was pretty good. Location:There are a number of restaurants and shops with in walking distance. Not too far from Airport, Isla Verde and Old San Juan (may be 20 鈥?25 minutes depending).All in all a great stay  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>travelgrrlnyc
<Content>What a view!       Corner room  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>lv2trvlBoston
<Content>Lovely resort, lots to do nearby We stayed for 5 nights (could not stay the weekend, it was too expensive) and loved it. It took a while to check in but we walked around and began to unwind and get into the relaxed Caribbean mode. Once we were able to check in the room was beautiful with a nice view of the pool and beach. Yes there were trees obstructing our view, but they were palm trees and they provided shade and privacy while at the pool. Lobby was loud but they were playing local music- I am not sure why people are complaining about it. Casino is small but it was fine for an occasional gambler. The gym is good size for a hotel.Our room (a corner room) was huge, good for 4 people. It had 2 double beds but it could have fit queen beds. The beds were comfortable and the room was clean. The bathroom was long, wallpaper was peeling but it was clean. There was a small fridge though it never got too cold but was fine for water and drinks.There is a lot nearby as far as shops and restaurants. We only went to the brunch at the hotel, overpriced but the food was fine. One street over is a great Mexican restaurant and down the street is a sub shop that had excellent food. The area is safe, though it is advised not to be on the beach after dark. We took a bus to Old San Juan for 75 cents. Taxis to/from airport are less than $20 depending on people or luggage. There are tours from the hotel, we did the rain forest with the waterfall- just beautiful.The pool was nice and there were plenty of chairs around. The beach was ok, waves were strong and it was a city beach (obviously) so it was not as pristine as in other parts of PR. Nobody bothered us while we were on the beach, which was nice.The staff at this hotel were superb. Everyone was so nice and gracious. Our maid did a great job and would make decorations with the towels and face clothes. The people at the door were so helpful with directions and recommendations. It was these little things that made us really enjoy the hotel.Overall we liked it here, would recommend it for those who want to be close to San Juan and the city. Not a great hotel if you want to be in a quiet resort-like setting.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>versakos
<Content>Not bad at all. I traded in some of Marriott points and took a few days (4/2-4/6). I read all the reviews about the place and, did have my doubts. Here's what I found. First off, I am a business traveler. I travel about 1-3 times per month, usually in the U.S. Most times, I stay in a Marriott or similar. The place is not bad at all. The rooms were very clean, spacious, The staff was friendly, and attentive. The casino was fun. It is not huge like a Vegas or Atlantic City, but it was great. The area is a little run down. I felt safe but, like anywhere you have to be on your toes. Keep smart. Don't make yourself a target.  Here are a few good things: Great beach / Restaurants were good. Dont waste your time in the Italian place. It was not worth it. / Walgreens nearby was a plus / Starbucks was also a plus / A few bad things:Cabs...They all seem to charge $10 - $15 for everything. I thought, I kind of got ripped off for that.Parking...$15 daily for a guest??? Standard for all hotels in the area.As for the price of $350 per night..What do you want, your in the tropics.Go, have a great time....  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SJhulawahine
<Content>Enjoyed The Stay... We stayed here 3 nights for a work conference and prior to a cruise. The hotel itself was great, we had no problems with anything and the location was pretty central to our needs.Room : we were lucky enough to get a corner room which felt very spacious. We had 2 sets of sliding doors and a small balcony. One side faced the beautiful waters and the other faced a building construction. Needless to say we kept the curtains closed on that side! The room was spacious with a king bed, a desk  chair, a lounge chair, flatscreen TV and a safe. The bathroom was great - it had all the amenities we needed.Hotel : overall was very nice. The casino was a bit small but we only walked thru it, didn't play since we heard from others how tight the machines were. There is a bar right in the lobby so it's a nice place to people watch. It also has a small sundries store and concierge desk. We walked out to the pool which were very nice. Although there is a sign that says reserving chairs is only limited to half an hour, we never stayed long enough to see if it's enforced. The beach is okay. It can get crowded by noon so it's best to go out before that to get a chaise lounge and a good spot on the beach. The waves are pretty rough. While we were there, we saw a lot of locals body boarding and a lot of tourists getting knocked down by the waves (not badly though!). The workers there were very friendly. And everytime I called for housekeeping, they came right away to clean our room.Restaurant : we only ate at one. It was the noodle bar tucked in the corner of the casino. We were craving noodles and it definitely hit the spot...although be expected to pay a lot more than at your usual local joint!Location : is okay. If you're walking along the beach and look back, it may not look like paradise with a lot of run-down buildings and construction going on. But on the street, it seems better. There is a Starbucks right across the street (Haggen Daaz is coming soon!) and Walgreens right at the corner. If you're coming out of the hotel and turn left, there is a little strip mall area across the street. Try eat at the restaurant that sells gelato. I had a chicken sandwich there which was very good. Various : this Marriott is only about 15 mins away from Old San Juan. Instead of taking a taxi there, we took the city bus (I believe it's B21, but double check with the front desk) which turned out much cheaper. Each way was $0.75 compared to the $14-$16 we'd have to pay for a taxi! It may take a few minutes longer but it's a great way to see the city. :) Along the lines of taxi's, the rate for 2 of us plus 2 luggage from San Juan airport to the Marriott hotel was $16.I would definitely consider this hotel again if we ever get a chance to go back. Hope you enjoy your stay also!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yvonne4avon
<Content>Never Again! The room was your basic Marriott room, and definately not worth $350 a night!! Location was ok if you're ok with gangs going up and down the streets in front of the hotel. We did not feel safe at all. The food at La Vista was good, but again not worth the cost. Except for the doorman and Efrain, the waiter, it seemed everyone had a chip on their shoulder. Bad attitudes from the staff. Tried to meet with the hotel manager to discuss an incident, but, he never responded. We couldn't wait to leave! We'll never go back!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	2	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Elkay65
<Content>Some positives, some negatives       fishing on the lagoon Armando  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>ckrobynToronto
<Content>Absolutely LOVED the Marriott Stellaris!       Our room in the tower buidling  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CV_Traveler-7
<Content>Not worth the money Went here on my honeymoon the week of 3/10. Several things were wrong with our first room (paid extra for the double balcony room):-- toilet leaked-- refrigerator was extremely loud, had to turn it off-- view of second balcony was a construction site.Also several things that were publicized in our package we did not get, like a free breakfast and manager's special. In the book for the hotel it said you could play basketball and tennis but when I called they were not offered.This was just way too little for all the money we spent (@ 400/night). Got moved to another room which was fine, noting speacial. Another thing was the elevators were out more than they were working most days. ALSO we booked a tour to see the rainforest on Wednesday for the Friday tour, we went to confirm Thursday night and they had us down for the wrong day, the tour was booked and we never got to see the rainforest!!! I would suggest renting a car, it's alot cheaper anyway.I would suggest staying in either Isle Verde or Old San Juan, depending on what you are looking for. There right isn't anything to do within walkign distance to the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>veek61
<Content>Pricey for a ghetto resort We stayed at the San Juan Marriott Resort and Stellaris Casino for one night on our way to the Dominican Republic for spring break. We arrived at 2pm and left the next morning at noon.There is no shuttle service to the hotel, which is probably 20 minutes from the airport. Exiting in the SJ airport, there appears to be a single cab company - or single tourism company that manages the cabs. They are in a little kiosk as soon as you exit the airport and they write up your itinerary (for the cab driver) and tell you the fare. Then you line up and get in a cab when it is your turn. Cab fare to the hotel for 4 of us with 4 suitcases and a golf bag was $18.50USD.The hotel has a tall tower, maybe 20 floors, and then a 4-5 floor high wing (the cabana rooms). We requested a low floor in the tower because we had heard that the tower rooms had been renovated already but the cabana rooms had not. We were put in a tower room on the 18th floor, overlooking the pool and the ocean. The room was nicely decorated and clean, and had a new flat screen tv.The beach in this area has tan/brown sand. The water is bright blue/green. The pool at the resort is very nice and has a little water slide and swim up bar. They are obviously trying very hard to be a resort. The problem is that the area surrounding the hotel beachfront is all either graffitied and run-down, or under construction. Maybe eventually it will get cleaned up but we were really not enticed to walk along the beach, for example.This does not stop them from having resort prices. Our room was about $400 for the night (+/- tax) for a single room with two double beds. Hamburgers at the pool grill were $12, a bottle of corona was $5. The Vista restaurant in the hotel offered a lunch buffet for $22 per person and a breakfast buffet for $17. We did not do either and didn't even check the dinner prices.Out on the street side of the hotel you are within easy walking distance of a starbucks, walgreens, dunkin donuts, wendy's, and subway - in addition to several little local joints. We would only stay here again if we were on our way to somewhere else and this was a stopover for one night. This is not somewhere I'd want to go for my entire vacation.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>GEVG
<Content>A+ in every area! All staff at this hotel are hard working and very helpful. That says a lot. We had an ocean front room (10th floor) nicely decorated  very clean. Beds/pillows/towels/bath products good quality. LaVista restaurant on site great food/good service. Friday night seafood buffet worth the $30. Pool/beach area beautiful. Pool towels and chairs plentiful and in good shape. Location of this hotel near many resturants and bus stop. Walgreens just up the street is open 24hours. Safe and refrigerator in room very handy. Casino comps could be better, lost money but had a great time. Consider trying the Radisson up the street, small but fun (they serve sandwiches and soup at the machines)! We were at the Marriott 10 nights and can't say enough about how nice this place is. I think the only downfall is the $14.00/day parking fee if you rent a car. Consider only renting on the days you need to use a car. Hertz is just a few doors is cheaper than the Hertz counter at the hotel. Taxi service available 24 hours.Go to this hotel so you can enjoy the beach and hear the waiter say, Pina Coladas, Strawberry Daquiris, Margaritas, bottled water........  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amykins0711
<Content>Good Service, Nice People We stayed here with my marriott points. Hotel rooms were nice and clean and updated new recentley. We had a city view room and upgraded to a pool/ocean view. The front desk told us it would be $25 extra a night. A couple mornings I heard a little bit of construction, nothing much around 8am. I told the front desk and they deducted the extra $25 per night no problem. The waves are pretty big on this side of the island, and you should get to the pool to get the good seats in the sun if you- half the pool is in shade. The beach you could see construction and workers and an ugly bldg. next door- but the chairs are a plenty and they carry them out for you! The best thing to do is go to the beach until around 1 or 2 and then go to the pool for lunch and the rest of the afternoon. Sandwiches aren't bad there and you can get them for $7-10, depending on type. The drinks sure add up- so walgreens is right down the block to stock up. The casino is pretty good- all the staff is nice. The lobby is fun on the wknd.I suggest the Japanese restaurant and the mexican restaurant both right outside the marriott entrance. Also the El San Juan hote is fun lobby and casino and an awesome restaurant called the palms. Also a night club- kind of techno music though. Overall Service was great at the marriott - people very nice- nice room, comfy bed. I would go back.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Capma
<Content>Nice and friendly Location is close to the airport and safe. Very tourist area and Starbucks across the street and Walgreens is down the street. Has a nice pool and great beach. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Not too many restaurants close by but Old San Juan is a short taxi or bus trip away. The room we were in was newly renovated so it was nice. Casino is very small and limited but allows some play. I would stay at this location again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>8isEnoughNY
<Content>Fantastic Family Vacation We took our six children to Puerto Rico from Feb 14th to Fed 20th.This is the first real vacation that we have taken in years, other than going to Disney with all the children every year. We requested three rooms so that we could have some privacy. Out of all the hotels that I called, Marriot t Hotel and Stellaris Casino , was the only hotel that was willing to accommodate us and arrange three rooms that were all together on the same floor. This gave us a king bed in one room with a connecting door with two double beds in the next room. The third room also had two double beds. The rooms were Super Clean. The staff was extremely accommodating. We never had to ask more than once for anything! There is bar service on the beach as well as at the pool. The property is in excellent condition and very well maintaned.We ate at the Tuskany restaurant in the hotel one evening and I must say that the food is very good . I would reccommend the fish dishes as the portion size on the other dishes were on the small side. We ate at several of the local restaurants within walking distance and enjoyed the local ethnic cuisine. We also dined at Morton's Steak House located at the Caribe Hilton. I must say that dinner was as as excellent in Puerto Rico as it always is in New York City. This was our first trip to Puerto Rico. We will definetly return and stay at the Marriott again. We were fortunate to become aquainted with the hotels vacation planner, Vivian. This great lady helped us with everything from reservations, sight seeing and other activities off the hotel property. She went over and beyond her job making sure that we had a great time and even checked in on us on her days off. All eight of us agree, other than a little rain on the day we went home, we had a great time.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>junior8114
<Content>Not as luxurious as you might expect my wife and i paid over $300/night to stay in this hotel. we had to swipe our key card no less than 15 times to get it to work in the door. we could hear the people in the next room like they were in ours (laughing, tv, etc.). not very clean. the shower was an adventure. water was over my ankles in the tub by the time i was done. coffee bar food was terrible, with even worse service. i don't like being swarmed by 3-4 bellhops looking for dollars every time i get back to the hotel. really not worth the money you pay to stay here. beach is nice...but you really can't screw up beautiful carribean waters.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	4	4	5	

<Author>Teddy1995
<Content>Loved this hotel...highly recommend it!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fellow-in-chelsea
<Content>B++ : quibbles here and there  In the interest of disclosure: Moderate-price traveler. 10 night stay. Pool  Ocean view, non-renovated, non-smoking room. Instant review made during day six of 11 day stay. Gastronome and oenophile.  Overall good-to-great review. Hotel is WELL-LOCATED in Condado district of San Juan. View from balcony of our room was spectacular. Surf was audible all day and night -- which i find pleasant. Hotel's decor is not swank but not homely either. Situated on the beach with a Walgreens, bodega, bus stop and several reataruants within a minute's walk. 2 pools. Beach chair and umbrellas available. During my stay about 65%-plus of the persons at the Hotel appeared to be families with children. A few straight couples. Almost no GAY/LESBIAN persons (sadly) seemed to be present.Beds are comfortable. Linens are soft. Staff is friendly and accommodating. For example: myself and companion often used the Privacy Please sign and the maids would ask when or if we would like the room tidied. Concierge is helpful. The quibbles: Rooms could use renovation, in particular the carpet. CD player in room would have been nice as would have been a better television (I did not use the television). In-hotel restaurants are fair at best. The Italian restaurant, is particularly mediocre given its $20+ entrees. Stick with the more casual dining option (La Vista). Wine choices both by the bottle and by the glass at the hotel are horrendous. Condado and Old San Juan are to my taste clearly not gastronomic or oenophile destinations. No vegetable other than root vegetables (plantains, cassava, yucca) could be found in the local restaurant offerings. Migas (dinner), while exhibiting a beautiful modern decor (and stunning marble or alabaster bar lit from below), presented sculptural but uninspiring food -- salt seemed to tb the preferred flavoring. Migas does have a varied wine list that is superb as compared against Zabo, Aguaviva, and Buena Yerba. My worst food experience to the date of this entry was lunch at Buenos Ayres on Condado ave/st(?): I sent back the soggy fried calamari; the coconut shrimp was encased in coconut such that no shrimp could be tasted; the house salad was all boston lettuce and unripe tomatoes.Hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>gruvtrtl
<Content>Marriott Exceeded Expectations               More photos  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JACAEDHE
<Content>Excellent Customer Service            
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MimiCSeattle
<Content>Pretty Good But Could Be Better I recently attended a week-long conference at this Marriott and from previous reviews knew to ask for one of the remodeled rooms. I really recommend this because my colleagues' rooms were terribly shabby, but the new ones are very nicely appointed, if a bit on the small side. I also had a corner room which had a gorgeous view of the pool, beach and city (at an additional cost of course). I enjoyed my stay until day four when construction started around 8:00am in a room near mine. The noise was like a small jack hammer that could not be escaped, even with earplugs. I politely asked to move rooms but was told there were a lot of people coming in that day and to check back later in the day. The situation was handled very poorly and I am following up for partial credit on the room because they never moved me and construction started early the next morning. Besides this pretty major glitch, the rest of the experience was nice: pretty public areas, great pool and beach. One thing that you should note when reserving is that the price of the hotel does not include a $25 tax + $22 resort fee. We were part of a group so it was not clear whether this was to be expected but that seems like a significant addition on top of an already high room rate if you're not expecting it. The hotel is a $12. cab ride away from Old San Juan, which is postcard beautiful and has some really great restuarants. We enjoyed several including Baru which had great food (sit outside) and Amadeus, which had a great ambiance with live Spanish music and a great menu that includes excellent seafood. I also suggest starting off your night at the upstairs bar at El Convento (beautiful little hotel) and a post-dinner walk on Paseo de la Princesa. PR is beautiful and the people were extremely warm. It's impossible not to fall in love with this city. I will certainly return but hopefully to a much quieter room. One last note: our group was taken to the phosfourescent lagoon in Fajardo. Kayaking through a channel in a mangrove and coming into the lagoon's shimmering waters under a starry sky is an experience I'll never forget.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	3	2	5	

<Author>NYCJOHN
<Content>Great Hotel Year After Year I have been spending a week at San Juan Marriot each year for 10 years now and consider it a great place. The location is great. The Condado area is a great combination of beach resort and real city. Very short walk to excellent restaurants and good shopping. The hotel is right on the beach. The rooms are good, service is very friendly.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ztraveler-6
<Content>Great 2 day stay for business.       View of ocean from balconey.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BermyBye
<Content>Right on the Beach Stayed here with friends prior to a cruise and had a good time.They did a great job re-building the old Dupont and added a new casion and parking garage.The room was good with a comfortable bed and aswome shower pressure. This was a great assist in waking up mornings.The food in the restaurant was very good. Enjoyed the buffet.even had a few hand-rolled cigars which are made and sold on site.Very large pool with waterfall and private access to the Condado beach. Large pool bar with pool attendants.A useful laundry for washing. I'm not much of gambler but did loose a bit in the casino, but had fun doing it.Pretty good location on the Condado strip but away from Old San Juan, will need to have car.Rebuilding going on in the neighbourhood as things are improving. Some very good local restaruants nearby.Overall a very good time here.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>coalrbear
<Content>impecable service       View of pool from balconey.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>momilyn
<Content>Wonderful vacation! I am so pleased that we choose the Marriott for our 5 night stay! I can not say enough of how kind and friendly the workers were. Our room was on the 11th floor in the tower, so our room was one of the newly renovated rooms and it was lovely. We loved the fact that we felt like we were at a resort and then all you had to do was walk out the front lobby and you're on a street with plenty of awesome restaurants and shops! A Starbucks across the street, a gelato/sandwich shop, and great pizza places. We caught the bus practically in front of the Marriott for 75 cents and we were in magnificent Old San Juan in 15 minutes. Again, all the people in Puerto Rico were extremely friendly! I would highly recommend eating lunch or dinner at the Parrot Club in Old San Juan - delicious! My husband and I can't wait to go back and experience more of Puerto Rico and we would defintely stay at the Marriott again!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lisa222
<Content>A Place for Tourists I am staying at this property for business for a week. There is no construction noise, at least after 5 pm. No signs of construction in the lobby, casino, or pools. In fact, my well-worn room overlooking the beach+pools (a cabana room on the 7th floor) could use a bit of restorative construction! Nothing is truly bad about the room, just a bit tired. For $345, I have had more exciting rooms! Beautiful pools, though.Pro's:--great area--many, many resto's within walking distance.--short cab ride to Old San Juan--nice beach--nice linens (bathrobe, 7 pillows on the bed, good duvet)--great air con--quiet (at least Cabana rooms are very quiet)Con's:--no discernable up-grades for Marriott frequent stay members--housekeeping goofs (no coffee with the coffee pot)--no screen on doorwall to balcony, so can't leave door open (due to insects)--most guests are cruisers--old+loud  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>lv2travlChantilly
<Content>Very Nice Hotel       El Yunque National Rain Forest  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jimgray99
<Content>Very Nice We stayed on the 5th floor in an oceanfront room. The staff was helpful and friendly. The room was small but very clean and well decorated. Room safe, plasma TV and refrigerator in the room.A cab to the old town was about $15 but I recommend the bus.The bus stop is just a 1/2 block down Ahsford street to the right.Dinner in the Tuscany resturant in the hotel was the best meal of our trip.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coando
<Content>Thanks Priceline! My husband and I had a sudden change of travel plans and needed to book a next day lay-over stay in San Juan. Fortunately we were able to get online and book on Priceline! We got this hotel for a bid of $120 a night, a significant savings from the $280-400 per night listed on the Marriott website. We even got a fairly decent room, in the tower on the 7th floor with a partial ocean view (the other part was of some very noisy construction of another high rise hotel right next door, but they lay off work at 5)Let me warn you, tho, the hotel does hit you with a few extra charges beyond what you've already paid thru Priceline, such as a resort fee based on percentage of room price, an occupancy tax of $10, and a parking fee of $14 per day.This hotel is located in the Condado section of San Juan, which is pretty much identical to Miami Beach, including a Starbucks, a Subway Sandwiches, and a Wendy's in the immediate neighborhood, just in case you've been missing junk food.As others have stated, the beach and the hotel grounds are lovely, with the whistling of the coqui frogs at night, and the staff gorgeous and helpful. We didn't explore the bar, casino, restaurant or buffett. We did eat at a 24 hour Puerto Rican diner just down the street, where we tried some very nice goat at a very reasonable price.All in all it was a fun nights stay at a great price for this area!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Mccoyote
<Content>Loved it!!!               More photos  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lydmik
<Content>Great Thanksgiving Vacation What a great Thanksgiving Vacation at the Marriott in San Juan. The staff was great!! I asked the Concierge Enid where there places to eat for breakfast. She stated Here of course, and provided my family of 4 complimentary breakfast for the entire stay. The pluses: - The resorts Tower is being refurbished so the place was not crowded.- The kids love the slide at the pool and the beach which was cleaned everyday.- Great staff. All recommendations for restaurants were right on! One of our favorites was the Restauran Buenos Ayres which is a block 1/2 away on Condado and the Parrot Club in Old San Juan.- The room was always clean- Walgreens is a block away for getting drinks and snacksThe minuses:- Agree with last posting about the beds. They were too soft and the pillows were too small. - Prices for drinks are high but go in with the attitude that this is a resort and your on vacation ($7.00 for rum runners; $4.00 for lemonade)I'd highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>taln
<Content>A really good time to be had.... Just got back from a week's stay. Business trip - but have some great things to say about the resort. First things: The beach area is actually very pretty - as well as the pool area. The restaurants were great also. The room service was actually fantastic! I stayed on the 7th floor on the Cabana side of the hotel. Great view of the pool and beach area! My only complaints are this: - the bed was a bit too mushy for my taste- the rooms were showing some wear and tear- the drinks were expensiveHowever, some other good points are: - Great lobby bar, great live bands and great food. The staff was very accomodating and helpful too!The resort was very clean. My room was always spotless. Great towl art too. Not to mention, leave the cleaning crew a tip from time to time and they are very appreciative. - Great bellman service, etc.- Good workout facilities and great massage rooms/massages.If you are staying here, you will have a good time.The hotel is 60% under renovation in the main building. The good news is that there are less people to fight for spots on the beach or pool, and the even better news is that there is no construction noise. :-)Have fun!ps - some grrreat restaurants to try in old san juan are: dragonfly and Tantra. Fantastic!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>voodoovixsin
<Content>had a blast My husband and i stayed here on our honeymoon in may, and i do have to say we had the best time! the service was excellent and the hotel wasnt too busy. however....a lot of people from the island came to the bar area(women) looking for travelers to mooch off of, we noticed, and i was bugged constantly about lending out cigarettes and they were rude. my hubby and i had platinum membership, so we were able to get access to the penthouse for free meals and drinks 24/7, so that helped, and had an ocean view and a city view since we were a corner room on the 16th floor. we couldnt even hear the construction. i would recommend this hotel, but be prepared to spend some money! food and drinks and cabs are expensive!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>local806
<Content>Terrible Experience I must say that I was extremely disappointed in this Marriott property. The first room I stayed in was in the Cabana section of the hotel. Well, let me tell you that the room stunk of mildew and was actually growing out of the air conditioning duct. I asked to be moved and spent a night in a room where the sheets smelled musty as well. After a days work, I returned to find the clothes in my suitcase wet from the dampness in the room. I had to get my stuff drycleaned.Suffice it to say, I switched to the Hilton Caribe, which is an absolutely fabulous hotel and is comparable in price.I am also a Marriott Gold member (a few night away from Platinum) which means I have stayed well over 50 nights at a Marriott property this year alone and over 40 last year. I have never in my life been so disgusted with a hotel. It actually made me sick there was so much mildew here.I stay at Marriott's for the reward points and would have to be extremely upset to even consider switching to a Hilton. After this experience, I may just become a Hilton guy.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Creek28
<Content>We had a terrific time - hotel, staff are very       prettiest city ever  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rcp412
<Content>Nice Hotel I was plesantly surprised by the San Juan Marriott. My family and I went here for vacation in April 2005, and I have to say when I was reading the reviews before our trip, I had my doubts. However, my family loved it here! The staff is extremely friendly and courteous, probably the frendliest I've ever dealt with. The standard rooms were average sized but beautifully decorated. The room service breakfast is absolutly delicious along with the Italian restaurant on-site. We loved the spacious balcony overlooking the ocean. The pools were great, but can get a little crouded. Pool area is beautiful! One of the only things that was slightly dissaponting was the beach. The beach itself was very nice, but the loud construction got in the way of a peaceful beach day. Some of the reviews say that the ocean is rough but we found that absolutly false. It was very calm and warm. I would without a doubt stay at the Marriott again!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chekhov61
<Content>OK but area needs improvement The location is great. Lots of restaurants in the area. Cab rides to old san juan are around 15 bucks each way. If you stayed at an Isla Verde hotel, be prepared to spend around 25 bucks each way. The main problems were:1. Way overpriced (around 320 a night)2. Construction nearby (although I didn't hear much noise). 3. conditions on the beach. No life guard.Great in front of hotel but, on each side there were old abandoned buildings. This hotel is one of the newest on Condado Beach only because a huge fire in the 80's gutted the place.We stayed by the pool view, ocean in the distant. Very cool. I would not stay in this hotel if your view is the street. Any room from the 6th floor up is great.Pool was nice. The water temp was great. the waves are extremely strong with a nasty undertow. No life guards make it dangerous for children under 12. They rent boogie boards for 6 bucks a day. Was fun.Overal It was a really good place to stay for a family but, definitely not honeymoon material  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better places to stay Visited Puerto Rico for the first time and stayed here after reading a number of reviews on TripAdvisor, Yahoo and Expedia. What I liked:- Lobby, location, pool, casino, restaurantsWhat could have been better:- Room, Bathroom, locationThere is a bus stop to Old San Juan but it is unpredictable and the bus service is very slow. The area has alot of restaurants, parks, and shopping but also has alot of construction.If your going to San Juan, I would definately recommend staying at a resort, a good one. Going to Old San Juan is a day trip, a few good sites, nice too walk around if its not hot, not much to shop for.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous location! My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights following a cruise in July. We were able to check in early but not in a room we had requested on the internet, however, it turned out to be a very nice room with a fantastic view of the ocean and beach. It was on the 6th. floor and fairly quiet except for the sounds of the ocean! ( no complaints there)...The staff and housekeepers were very friendly and helpful. The room was clean when we arrived and kept clean our whole stay. The hotel in general could use some cosmetic repairs but overall pretty nice...hard to beat the location and views!! The beach and ocean was right in front of our room and the pool below. Double sheeting on bed was a plus. The internet was very helpful for info. and maps of places to visit. We rented a car and the parking garage charges $14 per day. Just need to figure out their parking ticket procedure...take a ticket at the gate, park, take ticket to room with you. Then when you leave again have the parking attendant stamp the ticket before you go to your car and insert ticket at gate on your way out...this was different for us...Tuscany's restaurant on site was fabulous! Walking Old San Juan on our own was wonderful...the El Morro Fort very interesting...so much history here. This Marriott is going through some renovation but for now is still very nice and we would definitely return just for the location, beach access, and views! Live music downstairs in the bar area was great...people dancing, having fun...everyone was so friendly. Very nice beach with chairs, beach towels, and umbrella provided by hotel....we'll be back! Hope this helps ...  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be careful under Construction!!!!! Hotel is under construction. Dust and debri everywhere. Call and ask frist before you book. Ask for a room as far away from the main building.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stay! We just got back from a week's stay at the Marriott and couldn't have had a nicer vacation and relaxing time. From the moment we arrived to our departure, the staff and environment was excellent! We traveled with our two teenage daughters and had adjoining rooms which made a nice suite effect. The pools and hot tub are well maintained; the restaurants serve delicious food! There is even a place to do your laundry by yourself rather than using the hotel service (saves $$). Starbucks is right across the street as is a delicious gelato/food restaurant. Within walking distance are drug stores, food marts, all types of restaurants (Italian, Japanese, American etc.) We had an absolutely wonderful time at the Marriott and are anxious to visit again next year! No other hotel other than the Marriott!!!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NoJokeDee
<Content>It Was O.K. I spent my birthday at the San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino in Condado, PR. We stayed for 4 nights in a poolside/oceanview, nonsmoking room on the 10th floor. Overall, it was a beautiful hotel, but there were some problems. First of all, check-in was a nightmare. I was not told before I arrived that there was an additional deposit if you use a debit card instead of a credit card. I went to prepay for my room, but the front desk clerk stated I would have to pay an additional $250 dollars that I did not have. I asked for the manager, and he acted as is he didn't know anything. Eventually, my friend and I paid cash for the room for the first night just to get settled in. The next day was also a bit frustrating because of the deposit requirement. The day manager was willing to work with us; however, she called my room at about 7:00 o'clock in the morning to ask about my credit card, which I thought was VERY rude. Second, there was a small drip coming from the ceiling in the bathroom. The first engineer came and wiped off the ceiling, and told the manager it was condensation. The second engineer said the same thing. Eventually, there were about four different maintenance engineers sent to my room before it was resolved.Third, the water in the bathroom never actually got hot. It was just warm, and I really don't like to take warm showers and baths. They also ran out of washcloths by my second night.NEVERTHELESS, I voiced my concerns to the manager upon checkout and requested to be compensated for the inconveniences. He refunded the cash price I paid for the first night including the resort tax and fees.Overall, I can say this was a pretty nice hotel. I was not excited by the location because it was in a neighborhood that is currently being renovated. There are several other large hotels being torn down, built up or rebuilt, and the construction took away from my view. But the rooms in the Marriott were clean. The rest of the staff was friendly, and the beds were very soft. The pool area was beautiful. It included a waterslide, and the beach was nice; however, the gates to the beach close at about 6:00 pm, and you have to go out to the street if you want access to the beach in the evening. On the weekends, there are live bands that play in the lobby, and they serve food and drinks; but there is also a two-drink minimum and the food is just O.K. The casino was O.K., but I did not see one person really win anything.All guests have 24-hour access to the business center, which includes a daily 1-hour free pass to use the internet and printer. Guests also receive a complementary bottle of water daily, and free access to the fitness center. I was able to borrow an umbrella the day it rained, and the guys working at the Concierge and Rental Car booths were very nice.My suggestions when it comes to staying here: Take the bus when possible. Request a higher floor because of the house band, but not too high because of the construction. Have an open mind, be flexible and don鈥檛 let the small stuff ruin your vacation. Bring a lot of money because things got a bit pricey at times, and study some basic words in Spanish because there are still a lot of people who don鈥檛 speak English. Also, buy water, toiletries and additional film at the Walgreens down the street, and make sure you spend at least one day sightseeing in Old San Juan.If I ever go back to San Juan, I will most likely stay at another property in Isla Verde instead of Condado because of the nightlife. We spent at least $30 dollars a day on taxis going back and forth between Isla Verde or Caroline and Condado. Although there were some decent nightclubs and restaurants near the Marriott in Condado, most of the popular ones were located in the other areas. The San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino in Condado is a good hotel for families who just want to relax and who don鈥檛 plan to venture out to the other areas too often.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>fredandkell
<Content>Overall, a pleasant stay! We arrived around 3:00 on a Monday and headed to checkin. We were paying for 2 nights of the vacation ourselves and redeeming 2 nights through Marriott rewards points. Our redemption points were only for a cityview room, but the clerk allowed us to stay in the same room all four nights (the 2 nights we paid for were in a club-level ocean front corner room). We were thrilled by that - we had not wanted to change rooms, and that was a significant upgrade. Our room wasn't ready until 4:00 but they gave us a pager and we hung out in the lobby.The rooms do need upgrading, but hey, that's what they're doing for the next few months, so we knew what to expect. The corner room was large and had two magnificant balconies. The bed was very comfy.The beach was awesome. I don't know why someone said the beach was small - they're crazy!! It is HUGE! Very deep beach, with Hawaii-like sand (very soft and thick granular) and Gulf of Mexico water (even though you're on the Atlantic side, the water is green/blue and very clear). The waves were nice - big enough to give you a thrill, but no nasty undertow. I did hear the water gets pretty rough on this side of the island in the winter. The lounge chairs and umbrellas were a nice touch. The pool was nice; one pool is only 2 feet deep for the kiddies, but I found the beach to be the main attraction anyway.We ate at La Vista - not horribly expensive, typical $12 resort burgers. A decent meal. I recommend walking out of the hotel and going left to eat. (There wasn't much to the right except a Wendy's.) As mentioned in other reviews, Yerba Buena was FANTASTIC! A must-eat! The casino - ho hum. Just not really that exciting. There was only one craps table and it was the deadest, most devoid of life thing we've ever seen. The dealers didn't seem to really know the rules either. We had fun playing roulette, but most people there play slots or blackjack. Low-limit tables were nice ($2 roulette). The casino is expanding another 2,000 square feet to add penny and nickel slots. People complaining about the casino being smoky - have you ever been in a casino that WASN'T smoky?!?! We had been excited to stay in a hotel with a casino, being gamblers, but we didn't spend much time in this one. Also they do not give free drinks to the players!On that note, the club level lounge doesn't have free booze either. I was surprised by this - I thought this was the point of club level!? They have this honor bar system where you can get booze between 5:30 and 7:30 and you write down your name and what you bought and it gets charged to your bill. Drinks were pricey ($6.75 for a local beer). And wouldn't you know it, someone wrote down our name and charged alcohol to our room that we didn't drink and we had to get them to take it off the bill. (You are supposed to sign in every time you use club level. I think someone got our name off the signin sheet and wrote it on the alcohol sheet. Moral of that story - don't bother signing in). The desserts and breakfast in club level were very nice, though.This is a hotel where you definitely want to stay so that you can see the ocean. The other side ain't nothing to look at. I would not stay in the cabana rooms - the tower is the only way to go (after it's done in 2007!). The cabana rooms looked to be much lower quality than the tower rooms and have limited views of the water, even if you are on the ocean side.Overall we were very pleased by the hotel and would stay here again, especially after the renovation. It was a very relaxing experience.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very satisfied This is an excellent location- very nice beach, walking distance to several restaurants (try the Island Breeze), and an excellent coffee bar in the lobby. The rooms are overdue for updating, but the staff is very friendly and helpful. The bar often has live music and dancing.Yes, the hotel is amidst some renovation but so are many areas within San Juan.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Get Away... My daughter and I just returned from the Marriott. It was a nice quick get away for 6 full days. We got to the hotel 12:00 noon, we had requested early check in, that was the best, our room was waiting for us on the 18th floor looking out to the ocean. The room was nice nothing spectacular, clean and the beds  pillows were so comfortable. The pool was very small but we are beach people, who wants to go away and sit on concret. Richard at the beach was amazing, he would have me all set with 2 chairs, 2 tables and an umbrella everyday at 8:00 am, that was the best not having to worry about finding a chair.The staff was excellent very, very friendly. The Tuscany resteraunt was fabulous, we went twice excellent, I would recommend it. The buffet was average, so we never ate there. Lunch we grabbed a salad or a sandwich and ate it at one of the tables. We went into Old San Juan for some shopping and dinner a few times, I wasen't impressed at all. The stores close at 6:00 pm so you have to go in the afternoon and we didn't want to leave the beach, but we did. The shopping was just ok, jewlery stores, coach outlet, got some good buys...Then just your tee shirt and trinket shops...I wouldn't run back to Old San Juan so fast. Everyone made it sound like it was the best but I found it to be no big deal. The resteraunts there were great thought, we ate at Aqua Viva, had a watermellon sangria that was to die from, excellent food...I found the location of the hotel to be excellent, we walked every night to get a galate across the street and ate dinner's at the local places right on the street by the hotel. Wallgreens is 1 block fron the hotel which came in handy for soda, water and snacks. Overall, it was a nice get away for 6 day's, would I go back?? Im not sure, there are many other places to visit....I hope my review helps....  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very average, with airplane noise This hotel was average. Certainly not worth $200 USD per night. Tiny beach. At the pool, all day long you hear every single airplane taking off and landing since hotel is only 2 miles away. Room was clean. DVD player was a nice touch. Would not stay again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How you look depends on where you go       A shot from the catamaran  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JenJos
<Content>Great Time! Weekend trip to the Marriott was great. I was a little worried after reading the reviews but was pleasantly surprised. We stayed on the 18th floor so we were not disturbed by the band in the lobby. The sound of the waves at night was very relaxing. Room service was great and not too expensive with nice sized portions. Restaurants in walking distance with Miro being our favorite. The staff was pleasant and accomodating. We arrived early but had a room within an hour. The beach seemed nice but the water was rough. Hope this helps any wouldbe travelers.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DoDATC
<Content>Not as impressed as others Spent 4 nights in a club level full ocean view/corner king room. Requested highest floor available but ended up with the 5th floor. Not too bad of a view as long as you were looking forward to the ocean. The view off to the side was another hotel under construction. The Marriott is going under construction in June and is probably much needed. Showerhead was cracked and the non-minibar refrigerator wasn't very cold.IF you are going there on a weekend, AVOID getting a club level access room as the amenities of the executive/club level lounge are not available. Breakfast is Mon-Fri and the honor bar/evening snacks runs Sun-Th. Not worth the $270 you're paying for access to that floor. In fact, no one is/was available for the exec lounge for the weekend and the coffee machine ran out of beans. Thankfully there was a Starbucks across the street!Dinner at Tuscany's was delicious. The seafood buffet on Fri night was great. Food and drinks poolside weren't too bad and the pool area was nice, but overrun with kids on the weekend. Definitely take advantage of getting out and experiencing the restaurants in the Condado. Hotel is in a good location and having a Walgreens around the corner helps if you need anything from snacks to water to first aid without having to pay hotel prices.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sayra
<Content>I loved it This was my first time going to Puerto Rico I love the hotel it was great the room was wonderful I stayed in a ocean view room category.it was great just to sit there in the night and hear the waves coming in. The room service was good and the price was reasonable. Everyone in the hotel was nice especially at the beach and the pool. The beach was great however the waves were kind of strong, but the that can be your work out for the day.The beds were extremely comfortable. Housekeeping was absolutely exceptional. I would definitely go again and stay at this hotel.The hotel is centrally located 20 minutes away from the airport and 15 minutes away from Old San Juan. I would recommend this hotel for everyone families, singles, couples.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DG0217
<Content>Not recommended, go elsewhere I would not recommend this hotel for a vacation. You get the distinct feeling that you are at an average, borderline run-down, Marriott in central New Jersey, it doesn't feel like a resort at all. This hotel needs work in every respect. The rooms need to be renovated ASAP. They are dank and haven't converted to Marriott's new fancy bed policy (knock-off of heavenly bed at Westin). A Courtyard has nicer rooms. The shower head was at my shoulder, like 2 feet below a regular shower head. I have never seen anything like that! But, we were there for the beach and sun. However, when we got outside, we were disappointed. The pool is small and shallow. One half of the pool is a little deeper, but there is a volleyball net there, which takes up the entire pool with the net and crazy kids playing, so forget that! You need to hang out in the 2 foot side of the pool. They never opened the swim up bar during our 4 day stay. The beach was short and the water was too rough to hang out. There were big waves and lots of locals with full surf boards and boogie boards, so beware you might get hit when they come crashing down. The waves weren't huge, but you couldn't relax out there, you needed to be alert so you could dive under the waves, or get knocked down. They did have a lot of chairs on the beach and attentive waiters though. They charge way too much money for what they deliver + resort fee. Positives: close to the airport and old san juan. However, I don't think Old San Juan is as quaint as everyone claims. It has like 2 cobblestone streets and everyone acts like it's Europe. It is about 30% gentrified. There are some nice, trendy NY-style restaurants littered between shops that sell random trinkets not from Puerto Rico, We saw lots of shops selling stuff from India, China, and Africa. I recommend Marmalade and Dragon Fly, good food, fun, and fancy drinks. I also recommend going to another hotel!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CanadianMag
<Content>Old rooms, nice views! I paid $110 a night for this room on priceline. We had a tower room and garden room. I would never paid the normal $300ish price for these run down rooms. I felt more dirty when I got out of the shower then when I got in!!! There was mold everywhere. The beds were nice, as well as the pool and the ocean. Other then that this hotel really needs its 6 month reno. I feel a little ripped off paying $110 for the room.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>GoGirl2006
<Content>Watch out for Cabana rooms and political climate       7th Floor Cabana Room View  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jibberinz
<Content>Not Bad.. A group of 7 of us stayed there in the month of april. we got there before check in time and they let us leave our bags with the bell boy so we could go to the beach until it was time to check in. very nice idea. the rooms were nice. with a balcony. but it was very noisy when you open the balcony but with a nice breeze. also, it was very convenient to have the pool and the beach right there. although i prefer the beach of vieques then the san juan beach, it was still ok for those that like nightlife and people. San Juan is a tourist location with restaurants near by you can go to. they say it's safe. also you can take the bus to old san juan. only 75 cents. nice and convenient. the restaurants nearby the marriot recommended: tijuana's. that's the only one we liked. especially if you're a vegetarian, there are hard tofind foods. we took the rainforest and snorkeling tour from the hotel. the rainforest tour s----. the guide made us basically run on our hike, and not walk like it said for half hour. he talked non-stop all the way there. he made us freeze in the bus with high AC. it was not worth the 49 dollars. i would recommend hire a car and go to the forest by yourself. it's free admission. we basically paid to hear a guy rant non-stop for 7 hours. the snorkeling trip was worthwhile. 77 dollars and worth every penny. the bus took us to fajardo. we got on the boat, got served pina colada's, chips and listened to music. go to the beach and learned a little bit of the snorkeling since i was freaked out of swimming! i didn't get to do much there cuz i was still a lil afraid. got back on boat. had a nice lunch. went to the next spot and was blown away by the reefs and fishes. it was amazing. got back on boat and sun bathed back to the shores of fajardo. it was very nice overall. but next time i'd definitely skip san juan and go to VIEQUES.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>survivor3
<Content>Marriott-Better than O.K. We stayed at the Marriott 4/14-4/20 and I was a bit nervous from reading all the reviews.As always some things are great and some just o.k.Yes the rooms are a bit old,but clean.The bathroom small ,not tiny and we found the water pressure in the shower just great.Hotel service was very friendly and very helpful.We were on the 8th floor and heard no noise in the room from the lobby.We had a room overlooking the pool and ocean,beautiful.The ocean was great,of course you want waves,they are fun if you want calm go to the pool.chairs at the pool are taken very early and there is no shade.The beach has umbrellas if you get there early enough.We had no problem getting any type of service at the pool.beach or casino.The weekends at the casino are way too busy and the lobby is very crowded but the music is great. Tuscany was very good.We ate at La Vusta for lunch once and that was enough,just fair.Got to Danny's for breakfast and lunch(pizza was good).Yuerba Buena, just down the street was great.I would stay at this hotel agin and when the rooms are renivated I am sure it will be even better!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cherber
<Content>Fantastic Time! I just came back from this Marriott and had no problems what so ever. We stayed from 4/9 to 4/15. We had a pool/ocean view and the room was clean, there was no smells or mildew as the others have reported maybe because we were in the cabana club side of the hotel. Yes, the room was a little out dated but you are not in your room all day and night. The service was great we needed extra towels, we called and within fifteen minutes they were at the door. Yes, the internet was down and I did call to find out how long and they told me a couple of hours. Ok, no problem went to the beach. When we came back to our room there was a bottle of wine and plate of fresh fruit and a note saying Sorry for the inconvenience. Nice touch... As for the beach, you have to remember you are on the Atlantic Ocean side of Puerto Rico not the Caribbean Sea side. Yes the waves were a little ruff but we spend our summers down at the Jersey Shore so this was nothing to us. My husband and sons spent hours in the water just riding the waves and to them this was heaven. We had no problem getting service on the beach, pool, casino or in the hotel lobby. They also have entertainment in the hotel lobby on certain nights. Very entertaining to watch. The hotel did have a reception night, Wednesday, where you got to meet some of the staff and ask any questions about the renovations. They served free drinks and hot appetizers. We found everyone to be very nice and helpful. They keep the hotel very clean. Every morning I watched them clean the lounge chairs and tables at the pool. There are many shops and restaurants right outside of the hotel. We found the food in the hotel to be very good. In fact we had sirloin steaks and filet mignon one night that you could cut with a butter knife that is how tender they were. Yes, they are a little bit pricey but anywhere in the caribbean islands the prices are high. Just like everyone says go to WALGREENS. We bought snacks,water,coke,etc..... We also went to the Bicardi Factory and Old San Juan. Just watch out for the taxi drivers, they drive crazy. Also the cost to these sites should only be around $12.00 and to the airport only around $15.00 and these prices were for 7 of us. Go and enjoy yourself you will have a great time. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stress over other reviews I was nervous after priceline gave me this hotel when I read the other reviews, particularly about service, rooms and friendliness. I found it just the opposite. from the moment I walked in the lobby, hotel staff were friendly and smiling. I had a great room caddy corner to the ocean and although it faced a building under construction, the view of the ocean made up for everything. Breakfast on site was great and you can eat outside facing the ocean. Although it rained a lot, I spent time mostly on beach when sun was out. The gym was also nice.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the price Just got back, definitely not worth the price, but not bad. Probably the best hotel in Condado, but that isn't saying that much. As with most Marriott's, this place looks like it hasn't been upgraded since it was built. Nice pool, beach was very dirty, food was okay. I wouldn't pay $300 again.Jack  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>irishd23
<Content>Pretty Good We stayed at this hotel the past week and had a great time. The service was great - staff was always happy to help you. The pool was wonderful and there were enough chairs that you could always find a couple side by side. The beach was great, not too crowded and the staff would happily set up your chairs and umbrella. The music at night was great and really entertaining. The rooms could use a little renovating, but they say they are doing that this summer. (We didn't spend much time in the room anyway so it didn't bother us). We didn't eat in the hotel but the food in the Condado area was GREAT! I highly suggest Miro - turn left at Walgreens and it's just a 3 block walk. It had the most amazing tapas and desserts. ( I know this sounds horrible but try the eggplant dessert, the waiter suggested it and it was possibly the best thing I have ever had.) There was also a Mexican restaurant a block down that had a marachi band that was really fun. Old San Juan was great, but try to go on the weekdays when fewer cruise ships come in, it's not as crowded.Overall, We had a great time!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Flyerno.one
<Content>OK at Best We stayed at the Marriott Hotel in San Juan this past week. The hotel has a great location, but many faults. The Marriott website is getting more and more inaccurate, and no one seems to care. We booked a room on the Club Level as the website claims, we paid $380.00 plus tax and resort fees which made the bill $463.00 per night. The club level is non-exsistant, we were given a room on the 6th floor (the hotel has 21 floors). Then we were told that since this really a business hotel that the club room would not serve breakfast on Saturday or Sunday. Why the resort fee ? if this is a business hotel. The room itself was tired and old, the bathroom was the size of a postage stamp, and simply put,old outdated and something from the 60's. The website also mentions something about jetted tubs in the bathroom, but I am sure only the presidential suite has that. They also told us that the rooms will be going under renavation this summer, thanks, we just paid top prices for an old broken down room. On the positive side the service was great, housekeeping was in your room and out before you would even get back by lunchtime. The only resturant we ate in at the hotel was Tuscany, a little pricey,but the food and service was good. There were a number of places to eat within 2 blocks of the hotel. The beach at the hotel was fine, probably not he best in Puerto Rico, but is was fine for sitting around and enjoying the sun. The pools at the hotel were very nice,and children seemed to enjoy the waterslide etc. I would not stay at this hotel unless you get a great rate, or you really don't mind an old tired room.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bones57
<Content>very nice hotel My wife and I just returned from a 6 day stay at the Marriott. The service was very good. The hotel will be undergoing renovations starting in June. These are needed, however, it is just age showing. The beach was beautiful and so was the view from our room. The restaurants in the area (called Condado) were from very good to excellent. They are:1. Arencello = on Ashford Ave. 1 block from hotel. A new reatuarant, with nouvelle italian cuisine. It was fantastic. It is owned by a young group and are extremely attentive. The chefs came out and explained the meals.2. Jose Jose - traditional restaurant- Right off ashford. Excellent food and service. Very Expensive. Food is excellent. Upscale. Need to dress neatly.3. Yerba Buena - On ashford ave. - traditional Cuban. Outside and inside service. Food was very good. 4. Ajili Mojili - Tradtional Puerto Rican. - The Mojitos ( local dish with plainatins stuffed with seafood, meat or chicken are excellent.) About 1/2 mile from hotel on Ashford.5. Breakfast at Danny's International - 1/2 price of the hotel. Right down the street. Old San Juan was awesome - Great prices on jewelry and local items. Many nice stores there.Overall a good experience. I would definitely return.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Boders
<Content>Nice hotel, rooms old and run down We stayed here one night before departing for our cruise. Overall, I found the hotel to be nice, but our room was very old and run down (nice bed though). The rooms (and hallways) are in desperate need of refurbishing. It all seemed a bit worn. With that said, our view of the ocean was spectacular. Loved sleeping with the doorwall open listening to the waves crashing in all night. Enjoyed the breakfast buffet. Can't speak to the price as it was part of our package. Didn't eat at any of the restaurants (although we know people who did and said they were over-priced and not very good). Instead, head to Old San Juan -- there are great restaurants there! We had dinner at Baru, absolutely amazing!I would stay here again, but not more than one night. If they refurbish the rooms, this hotel would be MUCH nicer overall.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriott We just returned yesterday from the Marriott. I went with my husband and two young children ages 2 and 4. We had a blast. Our rate was $335 per night from the Marriott website (this included breakfast at La Vista restraunt - a great buffet) First off the service was top notch. I have stayed at top notch hotels much more expensive than this and the service here was much better. They lost one of our bags at the airport and it was waiting in our room when we arrived back from dinner that night. Due to the wine we walked right past it and fell asleep only to notice it the next morning with a message of its arrival (also unnoticed the previous night) on the phone. My son fell and scraped his knee so I called for a band aid. They sent a guy to our room with a big old medical bag to assess the situation and treat the injury with an antibiotic spray and band aid. Our requests for extra towels were met promptly. Out by the pool the staff would remind us of the kids activities that were about to start in case we lost track of time. On the beach we were looking around at the sea of chairs late one morning and a staff came up and asked if we needed help setting up our chairs (they are heavy and it was hot and kids, etc.) So he basically did the whole set up for us including digging a big hole with a shovel for the huge umbrella we also needed. He did not hesitate to run back and get us two more beach towels and run our drink order in to the beach bar. Someone else promtly brought the drinks over to us. All the waitstaff seemed to be experienced in anticipating needs. At the brreakfast even though it was a buffet, our waiter would offer to get a waffle or omlet or whatever for us if there was a bit of a line. Coffee and juice were served almost mmediately when you sat down. Great buffet by the way. They had all the healthy stuff (huge cut up fruit bar, hot cereal, homemade yogurt bagels w/ lox and the trimmings, cold cereal) and all the less healthy stuff (omlet bar, waffels, pancakes, french toast, bacon, potatos, etc.) with a huge bread/muffin spread to boot. The concierge made great recommendations for restraunts (try the Parrot Club and Ropa Vieja for dinner) and made the reservations. Tuscany restraunt was ok but not fabulous. My dish was salty. The Lobby and all common areas were well appointed with marble and brass and spotlessly maintained. The rooms however were your standard Marriott rooms and showed a little wear around the edges. The bathroom was clean but you could tell it was definately not new, which can be a bit unsettling for some discriminating travellers like myself. However the bed was great and bed linens looked new. Overall, the staff seemed happy that we were there and eager to help, but not in a just-trying-to-get-a-tip way. Also, even though the forcast was for partly cloudy with a chance of rain the weather was a perfect 85 and sunny all 5 days we were there! My kids loved the pool and the slide and spent the whole day there. The pool was well maintained but a little on the cold side for me. I also liked the live music poolside on the weekend. WE never went inside the casino so cant comment on that.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dottie dog
<Content>It's ok, try to get a refurbished room               
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, but had a couple issues... Just got back from the Marriott in San Juan and really enjoyed my stay there. We booked the room through Priceline and got a really good deal so I was kind of frightened that something might be wrong with the hotel or room, but I was pleasantly surprised.The staff at the hotel were friendly and helpful for the most part. The doormen would always greet me upon returning to the hotel and ask me how I was doing, if I needed anything, etc.We got a room on the 8th floor with an ocean view and balcony. Gorgeous! The maids promptly cleaned our room at 8am every morning (which worked out well since we were usually out on the beach or an excursion by then!) No weird smells or mysterious stains. We always had plenty of fresh towels, wash cloths, etc.The pool was very pretty and never crowded. Perfect for cooling off in after laying out in the sun. The beach was very nice too, but the waves were a little rough there so anyone with young children or who isn't a strong swimmer should be careful.A few complaints about the hotel must be listed. The restaurants in the hotel are INSANELY expensive! Be warned! Almost all of Puerto Rico is overpriced, but the Marriott took that to new levels. At one restaurant in the hotel, La Vista, it was $20 for breakfast - each! $13 for pancakes, $4 for orange juice, and $3 for a cup of coffee. There are lots of other good places to eat in Condado. For breakfast I would recommend Danny's International which is right down the street from the hotel. I got the same breakfast for $6. Look around and bargain shop when it comes to restaurants. The hotel is convenient, but remember you are going to pay dearly for that convenience!In addition to overpriced restaurants, the hotel charged a Resort Fee which they didn't warn us about up front. It ended up being about $10 a day which added up by the end of a week long stay. Supposedly this fee is not optional and covers beach towels and chairs, access to the casino, and a myriad of other complimentary conveniences. Despite being very upset and complaining, the hotel would not budge and reduce my resort fee although I never used a beach towel or a number of the other services it supposedly covered. The Marriott is not a cheap hotel to begin with and I thought this was a somewhat underhanded tactic to get extra money out of its guests. Be warned and make sure to budget for this expense.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I had a great time at the San Juan Marriot. Don't be fooled by some of the other reviews, the overall condition of the hotel is excellent. The exterior might be considered 'weathered' but compared to other hotels in the area it is in the best condition. The interior of the hotel is very nice and elegant. Ignore the comments by others, the staff is very helpful. The bell hops are willing to help with directions and food recommendations. They will also arrange taxi service when requested. We asked for a rollaway at check-in and were told we would get it right away. We got a phone call to the room about an hour later asking if it arrived, which it hadn't. We then left for the beach and on our return it was in the room. The housekeepers are also very accomodating. We had the privacy sign on our door for most of the day. Around 2-3PM we received a call asking if we wanted service for that day. We requested more towels which were at our door within 5 minutes of the call. Walking through the hotel, employees would greet us 99% of the time. The condition of the room was excellent, very clean with minimal to no odor (compared to other hotels I've stayed at). As far as noise is concerned, the only sounds we ever heard from other rooms was when the housekeepers were vaccuuming and hit the wall. For me, the only 'negative' was the fridge wasn't that cold and there was no external sink. Neither were deal breakers although a second sink outside of the bathroom does come in the clutch when available. The Casino area is a little small compared to AC and Vegas but it suites the property quite well. There is plenty of room to walk around and not bump into people. There's a fair amount of table games available. The most crowded is the $5 Blackjack tables. Other than that, you won't have much of a problem sitting down a game. Waitresses are readily available at night and are more than willing get you whatever you want.Overall we enjoyed our stay and would return without hesitation.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible ! Bad customer service, i was told that my rate will be $480.00 for 2 nights, when i did check out, they charge me 480 per night.very dusty room, my son get sick for 2 weeks.food no good, staff not friendly at allnot worth a penny,  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>VineyardConnecticut
<Content>Had a geat time We just returned from a five day 30th anniversary celebration - our room made the trip worthwhile - we had room 809 - which had huge balconies overlooking the ocean and the pool - everyone at the Marriott was wonderful (except the outdoors bartenders who were smug) - we had a great formal dinner at Tuscany and a sandwich and cesar salad at the villa restaurant - the salad was great and more than enough - Please refuse the resort fee taxed on to your hotel bill - it is 10% and you will not need it - go to Cafe Angel on the main road down the street from hotel - they have great PR fare at great prices - Louis just retire there and he is a great host - have the fried cheesecake for two - it is fabulous! My husband and I rented a car (in the hotel lobby) for $40 - reserve the day before and get to the desk early the next day - we drove to Rincon - two hours away but worth the trip - it was easy to follow the directions but remember the turns for the trip back - had a great time visiting beautiful surfing beaches and saw humpback whales at the lighthouse - ate a pub meal at calypso bar and talked to many Long Island surfers - many were FDNY! It was a fun time - the best meal however (for me) was the eggplant and spinach wrap at the hotel's coffee bar - take it to the pool for a great lunch -  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>trvlmnky
<Content>Great for a long weekend (note resort fee) This hotel was great for a long weekend. I thought the service was terrific - they did everything you wanted them to do (placed beach chairs, gave recommendations, made reservations, brought room service, check in/out) and did it efficiently! The food in the hotel was actually quite delicious - as were the drinks. Very nice beach with beach and poolside drink/food service. My only complaint is a hidden (in their check-in materials, apparently) resort fee. Not appropriate when you are already paying that price for a not-top hotel - and why else are you there except for the resort? You should be aware of that and figure it into your budget OR try and negotiate with them when you book the room.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>save your money My husband and I went to Puerto Rico to play golf for eight days. We stayed at the Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino and used our Marriott Rewards Points. Months before I made the reservation, I checked out the hotel on the internet and it looked very nice for a Five Star. We were very dissappointed with the hotel and the staff. The hotel should be a Three Star not a Five Star. The hotel is old and needs a lot of work. The rooms and hallways had a musty odor and the rooms are not soundproof. We stayed at many Marriotts and this was the worst. The staff were not overly friendly, nor did they go out of their way to help you. The lobby is very, very noisy because they have a band playing at night. It is very hard to carry on a conversation because of the band. I pity the staff behind the front desk with that loud noise. It must be bad for your hearing. The hotel is located in a nice section of town called Condado. If you are going to Puerto Rico to play golf do not work with the staff because they know nothing about the sport. --the courses.  My husband and I will not go back to Puerto Rico because the people were not that friendly. There are too many other places to visit again where people bend over backwards to make your stay enjoyable. For instances, Marbella, Spain, Punta Cana, D.Republic, Cancun and Puerto Vallarta.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TresSirenas
<Content>Cattle Herders My husband and I just returned from a quick trip to San Juan for the Rolling Stones Concert... which was fantastic, however our hotel choice was the pits, outragous in price $330 base rate, after a movie, a quick phone call, and 2 glasses of wine and taxes $466!!! One night, The Ritz it was not, Check in, hands full, no one to open the door, the lobby, where the bar tables practically meet you at the door were covered with reserved signs, there was a private party later there that night, in the very small Lobby!, not at all elegent like The Ritz, Caribe Hilton, or El COnvento where we often stay. Long lines at the check in, luggage everywhere, apparantly the cruise passangers are fond of this place, at check in our guaranteed king size bed was not available, 2 doubles, not at that price, eventually they did change our room, large bed, very small balcony, view of the very crowded pool, no chairs available and the packed beach, chairs side by side. Upon returning to the hotel after the concert (asked if the hotel could recommend transportation, they could not) we found the lobby full, all those who had attended the private party, and tons of locals dancing to salsa, standing room only, no seats for the guests, upon grabbing a table after a couple left, 20 minutes went by, we asked waiters to stop, got the just a minute they never returned, my husband went to the bar and asked for a drink in Spanish, he was told to sit and wait for the waiter, exasberated, I went to the bar and in English requested 2 glasses of wine and was served, 30 minutes after starting out, I timed it, we then went in the Casino where they had a noodle bar, ordered appetizer's, and when we tried to order dinner were told it would be at least an hour! Apparently the Noodle bar was servicing another dining area turning out frozen chicken fingers and french fries, exhausted and starved we returned to our rooms, skipped breakfast the next moring, breakfast was not included, room service prices started at $15 per person, based on our prior nights experience we decided not worth it, we checked out and headed to our favoirite Spanish bakery in Ocean Park. Typically you would expect a Marriot to offer above average service, clearly this was not the case, this sold out hotel herded their guests like cows while accommodating a local clientel as well, compounding the overcrowded facility and overwhelmed staff, look elsewhere like Caribe Hilton, Interconttinental, RItz, Condado is a fun area, the new hotels they are building look beautiful, the MArriot should look into beefing up or I expect will be loosing many customers.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>cnrfalanga
<Content>Great location My husband and I just got back from a 5 day stay at the San Juan Marriott. This hotel had a great location. It was located right on the beach, which was absolutely beautiful. The water can be a bit rough there, but most people swam in it anyway (us included). The front of the hotel faces a great strip filled with resturaunts (everything from burger king to local puerto rican food spots to lovely sea food resturaunts), gift shops, a bank, and a Walgreens pharmacy - that really came in handy for buying items we forgot as well as water and snacks for the room. I was a little suprised at the size of the room, which was a bit small, but it didnt really matter, because you are only really in the room to sleep, and the bed was very comfortable! Definately use the hotel concierge, who were so nice and helpful!! We weren't really planning on going on any of the day trips but then endeded up going on 2- an all day snorkeling trip which was beautiful and a really great value, and the 3 hour city tour of old san juan. There is really just too much stuff to mention, but I would definately recommend this hotel!! Have Fun!!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ccrosner
<Content>Great Hotel for Our Quick Stopover Our family of four spent last Saturday night at the Marriott Stellaris and were not disappointed. We used Marriott points to stay for free and were given an oceanview (from the side) room instead of the city view we were supposed to get. The hotel was seven minutes and $17.50 from the airport and we were able to check in at 1 p.m. on a very busy day for them (cruise ship turnover day during Northeast schools' vacation week). Check in took only five minutes.The room was just like most Marriotts. Could use newer carpet but the rest was fine. Bathroom was updated but only had one sink (but a big vanity). Nice balcony with a view.The resort bustles with activity which we enjoyed for one night (it's not the type of place we would want to spend our vacation but that's just our preference). Pool area was crowded but fun--loved having live music with a Latin flair, poolside lunch service was quick, expensive and server was very friendly. Tough finding chaise lounges but that was to be expected. Kids enjoyed the pool slide and swimming in the ocean--great waves!Wish we'd had another night to enjoy the hotel and Old San Juan. Was surprised how much I enjoyed all of it after a lazy week on St. Croix. Would definitely go back to the Marriott and San Juan.One note: be sure to give yourself PLENTY of time to check into the airport--all lines are long!--thank goodness we get to speed through them due to husband's gold status on American. Should have arrived at least 1 1/2 hours early.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MichiganSue
<Content>great hotel We stayed in the Marriott one evening as we arrived on day before our cruise departure. Our room class was pool/ocean and we have a full ocean view visible beyond the pool. Room was spacious and clean and we enjoyed the ocean view from our balcony. So often we have been disappointed in room views but in this case we were very happy with our view. Common areas of the hotel were nicely appointed and the pool area was nice and well maintained. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sis0876
<Content>wonderful place to stay We stayed here 2 nights before going on a cruise. no problems at all. very comfortable room with nice bedding. pool and beach area very nice. staff friendly and helpful. We ate at the vista restaurant and they have a wonderful buffet. seafood buffet on friday which I recommend. The coffee bar in lobby has good muffins and decently priced sandwiches. also there is a starbucks across the street and other restaurants within walking distance. we felt safe walking in this area and would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WendyW
<Content>Loved Puerto Rico and Marriott Resort I am taking the time to write this review because Tripadvisor has helped me out so much as far as finding good hotels. I think people are easily compelled to write a bad review, but seldom take the time to write a good review. We were pleasantly surprised with Puerto Rico and the Marriott Resort and Stellais Casino. The rooms are 5-star but they are a good solid 4 star. Our first room was on the second floor which I found a little noisy and musty smelling, but they happily changed us to a 9th floor room which was clean, comfortable, and well-suited. We had a beautiful ocean and pool view. The service was wonderful. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful from the restaurant, front desk, housekeeping, and bellmen. Old San Juan is about 4 miles away. A bus cost 75 cents and a taxi costs $14. Problem is, the bus drives by the hotel about every hour or so. It can be a long wait. Be sure to have exact change or they won't they you on. We had cloudy and rainy weather the 4 days we were there, but we still had a great time. Old San Juan was very quaint. We loved it more than New Orleans (before the hurricane of course). The architecture, bar, shops, people, etc. were great. We had complete strangers ask us if we needed help finding our way around. We felt safe and not threatened at all--even walking around at night in Old San Juan. As you're walking our of the Marriott, make a left down the street. There are plenty of restaurants and shops with better prices and food than the Marriott. We went on the bio-luminescent tour that was coordinated by the Marriott tour guide. It was a lot of fun. Be sure to bring water shoes and wear a bathing suit--you will get wet in your kajak. It's about a 30 minute non-stop paddle out and back so be worned if you're not in shape. We left about 7:00 p.m. and got back to the hotel (via bus) at around 12:45.There is something going on in the bar and nightclub at the hotel every night. We loved dancing to the live band. Even some folks who were staying at the Ritz Carlton (they were on our bio-luminescent bus) couldn't believe how happening our hotel was. The casino is small compared to a Las Vegas casino. We had fun playing 3-card poker. They had slots, blackjack, routlette, craps, etc. There were people of all ages at the Marriott. Mostly Americans and more kids than I thought for late January (Friday through Monday). I love the fact that it only took us a little over 3 hours non-stop (American Airlines) to travel from BWI airport. The hotel was only about 15 minutes from the airport too.The beach wasn't the greatest outside our hotel. It wasn't very big and it's a public beach so it's a little cluttered. They make a lot of effort to keep it clean, but it's still a bit littered. Also, the water wasn't calm when we were there because storms were coming in, but I'm not sure if it would have been much better otherwise. We had 15-20 mph winds while we were there and rainy conditions so it's difficult to tell.We rented a car on Sunday and traveled the island. That's what is nice about Puerto Rico, you're not trapped at your resort. You can travel freely without any problems. My husband is a police officer, so believe me when I say he felt comfortable traveling by car. Ponce wasn't worth stopping by, but we did go to Guanica (Dry Forest)which was pretty nice. We had lunch at the Copamarina Resort which was very quiet and secluded, but there is nothing going on around the resort. The weather was great on that part of the island (southwest) and the water was calm, but there was no place to go other than the resort. At least at the Marriott you could shop, visit Old San Juan, walk around, etc. We will definitely go back to Puerto Rico. Brush up on your Spanish (although everyone spoke at least a little bit of English). Enjoy the friendly people and wonderful atmosphere. We would definitely stay at the Marriott Resort again.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice get-away Before I left for my stay, I was always looking at this hotel's review. I have to say that most of them were accurate. I especially found the advise on the trip to the Bacardi Factory. Follow the previous advise. Do not pay for the hotel package trip to the factory, you can do it on your own, by taking the B21 bus to down town San Juan ( stop right outside the Marriot), get off at the last stop down and walk down the hill- turn right to Pier #2 and take the Ferry over for .50 cents. Oh! the bus is .75 cents. make sure and have exact change (No bills). When you get off the ferry, take a right towards a blue building, there will be taxi drivers there that will take you to the Bacardi factory for 3.00....much less than the hotel tour. Coming back, you have to pick up the B21 bus at the terminal to Condado.The hotel stay was great. Very busy and crowded on the weekends, with the locals, who love to dance, so this was entertaining. The staff was pleasant and the concierge was always helpful. Everything is as stated in previous posts. Starbucks across the street with free Wi-Fi. Walgreen鈥檚 right down the street for Misc. stuff like juices and water...Too expensive at the hotel. Be warned that if you will not be using the pool towels, and free water, you do not have to accept the 10% resort fee. The hotel tries to cater for business folks, so the fee is not mandatory, if you are not using all of their services. What else...the food was expensive so if you are on a budget, their are some reasonable American places, Burger King, Uno's etc. We slept most of the time, and got up late, so these were savers for us for dinner. Then we had a nice dinner at Ajili M贸jili, but it was way overprice and the food was noting to write home about. Old San Juan was very nice to visit and walk around and window shop,,,, the prices were not very attractive, since they cater for people visiting on the cruise ships. However, there were plenty of restaurants down town. The cab is $12.00 per trip. We visited the La Plaza American mall...very huge...$12.00 one way in a cab..you can take the same B21 bus, but it take an hour on the bus, as oppose to $12.00 in the cab ( depends on your fancy and time constraints).All in all good get-away for a four day weekend for our anniversary.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TravelNJ08
<Content>Had a Great Vacation I am Marriott platinum member too and I had exactly the opposite experience with this Marriott (as compared to the person who wrote the review before me). We stayed at this hotel from Jan 21-27th. Our check in took less than 5 minutes, room was average size and very clean. No issues with the water pressure or room service. Our room was cleaned everyday by 10am and the hotel staff was very friendly. House keeping usually came back in late evening for the turndown service. Lobby does get VERY crowded on the weekends and that is mainly because they have a live band and even getting out of the lobby can be a chore. You will see lots of people dancing and it was fun to watch. I don鈥檛 think that hotel really should be listed as CAT 6 but it was not bad at all.They have 2 swimming pools and the swim up bar is only opened on the weekends; they never have people available to open the slide on time and they close is before time. The beach was nice and clean and the hotel staff was always available to find chairs for us. Be ready to pay a lot of $$ for drinks and food both inside and outside the hotel. The hotel has a great location and there are tons of good places to eat. Two places that we highly recommend are Yerba Buena (Sp?), Miros (make a left at the Walgreens light and walk 2 blocks) . Walgreens was a life saver for water, snacks, beach stuff etc. There is a starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, Wendys, Subway just a little walking distance away. We did not rent a car because parking is a big problem and the hotel will charge you 14 bucks per day to park. There is a Hertz counter in the hotel itself and we rented a car for a day to visit the rainforest. If you are taking the rainforest tour, make sure that take you to the La Mina falls (most tours don鈥檛 coz it is a 30 min easy hike). The hike is well worth it coz it the most refreshing dip you will have. We took a snorkeling tour, the bus comes and picks you up right from the hotel and it was great way spend the day. We went to Old San Juan a couple of times and always took the bus for 75 cents. We did the Bacardi and the Fort tours ourselves and in my opinion taking the tour would not be worth it. For the Bacardi tour, take the bus to Old San Juan and walk over to the Ferry terminal, take the ferry for 50 cents and take a $3 cab ride from the other side to the distillery. Your room will have a copy of Que Pasa magazine and it is very helpful. It has a great detail about the walking Tour of Old San Juan and also had a rating for the restaurants in the hotel area. I recommend reading the walking tour if you plan to visit the forts yourself.Overall, people were very friendly and always pointed us in the right direction.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>roadwarrior1020
<Content>Be Warned I'm a platinum member with Marriott and I was APPALLED by the condition of this hotel and the poor service we encountered. Check in took over an hour, the room was tiny and in disrepair, the staff would actually roll their eyes when we made simple requests,  the service was incredibly slow: we waited over an hour and a half for room service, and one day our room wasn't serviced until almost 5pm. The bed was very uncomfortable and the room was not clean. The balcanies are nice. The pool and beach are very nice but be warned, the pool, hot tub and beach have limited hours 8am-7pm and the staff tends to open late and close early. The slide is only open from 11-4, and the swim up bar is only open on the weekends. The club level smelled like a mixture of mold, rotten food and bug spray, it was nauseating. The mojitos in the lobby were great but be warned the drinks are pricey in the lobby and out at the poolside and beachside bars...average about $9 a piece. A nice service the hotel did offer, trip planners our vacation planner was great. As for the casino when we stopped in the place was full of locals that obviously make their careers gambeling and don't like outsiders, it was very uncomfortable. We managed to salvage our vacation in spite of the hotel; San Juan is a great place to visit! I would love to go back and I can assure you if we do, we won't be heading back to the Stellaris.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Marriott       Pool  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Easy access to all This is our 4th year at the Marriott in San Juan. Starbucks is just across the street. The Tuscany Rest in the Marriott is excellent. Try going to Santurce if you want great Spanish dinner and ambiance. The cab drive is only 10-15 min away. La Casona Rest is so beautiful that you cannot imagine why it is not advertised more. Golf courses - rent a car and go to Chichi Rodriguez' golf course in Guayama. $40 during the week cannot be beat and it has 19 holes. Chichi is there and it's great talking to him and his beautiful wife, very gracious. Caguas Golf course is closer but still under construction. If it's raining in San Juan, go to Guayama for golfing. The Marriott staff are always accomodating and can give you lots of advice. Old San Juan has great shopping. We go there regularly. Resort fee just started and you need to let them know when booking that you don't want it if you are not going to take advantage of the chairs and bottle of water. Oasis Massages are great.Really enjoyed it there!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE BEST in San Juan I have stayed here counltess times over the past seven years and have never been disappointed. If you're looking for comfort but also local flavor, this is the place. Have stayed at the Ritz Carlton and it is wonderful, but with all the people from New Jersey and Long Island, I could have been in Florida or, well, anywhere. I like those people but I like loud, dancing, well dressed, fun Puerto Ricans also and you'll find them here dancing the night away in the lobby on weekends. It is a wonderul scene. Beautiful casino too. The beach is right there, not too far from the pool or your room and it is gorgeous. Again, it is not the Ritz Carlton, so don't rely on the concierge for much or expect pampering, but the staff is very friendly and nice. Rooms are comfortable, but, BEWARE, get one on a high floor or in the short building behind the pool to avoid hearing the music from the lobby. I've always requested a high floor and have had no trouble getting one. The food is very good for the buffet breakfast and lunch and also right there with the pool and beach. For dinner I like to go out..... it is San Juan and there are so many good restaurants. Go to the Marriott, have a great time.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hot Tropic
<Content>Great Hotel! Well were do I start. I checked weather channel before I got there and it showed showers all week that I was there, It was sunny and 87 degrees everyday!! the hotel is great, right in the middle of everything. the beach like I read from everyone was great very clean and the staff for the beach was great. Walgreens was my second home, they have everything you need. Starbucks is about 15 steps off the hotel property and was good to hang out on the rooftop. the rooms like everyone said was small but the air conditioner was great. You have to visit El Morro, and the Castle of San Monticristol. Together only costs 7 dollars. DONT EAT AT THE SIZZLER!!! Restaurants are all over the areas, Cherry Blossom next door was over priced for nothing. FYI they are going to charge you 50 bucks a night for accidental damage charge that will be refunded to you at check out, BUT it wont get credited back to you for about a week. You have to go to Isla Verda ESJ Hotel to do the water sports. They say Isla Verda is a beautiful area....ITS NOT. I always stay at the Ritz Carlton everywhere I go, but it was booked when I was there. I will stay at the marriott again if I go back.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mutchali
<Content>Nice hotel, watch your bill This is a nice hotel with a very good location. The staff was nice, and the bar near the beach has a happy hour. The beach was pretty good, but it is public -- and the hotel can only keep it so-so clean. The best part of the hotel is the location. There are several nice places to eat within walking distance (Yerba Buena, Ropa Vieja, Ajili Mojili to name a few). Meals at the hotel were strictly expense accout. There is a Starbucks and Walgreens nearby as well which proved handy.The downsides of this hotel for me were the cab ride to Old San Juan which was $10-15 bucks each way which I thought was a lot. There is a public bus which I saw frequently except when I tried to take it. Another thing that dissapointed me was that the hotel pool was only 4 ft deep - and we weren't traveling with kids. One other thing to be aware of is that the hotel charges a resort fee of $13 per day, which was a lot for us because we spent very little time at the resort. We purchased our trip through Orbitz, and had no idea of the fee until check out. Had we known, we may have stayed elsewhere. Kind of cheesy.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>richlin71
<Content>Very nice hotel       the pool  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Accomodating staff, beautiful beach, great room! After reading some of the mixed reviews here, I was quite apprehensive before our stay. However, the Marriott very pleasantly surprised me. We paid $175/night for a city-view room (obtained this rate through the Marriott website) but were happy to see that we were placed in a corner room on the 12th floor (1223) which actually had one balcony looking out over the city, but also a side balcony by which we could see the ocean. The bed was extremely comfortable, the shower drain worked properly as did the air conditioner. The beach was beautiful, and we spent most of our time there. We ate in the Italian restaurant at the hotel (Tuscany) -- delicious! Yes, its a little pricey -- but so is most of Puerto Rico. I lived in Rome for a month this past summer so I consider myself a good judge of italian cuisine -- this was excellent. We also dined at La Vista in the hotel for their Carribbean buffett night -- good but not great. We ordered room service one night after getting back from the biluminescent tour -- quite good (and for whoever complained below about 'extra charges' for room service -- I've never stayed in a hotel where they DIDNT charge extra. Its only $2.50, come on)! We ate down the road at Don Jose's Hacienda -- decent, but again not great. Apparently you really need to shell out the $$ in order to get excellent food in this town. We spent a half day in Old San Juan and lunched at Aquaviva -- DELICIOUS. The seared scallops with couscous which is presented in a huge portion like paella and is wonderful. Also go to Bombanera for breakfast -- Puerto Rican bakery packed full of locals, but you can take baked goods and delicious coffee to go. We got 4 pastries and 2 coffees for $6.The staff was extremely accomodating overall. They'd say hi in the elevator, ask how our visit was going, etc. Our maid never entered without knocking. Front desk was excellent, as was the concierge. Pool bar staff will walk out to the beach and take your snack/drink orders so that you never need to leave your beach chair. The casino was as expected. Not huge, not tiny -- this isn't Vegas, so I wasn't expecting the Bellagio. We played Blackjack and Craps and had lots of fun. Definitely take advantage of the free drinks while gaming as we paid $7.50 apiece for Coronas out in the hotel lobby. The lobby is a great people-watching zone once the music starts up -- the locals come in ready to dance and it's quite entertaining to watch.A note on the biluminescent tour -- I was disappointed. I'd recommend going only on a moon-less or almost moon-less night, as the moonlight kinda hindered our view of the glowing plankton. On safety -- I never felt unsafe. The fact that there were so many police cars driving up and down the Condado strip made me feel quite safe. There were single locals jogging at night along the same paths we walked on, which indicated to me that crime wasn't a worry in the area of the hotel.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value - we wouldn't hesitate to return to the Marriott After reading mixed reviews about the hotel, we were very pleasantly surprised. We paid about $190 for a pool/ocean view, which was well worth it. At the time we were booking, they wanted $175 for city view -- paying the extra $15 is a no-brainer. Our friends shelled out $275 for oceanfront, which was not worth the extra money over pool/ocean view. The pool and beach areas are lovely, and we found the hotel's beachfront bar, poolside restaurant, workout facilities, and casino to be nice. One thing to be aware of is the Saturday rush, as many hotel guests are arriving after a cruise or departing before a cruise. Although we arrived at 10:00, they could not get us a room until that afternoon at 4:00. If you are not a pre- or post-cruiser and have some flexibility, you'd be better off arriving on Friday or Sunday.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Past it's prime Stayed at hotel for 3 nights - was a great weekend in San Juan. The hotel needs a total update. The lobby is grand - but you basically walk into a bar area that gets packed with locals on the weekends. The room is very basic - needs better cleaning (glass had stains and shower could have been cleaner). The furniture was old and scratched. We ate twice at the hotel, once was by the pool were I had the worst chicken sandwich of my life. It was only the next day that I saw the birds walking all over the buffet. The breakfast buffet was good and service excellent, however we as we sat at a outside table we noticed the ground was littered with old sugar packets, matches and such. The beach in front of the hotel was great - the best part of the visit. The location was close to the sights, however we had difficulty finding good local restaurants that were within walking distance. We didn't really use the pool area as it was a small pool and not very deep (1 1/2 ft and about 4 ft). The deeper end and the hot tub were always full of kids and not very comfortable. Overall is was a good experience, but I would expect to pay Marriott Courtyard rates versus what we paid.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>blip
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, Great Staff, Right on the Beach I'll begin by saying that I was travelling on Gov't business, so not only was I not paying, but I also got a very good deal on the room. I paid a little extra out of pocket for a pool/ocean view, which I must say was definitely worth it. Instead of looking out over a congested and unremarkable street, we looked out at the ocean. Great sight to wake up to. If I was to pay full price (~$250), I think I would be satisfied, although there are certainly other smaller hotels that would be cheaper and nice (we passed the consulado and the convento hotels, and both looked great). There were a couple of small problems. Mainly, the balcony was having some renovations done, so we couldn't use it for a day or so. The staff gave us a food credit, and a bottle of wine, so we were happy. The staff here is extremely friendly and helpful. They know they are working in a classy resort, and they treat their guests like guests. Probably the best part of the hotel is the pool/beach area. Two nice pools (though kinda shallow), a hot tub, and a gorgeous beach with chairs and umbrellas. The ocean was a bit rough, but we swam every day. Coming from the northeast, it was no rougher than I'm used to, and much warmer. Overall, San Juan is OK. After a couple of days, you feel like you've seen most of what it has. I highly recommend getting out of the city. Go to some smaller towns or beaches, and check out the rainforest. Bring plenty of water and snacks, and hike up as far as you can. Truly memorable.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>San Juan is one amazing place This was my first trip to San Juan. Went Dec 17-20. Here's my two cents. San Juan isn't exotic; it's a U.S. territory after all. It's like Miami--i.e.Coach, Radio Shack, BK, Wendy's--but ten times better. Beautiful mountain views. Amazing sculptures and sites hidden downtown. The rain forests are cool, but you won't see exotic animals or flowers really. Yogi, the hotel guide though is awesome. Do NOT pay the hotel for the Bacardi tour. $35/pp. Instead pay 75 cents for the bus (went up 50 cents)to Downtown San Juan (last stop from the hotel). Walk to Pier #2 ( like a 2 min walk from the bus stop). Take the ferry for 50 cents. Once you're off the ferry, walk to the right and you will see a white building. There are van drivers there who will take you to the factory for $3/pp. With all the money you save, you can buy some Bacardi Rum. The tour is lame, but they have this $50 bottle of Bacardi you can only buy at the factory and no where else in the world. As far as food goes, avoid the Latin Star with your life (it's a few blocks past Walgreen's). Definitely eat at Buena ? I don't speak Spanish, but however you say Green Grass. That place is two blocks up when you walk out of the hotel to the left. AMAZING food! The hotel was nice. Very fancy lobby. Live salsa music at night. We checked in quickly and only had to wait 15 minutes upon check out. Our rooms was cleaned by 9am. Must have been because we were on the 17th floor. The staff was super friendly. Always opened car doors and the hotel door and offered suggestions. They even upgraded our room for free. We had an amazing room (#1717). It was a little small, but man the view was killer. We had TWO balconies--one facing downtown, with a huge construction crane working on a new hotel, blech!, and a view of the ocean. The view of the ocean was breathtaking. Our room also included an awesome FREE breakfast buffet at the Vista (reg price $17/pp.) If you book through the Marriot site directly, it seems most rooms come with this standard. Read the fine print to be sure. Ours just said free breakfast which we assumed was going to be some crappy bagels. Needless to say, we were pleasantly surprised. We ate belgium waffles, made to order omelets, pancakes, sausages, muffins, smoked salmon, mangoes, pineapple, etc. And we just tipped $5 every day. It was great. The casino was a little small, but still fun. Every day before dinner, we went in to play roulette for 10 minutes for dinner money and every night we won $75-175. It was awesome. So every dinner was free. I will say the wait staff at the casino s---, I had to wait forever for my Bacardi and Diet Coke every single time. My last thought, do not leave without eating the fried food downtown from the street vendors. It rocks and for $1.25 it can't be beat. The natives downtown are really friendly too and you can have plenty of friendly conversations.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OH43944
<Content>Beautiful Views We traveled from Dec.16-22, 2005. We were with a large group, and everyone enjoyed their stay. The temperature was 85 degrees and only one rainy day. Our room was clean, with the most comfy hotel bed we've ever slept in. We had a beautiful 11th floor view of the beach and hotel swimming pool. Unfortunately the balcony was closed off due to construction for most of our stay, but we enjoyed it open the last 2 days. The bathroom was nice,clean and plenty of water pressure and hot water. The maids cleaned our rooms at varying times during the day. Yes, they do open the room without knocking. YIKES! We spent time at Old San Juan, which I highly recommend. The bus is .75 cents, but you might wait 45 minutes to catch a ride. I believe it is the B21 to and from the hotel. It only takes about 12-15 minutes. One evening our group was serinaded by some locals with saxaphone and other local instruments...one lady even danced off the bus. It was a highlight. We took the ferry (.50 c) to the Bacardi Distillery tour. Then $3.00 per person cab fare to the actual distillery. The tour is OK, but most of the group enjoyed shopping at the gift shop and tasting the rum.We had dinner at the Sheraton Cafe one evening with live music and it was fun.Some of our group spent a day at the rain forest,Luquillo Beach and Fujardo. I highly recommend this. We hiked back to the falls and went swimming. The views are breathtaking. We spent several hours at Luiquillo Beach, which has calm waters and beautiful sand. The HIGHLIGHT of our trip was that evening. We went to Fujardo for the BioLuminescent Bay Tour. It was a beautiful evening and we had something to eat right there in a small local outdoors diner. Looked run down, but the food was cheap and good. We kayaked out onto the bay and then thru the channels that take you to a lagoon where we swam. It was awesome to see the sparkles and how your body would light up from these little creatures. The staff (from our tour) was very helpful and kind. It rates a 10 in my book!The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. When we arrived I couldn't open the refrig door, and the bell hop quickly had a new one brought up to the room. They have a safe in each room too. The breakfast buffet was the BEST I've ever seen. The waffles were delicious and the fruit was plentiful. The only rude person working for the hotel that I encountered was one of the morning chefs. There is a Wal-greens just down the street from the hotel, so you can stock up on snacks and water etc. There are Subways everywhere and a Wendy's and Pizza Hut not too far from the Wal-greens if you crave food from home. Security must be a problem in Puerto Rico, because police are everywhere. Some of the local shops near the hotel are locked and they buzz the door open for you to enter. I only drove one day with a rental car. It was an experience. They are not considerate drivers. They blare their horns and it is almost a free for all at their intersections...scary! I would not recommend driving to Old San Juan...there is no parking. The bus is easy and cheap. All in all I enjoyed my 6 days in Puerto Rico. Hope this review helps someone.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>K_Metz
<Content>Christmas week at the San Juan Marriott My wife and I just got back from a week vacation at the San Juan Marriott. Overall, the Marriott met our expectations, which were of a clean establishment with friendly service. We started out in a city view room on a high floor which had an extremely soft bed and non-functioning A/C. After one night in that room, we realized that it was not going to work for us through the whole trip, and they transferred us to a pool view room at no extra charge. It probably wouldn't have been possible later in the week because the resort got much more crowded, but it was good that they were able to accomodate us. The new room was a standard room, nothing extremely fancy, but sufficient. The A/C in this room worked and we still had a soft mattress which was improved by a bedboard. Startdard amenities in the room, although the reports of clogged showeer drains in other reports was true for us as well.We spent most of our time either on the beack or in the casino. The beach was relatively clean, and the only negative was that it got _extremely_ crowded towards the end of our stay and if you did not get out there before 10am, you would have trouble finding a chaise lounge. It seemed like a lot of people staked their claim early with towels on a chair and then went back to bed, which was a bit annoying. But, after a bit of searching, the staff always were able to find a chair for us. Incidentally, there is a hotel next door under construction, and if you came late, you got lunked down right in front of it, which made relaxing a bit more challenging.The casino is relatively small, with probably 10-20 tables for cards, and a couple of roulette and craps tables each and a bunch of slots. The dealers were generally fun and friendly, which made our hours at the blackjack tables (the $5 tables were usually pretty crowded but you could get in eventually) entertaining. The best thing about the resort was the staff. They were extremely friendly and eager to accomodate us at every turn. The rooms could stand some updating, but we were satisfied overall.Location wise, not too bad, safe area, and lots of restaurants nearby, although they tended to be a bit pricey. Starbucks across the street and Walgreens down the block. A few local markets in the area also. Old San Juan is a bus (or $12 taxi each way) ride away. We were only there for a day, but it was a nice strolling part of town and very rustic and vibrant.We were paying the Marriott Friends  family Rate so it was about half of the standard rate. I thin kthat if we were paying the full rate (which was pricey, about $395/night when we were there), it might have been a different story.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Foplaw
<Content>A sad commentary [A disclaimer - the following relates to a stay at this property between Christmas and New Year's - probably the worst time of year for stays at hotels.] Having said that, where to start? Perhaps the fact that the folks at thishotel are so used to making people wait to check in that they issue pagers.  Once in the rooms (I have seen 2)one finds that they are badly in need of renovation (which process has started on the 3rd floor only). The mattresses are VERY soft, the furntiure is old and outdated and the bathrooms are...dingy. Take a shower and the water is up to your knees because the drains are stopped (making one wonder whether (a) the maids clean the tubs or (b) if they do, they just don't care enought to tell maintenance that the tubs are stopped up. But then there is housekeeping - they made it to my room at 5:30 p.m. (after I called 3 times). Then there is maintenance - the decision was made to paint the elevators doors (between Christmas  New Years?) so the entire hotel smells of oil-based paint. The casino is a joke - there are 3 $5 black jack tables which always so crowded that if you wanted to play, you couldn't. Then there 8 empty tables for Hold 'em and Carribbean Poker (which no one plays, a routlette table and a craps table. And there you have the 'Grand Casino.' An amazingly poor level of service - at a place that with a little thought and some renovation could be (and used to be) a great property.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>DNFNyc
<Content>Very nice hotel Just got back from 3 nights in an Ocean view room. The room was a little small but very clean and the bed was clean and comfortable. The view from the balcony was amazing...worth every extra penny to stay in an ocean view room. The staff at the hotel, without exception, were friendly, polite and helpful and great music in the lobby at night. Also, the Marriot has the best stretch of beach in Condado. If you stay in Condado, you should stay here. I can't comment on the food at the hotel (who would eat there???) but if you stay here you must have dinner at Zabo down the street. This was one of the best restaurants I've ever been to. The food, atmosphere and service were all wonderful. Stay away from the much-hyped Ajhili Mojili - horrible service, overpriced and underwhelming food. Like Dennys, but with Puerto Rican food for $30 a plate.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For the undiscerning tourist My first words upon entering the room were, Ghet-to, and my wife's were, I stayed at better Motel 8s. My parents had mold growing in the AC vent in their room!!! Also, the AC did NOT work even though we had fan action and a gismo that purportedly gave us control over the tempature; poor shower drainage, and unbelievably poor room coffee. But the sheets/pillows were quality in a clean room.The food comes a distant second to that of the British, and it is horribly overpriced (btw,look for extra fees when ordering room service). Nonetheless, the papaya, cantalope, and oatmeal were superburb (included in the brunch special). Thankfully, there's a Starbucks across the street, and the Puerto Rican coffee in the casino is top notch (and free!). All staff were exceptionally nice and professional with warm smiles.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>principalman
<Content>Had A Great Time       The resort from the beach  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small rooms, noisy, resort fee $$$$ Stayed there from 11/24 till 11/30. Our room was a corner room on the 18th floor, overlooking the Atlanic. On weekday morning, it's very noisy, due to the construction going on. And, maids kept opening our door without knocking first. They never replenished enough shower gel, and we had to ask for them over and over.The worst part was they charge almost $10 per night for resort fee. This fee was never written anywhere before our arrival. We feel this is a rip off as it is non optional, whether you use their beach chair, umbrella, pool, water, etc. So, be aware!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great beds, fun atmosphere. We stayed here for a couple nights to extend our honeymoon just a little longer than our 7-day Sea Dream Yacht Club cruise.The place was just packed, and everyone was having a good time, both during the day at the pool, and at night in the lobby, where latin music was cranked up to 11. The rooms were great, view was nice (yes, there's construction next door, but I've always enjoyed watching a construction site since I was a kid).Staff was very nice and they seemed genuinely appreciative that we chose San Juan for a portion of our honeymoon. Our poolside drink waiter said, Happy hour special is two-for-one beers, from 4-7pm, but with me, you get the special all day! Whether or not everyone gets the special all day, he made us feel special.The area is great for walking - we ate very well. Start walking toward Old Town and hail the bus - we got it to stop for us between stops, but YMMV. You can pay $8 for a taxi, or $0.25 apiece for the bus. Your choice.Favorite nearby restaurants: If there's just one thing you do while you're in Puerto Rico, get breakfast at La Bombonera in Old Town San Juan. It's a bakery with a diner-style seating area and counter. It's so yummy, inexpensive, and genuine, it makes me want to come back just for that. Get the weekend buffet at Ajili Mojili, or an elegant dinner for two there. There was a mexican/puerto rican restaurant next door to Ropa Vieja Restauarant that we absolutely loved. We sat and watched the surf on the rocks as we ate.The Marriott looks like it would be great for families, and although there were lots of kids around the pool area, we as a newlywed couple didn't seem to mind so much. There was lots for kids to do, but the place wasn't decorated like a Disney ride, either.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED the Marriot in San Juan My husband, mother and daughter stayed in two rooms on the 9th floor for 10 days. We had a FABULOUS experience. The staff was wonderful - the service was excellent and the overall hotel was great. The rooms are basic, but neat, clean and well equipped. The hotel has all the amenities one would expect at a resort. The hotel is in a great location and is in walking distance of restaurants, Walgreens, Starbucks, etc. I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sabrefencer
<Content>Great time at the Marriott My friend and I stayed at the Marriott November 10-14th 2005. We had a great time in San Juan. The hotel is very clean and the staff are so kind and helpful.We arrived Thursday night and took a cab from the hotel (flat rate of $12 plus tip) and it only took 10 min to get there. We got a room with an ocean view, which was great. The bad thing is that they are renovating most rooms so there are workers outside your room. We only saw the workers once during our stay. They have a good casino but I thought it was kinda small. They have a live band on the weekends and they play great salsa music! The restaurants are good too!! La Vista has great food (an awesome dessert bar for $8) and Tuscany has good seafood. La Vista has a breakfast buffet which was pricey ($17.95) but they had a good selection of food. There are bunches of restaurants right by the restaurant so most of the time we ate outside the hotel. If you turn right or left on Ashford (the hotel street), there are good places to eat and reasonable prices. The beach is a couple steps from the pool area and it was great. There are 2 pools- one for kids and another regular one with a slide. The pool area is kept clean. We went on one tour- $77 for the catamaran/snorkeling excursion. That was amazing!!! It is for one full day but definitely worth the price. Transportation and a great lunch with drinks are provided. You can book tours with the tour desk by the gift shop inside the hotel.Overall our experience was great and the weather was perfect. Take the bus to Old San Juan (25 cents, catch the B21 bus about 1 block from the hotel on Ashford) and walk around- good shopping and great places to eat. The staff at the Marriott are very accommodating and friendly- they made our stay very enjoyable. I don鈥檛 know if it鈥檚 really a 4-star hotel but it has a good vibe to it. There are tons of families that go to this resort鈥?and you should know that there is an 11% tax added on each night you stay. You don鈥檛 see that in the hotel rate, so just be aware of that鈥?br/>  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and friendly, helpful staff!! Stayed at the San Juan Marriott Nov 2 - 5. It was our first time in San Juan and we LOVED it!! It is an easy tropical location to get to with wonderful restaurants and shops. The hotel is located in Condado which is convenient to many great restaurants and bars. I would highly recommend that you go enjoy the local places as the people are so friendly. In particular we loved Cafe Barlovento, an ocean front bar/cafe 1/3 mile walk (go right when you leave the hotel). Great location and friendly owner, he came over and thanked us personally for coming by. Another recommendation, if you like Mexican food, is Tijuana's, which is 1/5 mile away. Best salsa we had ever had.As for the resort, it was nice. Very helpful and friendly staff; however, the food and beverages were overpriced and the construction was a little annoying. We did complain about the construction, which was loud one morning, and the hotel staff gave us free a breakfast for the inconvenience.Last recommendation, listen to the Cocquies at night. They are a type of frogs that only 'sing' in Puerto Rico.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cnfsmom
<Content>Had a great time, but.... Just returned with my three kids and we had a great time. The hotel is in a great location. It is a short distance from the airport, and within walking distance of restaurants with local flair as well as Pizza Hut, Fudruckers, Wendy's, Burger King, Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, etc. Having a Walgreens across the street is also key for snacks and drinks. The pool area is really pretty and the kids loved it. There were plenty of lounge chairs, however, a limited number had access to direct sunlight for long periods of time. The beach is great too. The sand is free of rocks and shells and the water had very little seaweed. There were also plenty of beach chairs available. The outdoor beach side bar had a great view of the ocean. The drinks and food were a little expensive ($8.50 for a Margarita/$11 for a chicken ceasar salad)but so convenient. The food and drinks were pretty expensive everywhere in the hotel. Keep in mind that during the off season, the swim-up bar is only open on weekends - we wished it was open everyday! Now for the downside, the Marriott is undergoing an extensive renovation that will last for another year (per a hotel employee). Right now they are re-doing the outside so you see and hear the constuction as you sit by the pool or by the beach. They plan to renovate the rooms within the next year too. This is a step in the right direction, because the room was a basic hotel room, with basic amenities. The best part of the room was the water pressure in the shower and the powerful hairdryer - both rareties. They also plan to expand the casino. There is also a lot of construction in the area surrounding the hotel which was not always pleasant to look at. I would definitely consider going back - especially after the construction is completed. We all had a really nice relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ruben900
<Content>Nice, reliable hotel Stayed here 2 nights in early November 2005. It was our 4th stay here. We keep returning because it's consistently a very nice place to stay. Great location in the Condado, safe, convenient, close to good restaurants. I've not seen any true 5-star hotels in San Juan proper, but this is close to the best they have. They are still renovating/cleaning the exterior, but I was assured the interior renovation is completed. The casino is very nice and the lobby is quite a hot-spot for the locals, especially on the weekends. The pool and beach are great and well-maintained. The hotel's prices are quite high for food/sundries/minibar, but there's a Starbucks and Walgreen's drug store nearby.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>pch71
<Content>Nice hotel! Stayed with my husband at Marriot Stellaris on the first weekend of october and we have had a good time. We booked thru Priceline and i got a very good price and like other reviewer stated before, they treated us very well and they gave us a room on the 9th floor with pool and ocean view. The room was ok, nothing spectacular but clean and nice,and the view was beautiful. The only problem that i had with the room is that we asked for non smoking room and we were given a smoking one. Nice lady from housekeeping sprayed the room and gave us some sort of machine air freshener that seemed to aleviate the problem a little, but not completely. We did not spend a great deal of time on the room and i could have asked for another room, I did not want to go thru the hassle of moving again and walking all over the place. However, next time i will ask for another room because my husband was not happy about the smell. Besides that, we had a great time and it was nice to have internet access.Pool was nice, lobby area is nice but food and drinks at the lobby way overpriced. I can not comment on th restaurants or pool bar since i did not use them.Check in and out was quick and the staff was polite and nice. And last but not least,great sense of security. I will go back again..Happy travels to all of you and remember to keep a good attitude and dont let the little things to ruin your vacation. Enjoy!!!  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mjburgos
<Content>Overall Exellent Experience My and a buddy stayed at this hotel from 9/26 - 10/17. Overall, it was an excellent experience. I am a native of the island, but haven't been back in many years, and this was the 1st time that instead of staying with family, I stayed at a hotel, and enjoyed the island with minimal family visits. I am fluent in Spanish; my friend does not speak Spanish at all.We booked an Ocean Front room, and at first were disappointed that, unlike many other tripadvisor.com guest, our resort fee wasn't waived. Our room was pleasant, and we have an excellent chamber maid named Marcia, who not only was very good, but gave us a beautiful flower arrangement a few days before we checked out.The beds were nice. Mine was a little on the soft side, but I got used to it and enjoyed it. High speed internet access fluctuates throughout the day (probably based on usage of others), but it was a minor inconvenience.Our room included breakfast, and by the end of the 1st week we knew all the restaurant staff by name. They were great, and made breakfast a lot of fun for us. We dined at Tuscany once, and it wasn't bad at all, however for $140 I expected a little better, but that might be the New Yorker in me talking. The room service menu was unusually boring, but luckily we only did that once, because of a lack of energy to go out one night.We rented a car for this trip because of meetings we had in Ponce and other points far away. Parking at the hotel was easy, and on weekends we found ourselves on the higher floors but that was no big deal. The cabbies congregate on the B level and have some benches set up; stop and listen in one day as they pontificate on all matters of life and death. Negotiate your cab fare before leaving the hotel, or any other point on the island. All the cabs have meters, and not a single time did we see one turned on.The concierge staff was knowledgeable and friendly, except one, and I wish I could remember her name. She was more focused on finishing her conversation with a coworker than helping me. But I turned to another staffer there and got what I needed, and made a complaint, which seemed to be addressed immediately.Getting to Old San Juan from this hotel is super easy--walk down the block to the right, take the B21 bus for 25 cents, and you are there in a few minutes....that is, after waiting forever for the bus to come. A cab will cost $10-$12, so the wait and price are worth it. If you are a coffee lover, have a great cup of cafe con leche at la Bombonera on Calle San Francisco (have it with a piece of flan while you're at it). I have been going there since a child. I also highly recommend the Parrott Club in Old San Juan for dinner (on La Fortuleza, near several other chic dinner spots).The spa and exercise room staff were really great. Very friendly and very open to sharing places to go and see. Daniery was my masseuse and also did a pedicure for me. She is very nice. Practice some Spanish first before you see her. My feet never looked so good.My room came with a balcony which was closed due to renovation. I got 5,000 Marriott points for each night there because of this, which was worth it. A quick trip on the elevator downstairs gave me all the fresh air I needed.Nightlight at the hotel was fun. For example, Wed - Sun had live bands, and they were all excellent. I didn't stay to dance there, but would have 1 or 2 drinks and the energy and music put me in the right mood to go out and look for trouble and the local clubs. Weekends really fill up there at night, especially in the casino. Doormen were polite and quick to get us taxis (for nights we planned on drinking).If you are traveling with kids, there are plenty of kid-friendly restaurants. Sizzler is a long walk or short cab ride away. Chilli's isnt a long walk at all. Pizza Hut seemed a little greasy, but was only a block from the hotel, as was Wendy's. Venture a little further down Ave Ashford and you will find Fudruckers and Pizza Uno....I avoided most of these, as I can eat all that garbage here in NYC. I wanted good, local food. Walk over to Ajili Mojili for a great dinner, very puerto rican. My advice--just walk up and down Ave Ashford your first day there, get to know the area, and grab a paper copy of all the locally owned restaurant menus.In summary, I highly recommend this hotel. The staff were very friendly, very helpful, and quick to our service. My buddy had no trouble speaking only English to the staff. We both have to return on business in January to the Condado area--we are definitely staying here again!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PuertoRicoNightlife
<Content>One of the best hotels in Puerto Rico This hotel is by far one of the best in Puerto Rico. I live in PR and this is the only one i stay at, always clean, people are nice, good location and good restruants at the hotel. The casino is one of the better ones, they do like giving comps, and the staff loves getting people at the tables drunk... just make sure u tip them that way they will not forget about you. I have stayed there count less number of times and have never had a problem. You will see that there is a starbucks accross the street... dont go there u can get better stuff at the lobby and cheaper too... if u like sushi there is a good sushi bar right next door at the cherry blossum....  
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>splatkat
<Content>The Best Staff Ever! I was a bit cautious of staying at this resort because I'm not a huge fan of Marriott and my taste in hotels tend more toward the luxury and higher end places I'm used to staying at for work (Ritz-Carltons, Four Seasons, the nicer Westins). But I have nothing but rave reviews for this place after my stay. If for no other reason, I recommend this hotel for the GREAT beds and the friendliest hotel staff on earth.We used Priceline to get our rooms and got a really great rate, but unlike other hotels where I've use Priceline, the hotel staff treated us as if we were any other full paying guests. They gave us a rollaway bed for free and put us on the 19th floor with an ocean front view.The room had standard Marriott decor and was fairly large, though we did have a bit of a squeeze with the rollaway. The beds were super comfortable... as good or better than the Westin Heavenly Bed. The bathroom was a decent size, but might be a problem if you had 4 adults in one room.The balcony was nice, with a great view of the city and the ocean.But the best thing about this place was the staff. Never have I encountered a hotel where everyone was pleasant, friendly, and eager to help guests with any concern or request. From the moment we checked in until we left, we felt welcomed and that the staff was happy we were there. I can't rave enough about how fantastic they were.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the top San Juan Hotels I am one of those that drives myself crazy reading all the reviews of a place and then go nuts trying to find a place without a bad review. I've learned to really take those bad reviews with a grain of salt.The hotel isn't as glamorous as say the Wyndham, but that doesn't mean it's sub-par. The rooms are due for an updating, but not in a 1950's sort of way. The beds, bathroom, tv are all high quality. There is a massive construction project on the west side of the building that isn't so much fun to look at, but that will be done in a few months.This is all eclipsed by the good points of the hotel. The beach is fantastic (many hotels in San Juan have sub-par beaches) - the two level pool has a swim up bar, a fun slide, plenty of chairs and wireless internet all over (included in your resort fee - which I do consider just bad business, but everyone is doing it.)The casino is adequate, the slots aren't up to most mainland standards and the placement of everything is a bit tight, but the service is friendly and the tables draw a mixture of tourists and locals.There is always a party in the lobby. Bands that go all night, huge crowds on the weekends and over priced drinks to make you feel right at home.I haven't even gotten to the two best things about the hotel - the staff and the location. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful and no reasonable request wasn't given their full attention, you were made to feel at home.The best part though was the location. The streets of Condado are lined with fabulous restaurants and shops. Pizza Huts, Burger King, Subway, Citibank, Starbucks and Walgreens are all with in a block or two. The local restaurants are top notch and plentiful. Access to Old San Juan is either a 10 min bus (if your lucky enough to catch one) or cab ride. The police seem to be everywhere and I didn't feel unsafe at any point and we walked all over, every night.Overall, if you stay here, you will walk away happy.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>apinkpivot1
<Content>Great Hotel !!!!       Our view from the balcony.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Coble78
<Content>The staff here went above and beyond! Just to give you some background, my husband is 29 and I am 27, we travel about 3 times a year, we have no children, we are from NY and we are from Ny. We came here because it was my brother's 30th bday and we wanted to surprise him. The hotel is very nice, it was under construction when we arrived but you could only see that if you were by the pool area and looked towards the cabana rooms. The staff at the front desk were so accommodating, we actually booked our trip at 4:30pm the previous afternoon and they still gave us the room that we asked for. The room was nice, the AC was excellent to the point where you wanted to turn it off bc it got to be too cold. We stayed in room 1218 which was a partial oceanview room, the view was okay only bc they are building a new hotel next to the marriott so you saw that also. The bed was outstanding along with the pillows, my husband never wants to stay in bed when we go on vacation and I actually had to make him get up one morning bc he was so in love with the bed. The was a safe in the room that we didn't know about, it was under the t.v. The tub stopper kept closing so after you take a shower the water would pool in the tub unless you kept checking the stopper. I liked the elevator bc you could go to the pool and not have to walk through the lobby. One thing that ticks me off about hot tubs and guests is that the signs always say no one under 16 but it never fails someone is always in there with their kids, this was the first hotel that we stayed at where they actually made the kids get out of the hot tub. If you order drinks by the pool, it's faster to get them yourself, the waitstaff could step it up a bit. We didn't eat in the hotel, so I can't comment on the food. There was this place called Gellato's across the street where we got breakfast and beverages for $13 where an egg omelet was $13 by itself in the hotel restaurant. There is a walgreens, pizza hut, chilli's and wendy's nearby. If you want some spanish food go to los penos it's on ponce de leon street going twds carolina. You need a car to get there or you can take a cab but the food is good and cheep and it's open 24 hours a day. If you like beer try Medalla Light, it is a Puerto rican beer, I am not a big beer drinker but I feel in love, it's so good that I'm in NY trying to find out why no one imports to the USA. If you rent a car park on the street, it's cheaper than the hotel parking, but just be careful we got a ticket parking on a the side block by wendys but parking on Ashford was cool and free. Make sure you visit Old San Juan and the mall both easy to get to. In summary the hotel is cool, Condado is cool but in my opinion PR is not some where that you go for more than 4 days and it's not a first class island so keep that in mind and you'll have fun.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GRADSCHOOL1
<Content>Nice Hotel Nice hotel for the price (package via travelocity). Fairly large with nice room accomendations. The pool area is large and beach is Excellent!The spa serices and gym were great. The bar is a local hot spot and has great entertainment. The area around the hotel in under construction but as a whole Condado beach area is very safe. We had no problems (group of 6 women). Taxis are plentyful and always available( cost $12-15 to go to Old San Juan / Mall de America. The hotel also has excellent tours available that wont break your wallet. I suggest the Rainforest tour- great tour.Only down point was the lack of information at the front desk. We learned from our tour guide it was possible to take a ferrie to St. Thomas. No one at the hotel could give us any information on the ferries at all. They also charge for internet.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WharfRatCT
<Content>Island Oasis.... After returning from an 8-day Carnival Cruise, we stayed on rewards credits a this property. From the moment we walked into the main lobby I was overwhemled (which I did not expect after returning from a cruise) with the level of elegence the grand room offered as we walked in the front doors...and the nice thing, it didn't just end there!! From the details in the structure, and the elegent furnishings including lighting fixtures, and lets not forget the wall hangings....but the large celling to floor windows to the left and along the back side of the floor offered the most impressive view of the private beach and the beautiful tranquil blue green water! As other postings mention, yes your greated to a big bar surrounded by tables, and a dance floor and stage...but it was part of the resort...the live entertainment was really great, and the latin dancing was something to watch! Also the casino is located on this level, and yes small, but it was there and available...seemed to bring in some locals later evenings (negitive). Our check-in was very customer service...we arrived at 10AM and they took our bags, and gave property arm bands, and we quickly had full access to the pool and private beach, which was why we were there...to relax and just enjoy the beach. They told us when to return for our room, and when we did our room was ready as told it would be. The room was average...with a large bathroom, and glass sliders to a deck which was nice. Our view was the side of the building with a little waterview, and a large construction site...nothing too great.Food / Resturant: We ate lunch at the resturant at the outside tables. Found th food to be good, but a limited menu for a resort and the service to be extremelly slow. We also ate at the tiki bar which we had great service. And we had brunch at the resturant which was top notch!! I agree, long lines and servers not quick to help move the line, but the food was great!We ventured off the property twice, once durning the day just to see what was near by and to take in San Juan. We walked the strip and found myself a bit disappointed...poor area, not many places you really want to see on the strip...couldn't wait to get back to the resort. Also ventured off for dinner one evening...went on the strip to a Cuban resturant...nobody spoke much english, but they were very accomidating and helpful...food was good. But went right back to the resort...safty was an issue we felt...and the hotel had the live music, dancing, and a casino with armed guards all over the property so you were safe.On Saturday's they have art  craft (jewerly) vendors which were really nice! We didn't use the pool area so can't comment.The beach was great!! No problem getting a chair, or coctails served on the beach. It was so beautiful though i can't say enough. However the beach wasn't completly private and found the locals trying to enter from the sides which made it a little sketchy later in the day.I would go back!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>daisie152
<Content>Had a good time in Puerto Rico HOTEL:We arrived at the San Juan Marriott and entered the lobby by 11:30 a.m. on September 1, 2005. I did not find the lobby to be grand or impressive at all. You enter the hotel looking at a bar with a bunch of tables surrounding it. To the right is the casino and to the left is the check in counter. I don't know why but I found this quite ODD!We were immediately able to check into our upgraded room. We were upgraded to a suite that was located on the second floor overlooking the pool, ocean and a little side road. Our room was nice and big!!!The pool was ok. The water was alittle cloudy. They had two pools. One for little kids and one for bigger kids. We mostly sat in the kiddie (no more then three feet deep) pool just to cool off. The slide was fun though!! The patio was quite nice too.The beach was really nice!! The ocean is alittle rough but we had a great time riding the waves.The area surrounding the hotel was very peculiar and seedy!!!!! There was a huge security presense. Some of the buildings were in dire need of a face lift. A lot of buildings were boarded up and some of them were just in really bad shape.FOOD:We ate at the marriott once. We had breakfast at their outdoor restaurant. It was good. We ate at the surrounding restaurants that were located off site. The prices were moderate and the food was good. ACTIVITIES:We took the East Wind Catamaran to Culebra Island. DO this trip. It was fantastic and Flamenco Beach is Beautiful!!!Old San Juan - Had a great time walking around the city. The city has a lot of character and is very picturesque.El Yunque - If you have seen a rain forest before I would skip this one. It was nice but its not worth the time or money to see it.Bioluminescent tour - Now this one....the idea is awesome. It is cool to see and experience this. Getting to and from the bay is a nightmare!!!!!!!!!!! It's pitch black dark. We had motor boats and other kayakers running head on into us. I think there needs to be a mandate for the number of people who are allowed into the bay at once.LITTLE TID BITS:Please be aware that Marriott charges an extra $17 per night resort fee on top of the room rate. This adds up after a few nights. I wish we knew this.The wait staff at all the restuarants try to up sell the menu and try to get you to order extra stuff. Know what you want and try not to be persuaded.If you do go to El Yunque...think about renting a car and going to El Yunque early afternoon and then do the Bioluminescent tour that same night. This saved us the cost of a dinner. approx. $70.There is no set cab fare to go anywhere.....what ever they feel like charging as the wind changes is what they charge. Long story short just be aware that the cab fares are not consistent and do add up.If you have access to the lobby on the Executive level DO take advantage of this. The spread they put out each day (excluding weekends) was impressive. Um...I think thats it. I hope this helps you and gives you some extra information you may not have known.Overall, I did think the Marriott was a fine hotel and when I return I will consider staying there again. I'm thinking I may want to go live on Culebra Island though.Best regards and happy vacationing to all.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice and better than expected My friend and I stayed at the Marriot for a long Labor Day weekend. We read the reviews, were warned about the construction, etc. and found that the hotel turned out to be very nice; we had a pool/beach view. Actually the entire trip was a blast!! The hotel staff gave us great advice on where to hang-out and how to use the public transportation system.Overall, I don't know what people expect from a hotel- I personally don't care for hotels and would prefer to spend as little time possible in one. However, you can't go wrong at this hotel. As for the food and casino, we didn't spend much time there and focused our activities around seeing the sights, getting out and experiencing the culture, food and night life.This hotel was clean, beds were comfortbale and the staff was friendly. I'd stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to stay Went for Labor Day Weekend with my friend. They gave up an upgrade to an ocean front room. I would recomend it to all, great for familes and singles. Very close to everything... Love It!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NaughtonFam
<Content>A beautiful location ruined by the staff... I read the reviews of this hotel before we booked our 5 night stay. It is a beautiful place - the beach is just lovely. The food was pretty good although very limited. I was horrified, however, by the quality of the staff (with very few exceptions). In fact, I have lodged a formal complaint with Marriott. I speak Spanish so I am wondering if my impression was different because of this??? I have 2 small children and when I asked the concierge (the person under the HOW CAN WE HELP sign) if there were any nearby restaurants that would be appropriate for children, I was told flatly No. This was not the case, once I explored the street I found a Pizza Hut, a Chilis, a great Mexican restaurant and an excellent Cuban restaurant. The breakfast cooks seemed put out by even the simplest requests and often spent time finishing their conversations before they addressed the waiting line of guests. The towel/pool girls were some of the rudest people I have ever met - again because they seemed put out by the basic requirements of their jobs and unable to even politely respond to any questions. I was blown away by this - being used to places where the staff understands the meaning of hospitality and will at least address your needs if not exceed them. It was my first time to Puerto Rico and it will take a lot for me to go back.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Joshb2j
<Content>Better than some reviews posted here make it out to be... I had read several reviews on this website that discussed the poor state of things in this hotel--thus, expectations were low. However, I was pleasantly suprised with the hotel.ROOM. We had a nice pool/oceanview room. The view was great. Yes, there was some construction going on across the way on some other buildings, but I didn't see anything on our hotel. The balcony was very large and nice. The room itself was as nice as any Marriott I have stayed in at Chicago/Miracle Mile or Cleveland or Philly. The bathroom wasn't the nicest I have ever seen, but it served its purpose.DINING. Do not waste your money eating at this hotel. I didn't even consider spending $20 or more per person for breakfast. Walk out the front door, take a left, and go eat at Danny's International for $5-8 per person, and it was just fine. Drinks in the lobby bar are overpriced and awful. ALso, there is a 2 drink minimum when you order there. The food available at the bar was pitiful and the pork rinds and nuts they give you are awful. I ordered a Mojito and sent it back because it was the worst I ever had--the bartender tried to make it with 7-Up instead of sugar water....pathetic. There are a ton of decent restaraunts within easy walking distance, so go there. We turned left out of the hotel and went to some Mexican restaraunt (I know, I know) and had some good late night beer and appetizers for about 1/2 of what 4 drinks cost at the hotel lobby bar. Ikako's was one restaraunt that I thought was great and the staff was very nice and friendly. Plus, if you eat there late in the afternoon, they will make the drinks nice and strong for you. EXERCISE ROOM/POOL. Both were nice enough. CASINO. Small, but enough to lose some money at if you need to.THe biggest thing that aggravated me was that there was a resort fee that was no where disclosed. The fee is 10% which adds up. I wasn't too happy about that, and I complained. We'll see what Marriott has to say.All in all, I was pleased and I would stay here again. We were only here one night, but it was fine. Old San Juan is cool, although touristy, and we walked around until we found some small dive bars that didn't look too touristy. There were plenty of other restaraunts in Old San Juan that looked tempting as well. Also, one tip I did read here that rang true: everyone in PR speaks English, so better to speak English than waste your time with your high school spanglish.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>hbyerly
<Content>Feeling hot, hot, hot We stayed in room 1411 on a marriott rewards stay the last week in August. The hotel wasn't very full, and they upgraded us without charge to an ocean view on check-in.The room was typical Marriott - clean, decent furnishings, mattresses with foam toppers, the ubiquitous green/beige carpeting. The a/c disconnects when the balcony door (gorgeous view) is opened, so you have to be careful to close it tightly to keep the room cool. A/C was barely adequate, despite having the engineer check it twice. It cooled to about 73F, but because it is centralized it did nothing for the humidity. We kept it going the entire stay and clothes still came out of drawers damp.The hotel has lots of amenities - the pool is lovely, with a good mix of sun and shade. There is a nice workout room (no charge for guests) with a variety of equipment, and the spa offers a small menu of massages. The hotel advertises wireless internet, but it was not available in our room (though I saw people using it in the lobby). There is an extra charge for Internet access, about $10/day, slightly less by the week. There's also a self-serve laundry facility, which is important because everything is so damp.There's a very small casino off the lobby, and the lobby bar had live music most evenings.The beach is fantastic - a wide swath of sand with clean water, but though the surf was fun for body surfing it was too rough for snorkeling or just floating around. They keep the red flag (dangerous water conditions) up year-round as there is no lifeguard on the beach. They do have waiters on the beach who circulate fairly often.The on-site restaurants were good - the Vista has a buffet going pretty much all the time, and you can also order from the menu. Lunch/dinner is about $45 for two people, which we thought was reasonable given the variety and location. The Tuscany is more high-end (i.e. the waiters are better dressed), and the food was mixed, with some things quite good and others less so.There are couple of restaurants within walking distance - the hotel is on a strip of major hotels that are mixed in with smaller guesthouses and restaurants. I've read other reviews comparing the area to South Beach, but I think that's a very poor comparison. There's a Walgreens a half block away (turn right out the front door), which is good for water and snacks.The location is Condado, just a few minutes east of old San Juan. It's about a 10 minute taxi ride, and they charge $12-14 depending on what part of the city you're heading toward.The staff is extremely nice, with the exception of the gift shop and tour staff, who seem to think that guests were an inconvenience.Bottom line - this was our first visit to PR, and we enjoyed the Marriott very much. I probably wouldn't come again at this time of year - it rarely got below 90, and with the high humidity it was uncomfortable to be outside for too long. For our next visit I'll try a guesthouse in a less urban area, I would not pay the rack rate of close to $300/night (I used points) for this property.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice! My husband and I spent our honeymoon at this resort 3 years ago and had a very nice time. I was very happy with the service, food and grounds. The room was very nice and clean but a bit small. There is a swim up bar which was wonderful and the evening entertainment is great. We had a wonderful time and would definitely recommend this resort!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MommySD
<Content>Had a great time ! We stayed at the Marriott for a week and it was wonderful! We got an oceanfront view for a cityview price and they did not charge us a resort fee. The hotel was very nice as was the staff...We loved our room it was clean and the view was breath taking..Our kids loved the pool and the slide..It got very packed on the weekend but we always found chairs...The beach was clean and there was always someone around if you needed chairs or umbrellas or a drink..We ate at the Latin Star almost every morning for breakfast it's right down the block next to Walgreen's...The girls in there were very sweet and the food was delicious...We tried the Angel cafe which wasn't good at all...Our best meal was at the Waikiki it was down a few blocks across the street from Chili's...It was too die for...resonable prices and if we found it sooner we would have ate dinner there every night...The Marriott did have some constuction going on but we didn't even notice it until about the 4th day because we saw the scoffolding while getting out of the cab..I would stay here again and would recommend it everyone...My sister in law stayed at the El San Juan in Isla Verde while it was beautiful she said it was very stuffy and wasn't kid friendly..Hope this helps...  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very basic and dissapointing We had planned to stay in this hotel for 3 nights post carribean cruise. I agree with the comments of another reviewer who said that it is nothing like the pictures on the internet site. When we arrived we were told by the taxi driver that this was the best hotel to be staying in San Juan. This I found hard to understand. San Juan is very basic and the surrounding area as you leave the hotel is in desperate need of repair. When we arrived at the hotel we checked in and were told that the rte we had been offered on the mariott website had not been accurate as the complementary $50 dollar food advance was only paid if you were offered a room where they were renovating the balcony thus not been able to use this facility which was not explanied to us clearly. This was not a good start to our holiday. We were allocated a city view room on the 19th floor. The view was so bad that we had to upgrade to a sea/pool view for an additional $25 per room per night, another cost. Although this room had a better outlook across the ocean, the room was so basic and in need of renovation. The beds were comfortable, however, I did not had a good nights sleep as I did not think that the room was clean. The walls were painted cream with no wallpaper which made the room seem very cold. The pool was extremely busy with children and people sitting around drinking as this was obviously a favourite over the weekends. We have 2 children who are aged 11  14 years so a children friendly hotel is good for us, however, this was too noisy at the weekend. A latin america band plays every weekend and the noise was deafening. I am only 41 and do like to party, however, this was too loud for us. The highlight was the chinese restaurant where the food was fantastic. The bar staff were very attentive, however, some of the guest relations staff were extremely rude. There is a resort fee of 11% which you need to pay for each night you stay. The hotel should have been paying us to stay here. I have stayed in many marriott hotels over the years, however, this was the worst one and not up to the standard I would have expected from the Marriott. We decided on the 2nd day to return to miami for our last day and night before flying back to london and cutting our holiday in San Juan short by 1 day. This was the best decision as we moved to the marriott in south beach which was just fabulous and ended our holiday on a high.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>alt9171964
<Content>what a pleasurable stay stayed at the marriot san juan resort and casino, excellent hotel, clean, and the staff was very helpful. stayed there 3 days prior to a cruise and will return again. the best part was the nightly salsa band and dancing, in the hotel lobby. the room was clean, bed comfy and beachfront clean and quiet. will return again  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mfnyc
<Content>First trip to Puerto Rico       beach/pool view from room  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay stay, not impressed My husband and I stayed at the Marriott for a long weekend. This was a last minute weekend trip for my husband and me, so we did minimal research. Do yourself a favor and research your destination, especially if you have limited time. This is not a place to stay if you do not have kids. Despite kids and teenagers (and for that matter, some of their parents) screaming, running all over the pool area and not obeying the rules of the pool, the pool area was beautiful and was a relief because it was so hot and humid! Staff at the pool area were very friendly. I would not say that staff as a whole (at the pool) were very attentive. You have to speak up if you want a refill because no one is going to ask you if you want one. We arrived early and the woman (very friendly) who checked us in gave us a beeper to let us know when our room was ready. Well, the beeper never beeped so we went back to the desk at 4 o'clock, which is the check-in time, and our room was ready. The man who gave us our room key not friendly at all. Brian at the lobby bar was very nice, as was Gerry, who kept the lobby area very neat and clean. The bartenders that were at the lobby bar on Friday night were terrible. It was difficult to get a drink and difficult to get the check. We had breakfast at one of the restaurants on Saturday and we were completely rushed through the meal. Don't get the breakfast buffet on the weekend. The line is so long at the omelet station that the rest of your food will be cold by the time your eggs are cooked. The hotel needs serious updating (which is in the process of occurring). Our room was comfortable and clean, however, one day housekeeping did not clean our room until after I spoke with the housekeeping supervisor (at 5:00 p.m.). Don't bother with the hotel gift shop, people who work there are less than welcoming. Don't expect most of the staff in general to be overwhelmingly friendly to make you feel welcome or that you are glad that you booked the hotel. If you plan on staying for a romantic weekend, think about staying elsewhere. Also, plan on going off of the Condado if you really want to have a good time. The best meal we had was at El Convento in Old San Juan. If we do return to San Juan, we will stay at at more upscale hotel like El Convento and take day trips off the Condado. Also, the entire Condado area is in flux. There are massive construction projects underway on Ashford Avenue.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JDERV
<Content>A Fair Review of SJM OK, lots of negative messages regarding the San Juan Marriott on this board. Having stayed at this hotel approx. 20 times during the past 5 years, I feel I have some balanced perspective.My most recent stay was in April 05. The hotel facility was previously a different hotel (Diplomat) which was destroyed by a fire in the mid 80's. Marriott bought the building and renovated in the late 90's. Many of the ongoing renovations are replacement activities from the original hotel (such as old windows and doors). Prior to initiating major renovations, particularly to the rooms, both the website and the hotel advise all guests.I agree that during the past few years the service has been spotty. Sometimes good/sometimes bad but honestly more often good. I have never found any part of the facility (hotel, gym, casino) to be run down. In fact there is constant cleaning occuring in the common areas of the hotel.there The rooms are of varying size but I have never stayed in what I'd consider a small room. In the tower section of the hotel it is better to stay on floors 14 and higher because there is some noise from the lobby music - also the cabana wing is less noisy. The beds are very comfortable (soft mattress) and the housekeeping and overall upkeep has always been excellent during my stays.The pool area is quite attractive with nice landscaping, chairs, umbrellas and wait service for drinks. People who are complaining about excessive children most likely were visitng during school holiday time. I have not experienced an overwhelming number of out of control children at the pool. The beach area is public beach (city of San Juan) and not owned by the Marriott - however the hotel does provide chairs and umbrellas. The water is clean, particularly for an urban setting however there is a serious under-tow/rip-tide possibility at this beach - BE CAREFUL when swimming.The restaurants and room service are expensive - in fact I think more expensive than comparable restaurants in SJ. However in the immediate area of the Marriott (within 1/2 mile walking) are many restaurants from mid-range chains (Uno) to fine dining (Ramiros). There are also 2 Japanese restaurants within close distance (1 next to the hotel). I have never felt unsafe walking in the Condado area of San Juan - even late at night.I have found that in the past year, the SJ Marriott rates are almost always on the high-end (rarely less than $225 per night for city view room). In the past there were more frequent weekend specials and I've stayed for as little as $140 per night. For the current rates charged, there are other hotels in the city (Ritz Carlton or Intercontinental) which might provide a better experience for the money.Bottom line - if you're spending more than $225-250 and seek a true luxury experience then spend a little more and stay at the Ritz Carlton. If you want a relaxing stay in a clean, comfortable hotel with many options for dining outside the hotel AND you can get a rate of $225 or less, then I'd recommend the SJ Marriott.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott -not bad not great       View from room  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ChelseaNYC
<Content>Run down and horrible Keep looking -- this hotel is a dump. The rooms and common areas are run down, the beach is filthy with graffiti on the neighboring (look condemed) buildings -- not the view you want when you fly to the Carribbean. Cement chunks have fallen off of the hotel so the facade is horrible. Lunch was slow and cost over $50 for for two people for chicken cutlet, rice and a drink. If you are accustomed to nice, clean hotels this is NOT the place. Like I said, keep looking for something better for your dollar.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Must Read if going to San Juan My best friend and I went to San Juan in April. The Marriot is an okay hotel. It looks alot better in the pictures. It is not a luxuary hotel. There is a wing that has recently been renovated, we did not stay in that wing. Our room was a little above the quality of a Motel 6. However, we heard that the side that had been renovated was nice. The beach was beautiful and made the stay worth it. We stayed on the Marriot beach for one day and then we went to other beaches. YOU MUST GO TO CULEBRA ISLAND. Culebra Island was one of the most beautiful beaches I have ever seen in my life. The ferry to go over is $2.50. When you get off the ferry, take the bus to flamingo beach (2.00). YOU HAVE TO TAKE THIS TRIP. Anyway, the Marriot is okay. There is a nightclub across the street that was popular and plenty of walking distance to many resturants. Pureto Rico is a great island to visit, but you are cheating yourself, if you only stay in San Juan. By the way, almost everyone speaks or understands English, so do not make a fool of yourself, by trying to speak the spanish you learned in high school or college. Dining at the Marriot was NOT impressive.Make sure you tell Juan and Edwardo, Monica from Philadelphia said Hi and that I am going to open a can of whip ---!  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aos200
<Content>Coonstruction! - Travel Agent's review I am pretty amazed after reading the positive reviews on this website and visiting the Marriott firsthand. Did no one see what we saw? I must say that I will never book anyone in the Marriott, San Juan especially but probably not the Condado area as well. Here's why.First off, be forewarned that construction in the San Juan area (including Old San Juan and Candado) is rampant and EVERYWHERE - as are the problems that come along with it in any city, namely; traffic, noise, congestion. If this statement alone is enough to make you question San Juan as a place you'd like to vacation peacefully - trust your instincts and book a hotel at an alternate location in PR outside of the San Juan city area (Dorado, Isla Verde or farther) or choose an alternate island in the carribbean.As for the Marriott itself, and I am AMAZED no one has really made a point of this, THE HOTEL ITSELF IS UNDERGOING A 4 PHASE RECONSTRUCTION ON THE WEST END AND ON THE PROPERTY IMMIDIATELY EAST A HOTEL IS BEING BUILT THROUGH 2006. This means that unless you want a view of a construction site, your only bet is the middle-back of the hotel that overlooks the pool. Now if your room assigned does not have a working balcony as a result of the work being done, you are entitled to 5000 marriott points per night or a $100 food and beverage credit per night (sign upon checkin). This means that if you stay on the West side of the hotel where they are painting and renovating the outside and therefore your balcony is locked for safety and out of use, you are entitled. Unfortunately, if your balcony is functional (as was ours, although it overlooked a construction pit and 2- 100 foot cranes to the East. I am sadly not kidding), we did not apply for the credit. Of other notes, our room was 2-3* quality, so be forewarned the high stars given on tripadvisor are indeed misleading. While I understand the level of sophistication is generally not as high in the Carribbean as it is elsewhere, the reality is our room was not the usual Marriott quality (ie. clean, comfortable). A 4* hotel does not have mold growing around the caulf of the tub, our bedding looked shabby, the bathroom needed a desperate regrout, and our balcony had cheap plastic furniture that looked about 10 years old. I could deal w that - after all, how long are you really in a room? But After speaking to the manager and explaining we were not informed of the construction when booking the hotel (which is right next to the beach - you MUST be able to hear it when outside during the day), I was still not offered ANY type of compensation or apology because I was 'upgraded' to a room with a balcony. An insult, to say the least, being our balcony overlooked a pit and construction cranes. I responded by informing the manager the hotel booking policy of not informing guests of the construction, and then not compensating those they deem 'unaffected' is not good business and I would not recommend such a property to my clients. To which I was told to my amazement 'that's fine, do not book your clients here'. Which leads me to ask - if this is the way the hotel manager treats an agent, how would he treat a poor client ? This is not to imply that the manager's attitude prevails in terms of the rest of the Marriott employees - that would be unfair. But when I go away on vacation, I expect a few basic things - namely, clean sheets, a clean bathroom, and a quiet place to relax and read a book or nap. Unfortunately after an hour at the Marriott, it seemed clear to me none of these things would happen without an excruciating effort that would defeat the point of my vacations. So I cut my losses and I checked out.As for the pool, we never swam but it looked very nice. The beach we never made it to so I cannot comment. The casino was a typical hotel casino (a bit smaller than I expected). The lounge bar was very active however the music was too loud (and I like music!) to hear the person next to you. Be forewarned there is a 'resort fee' or $10 a day and also a daily parking fee of $18 per day if you decide to stay here. As far as the Condado 'strip', we were told of the many nice restaurants on the outside of the hotel but we walked the strip and found nothing other than local 2* joints. Not that that is ever necessarilly a bad thing - but just as I expect the cons of a city (ie. noise, traffic, etc), I expect the pros as well (more sophisticated areas, better dining, etc). I am a 26 year old girl and I would not have felt safe walking alone had my boyfriend not been there to be honest. (There is a little, shady strip club across the street and 5 doors down from the Marriott).All in all, I must say that I recommend no one stay at this hotel or Condado in general. The city of Old San Juan is not very big and there is no real benefit to staying near it - the traffic is horrendous, there is construction everywhere, I assume there is rampant poverty as we saw a ton of shanty areas and 'for sale' signs, and even strolling down the streets you will be continuously bombarded by people in their cars and on their scooters playing excessively loud music. (I live in Manhattan and don't need to leave the motherland to enjoy that). If you do go, you can see El Morro and el castillo and enjoy lunch or dinner and some shopping around all of Old San Juan in half a day. As far as nightlife, we were only in old San Juan for a night, but didn't see many options other than 5 or so nice restaurants. (So if nightlife is your thing, this is not your place - go to South Beach, Cancun, stay at Atlantis, etc).Most resorts outside of San Juan do not charge their guests parking and by the time you add up taxi fees and tour transportation charges (for example, if you travel to el yunque (the rainforest), it is $50 per person for the bus tour, a cab from the airport to Candado is $15 each way). Therefore, my strong suggestion is to rent a car and just get out of San Juan - stay elsewhere on the Island. We ended up at the Hyatt Dorado which was lovely - I will post a review for that.Hope this helps give you a more detailed view of the Marriott/Condado area.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>LisaNewYork
<Content>Marriott has changed a lot since the last time I went there.. I've stayed at the San Juan Marriott 5 years ago and enjoyed my stay. However, this time around was totally different. The hotel staff itself is very friendly. They open doors and are very courteous. That's never a problem. But the hotel is run down and definitely needs repairs which we knew before we decided to stay there. I believe the repairs are being made the first week of June. The pool area is small. There were tons of kids the week I stayed here and very unruly as well. They did not adhere to the rules of the pool area. They were jumping and diving into the pool which was prohibited; they were climbing up the water slide after the lifeguard was off duty and they were throwing volleyballs at each other. The hotel staff did absolutely nothing to reprimand them. The swim up bar shuts down at 4:00 p.m. - after that, you have to get out of the pool and walk to the outdoor bar if you want a drink. It's very loud and noisy. If you want a quiet place to relax and enjoy the beach and pool, DO NOT stay here. On weekends, the beach can get very crowded. If you're not out very early, your chance of getting beach chairs and an umbrella are very slim. I also witnessed nudity on the beach which I don't think is appropriate for a family hotel. Also, we made 2 reservations with the concierge for dinner, which were NOT made. We had to confirm with them and it's a good thing we did, otherwise we would not have had reservations. If you want good Puerto Rican food - eat at Ajili Mojili - they have great Mofongo. Ropa Vieja is also very good. Another excellent restaurant is Ramiro's. This place is an upscale Spanish restaurant and is walking distance from the hotel. I would make reservations. The rooms for the most part are decent size and are clean. I recommend staying on a higher floor because of the nightlife downstairs in the hotel lobby. They have singing, dancing, bands etc which was nice. The trip to Camuy Caves is nice but is definitely NOT worth the $90 the Marriott charges you compared to other hotels that charge $74. If you're planning to go to El Yunque, my suggestion is to rent a car and go yourself. The tour guide will not do half the things the rain forest offers. My overall opinion of this hotel would be just okay, maybe average. The next time I go back, I may think of staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>disco86
<Content>Girls Just Wanna Have Fun Just returned from 4 nights stay at the San Juan Marriott. The hotel was typical Marriott. The service was excellent the staff was friendly and very accomondating, especially the hotel conseirge Ruth. She was faboulous as was Heidi the tour operator. If you want a great mean for an excellant price. Check out Mar Y Tierra. Variety of foods very well prepared. Even live music on some nights.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly Recommend San Juan Marriott I just returned from a 4 night/5 day visit to the San Juan Marriott. The hotel accomondations were wonderful. The Marriott is central to many restaurants, shopping and other hotels. Old San Juan is just a short (5 min), 25 cent bus ride! The beach was beautiful and the beach side service was excellant. The evening salsa band is also a must to experience. One of the hotel's conseire's RUTH was very informative and provided excellant recommenations for fine dining. The pool is also good with its very own slide!I especially want to highly recommend, the Mar Y Tierra Bar and Grill. Newly opened, this restaurant provided extrodinary service, atmosphere and the food was aboslutely delicious. If you are looking for great food at excellant prices this is the place for you. If you stop by, tell Casey (the owner) hello from Maryland.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Vacation - But Not Fabulous I booked this trip 4 months in advance after reading reviews. I originally wanted to stay at the InterContinental but couldn't find a great rate and like the location of the Marriott better. We got a rate of $179/night because the reservations center made an error. That in itself was a hassle. But onto the vacation...I was meeting a friend there from Boston and she arrived first, checking into a smoking, ocean-front room. The only reason we stayed was because it DID NOT smell like smoke - we are both non-smokers but loved the view. Unfortunately, the hotel said they did not have any other ocean front rooms available in non-smoking so we would have been stuck in city-view if it had smelled. We had a housekeeping issue the first night as well, finding hair in the bed and in the shower that was not ours, and immediately called the front desk. The hotel did show great customer service in giving us a $100 credit at the Italian restaurant on site. (More on that later) But at check-out, it showed a small charge from the restaurant that we had been told had been covered...was resolved, but an added hassle. Other than the hair, the room was fine, the beds were comfortable and it was clean.Tuscany, the italian restaurant, is AMAZING. Not only is the service fabulous, but the food is wonderful. We had pasta with lobster, ossa bucco, grilled salmon, seared tuna and loved our meals....Definitely go there if you are in town whether you stay at the restaurant or not.The rest of the trip was fine...the pool was crowded as it was a holiday weekend and there were lots of kids but that didn't bother us. The only issue at the pool is finding a sunny place to be for the day. The hotel placed palm trees all over the pool area and they block the sun depending on where you sit. The beach is all open and they have lounge chairs and umbrellas although if you like long walks on the beach, this is not the place for you. I enjoy walking the beach to exercise and there's not too far to walk. There is a great band at night in the lobby and a casino in the hotel(a few $5 and $10 tables for blackjack). Plus you can walk to a bunch of restaurants and bars on Ashford Ave. We went into San Juan twice and it's a $10 cab ride and great to walk around and try some restaurants! Maria's is a local place for frozen drinks, The Parrot Club and sister restaurants are fun and if shopping is your thing, there is a Coach Factory store there!The only other major issue was the concierge. They are not the most helpful and don't make too many good recommendations. I suggest researching the area on your own before you go.If I go back, I'll try to stay at the IC unless the price is much better at the Marriott.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reed13ja
<Content>Nice on the inside, but looks a little shabby outside My husband and I stayed here for three nights after a cruise. The hotel is large and nice, and the service is very friendly. The only problems we had were with the outside of the building and the neighboring buildings. Be careful when booking here in the summer of 2005. They are doing construction and painting on the balconies and outside walls of the hotel - which it badly needs. But this could add up to a lot of noise! The hotel is also surrounded by construction of other buildings on both sides, and the whole area of the beach is a little shabby.Speaking of the beach, if you are bringing kids, be careful! The water is VERY rough and has a strong undertoe. Few parents would let their children swim, and if they did the kids stayed in the water for no more than five minutes. I still have sand in my ears from the huge waves knocking me down! In fact, local kids came to the beach in front of our hotel to surf. On the other hand, the pool is great for kids and there are activities planned daily. The hotel resteraunts are so-so, a little overpriced in my opinion. The area has a few nice local places as well as chain resteraunts. KFC delivers to the hotel if you really miss home-cooking! The hotel is close to Old San Jaun which is a great trip. Also, there is a tour desk that plans reasonably priced tours to local attractions. They offer trips to the rainforest, the Bacardi distillery, Old San Jaun, and moonlight kayaking. The hotel does have a nice casino, but it is a little small! Don't expect anything like Vegas.I would have given this hotel an above average rating, but the price was a little too high. Next time I will try another beach in Puerto Rico, one that is more conducive to laying out and swimming in the ocean.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>20th Anniversary Vacation       The Water slide  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spotlessly clean, friendly staff, great pool My 3 girlfriends and I traveled to San Juan for my birthday and stayed at the Marriott. The location is good, with several great restaurants in the area, a few clubs, bars, and shopping. It's a short cab ride from Old San Juan and from Isla Verde.The hotel staff was so friendly, polite, and wonderful. They even sang happy birthday to me at breakfast! They take pride in their hotel and want to make sure that the visitors are happy.The hotel room looked exactly like the pictures on the website and was one of the cleanest hotels I've ever stayed in. The lobby has live music at night and a great bar. The bars around the pool area are fun, and the pool itself is beautiful. And the best part is it's all right on the beach.The only complaint that I had was that the massage I had at the spa wasn't the best massage ever. The spa could use a bit more of a spa like feel to it - I think perhaps it's a bit newer, so they don't have much yet.I'd recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pbjandthou
<Content>#3 in San Juan is questionable My husband and I stayed at the SJ Marriott for 2 nights in early May as a pre-cruise stop. It was fine for 2 nights, but I personally would not want to stay here for a week long visit. It's a shame that I can only give this hotel an average rating, because as others have written, the service was outstanding. Unfortunately, the condition of the beach side and pool side exteriors of the hotel and renovations that need to be made to the rooms and balconies reduce the excellent rating that I would like to give it. Also, although it is not the hotel's fault, the condition of the beach front walls and buildings on each side of the Marriott are in desperate need of help. This area on the beach isn't condusive to beach walks and romance.The pool area is lovely, but the pools themselves belong to the kids, especially on weekends.We enjoy Latin music and loved the bands that played in the lobby area while we were there. We ate at the hotel one morning. The menu is limited and the breakfast buffet is encouraged. I understand why since the buffet runs between $13-$16 and ordering ala carte coffee, water, and granola cost $12. Needless to say we ate at a small cafe down the street the next morning.I think that in a year or two, after they clean things up a bit it'll be a great spot, but on our next visit to San Juan I think we'll be going to Isla Verde.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mother and daughter experiencing our roots Our stay was at the Marriott Stellaris in the Condado in San Juan. My daughter and I had never been to Puerto Rico for pleasure. We are of Puerto Rican decent but only visited when someone in the family passed away. Well I must say that the boogey man that everyone seem to warn us about never gave us a problem. My daughter is 19 yrs and let me tell she had her share of telephone numbers. But we felt safe at all times. We went out at all times of the day and never once felt the we could be in danger. Everyone was polite, pleasant and very helpful in the hotel and out about town.We took a taxi to old San Juan and saw sooo many gorgeous sites that we can't wait to see again. The food was excellent except in some places you have to wait a while for it. We also rented a car and we recommed it highly to travel the Island. We drove all the way to Arecibo, and experience the beautiful beaches..The hotel was awesome there was live music every night with quite a crowd for dancing. and security to the hotel was wonderful.So for two women traveling for the first time alone it was a wonderful experience our spanish is ok... but everyone spoke English or spanglish so it worked out perfect...  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>summer2006
<Content>Not the greatest My family of 4 just got back from staying at the San Juan Marriott. We were not entirely pleased with the hotel. The staff was excellent and very helpful. Out of the 2 restaurants the Tuscany was very good. La Vista had a buffet breakfast, lunch and dinner. If you are into buffets this is the way to go. The kids loved it but a waste of money. I dont care for buffets and I thought the menu was very boring...all I wanted was a toss salad and couldnt get one! The pool area was very nice, however, get your chairs early because they go fast and by 11am there is none to be found. The pool swim-up bar was closed, no activites for the kids, they had a volley ball net, but no balls and by the middle of the week the net was gone. The 90 ft slide was the best feature, you have to try it, I even did, it was great! However, they open up a 11am close by 4, while alot of the families are just getting back from day trips by that time, a real bummer for my kids. The beach area was very clean and nice, the water is a little rough(undertoe) but that depends if the wind is blowing or not. The lounge area at nite was very quite, on the weekends the locals come and dance, the place was mobbed. The casino was good, didnt hit on the slots but played 21/2 hours at roulette table with $25, I should have walked away when I was well ahead! Overall, it was just OK, I would not stay there again. Restaurants...Miros...2blocks down(walking distance) was excellent, service was great.The Cherry Blossom next door is your typical bonzai restaurant, good for the kids. We went to the Caribe Hilton to Mortons, great steak, but expensive. This hotel looked great, we took a walk around, tons of stuff for the kids. We rented a car and went to Liguillo beach by Farajedo, about an hr. drive from San Juan, absolutely beautiful, plan on doing a day there. Seven Seas beach was nothing to brag about. We did East Coast Cattermaran/snorkel great time, the crew was great, they made 2 stops to snorkel, one shallow water which was great for my 7 year old, they have aslide off the back of the boat. They gave us a great lunch and all we could drink. The 2nd stop was in deeper waters, the water current was too stong for me and my 7 yr old. All in all, great experience. We did the new/old San Juan bus tour/ one of the forts, nice trip, the kids were bored until we got to the fort, only 45 minutes to shop, was not enough time. I would suggest to do a 1/2 day in old San Juan or more. Dont go on Sunday evening, the shops close by 5 or 6. All in all the trip was great, next time I would definately not stay in San Juan. OBTW...the Intercontinental, ESL, Hilton looked great.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott San Juan, Not great but still pretty good My wife and I just got back yesterday from the Marriott San Juan. It was not great but it was pretty good and we had a wondeful time. I had read reviews on this board before leaving and was not sure what to expect. In the end I was plesantly surprised. First let me say that I have stayed in a variety of hotels from really cheap to some of the best including Four Seasons and Ritz. I mostly stay in Marriotts on business and amassed some points to use for this particular stay. I do not expect Marriotts to be 5 star establishiments. They are not competing with super high end luxury hotels so if that's what your used to.. forget it. The service is not as solicituous and the small details and overall experience of a Four Seasons is not what you're going to get. Having said that,h it was still nice.The hotel is in pretty good condition with the common areas very clean and well kept. The hotel has begun their renovation and crews were in the process of painting the exterior. Our room (city view) was fine. Clean, reasonable size but was a little dated. We were on the 5th floor. Word of warning: if you are in the main tower and go to bed early, you want to be high ie.. 8th floor plus. The night club in the lobby gets VERY loud and we could here the base thumping as late as 3am on saturday night! Pool is very nice, lots of young kids, but better that than crawling with spring breakers. Also, the whole pool area is in full sun by about 11am unless you are under a palm tree.Service was very good at the pool with people regularly circling to see if you wanted a $7.50 frozen drink or a $12 burger. Hey, it was expensive but it's a resort! The only truly bad service we had was a surley attendant at the beach who didn't have his story straight about whether to charge us $12 for an umbrella or not. If you are being charged the resort fee of 10% per night then the umbrellas are free. We were not being charged the fee as we were using points so we had to pay for the umbrella. Oh well, the 12 bucks was less than 10%. As far as I could tell, the 10% resort fee does not seem to cover anything else of importance so better you pay for the umbrella. The beach itself is clean, big, not crowded and the water is beautiful. Their is some surf but not too bad. My wife and I both had massages. She said hers was great. Mine was o.k. At $100 a pop they are pretty pricey. The spa was very clean although the lockers were not fuctional. But the massage rooms and atmosphere were nice. Again, it's not the Four Seasons.The area of Condado is great. It is kind of like south beach Miami but not as upscale. Nice stores and o.k. restaurants. I would recommend Tijuanna for great mexican food and the Mariachi band. Yeuba Buena was not bad. Danny's has very good pizza and breakfast. Everything is pretty expensive, figure, $70 bucks for two people for an average meal with a couple of drinks. We also hit the Burger King down the street for Breakfast. It was cheap and quick. We ate one nite at La Mallorcina. Recommended by the concierge. Not very good, don't go. Pricey, small portions of average food. Also check out Piu Bello Gelato. Great deserts and Ice Cream at a reasonable price.The only outside activity we did was a Catamaran/Snorkel trip aboard the SpreadEagle II. Don't let the name fool you. This was a very professional crew who did a great job. We actually sailed (most of these boats just moter to save time). We went to two beautiful beaches on the same island for great snorkeling and actually fed fish by hand with bread left over from lunch. You get all you can drink Pina Coladas and Rum Punch as well as soda and water. Lunch is a sandwich buffet which didn't sound all that big of a deal but turned out to be very good. Lots of fixings, everything laid out fresh along with fruit and salad. All of this for $77 per person. I can't say enough about the crew. They were fun, professional, courteous, and worked very hard to make sure everyone had a geat time.Overall our vacation was great. Puerto Rico is more like a carribean island than a 51st U.S. state. Many people speak little or no English and the standard of living is low with some areas we drove through looking very 3rd world. Way to much on this board is made of the hotel's surrounding area being scary unclean or full of Graffiti. The Condado area is clean, seems very safe and the graffiti was limited to buildings that are in the process of being demolished to make way for more luxury property. Overall we found it a very convienient area to be in with much within walking distance and only a 10 min cab ride to the airport. Hope this helps!!  
<Date>May 3, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MedicLawyer
<Content>Great Experience-I was very happy and would go back. Just came back yesterday. As a dad of a 5 and 6 year old, we had a great time. The pool is all about kids- so if you're 25, this is not the place for you.Some comments:-Don't pack anything. The Walgreens is 1 block away and it has everything. Just go buy it there.-Starbucks is across the street, but their coffee is not as strong as here.-It is a resort, so everything is priced accordingly, e.g. a $6 hot dog, but they don't blink and eye when you go get Wendys from 2 blocks away.-I get much better Puerto Rican food in New York compared to Ajili Mojili, but I live on the lower east side, so I'm picky.-The hotel is clean, and the staff is super nice. I don't gamble (I'd lose for sure), so I can't comment on the casino.-I don't know why they would have an italian restaurant in the hotel in SJ- I can get that at home.-It was the cleanest hotel that I have ever stayed in, which must be tough in a tropical climate, kudos to their staff.-They have a self-serve laundry by the game room, and a change machine in the game room.Scot  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BrookefromBrookline
<Content>Needs a lot of updates but great location The hotel is in a great location. You can take the local bus for 25 cents down to Old San Juan or you can walk around the condado area where there are shops and restaurants. Our friends, who are locals, said that the area is perfect for getting around. True, the area is a run down, but they are constructing new hotels along the beach...in a year, it might look really good.Now the hotel itself is very run down. My husband and I got a massage, which was nice, but the spa itself was a huge dissapointment. There were no lockers available (they were available, but the locks on the lockers were broken...that is what they told us) and when I went to rinse off after my massage, the showers were crawling with mildew on the walls and ceiling. My husband told me that the mens locker room was equally as bad if not worse because the toilets were filthy. Not very clean in my opinion.The pool area is nice. There were a lot of kids, but it was easy to find a chair. The shade was great, as the heat is a killer. I think there is bar staff that comes around to take drink orders, but I only saw one person. It appeared that the hotel was very short staffed overall.We got a corner ocean room, it was nice, but I think we could been just as satisfied with an ocean view room. We had access to the concierge level during the day and they were nice there. It was worth getting breakfast there as breakfast in the hotel is really expensive. You might as well save your money for better restaurants outside of the hotel. The maid service is poor. We came back from being out all day to find our room not made up, it was annoying considering we were tired and wanted to take a shower, instead we had to wait for the maid service to clean our room.The hotel could be a great place and hopefully with the renovations, they will upgrade its look inside and out. If you are looking for location in terms of being near the city and near the beach, this is your place. But search for the cheapest deal (rooms are way too overprices), no one should pay a ton of money to stay here. Stay at the Ritz if you want luxury and want to pay a similar price.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kids, Babies and Security Guards       aerial of pool area  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>so bad you feel like you're on punk'd My experience at the Marriott was anything but positive. At certain points we felt like we were being punk'd! It started with check in when we were told they didn't have any non-smoking rooms available (mind you, I'd spoken to reservations the day before to double check that we'd be in a non-smoking double.) Finally, they stuck us in this room overlooking a rusty roof and a starbucks. the air conditioner was broken and kept making this noise that sounded like a lock being picked. click.click.click. our room was muggy.we called downstairs:us: 'hi, can someone please come up and check out the AC?' desk: (loud sigh like we are really inconveniencing him) fineus: thanks!desk: [hangs up]2 guys came up and toodled around with the AC for about 2 minutes. then they said, 'nothing we can do.' i said, 'you mean this is as cool as it gets?' and they said, 'yes.' this turned out to be untrue- the rooms did get cooler. a lot cooler.the bartenders were AWFUL. mean. they glared at u. they helped the men first even if u were next on line.no one wants to help you at this hotel. it's very serve yourself. drag your own lounge chair down to the beach (i saw OLD WOMEN pulling their own chairs while hotel staff watched on) also expect to pay $12 for a beach umbrella. yep. $12. * the hotel needs updating. the lobby is dark and dingy. depressing. OH AND HAPPY HOUR STARTS AT 7PM. very late. drinks are $$$$$$$$. the happy hour is not much of a deal - at all.* front desk- surly. lazy etc. * AVOID MARRIOTT CONDADO  
<Date>Apr 24, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was ok.... My husband and I just got home from the Marriott in San Juan. We only stayed a few days as we were coming home from a cruise and just wanted a short stay in San Juan. I don't know if I would have liked to stay there a week, but for a few days it was perfect. The room was fine, no complaints. This was not an adult resort....there were a ton of kids there, so it's not the most romantic vacation spot. I think we were hitting spring break so maybe it's not always so crowded with kids. There are two pools, both large, however they were both crowded with kids. The pools are nice and large, but are blocked by the hotel during much of the morning, so until noonish, they are in the shade. In the afternoon, the pools do get more sun. The resort is located in a great spot, there is a Starbucks right across the street and Dunkin Donuts, Pizza Hut, Walgreens only a few blocks away. The staff was nice, service was good. Oh and we had a GREAT dinner at the restaurant Tuscany in the hotel. All in all a good experience, would go back. The hotel is going through renovations starting in May 05 through Sept. 05.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Siteseekers
<Content>Marriott Resort Needs A lot of TLC and Quick! We just visited San Juan April 15-20 and stayed at the Marriott. The beach is very nice, the water is beautiful (rough waves). The hotel however is very beat. Everything needs a face lift. The exterior is old and tired. The restaurant to have breakfast has patio furniture that is in need of paint and cleaning. The rooms are small and mediocre at best. The beach staff is in terrible need of help. We attemped to get an umbrella one morning, an ordeal that took almost 2 hours while we burned in the sun. A different story from every employee near the beach why the umbrellas were not available. To add insult to injury, we were charged a Resort Fee of 10 percent of our room charge ($304 plus tax PLUS RESORT FEE 10 Percent). It was obvious from commentary from hotel employees that this is not charged to everyone. This charge is offensive, as I would prefer to pay for any items I need to use. To have a hotel need an exuse to charge more money to use towels for the beach/pool is greedy. The majority of the employees (90 Percent) were very friendly and willing to please. The surrounding buildings of this property are down right frightening. They are vacant/graffiti/falling apart. They truly put a damper on the pretty beach directly behind the hotel. If you have tunnel vision, you'll be fine. There is a nearby restaurant called Ajili-mojili (----). It is an outstanding local restaurant. If you visit this hotel, expect nice weather/great waves/ blue water. If that is what you are expecting and that is all, you should be fine. If you expect your environment to be more upscale and maintained, go to the Ritz Carlton.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolulty Fabulous My family and I stayed at the San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino this past April and found it to be absolutly fabulous. The hotel staff were incredable. There must have been 300-400 of them on duty at all times. They were everywhere to help you in every way; all extremely friendly. The hotel was spotless and I mean spottless. Marble lobby, gorgous rooms and everything was shinning. The pool area was phonominal with a massive pool and a luxerious hot tub. *** Hotel Location *** This hotel is in the best possible locations. It is right in the main strip of Ashford Ave. with all the shops and restarants in walking distance. Other hotels in San Juan I considered staying at (Wyndham, Hilton, Ritz Carlton) are somewhat more seculded and not within walking distance from shops and restarants. Being able to walk to restatants in the area was a major plus for my family. I've stayed at numerous 5 star hotels and this hotel deffinatly gives them competition.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent resort Excellent hotel and people. Just came back from 5 nights at hotel. The entire staff was friendly and professional. Absolutely no complaints about the room, resort, area, etc. All elements of this hotel were excellent. It was windy so the waves at the beach were a bit rough but you were still able to go into the ocean. If the pool is more of your area then you'll enjoy the 2 pools and hot tub. Drinks are a bit pricey but that's not unique to this specific hotel. Weekends have local salsa bands playing with dancing. Very nice and relaxing, safe hotel (not stuffy or overdone). Security presence keep areas safe so you can enjoy your vacation. Starbucks, Walgreens and restaurants all within a short walking distance (2 blocks or less). Hotel restaurants are very good. The surrounding area is very clean, safe and upscale but not snooty. Casino is fun/open 24hrs day and is not intrusive to the hotel. Adults and children alike feel welcomed at this property.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BostonIndian
<Content>Nice Place One word - TOURISTYWe prefer off the beaten path kind of vacations - far from the maddening crowds. If that's what you are looking for... this is not the place.This time however, I had Marriott points to burn, we were done with our 3 nights in Fajardo (for El Yunque), Vieques (for the Biobay) and Hatillo (for the Caverns at Camuy and the Radio Telescope at Arecibo), so I was itching to do the 'stereotypical toursity thing' :)The place is very well managed. The rooms are immaculate, clean and well stocked. The views from the hotel are amazing.There was a latin band playing in the lobby and we tried practising our Salsa and Merengue with the locals and the rest.The casino is small but gets crowded.The beach is conveniently located right behind the hotel. They do check your claim for re-entry into the hotel premises (flashed our room card to the bouncers/guards)The pool is beautiful. The shallow pool is too shallow for adult swimming, and the second pool gets crowded with kids during the afternoons. Nevertheless it's a wonderful place to just hang out, get a tan, catch up on reading, and peoplewatch.The restaurants are good too. They had two buffets - one being the 'healthy choice' and the other being everything.Parking is $14 for a 24 hour period.There's a bus (21B, i think), that runs past the bus stop right outside the hotel for 25c and takes you right into Old San Juan. We however pooled in $2 per person and took a 6 person cab in. It's slightly faster since it doesn't make stops.The airport is about 15 minutes away. If you rent a car and opt to return a full tank, make sure you gas up before you hit the highway that takes you into the airport. We expected to see a gas station right before the rental return, but did not find any. We then opted to get out of the terminal to fill up and return only to get late to check in our luggage (which meant I had to give up my expensive Swiss Army knife that would not have made it through security as carry on luggage :(I digress...The staff at the hotel is helpful and professional.All in all a really well managed place with a ton of amenities - in the room and out (on the hotel premises)However, at $275 a pop, I'll wait a few hundred years and accumulate enough points for another stay in paradise.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>HazMat71
<Content>Very Impressed with the San Juan Marriott Resort  Just returned from a five day stay at the San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino and was very pleased with all aspects of the resort. The staff was wonderful and the concierge service was invaluable. One suggestion is to pay the extra money or if you are a Rewards member get access to the Executive Level Lounge. Very nice and had food and drink most of the day into the evening. We had a deluxe corner oceanfront room which had a king size bed (extremely comfortable) and we requested a roll away which was delivered promptly. The pool is great for kids and spending your whole trip there would not be disappointing. The pool water was comfortable. You did have to move from time to time to chase the sun but this was not a very big issue since tanning is no problem. As a matter of fact be careful of the sun and sun block is highly recomended. The beach is beautiful and the access was great. The undertoe can be dangerous but don't hold your kids back. Just watch them and restrict some of the distance they enter the water. The water is warm and blue. Contruction is all around but was not very noticable and in no way distracted from the resort atmosphere. The locals were very friendly and helpful. Expect pretty slow service in the local restaurants but venture out and taste the local fare. It is delicious. If you have kids get the pizza at Danny's which was delicious and carry out was convenient and cheaper than the hotel which serves a 7-11 type pizza. Go to Walgreen's and buy your bottled water for your stay and liquor/beer in town. Go on the snorkeling trip, visit the rain forest (our tourguide Ed La Joy was excellent! request him if possible) and visit the forts and shop downtown. Cigar Afficionados must go to Don Collins Cigar Shop downtown for some locally grown tobacco cigars which were great after a heavy local meal. The casino is fun and paid for most of the trip. I felt safe in every aspect of our stay. Security is everywhere and we heard of no issues. Downsides- The rooms are a bit dated and wear and tear is present. It is time for some renovation which I understand is coming. The hotel needs to improve their game room to accomodate more kids. Bottom Line- My family is eagerly awaiting the opportunity to return. We saw several other hotels in the area which were as beautiful some even more so but for a family will return to the Marriott.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation at the Marriott We just spent ten days at the Marriott in Condado and had a wonderful time. This is a great place for kids. The hotel is centrally located, the beach is great and our kids loved the waterslide and shallow pool. The staff is friendly and helpful. In fact we lost our digital camera. When I inquired at the front desk, I was advised that security had found a digital camera (which turned out to be ours) the day before and it was subsequently returned to us. We checked out some of the hotels in Isla Verde. The water in Isla Verde appears calmer; however, if you have young children the pools at the Marriott are unbeatable. Miro's is well worth a visit for delicious seafood (it is a short walk from the hotel).  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fmw1035
<Content>A Great Hotel We just returned from a four nite stay @ Marriot. Every thing was great. The pool area was clean and the water not cold at all. The slide is so much fun. Fri Sat Sun their was a steel band poolside. The were activities scheduled for the kids- arts  crafts, cake decorating.. There was bingo for adults. and a scheduled pool game for teens. The pool always has a volleyball or basket ball game going on. If you want to just swim there was not much room for that.The beach was public and clean. Staff was always there to help get a chair or drink for you. Yes there is a lot of construction around hotel, but the only sound I heard sitting @ beach was crashing waves and a faint sound of the steel band. The water is rough but my teenage sons had a great time body surfing. The lobby was so lively. It was great. If you are looking for quiet relaxing time the lobby was not the place to go.We had breakfeast @ the hotel. It was a buffet and was very good. On Sat when the hotel was busy, they had two seperate buffet areas set up and used the tables near the bar to accomodate everyone. I was immpressed how they accomodated the amount of people that were there for breakfast. Lunch poolside was also good. Service was good and food was good. Dinner we had out everynite. We went to Yuerba's for carribean food. The food was very good, but the service was beyond slow. We waited twoo hours after ordering our dinner.( I know it was a busy weekend, but that was slow even for Island time).  The rooms were great. We had two ocenfront rooms. It was fantastic to sit on the balcony and listen to the ocean. The rooms were very clean. One day they left fresh fruit and other nites left chocolate. The staff was very friendly. Security is always around. The only thing that was annoying was following the sun. The buildings block the sun as it moves. You are constantly moving your chair to either stay in the shade or to keep in the sun.Althoughj we don't snorkel we went on an all day snorkling trip on the advice of the tour desk. She was so right!! You sail out about 45 minutes to the most beautiful beahc ever. You can snorkel, or go off the slide on the back of the boat, or swim or just relax on the boat. They serve a coldcut lunch and pina colada's , soda and rum punch. They had a glass bottom on one side of the boat, so even though we didn't snorkl;e we got to see some great tropical fish..There is a lot of construction going on and graffitti around. This had absolutley no effect on this trip at all..The Marriot really is a class act!!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Viqko
<Content>San Juan- Imagine having Vegas,SouthBeach,  Just returned from San Juan 2 days ago (March 23) and stayed at the Marriot in Condado and I am missing it terribly!!! The people there are so friendly it is unreal. If they were that nice in the states they would be taken advantage of in about 2.3 seconds to say the least. My friends and I made friends with some locals the first day we arrived and hung out with them every day we were there. They showed us their puerto rico which was the best experience. We partied all night and afterwards went to the beach to watch the sun come up almost every day. Oooh and I also learned a new drink receipe called Lemoncillo. The spelling may not be right but its water, bacardi 151, and crystal light. You do not taste the 151 and its sooooo good but it can sneak up on you if your not careful.Here is a a quick guide to the nightlife: Thursdays: Babylon/MooringsFriday's: Babylon / 360 / Element / Senor Frogs/ Outside bar next to Condado Plaza/MooringsSaturday's: Babylon/ Ochos de Blanco/ MooringsSunday's: Lupi's / LazerMonday: stay in not much to do besides have a nice dinner and drinkTuesday's: Senor FrogsGreat Place to Eat: City Grill in Old San Juan ( 311 Recinto Sur Street) It's fairly new but the food is amazing it just melts in your mouth. Plus our waiters ( Luis  George ) were friendly, cute, funny and spoke english. I had the tequila steak which I am still drooling over.Island You HAVE TO VISIT: CULEBRA....to get to culebra you have to drive or take a taxi to Fajardo which is about an hour drive from San Juan and take a ferry there which cost $2.25. Reserve a hotel b4 you arrive unless you are camping out on Playa Flamenco. The white sand and crystal blue water along with the views are gorgeous. Old San Juan: Everyone just strolls the boardwalk and streets at night on the weekends. There is so much to do that Next time I go I will definately stay longer than 7 days and brush up on my Spanish because not many people speak english once you leave the hotel. Viva La Puerto Rico!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>San Juan and the Marriott Stellaris great for whole family! We just got back from San Juan's Marriott Stellaris Hotel and Casino. We had a great stay! The kids loved the pool and, when ready, were able to change direction toward the beach, which was just steps away (watch the little ones in the undertoe!). Most kids just want to swim so the Marriott was a great choice. A great slide at the pool and a midday, staff-run kid activity poolside as well (cookie decorating, arts and crafts). Head down the street (to the left of hotel) to Danny's for a cheap and wonderful breakfast alternative to the hotel. Go a little farther down the street to a convenient store to replenish your mini-bar cheaply! San Juan is a big city so expect big-city activity (traffic on Saturday night, a beggar here and there, and fast-food chains). I thought the streets where impeccably clean. And yes, there are some hotels under construction in the area. But none of that disturbed our stay in the least. Do your best to seek out the local food. While not for waistwatchers, the local cuisine is delicious. Pamela's at the Numero Uno guest house was a superior upscale dining experience that was also grade-school-age kid friendly. Ajili Mojili was also excellent for getting a superbly prepared Puerto Rican meal. Parrot Club somewhat disappointing (couldn't talk over music).  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>uphishy2me
<Content>Had a great time My best friend and I stayed for seven days, March 12-19 and had a great time. Stayed at the suite, 3rd floor and could not hear the legendary noise on salsa nights. Ocean front view was amazing. Friday and Saturday great live Salsa bands, locals and guests alike mingle and dance. Casino was not my thing, but did visit once, seemed like a busy place. Staff was very friendly and helpfull. Christian Nieves the front desk supervisor was much more than bargained for, attentive and just plain wonderfull. Took the bus to Old San Juan and had a blast just walking around and window shopping. Don't miss the Butterfly People on Cruz Street. Butterflies from all over the world on display, available for purchase too. Saw the Camuy caves, don't miss it, but rent your own car and drive. Will save a lot of time. The weather was just right, breezy, in the upper 80's...can't go wrong. Hotel beach was relaxing..chairs will be carried to any spot you like by staff...can't swim deep if you are not a good swimmer. Powerfull undertone, huge waves but lots of fun if you stay close to shore. The pool was OK, small to my liking but clear and clean water. Finding a spot in the sun can be tricky. Water never too cold, just right. Breakfast was ok, rest of the time we ate out. Tijuanas, and Italian place next door was great. Miro's not worth the $$ in my opinion. For evenings, right across the street is nice hangout, or all along Ashfor Ave., places to sit outside and have a coctail or cold beer. For clubbing you can go to Babylon at the Wyndham (Thursday nights really, really young crowd), for more mature atmosphere check out the Water Club wet bar on roof (amazing view) and plush white leather couches, and the club on first floor. A relaxed local pool bar is across the street from Mariott to the right, called the Video Bar, had a really good time. The only thing I can complain about is the annoying habit of housekeeping walking in without knocking at diff. times of day, but.... will definitely be back.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Choice for Condado If you're staying in the Condado -- there is probably no better choice of hotel than the Marriott. I've been visiting PR for 20 years now and one has to pick your location carefully. Old San Juan? Isla Verde? Condado? It all depends what you're looking for. My partner and I prefer Condado these days for several reasons. First, there is plenty to do in the Condado area including the beach, restaurants, nightlife, casinos, etc. It's close to the old city (closer than Isla Verde) and unlike Isla Verde there are places to walk around. (Condado is also walking distance to the better beaches in Ocean Park).The Marriott itself is a fine hotel with all the amenities you would expect from a first class resort hotel. Try to upgrade to a corner room and you will never forget this hotel -- huge windows, sweeping views, breakfast on the balcony -- it's always a great way to start the day. The place is generally very clean, the staff is professional, the food is fine (but there are plenty of places to eat nearby) and overall the hotel is a good value.Unlike other hotels in the Condado, the Marriott has a great little beach right outside the door (be careful of the strong waves) with attentive beach staff that bring you chairs and drinks. There is a gay beach just a couple hundred yards away for those so inclined. For a Condado vacation -- this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jppalooza
<Content>Good if you don't want to sleep or be in your room My husband and I stayed here from March 4-9. Let me preface this review stating that we are very frequent travelers (me staying in a hotel around 30 nights/year and my husband about 150 nights/year) and have stayed at a variety of hotels, including 4 and 5 star resorts in Hawaii, Scottsdale, Venice and Puerto Vallarta. We chose the Marriott because 1) it had good reviews 2)it was on the beach and 3) we had Marriott Rewards that could get us 2 nights free stay at this particular hotel. This hotel was not worth it. The room was very small. I called to get another room, they said the hotel was booked for the entire length of our stay. The room next door must have had it's plumbing in our walls because every morning we woke up to a loud (let's put that airplane flying over your house looud) percolator type of noise in our room. Again, hotel was booked, so no way to change rooms. If you must stay here, specifically request not room 622, or any room on the 6th floor or lower if you stay there on Fri, Sat or Sun and you want a quiet room before 3am. Hotel overall clean, but not extravagently clean. Service was poor, no one really cared that we were guests at their hotel. Pools were OK, slide was fun. Hot tub is not hot, but pleasantly warm. They will carry beach chairs to the beach for you (for free and chairs are free) but the umbrellas others rented were $12/day. Ocean was nice. Food and drinks are expensive as are normal at hotels. We ate a La Vista basically every day for breakfast which is a typical hotel cafeteria. Needs an update to be a 4 or 5 star resort. Had a massage, and it was OK, but the spa is not really a spa it is cheap massage tables in rooms in the basement of the hotel with the fitness center. Fitness center very nice....use this. Nice location of the hotel on the beach and plenty of things in walking distance and has a bus stop in front to get to Old San Juan which I recommend. Casino OK. Overall, stay elsewhere unless you like to be outside on the beach like we do.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very enjoyable learning experience... I just got back fron Puerto Rico on March 6 and I had a wonderful time. I stayed for 6 nights and went with my husband. Being from New York City the graffiti didnt bother me that much. The graffiti was on other property anyway. Ther is construction all over San Juan but if you think about it there is alot of construction in Times Square too, so I didnt let it bother me. The water slide was extremely fun and I was one of the few adults who kept trying it! For those complaining of the cold pool there is a perfectly good hot tub spa area almost like a jacuzzi and is very relaxing. I used it myself when the sun went down. The beach was very enjoyable and the hotel provides you with the towels and beach chairs. I got a very good tan. The waves were pretty strong for children but they were good for me it was very fun! As for the learning part of my vacation... We went to the tour desk of the hotel and bought two tours. One to El Yunque rainforest and one to go snorkeling in Ikakos island. The rainforest tour guide YOGI was extremely informative (ask 4 him he looks a little nuts but is very smart and sweet!) I learned about the endangered puerto rican parrot (there were lots of fake nests all over the forest to try to help them reproduce no luck yet:( Also I learned about all kinds of plants and the different uses that the Taino indians gave to them. The ride up to the rainforest was nice too. You get to see all the locals going about there business and up the mountains you get to see bulls, horses, cows and plenty of roosters. Snorkeling was a blast! I saw a beautiful white fish on the shore (I was to chicken to go deep) My husband did though and he was very impressed with the variety of fish he saw. The best part of that was the whales that we saw on our way over there it was astonishing(also very rare to see). El Morro in Old San Juan was very enjoyable to me I learned alot about the history of my country. It's like a museum. The area surroundng the hotel is very busy but I like that. I went to some expensive restuarants like Ajili Mojili (a short walk east of the hotel) the food was o.k. Then I went to a very cheap restuarant called the Godfather and the food was excellent! The hotel was great so whether youre gonna be in the hotel all day or on and about all day I think the Marriott is a very good and safe choice. Even if the hotel is not of your liking I'm sure you'll find something interesting to do in Puerto Rico. Like the night club Babylon which is very popular if thats your thing. For the younger crowd there is Club Luxor. Also, for shopaholics like me there is Plaza Las Americas which was heaven. It's one of the largest malls in all the carribean. It was fantastic. I didnt give the hotel a perfect rating because I'm sure that it's not the best but it's pretty close. Whatever you do dont let anything get you down be open and enjoy. That's what youre going on vacation for right?P.S Be sure to try some typical fried foods of Puerto Rico like Alcapurrias or Relleno de Papa if u dont mind gaing a couple extra pounds!!! ENJOY!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great My family stayed on Feb 11 the night before our cruise.We had 4 rooms between us.Service was great. Rooms very nice I had an ocean view while others in my party had partial ocean view, both very nice. Tuscanywas wonderful. We had a private room off the of pool for my group of 13. Breakfast buffet is a must it was worth the 20.00 for the variety and freshness of the fruit breads and everything.Activities for children good. They have an activies board set up in the morning listing what's available throughout the day.I found they very Kid friendlyStaff very kind and helpful Close to everything. I even won in the casinoA MUST STAY!!!!!!*********************************  
<Date>Mar 2, 2005
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above average Marriot. Stayed 4 days after Christmas. Kids loved pool and beach. Crowded so get to beach and pool early to reserve seats. Breakfast was solid. Staff friendly and service above average. Request a high floor to avoid lobby noise. All in all a very good experience  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lew829
<Content>Good Hotel - Not Great My wife and I together with our 18 year old son returned to New York from our 6 night stay in San Juan. We chose the Marriot because it wasthe only hotel available for this last minute vacation. The San JuanMarriot gets a 3.5 rating(out of 5.0). The best thing about this hotel is the staff. The Concierge staff was outstanding. They sent us to TheVineyard at the Ritz Carlton and the La Picatta Fontana at the El San Juanfor the best meals. The room was ordinary and the beds were reallybad(soft). I am the type of person who likes to do laps in the pool. Notin the pools at the Marriot. The pools are for little kids. I ended up in the ocean. The beach was very nice and the beach bar was great. TheCasino was not great and smelled of smoke. Marriot needs to do somethingabout that. We spent a lot of money taking cabs to the other Casinos likethe Ritz Carlton and the El San Juan. The Condado area is OK with someinteresting local eating spots. Yes, there is construction but no problem.My 18 year old son had a great time. He hooked up with other young people staying at the Marriot. Senor Frog was great. Next time, I wouldstay at the Ritz or Inter-Continental.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Place to Stay My boyfriend and I just returned from Puerto Rico and stayed at the San Juan Marriot Resort. We took a red-eye flight from NY and arrived at the hotel around 2:30 am. Upon checking in we were disappointed to discover that the hotel did not have the room we had initially paid for through our travel agent (who is a close personal friend...so I know she booked it properly). We had paid for an ocean/pool view room with a king bed, and instead got a ocean/pool room with two full beds. Of course we were unhappy so upon speaking with the hotel management we were offered a city view room (which is NOT much to look at) with a King size bed or the option to stay where we were. Not much of a choice! I felt that the hotel was not overly accomodating and did not even offer any sort of compesation for the inconvience. I instead insisted we be compensated and so they eventually offered us a free breakfast on the hotel which was not much to write home about! After much deliberation we were guaranteed the correct room the next morning, but it wasnt without me being somewhat pushy to get what we were entitled to. However, after our room switch the next morning the rest of our stay was quite enjoyable. We were placed on the 15th floor and the view was INCREDIBLE. Every night I sat out on the balcony from our room and just enjoyed listening to the waves crash and the clean night breeze. As for the hotel staff, I overall felt that they were not completely accomodating, but were helpful when questions needed to be answered (be aware that they do sometimes give falsified information IE: bus times and schedules). While there we ate at a few local restaurants and ventured over to the Wyndham hotel to check our the casino there (which is quite a step up from the Marriot). We did eat at Tuscany (in the Marriot) which was good food and good service (lots of seafood). I will definitely return to Puerto Rico in years to come...whether I stay at the Marriot is another question. I wouldn't shy away from staying there (esp with the private beach and nice pool), but would just be aware of the things I mentioned. If you stay there have a great time!Hope this helps! PS...As a plus I will say that everything was VERY clean.....  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not great 2/25/05 Just returned from the hotel today. The hotel Lobby is unbearable at night. The live bands they have are soo loud you cannot hear yourself think. There is not one place you can go to escape the pounding of the music. Not even small seating areas scattered about. The outside of the building where the beach is located is all under construction. There is graffiti on the adjacent buildings. The buildings that surround the Marriot are all under heavy construction. While on the beach you can watch the crane move heavy pieces of metal around. The staff is okay if you do not ask for anything too complicated. Most of the time they just smile and say yes no matter what you are asking. The staff is generally nice and are trying to please. The food prices are ok, and the food is just ok. There is not a lot for kids to do. At night there is actualy nothing for them to do. It's probably a two star property. If you look close at the details they are just ok. IE:Cracked marble pieces, shower stall with rusted hadnles to the shower, moldings by elevators that are broken, carpet with stains, etc..  
<Date>Feb 26, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>escapade4
<Content>Overall A Great Hotel We stayed at the Marriott for 2 nights pre-cruise. The room was nice (but not amazing) with a spectacular view of the beach. The hotel was a lot of fun. The casino was great, and the salsa in the hotel lobby was very entertaining. Overall the service was very good too. My one complaint is with the service in the restaurant. It was really terrible! We sat one day for nearly 10 minutes before someone greeted us. They should do something to improve service there. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dreamcycle
<Content>Nice Vacation Went in january. Hotel was nice. Outside to the left and rifght there not a lot, except some local stores, there is a Starbucks, Walgrens etc., a lot of graffitti all over the place. We liked Tijuannas Mexican restaurant to the left of the hotel down a block and there is a pizza place next to it that was good. The rain forest and the fort werent much as far as I was concerned and old juan didnt see anything good about that trip either, the cruise ships dock there and its run down, of age I guess, but again a lot of graffitti all over !  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Island_Hopper
<Content>Good Experience at the Marriott       But the view was still pretty nice  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GolfWidow
<Content>Good place for kids My husband and 9 year old daughter just got back from a trip to the San Juan Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino. It was a nice hotel but if we went back I think we would stay somewhere else. (The InterContinental San Juan Resort  Casino, or the Wyndham El San Juan Hotel  Casino 鈥?they seemed like much nicer hotels for the same $$).The hotel was nice and clean and the staff was couteous and helpful. However the hotel is right in the middle of town, on a very busy street. It did not have a real resort feel to it. However, it was very nice to be able to walk a block to Pizza Hut and Walgreens.We stayed on the first floor overlooking the pool area which I liked a lot since we could get to and from the pool very quickly. I read a number of comments on here before we went about the cold pool and how much of the area was shaded by the hotel. This is true but the sun does shift and there is still plenty of places to sit in the sun the entire day 鈥?you just sometimes had to move a little. I was a little disappointed that the chairs did not have cushions and there were no umbrellas for shade when lying out (being a very fair skinned girl I like to have an umbrella to use in the sun). Although the pool was cold it was refreshing and definitely something you could get used to.The best part of the pool was the slide 鈥?my daughter LOVED it and spend hours going down it each day. I think because of the slide there were a LOT of children at this hotel. We liked that since daughter met a group of little girls to play with and had a blast running around with them each day. However, if it were just my husband and myself I think I would have thought the pool area to be a little loud and hectic and not very relaxing due to the noise of children playing and running around - but as a parent 鈥?it was perfect!The beach was nice but every day there was a red flag up and we were unable to swim in the water. But one day we did go jet skiing at a place on the beach in front of the Wyndham El San Juan and we got to swing there 鈥搕he water was beautiful and the jet skiing was a lot of fun and I would recommend it.In general the hotel was nice and for a family vacation it was perfect becaue there were some many other families there.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MATYJO112880
<Content>loved the marriott my best friend and i stayed @ the marriott last summer and i have 2 say that the room was great. the service was wonderful, the beach was very nice, but the casino was OFF THE HOOK. lol. if you are going to relax, and don't want 2 do the party scene, then this is the place for you. but if you are looking for something more wild, then you should stay else where. you should definetely eat outside of the hotel. step out of your shell and into the town. Cafe Angels is right down the block and the food is incredible. it's inexpensive and the staff is more than friendly.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice Very nice room, ocean view. Pleased with the rate. On site Restaurant a bit pricey but location great for walking to local restaurants. Close to San Juan by public bus. Good area for sight seeing. Beautiful pool. Nice beach, very strong undertoe even on a windless clear day. Overall, pretty happy with hotel and facilities. Would definately stay here again.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mpierce06
<Content>No regrets, but will stay elsewhere next time We were married sisters on a short vacation, stayed 5 nights. Room was nice, clean, and interesting view (16th floor) of both ocean and city. Yes, there is a lot of construction - but it's everywhere, not just around the Marriott. We enjoyed the 15 minutes/25-cent bus ride to Old San Juan, and you can board just one block from the hotel. The hotel seemed more appropriate for business travelers, and is definitely not where you want to be for a beach vacation - I would go out of town (Luquillo beach was beautiful) for that. Since we wanted to sightsee, we found the location to be fine, but there were several boutique hotels in the same area, for 1/3 the price, and including breakfast. The beach is public and easily accessed from anwhere along Ashford Ave, and you can rent a beach chair for $2. We chose Marriott since this was our first time to Puerto Rico, but now I know I can get good value for much less cost. You are paying for lobby entertainment, access to casino, and on-site restaurants. We only ate at the hotel once, for breakfast. There are great restaurants within walking distance - our favorite was the Waikiki, about 5 blocks west.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel but see comments Just got back from 3 days at the San Juan marriot and Casino in Condado Beach area. The hotel is very nice and the staff more than friendly and helpful, room was great, on 16th floor, oceanfront, nice shampoo's etc, lots of towels, mini bar, coffee maker, safe, hair dryer and nice comforters and sheets. The beach is clean but the waves were very rough, couldnt swim, red flag out every day. Plenty of sun one day, rained the other 2 days but warm, in 80's. The pool is not heated. This hotel is very nice but along the strip there is nothning but construction and buildings with graffitti all over, same with old San Juan, graffatti all over and looked really run down, I know its old but so are a lot of places I have been. Went to to the fort in old juan, I didnt think it was worth the trip, but my opinion. We ate breakfast and lunch 2 days at the hotel, not great but ok. Pool bar has some eats and good drinks, gets busy in mid day, 2 outside pool bars/grills and one hotel bar in the lobby. We also ate across the street, to the left and down about a block, a Mexican place called Tijuanas, great margaritas and can eat outside, also a pizza place right next to it which was good and also could eat outside.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Off The Chain I stayed at this hotel last year for 5 days. It was a great experience. The hotel is awesome. The location is great. And I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. If you are looking for a great vacation get away, you will love this oasis. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunstarsun
<Content>Hotel nice but area less than desirable Stayed for 1 night since our flight was delayed. $295/night is excessive for this hotel. The lobby was pretty as was the pool area. The beach is wide enough to spread out however, if you like to walk along the beach, there are many eyesores to be seen. The strip of beach the hotel is on is really dumpy. Buildings are being razed, construction is going on and there are some areas I would not walk by alone. A little seedy to say the least. The hotel staff was very friendly. The room was nice but smelled of smoke. Food was good, beers are $5 each was ridiculous. There are restaurants along the main road which is nice. I would only recommend this hotel/area for a couple of days.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Nice Place to Stay We recently chose San Juan as a 4-day vacation spot to escape the freezing temperatures on the East Coast. We wanted the warmest weather with the shortest travel time, so we chose San Juan and stayed at the Marriott. That said, we were not disappointed, but we were not thrilled either. Everything was nice, but nothing was exceptional. However, we were so glad to be in such beautiful weather, it makes it hard to complain. The pool was nice, but yes, much of it is in the shade. The beach was nice, and they have an attendant who will strategically place your lounge chair so that you are in the sun (if you want to be). We ate at the poolside restaurant for breakfast and lunch. The food was good, not outstanding. A bit pricey, but that's what we expect when we go to a resort. The service was at times pretty bad (slow, brought wrong food, forgot items, etc.), but that doesn't bother us a whole lot because we're not in a hurry to get anywhere--we're just relaxing. One concierge was very helpful in suggesting local restaurants within walking distance (another concierge in training was pretty clueless). We tried a seafood restaurant called Miro--it was very good--better than the hotel restaurants. We liked the casino and the band, but older people may find the band too loud. My husband likes to gamble, and he thought the casino was great. Also--our room was nice, but nothing exceptional. We've definitely stayed in nicer resorts, but we did enjoy our stay at the Marriott--we just weren't blown away. I think we got what we were expecting, based on previous reviews. When the weather is so glorious, it's hard not to enjoy yourself!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snowbirds2
<Content>Marriott lived up to its reputation We had a great experience at the Marriott for our January trip. Thanks to the previous travelers for your tips like the 25 cent bus ride to Old San Juan. Some complained about the building shadows on parts of the beach, but it was nice to enjoy the beach surf without worrying about being burned to a crisp! We were on the 7th floor and could faintly hear the Salsa music in the lobby area so no big deal. Instead of the $90 for hotel bus trip to Yunque Rainforest for two, we got a rental car from OCharleys for one day for $28 and drove there ourselves. OCharleys is about 10 blocks toward Old San Juan on Ashford St near Chilis. I would not suggest driving to other tourist attractions in San Juan city as streets are poorly marked and traffic is horrendous. I would also suggest taking a small back pack for water bottles, rain gear, etc. Most wives do not like their purses to be used as a carry all!  If you want something cheaper for a hotel but yet clean and safe- try the Holiday Inn Express nearby. They also offer a free continental breakfast.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was a dream come true! We just spent a FANTASTIC week at the Marriott in Condado and it offered almost every single thing I could have asked for!The service was exceptional...very friendly and helpful as well. The rooms were nice and clean with unbelievable beautiful views!The Awesome live nightly bands in the the lobby were just too good to be true!Now.. the beaches..with the large waves - it makes for the the greatest fun for for body surfing. We laughed so much from the excitement of it all.Their food was outstanding. The area was perfect walking distace to so many things. We will definately be back again and again and tell all our family and friends about the wonderful time that we had so hopefully they can experience the pleasure that we had!We were lucky enough to be there on New Years Eve and they organized the celebration in a very safe, fun and memorable way!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelLover
<Content>Loved the San Juan Marriott We stayed at the Marriott Dec 17-19 for a precruise stay. We absolutely loved it! We paid $175 per night which included a full breakfast buffet for two each morning. The buffet was VERY good, but then again typical of Marriott breakfast buffets with the addition of excellent local tropical fruits. We had our breakfast each morning outside right next to the beach. . .had a wonderful view of the ocean. Our room was clean without any musty, moldy smell whatsoever. We were put in a cityview room (the hotel was completely booked so no upgrade) but on the eighteenth floor. When we stepped out onto our balcony we had a beautiful view of the ocean and beach! The balcony was fairly large with two lounge chairs and a table. It was glorious to have our coffee out on the balcony before heading down to the buffet.The staff were extremely friendly and helpful with tips on where to eat, where to buy bottled water etc. and how to get to Old San Juan inexpensively. We took the public transportation bus for 25 cents each. The bus stop was a half a block from the hotel and we were told that it ran every 30 minutes. We never waited more than 10 minutes. The bus took us down to a central bus terminal and then we hopped on a free trolley that took us around Old San Juan. We rode this a while to get our bearings. . .then got out and walked around. We walked on the Princessa (a beautiful pedestrian walkway that goes along the wall of the city). We also walked to El Morro (fort) which had beautiful views.The beach was very nice and clean. The ocean was very warm. . .I agree with a previous poster that it seemed to be warmer than the pool. My daughter (and husband) loved the water slide. They do have a beautiful hot tub which also had a waterfall flowing into it. . .of warm water. . .felt wonderful. They also had many poolside activities for kids and adults.Many people have commented on the noise in the lobby. I didn't find it excessive at all. It was great latin music which could only be heard in the lobby area itself. They also had a wonderful steel drum band by the pool. We had a great time recognizing traditional Christmas carols with a caribbean flair!In the Condado area, there were many restaurants and shops within walking distance, both local restaurants and chains such as Starbucks, Dunkin Donuts, Chilis, etc.We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just okay place to stay Arrived at the casino on 12/31/04 and stayed till 1/5/05the hotel and area were just okay. From another post I read I do agree about the pool being unheated and the sun was being blocked by the main hotel. The swim up bar had little to offer in atmosphere. If you sat in the pool at the bar you were staring at a blank wall that seperated you from the much higher people sitting on the other outside of the pool bar. The beach is only about 4 blocks long before you come to rocks at each end to block any further walking and the beach area is full of empty buildings either being torn down or should be (with grafitti and broken windows included). During our stay no problem with lounge chairs though. There are a few nice stores and restraunts but not as much as we thought would be. This is a good spot if you basically plop on a beach or pool, not a big partier and only want a couple of tables for gambling. There is no water activities to be seen. The pool area closes at 6pm and the disco had no live music on sun. or mon. nites.No tv's in lobby lounge and the ones located in the casino bar were working but you couldn't sit at that bar sometimes after 12am but it was still open as a service bar (tells me they want your gambling $$ only) We checked out the Wyndham Condado and was much more impressed with the pool and casino there which the security guard informed us was open 24 -7 (sorry not the pool BAR though). If you really want a party spot with clubs, 2 lobby bars, and well known restraunts with great pool area check out the San Juan hotel and casino in Isla Verde it's only about 15 minutes by cab from Cando but definatley appeared to be a better area from what we could tell about the night we visted. Another spot from Condado by a 45-60 minute cab ride (car much cheaper) is the Wyndham El Conquistador it is closer to the rain forrest , has it's own island for the guests and is a beautiful resort also Much closer to bio bay area. Again if all you want is to see old san juan and not do much else the Mariott is just okay and especially just for one or two nights after a cruise.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>newenglander
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This hotel is wonderful! The views from your balcony are just spectacular. At night, you can see the lights from the cruise ships sailing along the ocean. The hotel has different bands play at night by the pool. You can sit on your balcony and listen as well as dance. The pool area is great. They have a water slide which was perfect for the kids. They also offer kids activities on the upper deck at different times during the day. Eva ran them all and my kids absolutly loved it. The beach was nice. The undertoe in the ocean is extremly strong, so not good for younger children. The sun is also strong, so you burn very easily out there. The noise from the lobby cannot be heard from your rooms at all. The hotel rooms are average, but again the view cannot be passed up. Turn down service was very slow, and maidservice was so-so. On one of the days we took a trip to Old San Juan. There is a bus stop one block from the hotel. It's only 25c. The bus does only come about every 50 min or so, though. We had dinner at Tiujana's twice. That restaurant is the best! The prices are also very reasonable. Great mexican food; burritos, tacos, enchaladas, margaritas. The waters and waitresses are extremly friendly and nice and all speak wonderful english. For lunch, we chose not to eat at the poolside cafe. Way too expenisve for a dumb burger. There are a Burger King, Wendy's, Subway, etc two blocks from the hotel. For breakfast we ate at Dunkin Donuts a couple blocks away from the hotel. We also went to a local market and bought some food which we kept in our room, while buying water at the Walgreens. We ate at Senor Frogs in Old San Juan one night because they were advertising everywhere, tourists had t-shirts on from there, and locals told us how great it was. We hated it. It was very much a local hangout. They had beer drinking competions and the food was simply burgers and frys. They also give you balloon hats to wear. The streets are not bad at all, and we did not experience any beggers along the streets anywhere, nor did we witness any animal cruelty. All locals are pretty nice, and most speek enough English to understand. I personally think San Juan is a gorgeous place to vacation and would definitly will come back to the San Juan Marriott.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Experience! We stayed at this wonderful hotel for only one night (December 3, 2004) prior to a cruise, but we hope to go back again. The staff was friendly and helpful, especially when my sister-in-law reported her purse missing (it was recovered intact from the taxi where she had left it). Though we had booked city view, we were upgraded to ocean/pool view in a very secure wing. The rooms were clean, attractive, and comfortable (very good beds). With the high cost of accommodations in San Juan, the $175.00 per night we paid, which included a full buffet breakfast, was a good value. I booked directly with Marriott. We could have gotten a lower nonrefundable rate of $144.00 without breakfast, but decided against it. There is a friendly bar in the center of the lobby and a coffee shop (though there's also a Starbucks right across the street). The restaurant on the premises, Tuscany, is superb! We felt that the dinner we had was reasonably priced for food of such high quality. In fact, the pasta with lobster dish two of us chose was better than anything we had on our cruise--though the cruise line is well known for its cuisine. The casino is small and we didn't spend much time in it--we don't like smoky places. The grounds, pool, and beach are nice, and the Condado location is safe and convenient. The day we arrived, they had a special pre-Christmas festival, which the hotel participated in with a local church. It was a nice way to meet the locals. On the day of our cruise, the bell captain secured our luggage for us after checkout so that we could do some sightseeing before embarkation. I can see why the Marriott Resort is rated so highly, and concur with most of the other reviews I've read!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel; Not enough sun Just returned from a 5 night stay. The location is great... There are stores and restaurants within walking distance... Short cab ride to the old city or to a large modern mall with multiplex movies. The hotel is right on the ocean. The beach area is somewhat small but the ocean is warm and clean enough to swim in. We usually book oceanfront rooms, but took oceanview this time to save a few $$'s. We were pleasantly surprised at the fabulous, unobstructed ocean view we had in this room category (we were sixth floor in the Cabana wing). Rooms are a little in need of upgrading, but nothing horrific. The hotel service was excellent, particularly in the restaurants. Two things I can't believe no one else has mentioned, though... and maybe it is unique to this time of year... but, there is little to no sun around the pools... AND... the pools are NOT heated. The ocean was warmer to swim in. Also, the tall main hotel building BLOCKS OUT THE SUN ON THE BEACH as well. If you want sun on the beach, you need to sit to the left of the hotel or to the right.... and, you will need to keep moving your chair to stay in the sun (a nuisance!).All in all, we had an okay time (...beat snow in NY!!!), but we will undoubtedly stay somewhere else if/when we choose to vacation in Puerto Rico again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter1973
<Content>Great getaway hotel We'll definitely return to the Mariott, not for a luxurious vacation, but as a great place to crash for a long weekend. The hotel was booked solid the week between Christmas and New Year's Eve. It was rare for a seat to open up at the casino tables and the beach was so crowded that the lounge chairs were, at times, no farther than two feet apart from each other. The fitness center (smallish, with about 9 operating cardio machines) was also very busy and the lines at the breakfast buffet were slow. Also, there's a lot of construction going on in the Condado area. The adjacent lot of the Mariott beachfront had an operating crane, which compromises the view. That said, the service was friendly (leaving fresh fruit and wine at turndown service), the food at the Tuscany was excellent and reasonably priced. I look forward to returning when it's less crowded. These relatively minor quips didn't keep me from having a great week. One more point: An earlier review suggested that there aren't shops and restaurants in walking distance. This is not true at all.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Are we all talking about the same place? After reading some of the last reviews I felt like we weren't even talking about the same hotel. We spent 3 wonderful days here in early Dec. The service was great. Everyone was friendly. Our room was very nice. On the 20th floor with a beautiful view. The bed and pillows were comfortable. The food was good. Not gormet but I didn't go expecting that. We had no problems with finding pool chairs even after 8:00am and we found the beach to be nicer than expected. As far as the Disco in the lobby, yes there are Latin bands that play. We found them to be very good. A fact proved by the Locals that came to hear them play. Last time I checked Locals were allowed to frequent the same places that guests in their country do. Its also very unusual to hear live bands play without paying a cover charge. The two drink minimum, which in our case was not enforced, was merely to compensate for no cover charge. Since the drinks were not priced any more expensive than a drink in any bar, pub, or restaurant in the states, we thought that was very fair. There are many other restaurants and bars within walking distance if you wanted to go some where else. That makes Condado a great area to stay in. In fact we had friends staying at the Ritz Carlton who paid double what we paid and did not like their room very much. Just goes to show different strokes for different folks.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShiftsGood
<Content>Great Hotel We spent two wonderful nights at the San Juan Marriott Resort in Condado. The service was excellent and the food very good. We would most definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EasilyAmused
<Content>Beware the Lobby Disco We spent 3 nights at the Marriott over Thanksgiving, before finallly giving up and moving over to the Ritz. The overall experience wasn't awful but it definitely wasn't what we were looking for. Granted the hotel was at capacity over the holiday weekend, but despite the signs all over the pool area stating that lounge chairs could not be reserved, if you didn't get to the pool by 8AM there was nothing left but shady spots (which is more than half the pool area.) The children's pool is fantastic, but larger than the adult pool which wasn't all that inviting, what with a tattered volley ball net strung across the width of the pool.Service was friendly and efficient; better than we had expected. But I found it really annoying that at 4PM daily, small signs were placed on every table in the lobby announcing a two drink minimum per person. Every evening the lobby became a bustling discotheque. The noise was deafening. There really wasn't anywhere to go and have a drink at night other than the lobby disco, an obvious cash cow for the hotel which attracts many more locals than hotel guests. The disco seemed to go until about 4 in the morning.Food was average. Nothing to write home about, but not terribly expensive. We mainly ate breakfast there and the service was very good. Poolside lunch was subpar; mainly airport quality sandwiches and burgers.The beach was littered with cigarette butts and fast food debris and not all that inviting.Rooms were a bit tired and generally bland. Beggars can't be choosers over a holiday weekend so we made the best of it until we could move over to the Ritz Carlton. If you're looking to party all night, this might be the place for you. But for a relaxing weekend get away it's not so hot.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Loud! My only problem with this hotel was the noise level. We were on the 7th floor and heard the salsa band in the lobby until 3 am. This is definitely a party place. Otherwise the room was a typical Marriott, and dinner at the hotels restaurants was much better than many other hotels.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ron41
<Content>Loved the Marriot My wife and I just stayed at the Marriot. We loved the Hotel. It was in a great location as there were many stores and restaurants in walking distance. The beach was very nice and the service excellent. We had no complaints and we can't wait to go back there again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DonnaE
<Content>Mediocre Marriott Not great by Marriott's standards but probably the best in the Condado area. Hotel is old but rooms have been upgraded. Pool area is fantastic! Lively reception and casino. Nice Hertz desk on site and friendly staff. Once you see the hallways and rooms you'll wonder why you paid so much, but take a look around at the other Condado properties that are still in business and you'll realize you made the best choice. San Juan is not a premier destination and the Condado area seems to be declining. The new up and coming area is Isla Verde (Ritz, Interncontinental etc) by the airport. If you are determined to stay in Condado, this is your best bet.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>groovedigger
<Content>Noisy? I call it lively ... Great experience if you want to be in the Condado area. You have to take a taxi to Old San Juan, but for the Condado zone it is very central, right on the beach. Exactly what you would expect from Marriott, friendly staff (they even upgraded me to a corner suite at no extra charge!), clean facilities, well-appointed rooms. Yes, the lobby is a big party scene every night with loud salsa music and crowds of revellers, but San Juan is a party place, folks! People do not go to bed at 10pm there ... remember you're not in Kansas anymore! If you're looking for a quiet isolated retreat or are simply too uptight about loud music, go to another part of the island. The casino is definitely nothing out of Las Vegas, but it has a decent selection of slot machines and blackjack tables, and usually a couple of roulette wheels operating. It is open 24 hours.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again!!! We just returned from Puerto rico and had booked this hotel after reading all the good reviews, but were very very dissapointed. We got there and first of all the lobby was SO SMOKY AND LOUD, not child friendly at all. The people at the front desk were very rude. We checked in the room and the tub wasnt draining and the room totally aggravated my husband's allergy. They moved us to another room without offering any upgrades and asked us to pay when we asked for one, VERY RUDE! We were looking for an upscale place with friendly people around but this place certainly was a big dissapointed. We packed out bags and left for the Wyndham in Condado and it was beautiful. We always stay at Wyndham and its the best, i dont know we decided to try this place, NEVER AGAIN. If you are a family stay at the Wyndham in Condado, its beautiful with three pools, 2 jaccuzzi's and hammocks. If your are single or without kids, stay at El Wyndham in San Juan. (we went there for our honeymoon) It has the best club in Sanjuanb and is wonderful. NEVER STAY AT THIS MARRIOT!!!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Digest
<Content>Fun stay at the Marriott! Just returned from the Marriott. The hotel staff was very friendly. The bands in the lobby were very good if you like salsa music. Stay above the 4th floor if you do not want to hear the band. I did not think the food prices were over priced compared to other hotels. The bed in the corner rooms could be much higher, and a little more comforatable. The hilton lobby is much more ellegant if you want a quiet evening. The air conditioner was not working properly. For a delux room the bathroom needs to be updated. The room number was 1609. The view from the double balconies at this corner of the hotel is problably the best beach view I have ever exerienced even on trips to hawaii. Make a trip to Culebra it is beautiful. Also experience the entire island of Puerto Rico it is wonderful!!  
<Date>Nov 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel nice staff,clean, great location, fun parties in hotel i went to the marriott hotel in san juan october 29 -november 2 2004. All the staff is really helpful and take time out to help you,I had lost my camera and was very upset crying in the lobby and a staff member came up to me and asked me if i needed help and i told him what happened and all the places i was that night ,the staff member took out his cell phone and called 411 to get me all the numbers for me so i could call up.The pool area was very nice clean as well as the beach.The location of the hotel is perfect it in right in center of town .The food at the hotel was expensive so ii suggest going up the block there many places you can eat. I had nothing negative to say about this hotel and i suggest to go there  
<Date>Nov 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2Koi4u
<Content>Would stay there again!! Very nice! We'd stayed one night here after a 7 day cruise. The staff was friendly and helpful. Check in time was 4pm and they let us check in at 11:00 am. They also accomodated our late check out request of 1:30 pm with no problem. The bed was so comfortable it felt like a cloud, and the breakfast buffet was excellent. The pool areas were clean, and the casino was very upscale, though getting a drink was not easy. But after flagging down a waitress they responded quick. My only complaint was the band in the lobby. Loud does not begin to describe it! You could not talk to anyone in the lobby bar, and it was distracting at the blackjack tables near the casino door. Honestly, there were lots of people dancing, but they must have had cotton in their ears or were deaf already....But I would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent place to stay Just returned from this hotel and I must say some of the reviews that I had read were way off. This hotel is right in the middle of everything. There were several restaurants within walking distance. The room we stayed in was oceanfront on the 18th floor with a great view. One complaint I read was that the lobby was loud. Yes there was music being played every night but you could not hear it from any other place in the hotel. The casino was clean and hardly packed even on the weekends. Cabs were always available if needed but we decided to take the bus to Old San Juan which only cost 25 cents(cab was 15 dollars). I must say the staff was excellent. We also had a great experience with one of the guest services rep(adriana). She was extremely helpful and knowledgeable and gave great ideas for things to do since this was the first time we were in Puerto Rico. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to San Juan.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect For Beach and City Interests We just returned from three nights at the Marriott Resort in the Condado section of San Juan. We were specifically looking for direct beach access and good proximity to old San Juan for dining and shopping We got all of this plus good places to eat in Condado (within walking distance of the hotel). The staff from the doormen, concerige to the maids were friendly and helpful. Our view could not be better and we slept with the baclony door open so we could hear the waves at night. There is a nightly salsa band in the lobby of the hotel and on the weekends there is lots of dancing. If this not your scene, request a room higher up or overlooking the pool/beach in a seperate wing so you will not be disturbed. Our room was clean, and other than a little tired wear on the paint on the balcony and in the bathroom, it was in acceptable condition. This is a beachfront property and in my experience there is always something about the rooms of hotels like this that no matter what, it will always have a slightly beachy wear to it (which is really no big deal.). Oh and did I mention the bed yet? It was one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've slept in (this includes the Westin chain's heavenly bed experience). It is true that some of the Condado strip is undergoing redevelopment from previous hurricane damage. There are two hotels on this particular strip of beach which are essentially being gutted but don't let this ruin your stay Other than the construction eye soar it should not disturb your stay. We were originally going to stay at the Ritz and they were full that weekend. And boy were we glad. The Ritz, while on Isle Verde and the water, also overlooks the main runway for the airport. While I am sure it is posh, I can't imagine being so close to the airport, particularly the main runway for take-off/landing (I spotted the Ritz and its signage from the window seat of my flight getting ready to take-off). Old San Juan is a $12 cab ride (flat fee to most places) and the airport is $15 one-way by taxi. If you want both beach and city activities the Marriott is the place to stay.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnnaV
<Content>Great Hotel!! We spent a weekend at the San Juan Marriott Resort and absolutely loved it!! The hotel had everything we needed and wanted. The food was great, especially Tuscany's - try the lobster pizza - wow!! The staff was exceptional!! Everyone was friendly and helpful and made us feel right at home, that is, royalty at a palace. We would definately return to this hotel!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a wonderful hotel Was sent to PR on business October 12-18, 2004, and took my husband along so that we could have a couple extra days of mini-vacation. Initially, I booked the Hampton Inn in Isla Verde, but my boss advised me to stay in Condado, as he thought the location would be more convenient -- not only for business (in Hato Rey), but for sightseeing, as well. I am SO glad I followed his advice! The Condado area is very safe and there are police and private security patrols everywhere you look. This gorgeous Marriott is right on the sand, centrally located in Condado, and a short taxi ride to Old San Juan (fare $12 one way). The hotel is beautiful, the staff is of the highest professional calibre (plus being very warm and friendly), and our stay couldn't have been better. Room Service was really quick (10-15 minutes!) with both morning coffee and midnight sandwiches. When you dial zero on the room phone (there are two), they answer the phone saying Good morning, Mrs.___, how may I be of service? (when was the last time you heard that in a hotel?) Housekeeping was efficient and the room was spotless.  The climate was humid, but the effect of the air conditioning was somewhat stymied by our insistence on keeping the sliding door to the balcony open at all times --- we couldn't resist the view of the pools/ocean from our 4th-floor Cabana room. My only negative comments would be that the live music (each night) was a little too loud in the downstairs area -- it was great music, but the noise-level made conversation in the whole foyer/bar/desk area close to impossible. Oh yes, and the Casino was adequate, but nowhere near Las Vegas standards. My husband went snorkeling off Fajardo one day on a 62-foot catamaran. The hotel tour desk booked the trip ($65 all inclusive) -- and he had a terrific time! Another day, we taxied out to the Bacardi Distillery ($25 one way) and took the tour, which includes two free drinks (try the Mojito). Both the Bacardi gift shop and the airport duty-free shop sell Bacardi rum at extremely reasonable prices and pack it securely to travel. If you stay at this Marriott, you will love it. Try Tijuana's Bar and Grill, also... it's down the street about a block and serves excellent Mexican food (I'm from LA and I know Mexican food! LOL). Puerto Rico es la Isla del encanto and I can hardly wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If I had to describe the Marriot in 1 word, 'Awesome' After deciding that I was going to go to Puerto Rico on a short notice vacation, I had asked a few people where to stay. My best friend who is Puerto Rican recommended the Marriot. He had been there about 2 months before us. We had also had gotten some feedback from others that stayed at other Hotels. My friend has very good taste so I took his word for this Hotel.After reading some reviews on trip advisor I started to wonder about his taste in Hotels, there were so many negative reviews that I began to wonder.We decided to go anyway and to our suprise the Hotel was everything he said it was. The rooms were clean and smelled like a hotel in the tropics should smell, like ocean air. And just like any other fancy hotel in the world if you use the room wet-bar you will be over charged, this is why they are there.Granted the Hotels restaurants were not cheap(priced accordingly) but if we had wanted to eat cheap food we could have gone to any of the many fast-food restaurants within walking distance. Which brings me to the next negative thing I had read, car rentals and parking. Renting a car was a great investment. If you were 4 people and had wanted to go on a guided tour it was easily $55-$95 per person. We had rented a brand new Toyota Corolla for $60 a day and can stay as long as we want any where we went. It is very hard to park in most towns but with patience we found great spots everywhere we went, and we went all over the Island. Now for the parking lot in the hotel. They charged us $12 for parking and you can go in and out within 24hours as much as you wanted to. To some this may sound like too much for guests in the hotel but after doing the math it is still cheaper. The best part was the absolutely perfect ocean water. After all the places me and my family had been too (which adds up to alot of places) we thought the ocean in Puerto Rico was possibly the best. I highly recommend one of the many Catamaran cruises with snorkeling and swimming, talk about being on a deserted desert Island in paradise (why did we come home???). ANd we were there during huricane season (it rained for about 1 hour the day we arrived, we had stayed 6 nights) all the other days were perfect 86-88 degrees and sunny.The food was also awesome, from traditional Puerto Rican food on the side of the road to one of the many gourmet restaurants in Old San Juan.Not to mention the service was exceptional. All in all we had a wonderful time and will definately be back to the Marriot.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Casino The San Juan Marriott was an excellent vacation spot. I researched numerous hotels in the San Juan area before making my decision and I made the precise choice. The hotel its self was visually appealing. The room was clean, accommodating, and decorated. The bed was comfortable and the bathroom was clean and fully functional. The staff was extremely helpful; from the bellhop to the concierge. I requested room service on occasion and was impressed with the speed. In the main lobby is a bar with a great bartender. I enjoyed the hotel restaurant as well. I bit pricy but the food was good. The casino was lively and a happening place to be. The pool area was nice and the beach was beautiful. Hotel security was at the entrance from the beach to keep non guests from entering the hotel. There is a Starbucks Coffee directly in front of the hotel and a Walgreens a short walk away. Ajili Mojili is a restaurant a couple of blocks away and with the Puerto Rican flavor. I have nothing derogatory to say about my stay at the Marriott. I feel confident to recommend this one to others.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Stately Hotel with Terrific Service Stayed at the Marriott Stellaris for three nights prior to taking a cruise. The hotel has an understated elegance and contains some of the charm from San Juan of years ago. They have also done a fine job with updating the property. Very nice pool, nice stretch of beach, grounds were emaculate and overall it was a wonderful property. But the property itself is matched by the terrific staff. From the front desk staff to the concierge to the pool staff to the casino and everyone else, the service was top-notch. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exellent place to stay in Puerto Rico I stayed at the Marroitt over Labor Day weekend. This hotel was EXCELLENT. The staff, from the front desk to Bartender(s) to the beach side waiter(s) to the cleaning lady everyone was wonderful. Very friendly, any questiion that we ask (where to go at night, shop, how to get there etc..) everyone spoke to us as if we were Family and gave us their best suggestion.  Everything was Great, I enjoyed the water Vollyball, and the slide in the adult pool. My room was located on the main floor (in the 200's) I thought that I was going to hear the music from the lobby at nite and the casino, But ..NOPE there are Glass doors that seperate the Lobby to the Hotel rooms (yes, you need a card to enter the Hotel room area ..ONLY on the main floor) My room faced the Beach/Pool side area... the veiw was like a postcard picture .. In the morning, before the Pool opens up , it is nice to sit on the balcany and just listen to the sounds of the water falls from the pool and the sounds of the Beach.. Also.. The BIRD or FROG sounds in the pool area are not REAL. If you want to go to Old San Juan (lots of shopping ie, Coach,Guess, Polo Dooney  Burke and little Mom and Dad shops) you can take the bus Right outside the hotel (only .25 cents) right to Old San Juan.If you come to Puerto Rico ... stay at this hotel, you wont be dissapointed ..  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional !! We just came back from a six night stay at this hotel. It was wonderfull! I travel A LOT for business and have stayed and many a good hotel. I rate Marriot at Condado beach as one of the best for the service they provide to their guests. Only on a cruise ship have I met such an attentive staff. They went out of their way to please you. The receptionist, the operator, concierge, valet parking, restaurants. Incredible. We can not wait to return. We came back home happy and relaxed feeling like we've been away for weeks thanks to the fact that at this hotel they let me feel totally at ease and without having to worry about anyting. A MUST DO. We will be back for sure!!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tomtopes
<Content>Good resort, just don't expect too much We stayed at the Marriott post cruise over the July 4th weekend and it was our second stay there. We loved the beach and its proximity to the airport and the service was good. We arrived at 9am and was given a corner suite even though the hotel was full. The rooms are just ok, (the air conditioner was pitiful, but made up for its lack of power with tremendous noise) but realistically, for a beach resort in San Juan, it is on the quality side. The biggest draw for us to the Marriott is the beach, being in the middle of Condado beach area is impressive. Just don't expect over the top service or immaculate rooms. The resort is just too big and always too full of guests for the staff to give personal or attentive service. The lobby is always hopping with locals enjoying their music and dances. During the July 4th weekend, a band was performing non stop salsa while locals were clearly enjoying themselves on the dancefloor. This is not a quiet and intimate hotel as the music level was so loud that we had to shout to speak with the front desk. Service at the coffee bar in the lobby was so slow that it was quicker to go across the street (careful not to be run over by maniac drivers on Ashford) to Starbucks. The pool area is a little crowded as they fit many sun loungers into a small space, but the beach is wide open. All around the hotel by the beachfront, the once derelict hotels to the West are being refurnished and the construction noise can be a distraction, but overall, the Marriott is a quality property in that stretch of Condado.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kyamin
<Content>not good we stayed two nights at the Marriott,it was not good. When we arrived on Sunday night the lobby was outragiously loud and mobbed. Many people were waiting for thier rooms, and complaining. Our room was ready and we checked in quickly. The room was in need of an overhaul. the bathroom had drops of water falling from where i couldn't tell. The pool was smaller than pictured and crowded. Half of the pool is a baby pool and the other half was taken up with a volley ball game. Not inviting. the beach is ok but not enough shade.I would not recommend. /we moved on to the Ritz Carlton and it was terrific, and cheaper rates. The food is better and more reasonable at the marriott.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>average hotel stayed from 6/19-6/28 room was humid and never cool enough for my taste. staff was very fast and nice about finding us another room but both rooms they suggested were either just as hot or with a crummier view. hotel food was expensive and there are plenty of restaurants close by that are good and cheaper. Dannys, a block to your left as you leave the hotel has a great breakfast, Buno Ayres restaurant was not worth the money. Tony Romas Ribs is a good walk but good. Walgreens, a block to your right as you exit has everything. Hotel pool was small, the beach was good, very windy at times. Loquillo Beach was like a salt water pool. El Yunque was great, take the La Mina trail. Old San Juan had all the shopping, not much near the hotel. Hotel was convenient to many things though. Lobby was almost always entertaining, with bands and dancing but there were signs that you could not sit at the tables after 4pm unless you had a 2 drink minimum (at $7 each)  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great island for a long weekend Memorial Day weekend 2004: There was a convention of those w.an alternative lifestyle so 4 months of dieting and not even one glance! Staff was always polite and responsive. It's off the strip. Beach is great and pool is relaxing. Food was a bit expensive but what can you expect. If you want an it place to stay, check out the El San Juan on the strip. Marble everywhere, dark wood, a little ritzier.   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst then terrible!!!! If you want to be treated bad, VERY BAD!! Then you may like it here. I have to say. I was one of 38 people that flew over from the stated fo a wedding. Several people stayed at at the Marriotts in Isle Verde and Condodo, I am telling you about the Condodo location, I stayed in Puerto Rico for 10 days and the Marriott ruined one night of that for myself and others, I had a bad experience in the casino with manager on April 27, 2004. This is a ruff version. You see when 5 of us walked up to the lobby bar to order drinks, they sent us to the casino to get service, So we did, We then waited at that casino bar to get service. Guess What ??No service. The manager told us if we wanted to get service then we would have to play slots.OK!! So we did. 45min. passed NO Service, I asked the manager why we couldn't get some drinks. You'll love this. The manager told me that we were play the wrong slot to get service, Then he walked away. I went to the front desk to put a complaint in with the manager of the hotel, but he never showed. I told the girl at the front desk I will be writting Tripadvisor with a poor score for this hotel. So 3 of us left the hotel to go back to ours (THE WINDCHIMES GREAT!!!!) The 2 that were left behind were still playing in the casino$$$ and when they went back to there room they were met by security and they were told because I!!!! was reporting them to Tripadvisor they would have to leave. They then called the bride and groom woke them up to see if they could stay with them I guess everything work it's self out by 3:00am. But I cant tell you how unprofessional, the Marriott's staff was and is. Then Puerto Ricans DEPEND!!!on the $$$$$ from the people who come to there Island, and I can tell 38 people bring in a whole lot of money for them. So I guess the I can tell you I WILL NEVER! EVER! stay at a Marriott !! Even though I did not stay here, I should have been treated as a in house guest would have, with respect and kindness and no less. So if you stay here and have a bad experience , I told you so!!  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A family hotel not for a romantic retreat I stayed in this hotel with my wife from Apr 30 - May 3rd. Hotel is in a great location in front of the beach and close to several nice restaurants unlike hotels in the Isla Verde or further down the road in the Condado area like the Hilton for example. The main pool is amost always unavailable due to family activities. The smaller pool (2 feet deep) is croweded with kids. The pool bar is closed. The beach in the Condado area is very windy. Serivce is good. Hotel is full of life in the evening with live music and Casino. All in all, the hotel is above average. If you're travelling with kids, then this is the hotel for ya. However, for couples, find a different hotel.  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xindy
<Content>best beach in condado Just returned from 1 week April 22nd-29th. Very Nice hotel. It grew on us. The beach was better than the one at Wydm. Condado Plaza. Yes, the waves are rough, but if you rent a car and head west to Luquillo Beach...you'll have a great time. Just get there early ;-). This hotel has a great centralized location. Old San Juan is close by and has great nuevo latino restaurants, make sure you check them out! El Yunque Rainforest is the place for a hike to a gorgeous natural waterfall. Take the trail called Las Minas....you 'll never forget it. Enjoy Enjoy!  
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in San Juan This is the best hotel in San Juan, one of two with beach access. Staff was friendly and very helpful. Pool is great, beach is clean and secured. Will return.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay there We just came back from on 4-14-04. The hotel and the staff was very nice, breakfast buffet was awesome too. The lobby area and pool was very nice (only thing about pool-if you don't have kids and you would like to relax at the pool, YOU CAN'T. Because it is 3.5 feet deep only and one pool is occupied all times with kids for water activities which is annoying. Beach side is not that great either, waves are too harsh. Make sure you stay on the side of the hotel called Cabana Rooms. The other part is really old and when you pay over $260.00 it is a dissappointment for what you pay! But most definetly stay here and make sure to speak up-IF YOU DON'T LIKE YOUR ROOM!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great time We returned last night after spending six nights at this hotel. The staff was polite, attentive and responsive tom our needs. The location is minutes from Old San Juan and a 20 minute drive to the airport. It is in walking distance of a Walgreen's (for all your basic needs), several local eateries and also basic local shops. My family enjoyed the facilities completely, the tennis courts, pool and the beach. It is a public beach, not maintained by the hotel. All beaches on the island are public beaches. The lobby throbs (rocks) with excitement each evening. The poolside area is also filled with music on the week-ends. The restaurants are overated but worth a try........there are alot of other choices so don't limit yourself to the hotel menus. Try Da Luigi in Santurce. Visit the Art Museum and take a trip to the rain forest. Anyone who looks for things to criticize will be able to do so. The hotel is clean and has a full menu of activities for the kids. We would go again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>one of the best vacations Just returned from the San Juan Marriot. Have traveled many places. This hotel, staff, food, is one to write home about. We intend to return in Oct or Nov. for a longer stay. Can't or will not believe the negative reviews. This hotel is the best in the area. Forget the Old San Juan area hotels.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MoxieFan
<Content>Very Pleased With This Hotel Had a great stay in mid-March 2004. We were on the 19th floor with a half-ocean, half-city view. The room was always clean, but was small, with a comfortable bed and furnishings. Yes, the lobby rocks on weekend nights, and we stopped briefly to watch the dancing, though no one can talk above the music. However, we could not hear the lobby or casino sounds on our floor or in our room. Food in the Vista restaurant was very good; we did not try Anthony's. The lobby coffee shop makes excellent sandwiches and has great pasteries--at a fair price. There are many excellent restaurants within a block or two, a Walgreen's yards away for necessities, and a bus stop outside the hotel for the 15-minute (25 cents) ride to the old city. Every staff person we encountered was gracious, many asking whether there was anything we needed. The pool area was busy, but we always found lounge chairs somewhere. The large fountain pool, one of two pools, helps mask the people sounds, making poolside snoozes easy. Forget the hotel promo that you can swim laps in the pool; you can't. We stayed during very windy weather, so beach swimming was impossible. My only complaint is the amount of litter on the beach during the day; I blame careless guests. The beach is cleaned nightly. As other reviewers note, the Condado area has several derelict hotels, the lasting result of a devastating hurricane a few years ago. But elegant shops and a wide variety of restaurants on tree-lined Condado streets make up for a few blighted and under-construction areas. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lildee17
<Content>Great Vacation!! My friends and I spent a week at the Marriott in San Juan and we loved it!! We enjoyed the beach and the hotel itself and had tons of fun! It was near everthing and the best part was it was between Old San Juan and Isla Verde (which are two great places to visit). I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ron_Bartizek
<Content>In the middle of everything Don't worry about those negative ratings, this is a great place to stay if you want to do more than hang out at the hotel for a week. We had two adults and three teenagers, and everyone (almost, except a bored 14-year-old boy) had a great time. The hotel is clean, facilities are more than adequate and the staff is friendly and helpful. If you don't want to go out, the lobby offers music almost every night. Not sure about the hotel food, because we only ate one dinner there. Several excellent and varied restaurants are within walking distance, and there's a public bus stop right outside (25 cents!), so it's easy and trouble-free getting to Old San Juan for even more dining and entertainment options. Oh, our rooms (2) looked over the pool and to the ocean, and were very quiet - no noisy pool activity was evident. This isn't really a resort, but the setting more than makes up for any shortcomings.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe my last Big Vacation, a terrible week at the San Juan Marriott The San Juan Marriott is a very poor example of what a Four Star Luxury Hotel is suppose to be. The Condado Beach that it sits on will never be mentioned in the nice beaches of the world. The beach is dirty, there are many rock formations in the swimming areas. The currents are strong and when they rescend, they take the sands of the beach with them which you are swimming in and completely covered over with this sand. My wife and I have always stayed in Ocean Front rooms in the USA and other countrys like Aruba, St. Thomas, France, and other sites. y wife loves the Ocean. The view from our room in the San Juan Marriott was fine, it was at the end of the Hotel, away from any attraction that the hotel might have been going on, so we missed those if they did have any. The room was very small for the money, dirty, not in the housekeeping, but pipes corroded, walls needing painted, carpet dirty and smelly, it needs replaced. Room Service was so high that we did not even try it. The food prices was ok except for a Beach BBQ they put on Friday and Saturday night. It was simply alful. Food was not good what so ever, tables dirty, sand blowing in your face as you tried to eat. Just very bad and a waste of money. Even with all that we did not like, we was allready there and wanted to try to enjoy our vacation. Then the Week-end came. The local Puerto Rican people came to the hotel and completely took it over. The lounge was turned into a disco, there was no seats for tourist, the local band was so loud that in the casino we even had a hard time hearing the card dealers. In the Casino, the local people was pushy, taken over all slot machines and most of the table games. They were the only ones that could get a drink, getting trays of Pina Colodas, nasty to any American aroun them. But later read in Local Newspaper where the Puerto Rican people were much like they were in 1984, they hated Americans then and I guess its that way again. The Rain Forrest was the biggest Rip off of the trip. No flowers, nothing to see, felt sorry for the tour bus driver. I have read the reviews, how any one can write a good review for this Marriott and its beach and its all around enjoyment , is beyond me. The week my wife and I spent at the San Juan Marriott was by far the worst vacation we have ever taken. I,m 62 years old and we have been to many nice places. The Marriott Hotel in Aruba must be a 10 star hotel in comparison to the San Juan Hotel. Any one may email me and I,ll be glad to answer any question you may have, if this review stays on this site.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>manycruises
<Content>Wonderful hotel, the Marriott Since I had read other reviews of this hotel on your website (both pro and anti), I was curious to see how we would like the hotel. We loved it! We were given a tenth floor room facing the ocean. We were thoroughly entertained watching the activity on the beach when we were not actually there ourselves. The hotel was immaculately clean, the personnel were very friendly and helpful, and the food in the restaurant was excellent. There is a tour desk in the lobby for booking activities outside the hotel. The hotel itself provides a full day of planned activities if you are looking for something to do. Our travel agent found a special weekend rate for senior citizens that was a wonderful deal. This is not just a hotel for senior citizens. Indeed, we were in the distinct minority with many young couples and family groups too. The Condado area is the resort spot of San Juan, and this hotel is located right in the middle of the area with a gorgeous beach. I wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly staff  Just got back from San Juan. Was there 2/28/04 thru 3/1/04. Overall the hotel was decent, but not worth the full price. If you are looking for a super modern, big room, look elsewhere. The location was nice, as there are lots of dining options around the area. The room and bathroom were a little dated, but the bed was soft,. I was dissappointed in that the in-room TV did not carry ABC, therefore I had to watch the OSCARS in the lobby. The lobby and the casino were very lively, it was the place to be for a weekend night. Had the room been a little bigger and luxurious, I would have given this hotel higher marks. Further I used a Marriott award for one night and a special $160 prepaid rate thru Marriott, so I was very pleased considering I paid $160 + taxes for 2 nights.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darrenzip
<Content>Great stay! Three of us stayed to here from 2/27-3/1. We were concernd from some of the reviews, but were certainly pleased by what we found. The rooms themselves are adequate. The balconies are small, but the ocean views are stunning. The Mariott's beach is the best in Condado and the pool area is really quite nice. We were accomodated in all our requests with nothing but smiles.Our only complaint is that the lobby is extremely loud as the bar is open with live entertainment nightly. This of course is a perk, but when I say loud...i mean really loud. We could actually hear it through the elevator on the 19th floor.Please remember that this is a latin country (commonwealth) and that the pace is simply different there. A smile and thank you always goes a long way.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in San Juan Let me start by saying that I never ever usually read reviews for vacations that I go on, but being that I have never been to PR, I did alot of research. The worst thing anyone can do is read these reviews. There are so many negative reviews for this hotel and for the life of me cannot figure out why!! The hotel is beautiful, from the rooms, the lobby, the pool, the beach area. Everything and everyone were so nice. I went with 4 girlfirends of mine and we had the best time ever and cannot wait to go back there. The people who worked there couldn't do enough for us. It is right in the middle of everything. You can walk, take a cab, or a quick bus ride down the strip. I am 31 years old and I feel like the biggest geek writing this review but I need to tell you that please do not believe everything you read. After reading the posts I was so apprehensive on staying here. It's a beautiful hotel and I definately recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel for a long weekend We enjoyed our stay at the San Juan Marriott. The service was excellent. Upon check-in, we received a complimentary upgrade to a beautiful room with a balcony overlooking the ocean and pool. The room was clean and well-kept. The pool area was wonderful with ample chairs and room. The bar and waitstaff were very attentive. The beach was also beautiful and clean - the only drawback was the somewhat rough surf and waves. The only real cons about the hotel was the lack of knowledge and helpfulness of the concierge as well as the location of the hotel - it wasn't as secluded as we hoped and didn't feel safe walking around the streets outside the hotel. Otherwise, if you're looking for a quick weekend getaway, give it a try.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic business trip I stayed at the Marriott Resort  Stellaris Casino on a recent business trip to San Juan. The hotel was very nice. The location was fantastic short cab rides to the airport, downtown, and Old San Juan. The street in front of the hotel (Asheford Avenue) was always lively and there were many great shops and restaurants, plus a delicious gelato shop across the street. The pool was beautiful, although crowded. It had fountains, a mountain waterslide, and pool bar. The beach chairs around the pool were all fitted with comfortable cushions. This hotel also had a fantastic gym - lots of machines and weights to plug head sets into - not your typical hotel weight room. The room was great, very clean. One upstairs hallway had a bit of a humid, dank feeling to it, but I guess thats typical in tropics. I loved the little coffee shop in the lobby - an excellent alternative to a $10 hotel breakfast. The casino downstairs meant that the lobby was bumpin at night. On several occasions there was a VERY loud live band playing, but it didnt disturb me on the 9th floor. The beach wasnt great by Caribbean standards, but thats not the hotel's fault. The hotel was very good about providing beach chairs, and there was a security guard stationed at the hotel entrance to the beach keeping an eye on things. The water was clean and many people were goofing around with bogie boards in the surf - I guess there was somewhere to rent these close by. This is a public beach, as I understand all beaches are in San Juan. Occasionally someone would walk by selling water, or necklaces, or ice cream, but it wasnt overwhelming. The staff, especially the concierge, were all very nice and helpful.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was a home run We stay over Presidents/Valentines day weekend and had a blast. The entire staff was exceptional. We wanted to eat at several resturants but no resveravtions were available(Including the Marriotts's upscale italian resurant). Sarah, our consgier took our request and spent a great deal of time getting us reservations for the entire week end matching our likes from our origonal requests. The front desk and bellhops as well as the pool and beach attendants were just as accomodating as could be. The casino had a very relaxing/fun atmosphere (although it is time to resurface some of the gaming tables). The salsa band in the lobby club added to the the experience. The room was very comfortable and we would definitley come back, perhaps w/ the kids. There were many families there seeming to enjoy them selves as much as my wife and myself.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thorntree
<Content>A nice visit at the San juan Marriott We stayed here on Sunday night Feb. 1. following a great cruise. The ocean front view was great. the staff was wonderful and the room was large. The pool area is beautiful and the beach is probably the nicest in Condato although a little rough for swimming. The food prices are a bit high but there are several local restaurants within a few blocks. The local seniors dance to a live band in the lobby at night and play bingo (both in espanol) in the morning.While it may not be the newest and most modern Marriot property it is a fun albeit a little expensive place to stay. The only real negative is it rained on Monday when we left and couldn't enjoy the beautiful pool area for a second day.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent food, service, and staff! After reading previous reviews about the San Juan Marriott I was quite curious, and a little apprehensive, about what I would find when I set out for a 5 day business/pleasure trip scheduled at the resort. To say that I was pleasantly surprised is an understatement. From the moment we arrived to the moment we departed, we encountered nothing but top-notch, prompt, friendly, professionals each step of the way. From the doormen, to the front desk, to the friendly poolside bartenders, to the waiters/waitresses, everyone just couldn't do enought for us. The food was outstanding - so good that after verturing out to another local restaurant one evening and paying twice the price, we saw no need to do so again since we could get an excellent meal in a beautiful environment without even traveling. Yes, it's alittle pricey, (particularly the drinks) but so is everything else everywhere else on the island. I'd recommend the SJ Marriott to anyone and intend to visit again.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place; Ignore ravings of previous reviewer I don't know what it is with the previous reviewer. My office colleagues and I stay at Marriotts in excess of 75 nights per year and we all find nothing awful about this establishment. Service was good and so is the location. There is no abandoned building adjacent to the property. Yes, there is an abandoned building down the street, a FEW blocks away, NOT adjacent. There are some nice establishments (restaurants and stores) adjacent ot the Marriott. Service was great and the management staff always went out of their way to recognise guests.The property was well maintained. We all stayed there in excess of three weeks over November/December 2003. Yes we will continue to stay there whenever we have a reason to be in San Juan.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kylinda
<Content>A Great Place to Stay Before a Cruise After reading the reviews of the Marriott, we were concerned with what we would find at the hotel. The staff could not have been nice. Check-in was great and we had a room on the 18th floor, oceanfront. The room was clean, bed was confortable and the Tuscany Restaurant was great. The breakfast buffet and lunch were average, but okay.It was a great place to relax for two days before cruising out of San Juan and only five minutes away from the pier.My husband and I travel several times a year and we think we have pretty good tastes in hotels. I would not stay someplace that was dirty or rundown and I did not see this anyplace.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Liteh
<Content>A Comfortable Enough Stay Stayed here for a few days the week before Christmas (there was even a pretty holiday spread, with gingerbread houses, in the front of the lobby). After reading the other reviews, I had been worried that I would be disturbed by noise from the lobby at night. As it turned out, there were nice live band shows and dancing in the lobby several nights during my stay, but I didn't hear any noise from my 5th floor room and wasn't distracted by the music whenever I passed through the lobby. I think some of the other reviewers have exaggerated the signs of wear about the hotel. It may be older, but seems to be holding up pretty well, especially in the public areas. If you decide to stay here, pay a little more to get a corner room; I was shocked by how small my standard oceanview room, ordered blindly through one of the online sites, was (and even the maid acknowledged it was one of the smaller rooms). The room was very clean, but there was a slightly annoying smell of mold (common in my experience in some of the Caribbean islands) the first few days. A plus for me was the pretty well-equipped fitness room. I have stayed in several hotels in San Juan over the years, including the Ritz, the Old San Juan Wyndham, and several smaller, independent hotels. Personally, I prefer the Condado hotels for trips when I am not renting a car because there are more clubs and reasonably-priced restaurants within walking distance than in Old San Juan and Isla Verde. And, if it's any indication of anything about the hotel, most of the other guests I saw in the public areas and on the beach seemed to be enjoying themselves.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away!! Stay away from this property at all costs. My family recently arrived at the SJM to find the worst Marriott property that we had ever seen. I spend over 75 nights a year at Marriotts and never have had a complaint. The hotel is dirty, out-dated and in a horrible section of San Juan. There is an empty lot next door to the hotel and abandon buildings surrounding it on both sides. We arrived planning to stay 5 nights and checked out the next day, becasue it took us that long to find something else. The staff and front desk people have no answers for any problems. The highlight if the trip was the manager of the hotel accepted out complaints and was accomodating in getting us checked out and moved to another hotel. Marriott should separate themselves from this property before it ruins the reputation of some of it's excellent properties.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DCSkiman
<Content>Poor Service The hotel is somewhat old and certainly not worth the cost. Beds are highly uncomfortable for a hotel of that ranking. The reception is pretty slow with any inquiry taking more than 20 minutes to be addressed. Our stay included breakfast. Unfortunately, no-one (neither at the reservation or at the check in) bottered to notified us until the last day of our stay. Moreover, the customer service at Marriott overall is the most unhelpfull I have ever come accross. I would avoid all Marriott properties at all cost.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lapochka
<Content>i had no complaints We went there 12/5-12/11/03.After reading all the reviews i was not sure which hotel was right b/c all of them had good and bad reviews. But i looked at bad ones and thought to myselfwhat is really bad and what can i live with?. out of all of them my choices were either Hilton or Marriott. Hilton was totally booked b/c it had a convention, so i booked MArriott-Stellaris. I dont have anything bad to say about the hotel. We arrived the day there was a big snow storm in NY(we just got lucky to get out on time). They met us with a smile and a big PR welcome. I booked the cheapest room with a city view, but b/c they could not upgrade us to ocean view(it was booked), they gave us the biggest room in hotel with 2 balconies. (1523)one was overlooking the ocean and the other was to the city. it was a great view, but a bit noisy if u open the balcony, otherwise it was fine. the rooms were clean and well taken care of. The maid came every day on time and did a wonderful job. There is always somth at the hotel lobby at night(concert and all sorts of live music events). The staff was very helpfull in booking trips and making reservations to hetel, and telling us where to go at certain times. The hotel itself is on a main street, it's safe to walk any time as far as Hilton.Breakfast buffet was a bit pricy for us($15pp), so we went to eat at a small place right next to Walgreens(good and cheap). So it all comes down to what u expect and yr experiences elsewhere. Since it was our second vacation after our honeymoon(we went to Sandals-Negril in JAmaica last year), i liked PR better, b/c there is stuff to do and places to go and u are not stuck in one place. My husband and I like a mix of active and passive kinds of vacations. So realized now that all-inclusives are not for us.... So overall, i would recommend this hotel to everyone-Great place to be!!!  
<Date>Dec 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nrn0896
<Content>Pleased with the stay I went to this property as an experiment because I normally favor hotels with ready golf course accessibility. I was more than satified with the room, the dining facilities and the attentive staff. I liked the live entertainment in the lobby -- loud but talented. I liked the casino. I also did not mind the urban area. The Condado neighborhood seemed safe enough, and there is easy bus access to Old San Juan (a consideration especially if the weather turns bad). There is also a Walgreen's within a half block of the hotel, so that any incidental purchase is no problem. My only caution is that the Atlantic surf at the beach is moderate to immoderate -- not placid like many Caribbean hotels, but not different from most of the other San Juan hotels. This may be a disappointment to those with small children (who may be content with the adequate pool and water slide) or to certain adults whose water skills may not be up to the task. This was the only potential drawback to a really good experience.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>SJ Marriott I cannot disagree more with this writer. After staying for a week at this Marriott I can do nothing but laud the workers. The Marriott was a fun place to be before Christmas. The decorations were unbelievable. The spirit was great. The lobby on the weekend was booming with dressed up locals and hotel clients having a great time, listening and dancing to the salsa music. I find it hard to understand why someone would stay so long in a hotel that they had so many problems with. With so many hotels around, why not pick up and go. As for the balcony doors, they have all been replaced on the upper floors. The hotel is old and I knew this before I went. But it was clean, the beds were very comfortable, the water pressure was good and the people were accomodating. I knew it wasn't going to be the Ritz but I was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews. The beach was right there, which is a major thing in my opinion, yet you are right in the center of the city, albeit, a city that needs quite a bit of sprucing up. If this is the section you want to stay in, then the Marriott is good. San Juan seems to be going through a lot of construction right now and has a very unplanned atmosphere to it. but the people compensate for any shortcomings the structures have. Again, after reading all the reviews I was wondering why I even was going to PR compared to some of the other islands with REAL luxury hotels but, hey, it has a rainforest, a 500 year old fort and of course Vieques, another great experience.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No longer venerable My wife and I have spent hundreds of nights at this Marriott over the past 7 years. It was never a top-line property, but it was well run and pleasant to visit. That has changed.We recently finished a 5 month continuous stint at SJM, and it was clear that things have gone off the track. We occupied several rooms during that time, the first being a large penthouse suite. It was a mold nightmare as each time it rained the water flooded a considerable area inside the 2 balcony doors. Management knew of the problem and did nothing to eliminate it. (Since then they are apparently replacing the exterior doors of the high-rise section.) Another room had a toilet that had to be plunged on 15 different days before the maid -- who said this had been happening long before we stayed in the room -- convinced engineering the replace the commode. Every time the toilet was unplugged the remnants of an oft-used plunger left drippings in the bathroom, and it was up to us to call housecleaning to deal with the residual fecal matter. Ugh! (Before we stayed on the penthouse floor we were shown another room which we declined because there was a hole punched in the balcony door and the a/c didn't work. The hotel's a/c is quite awful and it seems that engineering is incapable of improving it.)When we first arrived, after having been gone about a year, we were startled to discover that the Executive Lounge was no longer open on weekends. I spoke to the GM, and he agreed to reopen it. Until the day we left, the hotel was never able to get anyone to restock the refrigerator with soft drinks or keep the room clean. The management was content to let the guests -- mostly this one -- do the restocking, and leave the cleaning for the weekday staff. Months of pleading and complaining fell on deaf ears. When I griped to the GM about my having to restock the fridge his response was a sneering Don't do it! Under prior management the lounge was always well-tended on weekends.The decline of the SJM is nowhere more evident than the front desk. The friendly rapid-response is now very hit and miss. One time I told a desk supervisor that I needed to speak to her about something, and she said she would call. Later the same day I passed by and asked her if she had forgotten, which she said she had not. She may not have forgotten but I never got a call. Senior management is well aware of the problems, but seems unwilling to rectify them.SJM has a facsimile of a concierge compared to the past and to other hotels. They often refer guests to a subcontracted tour desk which gives guests materials brought over from the Hilton.There are some fine and pleasant employees, but morale seems to be lower than we've seen it. Some of the best employees privately confide that they don't enjoy working at the SJM anymore. For many it seems like just a job, with little of the pride and enthusiasm from the past.There is an arrogance among managers that was not visible under previous regimes. Some of the senior managers act like they are the important part of the hotel, rather than the guests.Since we left the SJM and moved to another hotel, we've been happier. Management reponds quickly and efficiently to problems, the a/c works, and we don't have to deal with management arrogance.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a Great Time! We had a great time here. The staff was always courteous and happy to answer any questions. The food was excellent. Especially the breakfast and the diners on the beach. Our room, pool/oceanview, had a spectacular view of the Hotel grounds and ocean. We also loved going to sleep with the sound of the surf in the background. We would recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travelguru4u
<Content>Nice Place I have been here 4x's. This hotel is comfortable, as well as beautiful. The rooms are updated. The casino is very lively. The grounds/pool are nice. It's a great choice.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Marriott Resort and Stellaris Casino Our stay here was wonderful. The staff was great, the best ever. If you are looking for a place to caterer to you, this is it. We only left the hotel once to have dinner at a lcoal resturant. The rooms were ok but the view we had was beautiful. We had a great time laying out at the pool. The casino was under construction when we were there, but you could still gamble. I recommend this hotel to everyone and you can bet when I go back to San Juan I will be staying at the Marriott and Stellaris Casino again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed review Good location, good beach area, very clean. Service was bad, room was horrible and had to change. The whole experience was strange, very good at one moment, very bad the next. Breakfast Buffet was very expensive and very bad, eat elsewhere in the area.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the San Juan Marariott Resort and Stellaris Casino From check in to check out, everyone on staff from Felix at the front desk to the bellman, to the conceaiarge were more than helpful. They offered wonderful directions and advice when we asked and were kind and considerate during our 5 day stay. The casino is a little small, so don't expect Las Vegas or Atlantic City. The latin band in the lobby was a lot of fun everynight and the special buffets on the beach were a lot of fun as well. A good place to rest and relax.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SWAUSHORN
<Content>Good and Comfortable! We spent our post cruise stay here and found the hotel to be quite comfortable and the staff very helpful, especially the bellmen and front desk! Nice Pool area and good beach frontage. Rooms lived up to the Marriott comfort. After seeing many of the other local properties, this one ranked right up there. Also if you are there when the Salsa band is in the lobby - you're in for a real treat!  
<Date>Sep 10, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You'll Love the Place We recently spent 5 nights at this hotel and were extremely pleased with the entire package. The room was modern and had a great view from the balcony. They even provided us with a safe and a fully stocked refridge. There are numerous restaurants, snack bars and and adult bars for every taste. The magnificent lobby was always jumping with music and dance. The casino was just the right size to have fun and enjoy free drinks and snacks while losing your money. The pool and beach were magnificent. We especially enjoyed dinner out on the patio overlooking the beach - very romantic. All in all, a great worthwhile hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid at all costs, even if they want to pay you to stay there. The experience was akin to the blind date from hell. You know, the one where she looked great from a distance but once she opened her mouth there were no teeth nor any vocabulary to be found. Avoid at all costs!  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So-so hotel in downscale district The staff is mostly friendly but the service is slipshod. Maid service runs from mediocre to poor. Room service is awful. The place looks pretty rundown, and the rooms are in second-rate shape. Nice pools and pool staff. The adjoining public beach is filthy. The neighborhood is in poor shape, with some good restaurants and not much else. Hotel restaurants are OK with friendly staff, but they are badly organized with unnecessary congestion, esp. on weekends.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great and fun time We researched many hotels as to the beach involved. My boyfriend and I wanted to hear the waves at night and walk out to the beach when we wanted. We found the Marriott CasinoResort (Condado area) to be the one! After we got there, we toured many other hotels. I am also a travel agent, outside sales. I was very glad we chose the Marriott. Their beach is everything they said it was. In fact, not many of the other hotels had much of a beach at all. We left our door open at night and listened to the waves. We had no problems with mosquitos or flies. The hotel's buffet for dinner was just OK. But their breakfast buffet was really good. We found a Mexican restaurant, 6 blks away, toward Old San Juan that was wonderful. It was the only one I saw on Condado Beach. I would really like to go to the island of Viequess just off Puerto Rico on my next visit. They have a beautiful beach all the way around island. The tour of Old San Juan was great. Overall, the people were fabulous. We never met anyone that wasn't pleasnt and fun to ask questions. Many families were out for Sundays which is better than what we see in the US mainland. Overall, we went before and after a cruise. I would definitely like to go back to Puerto Rico and spend a week, touring their island more. It was much prettier than some of the islands on the cruise itinerary. Loved it overall!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>it was okay this hotel was average at best. the staff was nice but the service was slow and sometimes bad. the room was ok but a little dingy. restaurants were average... this is a good place if you don't want to stay more than 4-5 days in san juan. if longer, splurge on a nicer place.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here   showReview(1130593, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KLDUNAGAN
<Content>Good pre -cruise hotel   showReview(1028202, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two Thumbs up   showReview(908551, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great!!!!   showReview(834410, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All the right elements...   showReview(695512, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great pre/post Cruise deal   showReview(639049, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>san juan marriott   showReview(628534, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Outstanding   showReview(495937, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Marriott: Good place to stay pre or post cruise   showReview(407269, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Party Place   showReview(360745, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NenaBologna
<Content>Che bella vacanza!!!   showReview(13522044, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s tr猫s mauvaise impression   showReview(13979507, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>todebald
<Content>Surfait   showReview(8441404, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	5	3	2	3	

