<Author>BrittainBoy
<Content>Great 4* value Picked Granados 83 for a 4 day pre-Xmas break. It is an excellent 4* hotel in a genuinely quiet location (semi-pedestrian street, no traffic noise) just 3 blocks from La Pedrera. Very well trained and helpful staff were a particular plus point. The rooms are well described on the Hotel website (look there for full details  pics) , but I'd summarize it as Design styling, but with enough wood and leather to avoid being cold. Absolutely spotlessly clean, with a huge and powerful shower (no bath - at least in rm 511). Plus a few antiques spread about to break up the shiny surfaces.Good breakfast buffet + a la carte eggs/bacon etc. available - but check whether it is included in your rate. Only one minor niggle - the heating/ac was slightly noisier than ideal. But Barcelona was such a lovely temperature in Dec that we just turned it off anyway.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrsscottydog
<Content>Great style and service We stayed at The Granados 83 in October 2008. After searching many sites and reviews we agreed on the Granados due to its location and design qualities. I checked the booking before we arrived and the receptionist was very polite and friendly. When we arrived we had a similar greeting and were impressed by the look and feel of the hotel. We were given one of the disabled rooms on the ground floor which although very nice felt a bit claustrophobic with a view onto the inner coutyard which was not private. We had booked a city view room. We went back to reception and were told that they were fully booked. They offered us a free upgrade to a superior room for our second night which we accepted. Later that night we received an apology from the manager with free bubbly and strawberries! Our new room was actually smaller but had a balcony at the back of the hotel with a view onto backs of apartments. Saying this, we did enjoy our stay and would recommend Granados 83. The staff were friendly and professional, the rooms were more than adequate and the general design and ambiance beautiful. Make sure you get what you have booked though and dont let them fob you off with something else!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JCLON
<Content>Great hotel - you just need earplugs Booked this hotel via Expedia as they had a very good rate. It is a very nice hotel, great design, very comfortable cozy rooms. Most of the rooms have brick wall views as they overlook a light well. Since I was there in business I did not really mind 鈥?plus it is usually bad news to have a room on a busy street in Spain as it tends to be noisy until late. Unfortunately, the room was not so quiet, as the Air Conditioning unit made a humming noise all night. It was not even mine; the noise was coming from the hallway. I checked in other hallways on other floors and the humming noise was there as well. I used earplugs which took care of the problem, so all in all, not too bad an experience. I recommend this hotel for the design and its location as long as you have earplugs handy.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>minxypinxy
<Content>Chic and stylish Chic hotel - really stylish - simple but very elegant Fantastic breakfast Simple Decor Huge bed - leather furniture , big TV, wooden floors luxury bathroom Great bar - small, but very trendy with its black furniture Bit of a walk to get to the Ramblas but worth it as it meant hotel did not suffer lots of noise at night Great patisserie opposite - we pigged out on their profiteroles !Loads of lovely shops to amble around on the way down to the centre Went over Xmas - loads of places open and it was sunny !  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>St-Lucia_Enthusiast
<Content>Great Designer Hotel This is a great designer hotel. Having read some of the previous reviews I was a bit worried about noise etc but it was not a problem. This was a special treat so I booked a duplex room, which has a bedroom upstairs with shower room and wc and a living room downstairs with bath, shower, wc. Off the bedroom there was outside steps leading up to a sectioned off roof terrace with a long narrow pool. So, two wardrobes, 2 showers, 4 bathrobes, endless fluffy towels plus two pool towels and 2 minibars and LCD Tvs!On our first night we came back from a restaurant to find that we had been given a complimentary bottle of Cava. Even the glasses (by Schott) were designer. A nice touch.PlusesAs mentioned by other reviewers, the staff at the Grenados are really nice and genuinely interested in people having a good time. They were very helpful answering my questions and recommending hotels. They were professional, unobstrusive and a real asset.The Housekeeping was outstanding. Our room was checked 3x a day and any used towels replaced. They were also very generious with the toileteries.The bedroom had a comfortable bed and the blackout blinds were really effective. It was very quiet. The lighting and lit antiquities in the corners all added to the atmosphere. We had the fried eggs on the pillow bit too which was a bit strange........ The rather funky music and music system took a bit of getting used too, imagine trance and club chill music and this should give you some idea! By the 3rd night I was looking forward to some of the tracks however!The pool terrace bar upstairs and the atmosphere both at 7:30 in the evening and when we came back after going to a restaurant, was chilled. Other guests seemed to meet up there too and the cocktails, particularly the mojitos were lovely if very strong! We were there until 1am on two nights (the official closing time is 2am).The semi-private pool was nice but is really a strip of water that runs along the terrace and you can't really swim in it. It was also cold but we are used to this! Having our own sunloungers, table and umbrella on the terrace was a plus.We had breakfast at the hotel once on the day we checked out and it was good.We ate in the restaurant the first night and the food was modern Mediterranean My husband had a tuna tartare with wasabi sorbet which was exceptional. Again the lighting and design of the restaurant and outside eating area all added to the experience.MinusesThe cocktails were on the pricey side as was the restaurant but the quality was good.The downstairs shower flooded the floor, the bath has a channel running around it which fills up with water when the shower is on and floods the floor. The view from the semi-private terrace was uninspiring, and, if you book the duplex rooms leading from the ground floor( we had 206) you are a bit overlooked from the balconies above. I understand that there are duplex rooms on the 5th/6th floor but you may get more noise from the bar there.Finally, the steps in the connecting rooms are all in orange marble and the floors are wood, with the low lighting it would have been easy to miss one. There is a railing going down from the bedroom to the hall area but not to the sitting room. Because of the above I give the hotel 4/5 but I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Swedish_Traveller
<Content>Design hotel with good location       Entrance to hotel  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>mrglobal
<Content>Top-notch design, great service, but beware the single rooms. THE GOOD: Unlike many design hotels, this one looks every bit as good in person as in photos. Though small, the rooms are really chic (though perhaps too masculine for some women's taste). The designers did not scrimp on materials, and it shows. Beautiful wood and wood veneer throughout. Leather and marble also used in large quantities. Great black-out shutters, too. The entire staff was extremely friendly and professional. The location is also very desireable, close to the tourist center, but not directly in it, a two block walk from the less-toursity part of Las Ramblas (Rambla de Catalunya) and a similar number of blocks from the Metro.THE BAD: The closet is a tight fit, but the real complaint (as in most boutique hotels) is the noise. A good-looking hotel is great, but if you can't sleep, what's the point? In fact, I'm growing so exasperated with this problem that I'm ready to go back to the Holiday Inn! Halls are covered in hard, noise-echoing surfaces, which serve to amplify the sounds of slamming doors and housekeepers rustling trash bags. I don't remember ever having trouble sleeping at a hotel (when not under construction) until the boutique trend started. Soon I'll get over being a slave to design...THE UGLY: I booked a single room since I was traveling alone. A double bed was specified at the time of booking, so nothing seemed suspicious and I assumed this referred to the number of travelers. Wrong! Imagine my surprise when taken to my room only to find that it had no outside exposure! It was really tiny (okay, I can live with that), but I could not accept that the window looked into the indoor lobby atrium. No sunlight, no air, nada! And what really galled me is that when I went to ask for a different room, the otherwise pleasant clerk breezily told me that all single rooms have windows onto the patio. As if I should have known better than to expect a window to the OUTSIDE. First of all, it isn't a patio if there's a solid roof over it (not even glass). The clerk tried to convince me that what I didn't have was a view. I explained that what I didn't have was a window, even if the view was only of an airshaft. The solution? You guessed it... I paid 30 euro a night extra to upgrade to a double room which was only slightly larger, had the same-sized bed, but had an actual window.This disingenousness on the part of the hotel marketers--and the training they've given the staff on how to respond to the resulting complaints--cast a shadow over what would otherwise have been a mostly-pleasant stay. The hotel group needs to be honest with customers at the time of booking, and let them decide whether or not they can live without exposure to the outside world. Otherwise, they are employing bait-and-switch tactics which are unethical.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Petrushka3
<Content>Chic, sexy and modern Stayed at the Granados on business rather than pleasure and obviously this puts a different perspective on my stay.The most obvious thing to say is simply that the hotel is extremely chic and classy, with some stunning art work throughout. Check-in was friendly and effecient and although my room wasn't ready on arrival, the staff were very quick to sit me in the small bar with a complimentary drink. Communal spaces are a little limited, but I actually rather liked that - may have felt differently if this had been a holiday though.The high quality finishes and style followed through to my room which whilst a little small, was more than adequate for me. Really nicely decorated with quality fixtures and fittings. The view at the back of the hotel isn't that exciting! But what would you expect from an inner city hotel.The restaurant and room service was excellent and whilst it was a little expensive, it was certainly not ridiculous. The staff were superb, friendly and helpful - which in some ways is even more important when you are on your own without family!I must admit, I didn't see as much of the city as I'd have liked due to work, but certainly the hotel is well positioned for the main shopping areas.I think this is a superb hotel for business trips or for weekend breaks. It didn't seem the sort of place for children or families (a plus if I'm honest). I do think I'd want something a little more substantial if I was staying for more than a couple of days and with my wife - but I would have no reservations in recommending the Granados. Overall, it looks fantastic, the service is great and the hotel feels high quality throughout.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>breakfast4two
<Content>Great hotel in perfect location Great find! After staying in two other hotels in Barcelona my husband and I found this little boutique hotel a real gem and by far the best hotel in Barcelona on our trip. We stayed four nights and can't understand why it's not more highly rated on Trip Advisor?Firstly, the location was perfect in a very stylish and safe neighbourhood - close to everything (sights, shopping and an array of interesting restaurants). We loved that we could just stroll in the evenings to a pick of restaurants and not have to worry about catching the metro or a taxi.Staff were extremely pleasant and attentive. The rooms, although small, were very groovy and well-appointed. The only annoying thing we found was the light on our balcony stayed on 24/7. After informing front desk we were told that due to a design flaw, the light couldn't be switched off! Thankfully, the window blinds were able to sufficiently block out the light.The roof top terrace was great for an afternoon/evening drink and breakfast was substantial with great service. We would come back again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hokuhoshi
<Content>Interesting Experience My husband and I stayed three nights at Granados 83.Our room was small, but very well designed and modern. Our view, as other reviewers had stated, was of an empty lot across the street. Pool and gym are tiny.Free internet access, but you do need to rent a cable from the hotel.The staff were excellent, helpful and friendly. Housekeeping too.Our only issue - smoke permeating our room. Room was supposedly smoke-free, but we think it may have come through the vents from the restaurants and bars throughout the hotel. I'm pretty sensitive to smoke, so ended up with congestion in my lungs that pretty much lasted throughout our two-week trip. We loved the wonderful restaurants and neighborhood of the Eixample surrounding Granados 83. We'd most likely stay in the same area, but different hotel.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DrCorona
<Content>Stylish in a nice part of town Positive:-Great value-Good location (I really liked the neighborhood, lots of bars and restaurants)-Stylish-Staff was very polite and helpful-CleanNegative:-View from the room was pretty much a demolished building-Room were not very big (had the standard twin)-The sound-proofing need improvment, its was as the door didnt exist some times, especially when the cleaning started in the mornings. (This is what made the ranking 4/5 instead of 5/5)  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Wandering20082008
<Content>Great location and edgy decor This modern Design Hotel is filled with ancient sculpture and is a wonderful oasis when the Barcelona scene gets to be too much. The bed is huge and comfy with soft pillows and quality bed linens. There is free internet access.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>TotallyBushed
<Content>Verdict: spectacular       Room 201  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>BrunswickBabe
<Content>Good value, good location I enjoyed my stay at the Granados 83. Staff were warm and helpful. The hotel is VERY modern and clean. The location is very convenient, but since it is the Eixample district, it is much quieter than staying in the Barri Gothic. The one drawback of the hotel is that it almost seemed too quiet. For such a cool place, there was never anyone at the bar or at the pool. Also, some of the rooms do not have very large windows (I didn't care about this, and thought the darkness really allowed me to sleep well).  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>AOkoro
<Content>Absolutely fantastic! Stayed here Feb 2007 for two nights. After having been holed up in a putrid dive passing itself off as a three-star hotel in Madrid, this couldn't have been more of a contrast.Superb, boutique hotel, great rooms (shame about the lack of windows though), top-notch bar.Would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcgorr
<Content>Excellent hotel The hotel is conveiently placed for shopping near the Rambla, a 10 minute walk away, although difficult to get to other than walking or a taxi. I booked thru the website, 123 euros room only. It was excellent in every way; the room was very,very spacious with great lighting systems, robes, slippers and toiletries. It had a leather sofa, wooden floors, plasma TV and as I said a brilliant lighting system. Staff was excellent, hekpful and accommodating. I didn't eat in the hotel. I will certainly return. Ate in a nearby restaurant with superb good at reasonable prices, there seemed to be lots nearby.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Its_Scandinavian
<Content>We loved the breakfast This is a very nice design hotel with a good location close to the old and the new part of Barcelona. It's not a five star property but a good four star property. We really loved the breakfast with small mozarella cheese and fresh fruit in a nice atmosphere. Our room had a small balcony we really enjoyed. Special benefits/amenities such as a red rose, complimentary early morning espresso and a evening juice made the stay even more enjoyable. There was not a bathtub in the clean white bathroom but the shower was great. The ambiance in the roof top bar and in the restaurant was very slow, but only because the missing of other people. I really like the design with water falls and sinks allover. A great stay and a nice hotel!  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>FloridaTravelmum
<Content>Great Eixample Boutique Hotel This was our second stay at Granados 83, so we definitely liked it well enough to return. Location is hard to beat. Right in the middle of the Eixample area with lots of dining options in walking distance. While rooms are small, they are so well laid out that you don't even notice. They have a restful color scheme with lots of dark wood, the obligatory flat screen tv on the wall but behind a sliding panel. The bathroom was stark white with all the modern trappings and nice amenities all kitted out in a little zippered case, presumably to just slip in your 1 quart, see through, zip lock bag for airplane travel. Staff was helpful with dining reservations and recommended the Windsor, where we had the best (non tapas) meal of our trip. We've never eaten in the hotel's own restaurant, except for breakfast, which is lovely but a bit pricey, but the space is certainly pleasing. All in all, we could find nothing to quibble about with this place and a great deal to like, especially the value when you book one of the rooms for an off-season February visit. BTW Barcelona is a terrific European destination at that time of year with temps in the high 50s and even 60s permitting lunchtime outdoor dining.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>AndreaSP
<Content>I am so curious about the fried eggs!!!! I have just come back from a 5-day trip to Barcelona, in which I stayed at Hotel Granados 83. The hotel is located 2 blocks from a metro station and 3 blocks from Passeig de Gracia, where you find fancy shops and Gaudi鈥檚 buildings La Pedrera and Casa Batll贸. It is situated in a very quiet street, but do not expect a deep silence, because any sound from the corridor echoes loudly into the room and this is, in my opinion, Granado 83鈥檚 greatest weakness. In the positive side, staff is very professional and helpful (well, except for a lady in the reception to whom I asked where I could buy the same quilt they use in the hotel 鈥?a really beautiful one 鈥?and she said that was classified information鈥?. The room is spotless, with tasteful modern d茅cor, good bathrooms and excellent free wireline internet connection, what makes it a perfect place for business travelers (most of the guests I met seemed to be traveling on business). However, if you are on holidays, you may want to stay at a hotel nearer Pla莽a de Catalunya and La Rambla, which is about 10 blocks from Granados 83.Hotel鈥檚 restaurant serves a satisfactory breakfast and dinner is good, but a bit pricey. If you decide to have dinner in a restaurant nearby, please run away from Xarabal (Enric Granados 24). My husband and I had the worst food poisoning ever for eating fish there.In short, even being a nice hotel overall, I would recommend this hotel just for business travelers; otherwise you may feel a little bit isolated from Barcelona鈥檚 lively life.By the way, if someone from the hotel reads my review; could you please explain to me the meaning of the rubber-like fried eggs on the bed in the night before we left? Were they candies?  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	3	5	

<Author>brazilianwanderlust
<Content>Charming hotel       Room  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Teme
<Content>Great experience Stayed 4 nights at Granados 83 in early November. Over all a great experience. Liked especially the design - dark surfaces, wood and leather, use a rough metal etc. We had a room on 6th floor. A nice little balcony facing the inner yard. Room was adequate in size, nice bathroom as well. The hotel corridors have wooden floors and it really was quite noisy from time to time. We had a loft sensation package and the breakfast was included. The buffet was generous, served in a calm enviroment. Very nice start for the day. Hotel staff was helpful. The room was cleaned twice a day.Location is good, a few blocks away from the main shopping street Passaig de Gracia. Lots of restaurants and bars nearby.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Northcutts
<Content>Your reservation may be worthless!!!! This hotel looks great and it is in a great area, but be warned that they might sell your room right out from under you!!! We booked 4 rooms for a major trade show to be held in February 2008, paid a deposit, got confirmations from the major online booking company we used. I sent a follow up email directly to the hotel to confirm the reservation and got no reply. About a week or two later I got a call from the online booking company to tell me that this hotel did not have our rooms (to their credit they helped us find another hotel and did offer some compensation for our inconvenience). Upon further conversation it came out that the Granados 83 most likely did have the rooms at the time we booked, but decided that they could get more money for the rooms and so gave ours to someone else. BAD BUSINESS. Like I said, it may be a nice place, but if you are going to stay here, keep watch on your reservations!!!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Snaffs
<Content>Great hotel Unlike many other hotels I have stayed in, this one looks exactly like the pictures on their website. The decor is well designed and high quality fittings have been used. The location is in easy access to the main areas yet far enough away to avoid the traffic noise.We had requested a smoking room when we booked on Lastminute.com however upon arrival we found out that the whole hotel is non smoking. The desk staff were extremely helpful and offered us the option of having a non smoking room or they would do us a good price to upgrade to a suite. We were shown both rooms and immediately took the suite. We had room 607 which has a small balcony outside the bedroom, a mezannine floor with sofa, tv etc and opens onto a lovely terrace. The terrace is shared between 4 or 5 rooms (although we did not see anybody else out there during our 3 night stay) and has a swimming pool running along the length of it. Whilst the pool was too cold to use suring late October it was a lovely feature and made the terrace very relaxing. I can imagine during a hot summer this would be lovely for a dip after a long day walking around the city.All the staff in the hotel were very friendly and helpful and all spoke good English.I cannot comment on the food as we ate outside the hotel. The breakfast is rather expensive at 16 Euros and there are plently of places nearby to get a coffee and some breakfast and sit outside and watch the world go by.If you need to get a taxi from the hotel I would recommend hailing one in the street, as if you book one by phone a charge of about 6 Euros is added to your fare before you have gone anywhere.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>uctpa08
<Content>Looks nice but not a great hotel There are four things which a great hotel should not have:1. Bedrooms directly off the entrance lobby2. Bedrooms on the ground floor3. Bedrooms with windows looking directly out onto walls or other blank spaces4. Bedrooms with windows looking directly into public areasI had all four.And the hotel wasn't anywhere like full. And you shouldn't need to ask to change rooms.The hotel is stylish. The bar on the top floor is nice. The rooms are nicely fitted out.But when you feel like you have no privacy because there's a bar directly outside your door; When you have to keep the internal door closed at night to block out the sound of music in the lobby; When you have to keep the curtains closed because otherwise people can see straight into your room:It's not a great hotel.It calls itself 4*+. It isn't. In fact, it can't be.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>GeeBee200
<Content>Fantastic Find Personally i hate the huge, impersonal Hilton-esqu hotels, where you feel you are merely a hotel room number, hence i generally try and stay in smaller chains or singular hotels. My stay at Granados confirmed my thoughts - it's a lovely little hotel (77 rooms) in the middle of Barcelona. The team were great - they were all so helpful and friendly and really seemed to care if you were enjoying your stay. Our room was on the small side, but it was perfectly adequate and i'm sure that they would have moved us if we could have been bothered. The air conditioning was quite loud so we had them turn it off and the toiletries were a bit naff, but if these are the only things one can moan about, then it shows how good a hotel it was! Rooms are fairly trendy - funky lights - low level LED's in the shower etc, lots of Zebra wood and flat screen TV's, white marble bathrooms. Lovely Mojito's on the roof terrace overlooking the sky line and staff happy to chat about life in Barcelona. It is situated about 10 mins walk from the main shopping area, and there are plenty of little cafes surrounding it. I would recommend this hotel to friends and will be looking at its sister hotels when i go to Madrid or London next year.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>xichic
<Content>Absolutely incredible boutique hotel!!!       bathroom  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>caetanomi
<Content>just ok... Hotel Granados 83 is a less luxurious copy of Hotel Urban in Madrid. I stayed there for a couple of days and the room was ok and quite stylish but nothing more. The food i had as room service was really disappointing such as the staff that didn't seemed to interested in helping out. I would say its a hotel that you will forget after a week and never come back to.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>kshalla
<Content>Immmpresionante!!!!!!! I booked this hotel because I've found that the design hotels group is always fabulous! We stayed only one night, but it was amazing and they offered us room 209 that has a huge terrace with a small pool. We didn't use many of their other services but the front desk staff was extremely helpful and the location fabulous. We lived in Barcelona for 5 years and this is one of our favorite streets.BTW- almost right accross the hotel is a lovely wine shop.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>ClubVoyage
<Content>Cool design - great place for a business meeting I stayed here for two nights on business and therefore used the private meeting room (easily seats 25-30). This is a lovely room -with mosiacs and exposed brick - such a refreshing change from the usual bland corporate spaces.The bedrooms are a good size and well equipped - leather sofa, comfortable bed, big bathroom with power shower, small porthole window, and smart sliding doors which reveal the TV, Internet point and warddrobe. Wooden floors and exposed brick give the room that trendy loft feel. The room service is excellent and reasonably priced - the in-room breakfast is certainly a generous start to the day.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	5	3	

<Author>Dubdee2
<Content>Almost perfect - Avoid noisy 6th floor! I was very impressed with this hotel - the decor is amazing and the rooms very comfortable and clean. However if you are booking rooms here, make sure they are not on 6th floor. There is a lovely roof terrace bar at the top of the hotel which was the floor above 6th. There's a huge amount of noise from chairs being dragged around the roof terrace, which is particularly bad at night. It actually woke us up from our sleep on many occasions and went on well into the night. Out of a party of 7, the others had rooms on other floors and had no such complaints. That said, I would have no other complaints about his hotel. I found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. I thought the breakfast was a bit steep at 鈧?6, however some of our party indulged and said it was well worth it for the choice and quality of food. We all ate at the hotel restaurant one of the evenings and enjoyed it very much. The hotel room itself was perfect - very comfy beds, curtains that work on a switch mechanism and a complicated but cool lighting system where you can play around with different levels of dimming. From a design point of view its ultra-modern and quirky but doesn't lose anything on comfort in the process.The standard ot cleaning was excellent - rooms were attended to twice daily and sweets left on the bed each day.I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Barcelona - the location is good, a little out of the centre but not too far out - taxis usually cost about 鈧? to La Ramblas and around that area. The prices in the hotel bar are very expensive, but there are plenty of places around to indulge in a cheaper tipple - cocktails were better value at 鈧?0 and delicious!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Katie_lou2284
<Content>I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Barcelona My friend and I spend 3 hours choosing the right hotel to stay at in Barcelona. I'm so glad we spent that much time as Hotel Granados 83 was truly amazing. Away from the main tourist areas of Las Ramblas and Placa de Catalunya (but still just a short 10 min walk away), the hotel is set in a peaceful road close the metro and train network, and also the Passeig de Gracia. There are lots of great restaurants near by, which are definitely worth a visit, and unlike the Ramblas area, feels very safe to walk round at night.The rooms in the hotel were fantastic - spacious, beautifully decorated and well kept, with a team of staff who go out of their way to help you. We were most impressed by the concierge team who were really friendly and helpful. They have a great knowledge of all things Barcelona, and were able to recommend to us everything from the best place for Tapas and Paella, to the sights to visits away from the rest of the tourists. Maybe the only thing which was questionable was the pool as it was a really tiny dipping pool, however still situated on a beautiful rooftop terrace (complete with bar and an interesting assortment of music!!), which was perfect to cool off at the end of a day of sightseeing.I would (and have) recommend this hotel to anyone who visits Barcelona. It was great not being down at the hectic Ramblas, and the location made it so easy to get everywhere. Pay this hotel a visit!!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tiggsey
<Content>Granados 83 Definately stay here! Have just returned from a 3 night stay in Barcelona where we stayed at the Granados 83 hotel. A fabulous design boutique hotel that looked better than its photos (first time i have been able to say that!)The room was inpeccably clean and very comfortable and stylish. The staff were very friendly and helpful.The hotel is in a great location, away from the over touristy Ramblas area and minutes way from the Passig de Gracia and Ramblas de Catalunya. The latter being fantastic for outdoors dining. The hotel has a small room top pool and terrace bar which was very welcome after a days sightseeing. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Barcelona as it is great value for money  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElizHog
<Content>Great service, location, and value! The Granados 83 is a really great hotel. We stayed there 13-16 July and had not one problem during this time. It's in a great location in the L'Eixample district and is up the Ramblas from the heavily tourist populated Barri Gottic district (we visited here one evening but found it too hectic for a relaxing weekend in BCN and headed back to our hotel's district to relax!). We felt the area where the hotel is gave more of an insight into Barcelona life with less hustle and bustle and a lovely relaxed atmosphere in the area. The hotel has a very comfortable, trendy New York loft style. There's a great terrace bar and swimming pool on the roof which is great by day to catch some sun and enjoy a drink while relaxing and by night it's great to return up there after a meal for a night cap in the balmy night air with some cool music in the background. FOOD: The reception and bar staff are 'very' helpful - just ask them for recommendations for where to eat and you won't be disappointed. Over the three nights we stayed we ate near the hotel. The nicest meal we had was in 'Windsor Restaurant' a few blocks from the hotel. Try the DELICIOUS gastronomique/tasting menu (鈧?0pp incl wine) - I would say the nicest meal I've ever had! Have a drink in the Dry Martini bar near by before your meal. Very stylish place and a great way to start the evening. They have lots of different types of martinis and they also do other cocktails including a delicious Bloody Mary and beers etc. Also excellent is the more expensive (but worth it) La Dama Restaurant for fine, delicious food and excellent service (鈧?00pp meal and wine). Finally, go to Cerveceria Catalana for excellent tapas and a wonderful atmosphere - we ate here on our first night as we were looking for something light on arrival - grab a place at the bar or wait for a table - again all three of these places are a stroll from the hotel.Overall Barcelona is a great place to visit for a weekend. Do take the Tourist bus (jump on anywhere and buy a ticket) to get your barings. It's a wonderful way to see the city especially in the summer where it might be too hot for too much walking - The Parc Guell is lovely - our tip, grab a sandwich and drink on the way there (a street on the way uphill has a supermarket on the left near the top of the road). We thought in hindsight it would be nicer to grab a quiet place to sit and eat in the shade and enjoy the nice atmosphere and music playing around the park than sit at the cafes which are perfectly good but busier. Le Pedera is probably best visited earlier in the morning. We passed by in the morning and there were no queues, later in the day the queues were very long.Have a great time in Barcelona - everyone seems very friendly and are not just putting it on for the tourists - we were very impressed by the service we received from everyone!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mrspiglet
<Content>Fantastic Value  Stayed for 3 nights over a weekend having booked via Lastminute for less than 80GBP per night, this hotel is fabulous value for money, very chic the rooms are exactly as per the photos with the most comfortable beds, blackout blinds and none of the noise issues previously reported. Our room was 3rd floor facing the street at the front and we heard nothing, either from inside or outside the hotel. The rooms are of more than adequate size for 2 people, you certainly don't need to dance around each other, fabulous sliding wall that reveals either the TV/Mini bar or wardrobe  Safe. The roof pool area was fabulous late afternoon to chill out, relax and catch the sun, the bar staff up there friendly and helpful, it's not huge but it was never crowded with loungers and chairs always available, don't take the breakfast option, breakfast for 4 euros per person at any of the close by delis, hotel a 3 block walk to the Pedrera/Passeo de Gracia (7 minutes). We're going back !  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ARDNAHOE
<Content>Boutique in Barca Part of the Derby Collection (including the Claris Hotel), this central Barcelona hotel aims for the hip and trendy but is a good base for anyone touring the city. Located in the semi-pedestrianised C. Enric Granados you can walk most places you would want to see in central BCN. Front of house can seem severe in that Spanish kind of way but tend to be helpful. Spaniards do not tip -nor do Catalans - so a few Euros gets you better service. Avoid the deceptively named Executive rooms - I checked mine before signing in and upgraded to a standard double. Executive gets you a small tho pleasant room but with only an internal window onto the main lobby. The street is quiet at night so no real noise disturbance from there. But I was disturbed and you may be too -the hotel rooms are trendy but wooden floors and industrial decor mean little noise absorption and i needed to get up and get some earplugs as I finally worked out at 4 am those loud voices were not an adjoining room but referred noise from the ground-floor bar. Very pleasant rooms and bathrooms: well-appointed with attention to detail. There is a great gastro -cafe across the street and if you want a simple steak and chips head out the main door and turn left for 50 feet. The pool is a minute lap pool and to use the plunge pool you need to navigate the lovelies in the unprepossessing roof top terrace bar. Gym is minute! Avoid the expensive in-room breakfast.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>bdron
<Content>Don't stay here This hotel looks great, but the walls are paper thin, and it does not have the facilities expected of a 4*Superior hotel - e.g. no tissues in the bathroom! On our first night we had people in the next room partying until 5am, and we could hear every word they said. Eventually we got moved by security to another room to sleep for the remaining few hours of the night, since the staff were not that interested in getting them to stop. We got moved to a suite which was smaller than the room, and quite inconvient as it was split on 2 levels. The manager, Jon Mateos, and some of the staff are very arrogant and not helpful. Over-priced.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	2	1	3	

<Author>cuerveins
<Content>Nice hotel, but .... I booked this hotel because of its appealing design, the very good location and a relatively fair price. Now, rather than focussing on the experience of staying in the hotel (I will come to this later), let me briefly state something about how I would assess the quality of service, customer orientation and flexibility towards clients needs. I booked 2 rooms for 3 nights, and I booked 2 nights in advance of the supposed arrival. Now, at the day of arrival it became evident that we would not be able to get to BCN. After calling the hotel to cancel the reservation, they politely informed me that I would have to pay EUR 1,500 for all 3 nights. Why? Because I oversaw someting in the booking: the cancellation policy for the first 2 nights was 24h, but for the 3rd night 7 (!) days. Now, how would you expect a quality hotel to respond to such a situation? Of course, it is alwyas easy to hide beyond the customer麓s stupidity - and of course it is my fault not having reviewed carefully the booking conditions. But on the other side I think it is fair to expect from a quality hotel that they have a sense for mistakes their customers can commit, that there is some common sense in not charging EUR 1,500 for services that were not provided, and not upset their customers by showing themselves as rigid as the worst public administration, and not aiming for cashing out twice on the same room, they know will be empty. It would have been absolutely ok to chrge the first and may be even the second night. But for the 3rd night (which was by far the most expensive one) it simply does not seem to be fair.So: I did not make it to enjoy this hotel. But I got a taste of what probably would expect me, if something else goes wrong. And as I said earlier: I think quality of service becomes evident when the unforeseen happens, when flexibility is required or a problem must be solved. In my case I can only say that I felt dissapointment as to how they dealt with my problem.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jack06
<Content>Fabulous Location, Chic Hotel! Hotel Granados 83 is in an excellent location, about a 10 minute walk from Las Ramblas.The hotel is very chic. The rooms also have fabulous electronic blinds that convert the room into total darkness (great for afternoon siesta). Some nice touches, such a bottle of water and chocolates left in our room on the first night. Also every evening around 6pm, 2 bottles of red iced tea were delivered to the room.Upon returning in the early evening, our bed had always been remade, and a quick refresh of the room had been done.Several nice bars in the hotel. Try the Bar on Level A, where you can sip your drinks next to the pool.Staff very helpful, with regard to booking taxis, making phone calls to restaurants etc.There are numerous cafes and restaurants only metres from the hotel.Would definetly stay here again.For a great seafood lunch in the sun at the beach, try Can Majo.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MartinChambers
<Content>A work of art! I wasn't surprised this hotel has been included at number 2 in the Daily Telegraph's top 5 Barcelona hotels. The staff are friendly, the interior is ABSOLUTELY beautiful and spotlessly clean. The location is ideal, being a few minutes walk from Casa Mila and Passeig de Gracia.There are bound to be some negatives. The wooden floors transmit shoe noise to the floor below and the hotel pointedly supplies slippers at the side of the bed each time the room is attended to (several times a day). The shower doors don't work and leave water on the floor every time. The buffet breakfast is a little pricey at 16 Euros. But on the other hand it includes different breads, pastries, meats, cheeses, fresh fruits, tea/coffee, a cooked menu and a delightful lady who plies you with delicious fresh orange juice - so we usually went for it. I think the price is not unusual for comparable hotels.But these were minor issues for us. Overall, this was a hotel we always felt pleased and uplifted to return to. I would not hesitate to return, next time I go to this lovely city.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>karl_H11
<Content>Great Stylish Little Hotel, Great Location! 83 Granados is a modern little hotel close to the metro, easy to walk to various tourist attractions (Gaudi buildings, shopping, restaurants) or a quick taxi ride to your destination. Traveling alone, I opted for a single room. It was clean and had all of the conveniences I could need (complimentary in-room internet access, a desk, plasma tv), soaking tub with a rain head shower, tasteful contemporary plumbing fixtures, natural stone bathroom and hardwood floors in the sleeping area. The room that I had did not have a view, which was slightly disappointing (there was a view, but it looked into the hotel lobby), but the room was tasteful enough that it really didn't make a difference. The bed was small, for one person, but I was fine with that as I was alone. However, not all single rooms have small beds. I changed to another single the following day and it had a larger bed. The room still had a view of the lobby, but cest la vie. The halogen room lights are on dimmers, so you can adjust the lighting to your liking. A nice touch in my opinion. The lobby is comfortable and inviting. I apologize that I didn't take pictures. It has a casual lounge feel that I found appealing. You can relax there with a drink while enjoying a book or chatting with friends. There's a small, quiet bar adjacent to the lobby where I enjoyed a cocktail while chatting with the bartender, a very personable young woman from Barcelona. Evidently there is a restaurant at the hotel, but unfortunately I didn't have time to visit it. If I was to stay at this hotel again, I would look at several rooms before making a final selection. My friends, who also had booked a room at the hotel, had a double room which had a lovely view overlooking the hotel's outdoor deck and swimming pool. The patio door opened up so they were able to enjoy fresh air and the pleasant view. Well worth the extra 60-80 Euros if you ask me. I also suggest not staying in the wing of the hotel where the freight elevator is. There was a quite a bit of noise from it as I would hear the bellmen wheeling guest's luggage down the tile hallway. My other complaint about my visit is that the cleaning people are really quite noisy. I was awakened two mornings in a row at 7:30 AM by the cleaning crew having loud and lively conversations in the hallways. It was beyond irritating, especially since I am not an early riser. All in all I think Granados 83 offers good value for the money in a stylish, modern setting. The entire staff was friendly and helpful and it's a quick taxi ride from the airport (it took me about 20-25 minutes with moderate traffic). I'd definitely consider staying here again, but I would ask that the cleaning people be more respectful of guests that don't wake up early.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GranadaHills2005
<Content>Really enjoyed this hotel       Restaurant 1  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AlScotland
<Content>Great Location Spent ages deciding on which hotel to stay in on my first trip to Barca. I could'nt have picked a better one.Great location, close enough to everything yet in a quiet picturesque spot. Theres a great little trendy Italian just down from the hotel. No problem walking around this area even late at night.Just perfect. The police station is about 100m away on the same street anyway.. The hotel is really cool and clean and has a really chilled atmosphere about it.. Staff very friendly. Soundproofing seems good as well. We had people either side and never heard them once. My only gripe about the hotel is the price of the drink. The rooftop terrace is great and is georgeous at night but the drink is very expensive so not alot of poeple drank there witch is a shame. When I go back to Bara I'll be staying in the same place.AAA++++  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>skaur
<Content>Can't wait to go back! WOW - what a fab hotel. Funky , stylish and incredibly comfy. The staff were super friendly - couldnt have done more to make our stay any better. location was great, close enough to the hub of the city and far away enough from the noise. will definatly be going back and highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>willking46
<Content>great spot cool as..... just comeback from a midweek break in barcelona,fantastic time the hotel was perfectly placed,the rooms are very nice, great decor,cool bathroom and very clean,service in the hotel excellent,looking forward to returning in September.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jackler
<Content>sexy rooms and good breakfast...a few more things and it would be perfect Beautifully designed hotel and fabulous breakfast. They showed us the suites and they are beautiful. Would want to splurge on those next time. They made good restaurant recommendations. We loved the location. Immaculately kept.The staff were fairly helpful, but not much as I expect from a hotel of that rating. We booked through a promotion so we were given a room with no exterior windows which was disappointing. We also wish they had an arrangement with a gym in the area. Would stay again though, but would request a different room.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JimboBerlin
<Content>Not the best value in town but they try To put things in perspective, Barcelona seems to attract several hotels that go out of their way to be hip and cool. Granados 83 is no exception. The hotel is well located, on a relatively quiet street that has good access to the centre of town and nearby restaurants, however on the back side of the hotel is the school yard of an adjacent school. If you rise early the noise from the kids playing will not be an issue though.The rooms of the hotel are quite small but it's the simple details that the hotel has had problems with such as the absence of a comfortable pillow; beds that are very firm; the absence of a second blanket for cold evenings and most disturbing of all the fact that their light switches are remarkably complicated. Yes, that's right, their light switches! Each with 7 or 8 buttons both my partner and I were unable to do basic things like head to the bathroom in the middle of the night without fully illuminating the entire room, when our desire was to simply turn on the bathroom light.The pricing was a tad steep too. At 200 Euros a night without much of an option to check-out late, we did not receive the best value. The front desk staff tried to be helpful but it seemed that they knew little about the city and had to consult the internet with each question posed. I was even sent several blocks away to have a massage while a wonderful massage was to be had at a spa just 4 meters from the hotel.Anyway, if you are on your way to Barcelona then pick something else unless of course they are willing to give you a break on pricing etc.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>andenhal
<Content>Granados 83 Stayed at the Granados 83 for our silver wedding anniversary in July. Very Very stylish indeed. We got a great introductory deal so decided to book. We got the basic room but it was still lovely. The bathroom was nice but the sink was rather impractical - as everyone mentions in their reviews. We decided to upgrade to a room with a balcony. It was nice to sit outside on returning of an evening. But the view left something to be desired. The rear view of the apartments opposite was shabby and a bit depressing. I wouldn't have been impressed if I had booked a room with its own private terrace and pool either. I dont know how expensive it was but the pool was just a long thin strip that ran along three terraces (it was only about 3ft wide).The food looked lovely but it was rather expensive for us so we ate out all the time. There are loads of cheap places to eat. We found a lovely little bar just over the road I think it was called the Mediteranian bar. The staff were really friendly and it was a good place to stop off on the way back for the last glass of wine.All in all a good place to visit, if a little trendy for us oldies (the muzac was rather irritating).  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	4	

<Author>7continents
<Content>Definitely stay here!!!       breakfast area  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>USA/Dutchgaycouple
<Content>Nice hotel but not quite there yet We just stayed here for several nights in room 610--probably the most remote room in the hotel. It is a great looking hotel in a prime location on a quiet street. We are gay couple and liked the fact that the hotel was close enough to the bars (four blocks) but not in the middle of them. Our double room was on the highest floor with a balcony---I requested this in advance as the website did not ask for room preferences. Previous reviews are correct in saying that the double rooms are small but we found them adequate. The bed was comfortable and the automatic blinds that make the room pitch black were a real plus. The staff for the most part were very accomodating and charming, especially those in the restaurant and terrace bar. The food in the restaurant is also good although on the night we were there---Friday--there was only one other couple eating. Great outside seating with water features. I do have a few complaints. The bathrooms we found VERY badly designed as our shower leaked onto the floor during each use and the sink although nice looking is not at all functional. We also had no hot water the morning we left. We alerted the front desk but when we checked out twenty minutes later, no one apologized for the cold showers. As noted by a previous reviewer, the lights in the room are VERY complicated but the ability to dim them both in the room and bathroom was nice. After three days of attempting to figure out how they work however, we remained stumped. The bedroom light switch dims the bathroom and vice versa and often the room lights would come on only when we wanted the bathroom lights on. They should offer directions however complicated. We also had a problem being directly below one of the small roof top pools. At 8 am on Saturday morning someone began hammering away. The final compaint is the noisy hallways and doors. One can hear every door close in the hallway from the bed. It would be nice if they could fix this since the zebrano wood floors carry the noise. Carpets in the hallways and some hardware for the doors are sorely needed. Never had the buffet breakfast as 16 E a piece was too expensive given the closeness of other cafes and the room service breakfast menu was way overpriced and so a la carte it was insane.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Marco_Polo_73
<Content>nice design hotel I really like this hotel. I stayed already three times there in the last months.However if you travel on your own make sure you get one of the double rooms with balcony. Also the double rooms are quite tiny but the interior single rooms are definitly too small.Beside that the hotel is very nice designed and is has a really good breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>NewYorkFamily
<Content>Loved the Hotel Granados 83 Stayed at the Hotel Granados 83 the last week in August for three nights. We had two duplex suites for our family of five. The suites were quite spacious with two floors and two bathrooms each, and unbeknownst to us, access to a swimming pool and deck that was shared with only two other suites. (There is also a rooftop deck and pools for the rest of the guests, along with a bar area that is accessed from a glass elevator.) The rooms are quite modern with all the latest gadgetry, which is very cool, but could have benefited from a directory of switches. Also, the bathrooms are very artistic, but it is difficult to keep water in the sink and shower/tubs. However, these were minor inconveniences. The staff was extremely helpful with directions and suggestions. Breakfast was lovely and there was an option to eat indoors or out. Roses and complimentary chocolates and bottled water awaited our arrival. While just beyond the outskirts of the main tourist attractions, we found the hotel, which is in a quiet residential area, to be very soothing after a day of touring or shopping. My teenage sons can't wait to go back. Our favorite restaurant in the area was a Tapas Bar called Cerveceria Catalana on Calle de Mallorca.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>samjane99
<Content>Brilliant... Can't think of anything negative to say about this hotel - the rooms were spotlessly clean and looked great with the modern furniture, fittings and bathroom (the large shower was great). The flat screen TV was a nice touch, and the balcony with furniture was also good. The maid left us a rose on the first night and turned down the bed for us each night.The rooftop bar and pool were great. The roof is a real sun trap during the day and it was great to be able to do a bit of sunbathing after the sightseeing of the day. The choice of 2 pools (1 with a sunbathing deck and the other pool with deckchairs) was good and the drinks in the bar was nice. The rooftop bar was also open until 2am which was a relief after not getting back from the Nou Camp until 12.30am!All staff we encountered were especially friendly and helpful, nothing was too much trouble.The location of the hotel is good, 5 mins walk from 2 metro stations and close to all sights (you can walk to the Sagrada Familia in 15 mins), but also on a small street so not too noisy.All in all a great small, modern hotel at a very reasonable rate. Book directly via the Derby Hotels website for good rates.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kannie
<Content>Absolute bliss We stayed at this hotel in Barcelona for 2 nights and what a pleasure it was. Clean and beautiful and the atmopshere of tranquility was superb. Your own dressing gown and slippers in this very hi-tech environment. I loved the Zen theme throughout which made our stay so special. The rooms were clean and very special. After a busy day of travelling to museums, parks and sightseeing it was a relaxing place to come home to. The staff are all very friendly and helpful. The breakfast room is beautiful with its wooden decks and water gurgling nearby. The breakfast is also superb and displayed delicately. The soft music and dimmed lights at the rooftop poolbar makes it a special experience. I recommend this hotel to anybody and would definately return.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Kiwi Zara
<Content>Absolutely loved it! My husband and I have just come back from a weekend here and we absolutely loved it.. The hotel itself is very stylish and does look exactly as it does on the website. We found all of the staff to be helpful and those on the front desk speak perfectly good english which always helps. The room itself was nice, size wise it is what I would expect for the price, and the design is very nice. Small touches like putting a rose in the room after arrival were also cute.The rooptop pool and bar were enjoyable, but the pool is small. Good for a quick cool down though.There was an unfortunate incident where my husband had a fit and we had to call an ambulance, the staff handled everything very well and were very professional.All in all, we are looking forward to our next stay there.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>casty
<Content>Perfect!!! Just stayed here with my partner.......... Fantastic! We got an internet rate of 拢80 for a double room. The location is perfect, far enough away from the mad crowds on The Ramblas. It is an oasis of calm......... perfect to chill out in the open air spaces after a day in the hot spanish sun. The rooms for once do look like the pictures on the internet ( something most hotels can't boast!) The service is good maybe a little slow but hey it is Spain. The overall design of the hotel is stunning ( and I am rather choosy when it comes to good design!). Lounging on Ligne Roset furniture in the back courtyard while you enjoy a cocktail or two in the early evening is wonderful for the soul!The maid service came and introduced herself to me as well as bringing me a rose..... nice touch!!! I have it on good authority that during the summer in the evenings, the roof top pool/ patio area hosts some cracking weekend parties, cool music etc........If you read Wallpaper Magazine then there's a pretty good chance you will love this place!I can't wait to return!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>divenuts
<Content>very pleasant surprise   showReview(5355570, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Be very careful of your cash/credit cards when staying at this hotel   showReview(5313038, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NJ girl in the UK
<Content>Got a kick out of the Granados 83!   showReview(5299923, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dimple_pie
<Content>Check Out The Sink !   showReview(5186297, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>VegasCanuck
<Content>Very Stylish New Hotel in a Good Location               More photos  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(5043106, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shooshy
<Content>Stylish Granados   showReview(5041384, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Modern hotel - recommended   showReview(5033301, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stylish Hotel, Rocky Service   showReview(5017207, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sid10
<Content>quiet and modern   showReview(5015885, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>voyage-addict
<Content>Grosse d茅ception   showReview(19782651, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	1	4	5	-1	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superlativo!   showReview(20551701, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(19638937, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>4 stelle che in generale non merita   showReview(19638936, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18537741, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(18537740, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jampi10
<Content>La peor noche en un hotel   showReview(17003652, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	5	1	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17438322, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tutto Perfetto   showReview(16607968, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel calme   showReview(16607967, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

