<Author>Carrboro_Traveler
<Content>Perfect place for the extended family After reading the other reviews for the Club Med, Punta Cana, I question if I stayed at the same resort! We had a completely positive experience and were there the busiest week of the year -- the post-Christmas week which runs through New Years Day. We were an extended family of ten, ranging from age 75 to age 5, and a fabulous time was had by all. Yes, there are 1600 people there and yes, there is NO REASON to frequent this resort unless you have children. However, appreciate the fact that you are in a foreign country. Yes, there will be employees and guests who do not speak English. This is a fabulous opportunity for you and your children to learn a few words of Spanish and French. At least one quarter of the guests are from English speaking countries (we asked at the front desk) and all of the G.O.s (counselors) speak at least English and French. I did not find the language barrier to be a problem! If anything, it was FUN to be surrounded by people who came from different backgrounds. At the Spa, which is quite beautiful, I had a delightful massage by a woman who only spoke Spanish. We had no problems understanding each other by using basic hand signals and the very few words of Spanish that I know. My eight year old son enjoyed every minute of his trip and readily made friends with children from all over. Most guests are French, but the children and their bilingual G.O.'s appeared to learn from each other without any misunderstandings. I will say that my eighteen year-old daughter found that the French teenagers do keep to themselves and did not volunteer any English. However, she agrees that it makes for more of a vacation to be surrounded by people of different backgrounds. If everyone spoke English, we might as well be in Florida!POSITIVES: 10 minute ride from the airport;incredible water activities (windsurfing, kayaks, sailing, swimming, perfect weather and sea temperatures);unique land activities (beautifully run camps for kids of all ages, including circus-like activities, like a trapeze); plentiful and yummy food; friendly and helpful staff; fun shows at night which spotlight the kids; VERY comfortable beds!. NOTE: The Camps are structured so kids can come and go. Some attended for as little as one hour a day. Others chose to be there for the whole day. Lots of flexibility.NEGATIVES: Slow check-in; rooms are not spotless; some litter; snorkeling is poor due to surf; not enough beach chairs; not enough treadmills; SLOW check-in at Punta Cana airport. Allow two hours and bring a pen to fill out forms! There are smokers, but there was PLENTY of non-smoking seating in the restaurant and the quiet beach, near the kayaks and snorkelling rentals, was less crowded and generally smoke-free. We did not experience ANY bugs, sickness from the food, or rude staff as other reviewers have implied.The negatives are a pain for parents -- but the kids won't notice. Your children will have an incredible time! There were many, many families there with multi-generations -- grandparents, children and grandchildren. I can not think of any other place I would go that caters so beautifully to the needs of such diverse ages. If you are thinking of taking an extended family trip -- this is THE place to go.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>cplonvacation
<Content>Had a great time       Pool, pool bar and beach in background  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MarkfromtheIsland
<Content>Love/Hate relationship By way of introduction, my wife and I are in our 40's and went with our two kids ages 11 and 13. We've been to 2 other club meds in the past.First things first....This is a FAMILY club med. If you don't have children then DON'T GO. There were 1600 people there between xmas and new years. I didn't count but my impression was that there were probably 1000 kids to 600 adults. The mini club, petit club, and ramp are all geared for kids and there are no restaurants or any other facility there that are adult only. On the flip side of this coin, though, is the fact that this is probably the BEST kids program of any that I've ever seen. Kids have a great time. There's TONS for them to do - it's all set up for them to have a blast and it's well supervised and organized. We've been to many places that have kids programs - THIS was the best kids program bar none.This Club Med caters to French speaking people. Well over 90% of the guests are French speaking. If you only speak English or German or whatever then you WILL have issues. Your children will have issues with their peers in the kids programs, and you will have a hard time meeting anyone to chat with. My family are English speaking with some competence in French and Spanish, though limited. This club caters to an irritating degree to their French clientele. The front desk staff were limited in their English fluency, which I found surprising. The sports and kids departments were reasonably good with English. The housekeeping and other auxiliary staff spoke no English whatsoever. The GO's are French with some English and the local staff are primarily Haitian (French speaking) or Dominican (Spanish speaking). The Haitians and Dominicans speak basically no English. Because of the type of clientele there are a couple of things which I found irritating. First - smoking is allowed everywhere. Restaurants, by the pool, on the dance floor - everywhere. There was no escaping from cigarette smoke. Cigars are a big draw to the Dominican Republic so those were ubiquitous as well. Personally, I hate cigarette smoke and am nauseated by cigar smoke so I found this to be a real pain. The other thing that is allowed everywhere is topless sunbathing. I'm not bothered by this but having an 11 year old son with us I would have preferred if there was a beach area for that activity. There were topless women by the pool and randomly along the beach. Why is it that the women who tend to go topless are the ones who probably shouldn't? OK... so the club.The rooms were beautiful. The resort was recently renovated and there was nothing to complain about. In fact, this was the best family room we've stayed in. There was a separate room for toilet and shower/sink, and the kids had a separate room with two 'daybeds' that could be separated from the adults by a pair of sliding doors. The beds were comfortable, the linens beautiful, there was generally hot water when you wanted it, and there were no bugs or critters. The adult area had an LCD TV on the wall. I only saw the room we stayed in (a deluxe family room) but I suspect they're all as nice. The rooms ARE a loooooong way from the resort part - at least a couple of hundred yards - and there are very few shuttle golfcarts running. This could be significant if you are elderly or disabled. There are 2 bars - one in the main building (Cielo) and another on the beach (Celest). There are no swimup bars (which I found surprising) and there is no bar near the larger of the two restaurants (Hispaniola). I found that surprising and annoying as it meant that if you wanted to have a drink before dinner you'd have to walk to Cielo and then backtrack most of the way to your room. I'm not sure why this is like this. The Cielo bar is beautiful. Drinks are 'sorta' included. Basic drinks are all free but the liquor they use is the cheapest rotgut there is. The only beer they have is Presidente (the local beer). I didn't like it so I didn't drink beer. Anything of any quality cost extra. Wine is included (one red, one white, one rose). The red was a South African Shiraz - I would normally like this but they would take all the half full bottles and top them up from one another then put them back half-corked. This meant that you always drank a mix of wines that had been open for who-knows-how-long. You never knew how 'clean' it was either as with the number of kids there the chance that one of them put something in the bottle was pretty good. I gave up on the wine pretty quick and stuck with caipirinas or soda water.There are 2 restaurants which basically serve the same menu. The Hispaniola is more beautiful and has outdoor seating for when weather permits. Samana is more 'upscale' but all seating is indoor. The wait staff are - in a word - awful. By awful I mean rude, indifferent, dirty... take your pick. You would be seated and that would be the extent of service. Sometimes plates were cleared, sometimes not. You'd be afraid to go get some more from the buffet because sometimes you'd come back and your table would have been cleared. I had a fly in my glass and asked for a new one - this turned into a 2 minute argument. The milk for our coffee was curdled and the waitress got all huffy, put it on the next table and then wouldn't bring us another till we demanded one. When lunchtime was over they would turn off the lights in the restaurant so you'd know it was time to leave. Lunch ran till 2:30. We came in one day at 2:15 - got our food, sat down to eat and then ended up eating in the dark! I found that very rude.Both restaurants are buffet style - something I didn't like at all. I would have liked an adults only sit down restaurant for at least one night of the stay but that was not to be. The food was quite good and there was a wide variety to choose from. There wasn't much of a 'salad bar' to be had in Samana but if you poked around long enough you could find enough vegetables. There was a juice and smoothie bar at both but the fellow who ran it spoke no English so it wasn't really possible to get a smoothie. The most aggravating part of the restaurant experience was the cleanliness. Plates and glasses were routinely dirty and there were a lot of flies on the buffet. None of this seemed to faze the staff. My wife and I would routinely go through 2 or three plates before we'd find one that didn't have old food stuck to it.One last note about the restaurant... the GO's are encouraged to eat with the guests. If you were 4 people sitting at a table for 6 you'd sometimes have GO's come up and ask if 'that seat was taken'. This is charming - once. After that I really didn't want to hear the life story of a 20 year old who was hoping to work at Columbus Isle next year and work their way through the Club Med chain. You don't want to be rude so you let them sit with you and then your meal becomes awkward. Further on this path is the fact that the staff eat with you. Maybe I'm a snob, maybe not... but I found this a little odd. I don't much care to wait in line for my meal behind staff members. Not after having popped enough money on my vacation to buy a car.The beach is beautiful. There were lots of chairs but there were a lot of guests the week we were there so it was difficult to find a place to sit. I doubt that this is a routine problem, though. There is no bar service on the beach.The pool is beautiful but useless. It's very long and separates the main building from the beach. There is no bridge over it anywhere so you constantly end up walking around the darn thing. By the third day I was cursing it and would happily have filled it in. Half of it is for little kids so it's about 18 deep. The other half is for the rest of us and is about 40 deep. There are no straight stretches for lap swimming and it's not heated. There is no bar service by the pool - something I found shocking considering there's no swimup bar either. If you're on the beach side of the pool and wanted a drink you'd walk all the way around, to to the bar, then all the way around again back to your seat.The activities are great and the people who run them are equally wonderful. Anything you wanted to do you could do and you would find great enthusiasm and a positive encouragement from the staff. There were lessons for sailing, windsurfing etc and it was all really great.If you want to leave the resort forget it. Each end has security guards along the beach to prevent you from entering. The nearest town/mall is a $38 cab ride (each way!) away.Internet access is available but expensive. $8 an hour even with your own computer or you could buy an unlimited card (I don't know how much). In town it was $2 an hour. There were 3 computers for guests to use with their time but there were enough people with unlimited cards that they'd bought for their kids that trying to get on one was an ordeal. It would have been nice if there was a 5 or 10 minute limit on them for people who just wanted to get on and check their mail/flight and get off again.All in all I'm mixed. Most of what I didn't like about it was that as an English speaking guest I felt pretty marginalized. I generally like the local staff in the Caribbean and in Mexico but this is the first resort where I really did not. For $14,000 for a vacation I kinda like people to be nice to me. Not many people there were 'nice' other than the sports staff. The few English speaking guests we found and chatted with (it was NOT easy to find them) felt the same way. There were a few that weren't bothered - these were generally the ones that came with a large exended family that didn't really need any people to interact with outside of their own group.Personally, I would not go back. On the other hand, if you're a large family or French speaking, and have children then this may well be the place for you. From what we heard from others on our plane about their experience at other clubs, the Club Med had much nicer accomodations and much better food than any of the other placed in Punta Cana or Puerto Plata.Hope this helps!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Glicks
<Content>A good vacation overall, but could have been better My husband and I went to Club Med Punta Cana on December 11 for 9 days with our 2 1/2 year son. Overall, we had a good vacation, but it could have been better for reasons I will describe in my review.First of all, we had a LOT of luggage - 3 suitcases, 1 large dufflebag with wheels, diaper bag, backpack  totebag (airport carry-ons), and a large food bag full of snacks, water, etc. for the plane - - we flew from San Francisco to New York to Punta Cana. Someone else recommended in another review to NOT use the services of the luggage handlers at the Punta Cana airport - - because, they reasoned, why tip this person when the luggage carrousel is located so close to the local transportation area just steps away from the outside curb? While this is indeed true, we found the services of the luggage handler to be very useful for us because the luggage carts at the Punta Cana airport are tiny - much smaller than the ones you usually find at most other airports, and it was difficult for both my husband and I to push 2 carts ourselves with luggage spilling out of them, and our toddler son wanting to be carried at the same time. For us, it was well worth the $8 tip we paid the luggage handler ($1 for each bag - - not sure what the local tipping protocol is, but that's what we pay in the U.S., so that's how much we gave him) to carry all our bags at once in his extra large handcart to a nearby cab. Incidently, we also used a luggage handler from our cab to the check-in area on our return to the Punta Cana airport at the end of our vacation, and it appeared that those using this service got preferential treatment (i.e. - brought to the front of the check-in line). I'm not sure if this is standard practice there or not, but we appreciated this extra, unexpected bonus. Since we booked our own flight we could not use Club Med's airport shuttle, so we hopped on a cab. There is a fixed rate of $15 each way, and the cab ride was only about 10 minutes. This resort was recently renovated, and the property, beach, and grounds were all beautiful. We were assigned the Cortez building, which was a short walk to the Samana Restaurant, pool, and gym. However, it was quite a hike to the Hispaniola Restaurant (which was the only place they were serving breakfast when we were there), and the kids club. We enrolled our son in Petit Club Med for 2-3 year olds. For the most part, he seemed to enjoy the various activities they planned for the kids (pool time in the kiddie pool, sandcastle building at the beach, arts  crafts, etc.). However, on several different occasions when we visited the kid's club to check up on our son, we saw a few kids crying and no one seemed to be comforting them. I found this disturbing. Be sure to bring plenty of diapers and swim diapers if your child requires them. The staff at the Baby Club and Petit Club change diapers several times a day at set times whether your child needs it or not. If you run out of diapers, you can purchase them at the boutique, but they are very expensive! $1.50 (USD) for one disposable diaper (regardless of size, and they only carried Pampers or Huggies brand), and $26.50 for one pack of Huggies Little Swimmer swim diapers - again, regardless of size. Diapers may be purchased one at a time, whereas swim diapers must be purchased by the pack (containing 11 or 12 swim diapers, depending on size). There are several pools at this resort: the large main pool that has a shallow section for small children, and 2 smaller kids pool near the Baby/Petit Club Med. Lounge chairs are plentiful, and if you happen to go during the busy season (such as the week between Christmas and New Year) and all lounge chairs are taken, you can easily drag a loung chair from the beach (which is right next to the pool). There are LOTS of lounge chairs on the beach, and the numerous palm trees provide plenty of shade for anyone who prefers shade over sun. There is no need to bring beach toys for kids. Club Med supplies a large chest full of beach toys underneath a palapa on the beach. However, we and several other families brought blow-up pool toys, and this came in handy, since kids oftne fought over the 2 or 3 pool toys that appeared to belong to the Club for everyone to share. I brought a blow-up floaty toy in the shape of a car for my son, and this, unfortunately seemed to arouse a lot of jealously amongst other small kids. Next time, I'll won't bring anything too cool or unusual, and stick to the mundane float ring. If you enjoy floating on a lounger in the pool like I do, I would recommend bringing your own since the resort does not provide those. I bought the cheapest blow-up lounger from Walmart, and left it at the club for others to use at the end of our vacation.If you're feeling extra charitable, you may want to consider bringing notebooks, pencils, and other school supplies for the Club Med foundation to donate to local schools. For my son's vacation wardrobe, I purposely packed lots of t-shirts, shorts, pajamas, etc. that fit him now, but would soon outgrow. I donated all of his baby/toddler clothes to the Club to donate to the orphanage or to other Dominican children in need of clothes at the end of our trip. Regarding restaurants and food: I thought the food was pretty good, and at times excellent. There was a large variety of food at every meal - - always some sort of beef dish, and chicken dish, and lots of fresh fish, fresh fruits and vegetables and home-made bread - - essentially, there is something for everyone. They also offered kid friendly selections such as home-made pizza cooked in a brick oven (which was quite good), chicken nuggets, pasta, hamburgers and hot dogs. When we were there, breakfast and lunch were only served at the Hispaniola Restaurant with breath-taking views of the ocean, and dinners were served at the Samana Restaurant. The Samana Restaurante has definitely gone upscale with a gourmet selection of Chef's Specials that were beautifully presented at dinner. At dinner, they also offered ethnic choices such as asian (Chinese, Korean, Japanese, or Thai), Mexican, and always a local Dominican dish. The Dominican chicken is excellent! You could also have lunch or snack at the restaurant/bar on the beach. However, the choices there are limited (2 or 3 kinds of salads, grilled mahi mahi, or quesadilla) and they served the same things every day. The complementary white and rose wines were terrible! I was surprised to discover that the rose wine is the American Carlo Rossi brand that usually comes in a box in American grocery stores. Ick! The only wine that was drinkable, in my opinion, was the red Australian Shiraz. You can also buy better wines, but the prices are comparable to restaurants in the US (i.e.: about double the retail price). On Friday night, when The Samana served lobster and Fois Gras (which I LOVED), we splurged on a split of Veuve Cliquot for about $50. A full bottle of the Veuve can be had for around $100 (which costs $40 in our local grocery store in San Francisco). For those with babies: There are baby stations at the Samana and Hispaniola restaurants. These stations come equiped with a variety of Gerber brand baby food, milk, yogurt, a microwave for heating food, plasticware and paper plates.There were a few incidences that prevented us from having a really great vacation:First, the telephone in our room did not work. It seems that in their renovation efforts, Club Med forgot to install a phone jack in our room. It was really a pain to hike over to the main lobby to use the phone when we wanted to schedule massage appointments, or having to go to the reception desk and often wait in long lines to ask simple questions when it would have been far more convenient to call the reception from our room had we had functioning phones. To be fair, Club Med did offer to relocate us to another room when we complained to the Chief the Village (the people at the front desk pretty much shrugged their shoulders so we felt compelled to go directly to their boss), but I thought it would be more of a hassle to pack up all our bags and move.Second, my husband's sandals - leather Tevas - got stolen. We left them on top of our lounge chair at the pool, along with our duffle bag full of sunscreen, book, magazine, etc. I left to go to the gym, and my husband went (barefoot) to the Petit Club to bring our son back to play with him in the main pool, and when he returned a mere 15 minutes later, his sandals were gone. We checked all around the lounge chair, thinking they may have fallen off the chair, as well as the entire pool area, but did not find them. Then we assumed that someone may have taken them by mistake. After enquiring at various places (like the lost  found at the front reception desk, the towel room by the pool) every single day to no avail, we finally faced the reality that they were taken - by mistake or otherwise. Coincidentally, the wife of another couple we befriended at the resort also lost her sandals and never found them either. And lastly, our son got sick and vomited several times one night. We're not sure what caused this - something he ate or drank? But he recovered after a day or two later without needing any medical treatment. My husband and I freely drank the water in the pitchers at the restaurants and brushed and rinsed our teeths with the tap water in our room the entire time we were there, but neither of us got sick. Also, my husband got injured during a basketball game and had to get 7 stitches at the infirmary. Our family physician in San Francisco, who took the stitches out when we returned home from vacation, thought the doctor at Club Med did a very good job stitching his wound. It wasn't all bad, however. Being able to send our child to the Petit Club Med most days made for a relaxing vacation for us. I also loved the fact that the only decisions I had to make were pool or beach? what tropical drink would I like served to me today?. And as I mentioned before, the pool and beach (with its turquois blue water) were beautiful. The weather could have been better (it was cloudy and overcast with scattered rain showers most days we were there), but that wasn't something Club Med could control!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>wetraveloften
<Content>Better last year A brief history of our experience last year:My extended family stayed at the Punta Cana Club Med last December - the week before Christmas and before some of the renovations were started/completed. We were a group with 3 senior citizens, a married couple in their 40s, one 4 year old boy, and one 11 year old girl. We booked two standard rooms with a pricing deal that every 2nd person was half-cost, and were housed in the Ovando building with views of the ocean and the construction of the new mini-club area. We enjoyed the theme nights in the main restaurant (one night Mexican, one night Italian, one night Dominican, etc). We never saw the 11 year old - she was always at the ramp. The 4 year old did not want to participate in the kids club so the week was spent doing things he wanted to do. We experienced no intestinal issues whatsoever. We had a fabulous time and became Club Med enthusiasts after that trip.This year:We were there 12/19 through 12/27. The group consisted of grandma (68) and grandpa (80), two married couples in their 40s, a 5 year old boy, a 12 year old girl, and a 7 year old girl. We booked 3 family suites with no discounts. We got checked-in right away, our rooms in the Iguana building were ready, and the luggage was delivered without problems or delay. The Iguana building is garden view and very far away from the main village. The rooms and balconies were smaller than the suites we had last year - a bit cramped with 4 of us. Two out of three of our rooms had plumbing problems in the shower. We had to get maintenance out a few times to declog the shower drain (standing water). They didn't snake it, but used a plunger to get it to slowly drain again (not a long-term fix). The distance from the main village made it necessary to do more planning of what was needed for the day since running back to the room with a 5 year old in tow was a bit of an ordeal. The resort itself was full and absorbed all the people without it feeling uncomfortably cramped (of course, getting poolside chairs for 9 under the umbrellas or that many beach chairs was impossible, but we expected that).The Samana restaurant was completely renovated and instead of nightly national food themes, they had standard national-themed food stations that offered much of the same selection every night. They added interior walls to break up the tables and chairs to give the restaurant a more intimate and upscale feel, but eliminated some of the original charm (in my opinion). Some of the food was really tasty and the lack of theme nights wasn't missed by the kids (who ate the same pasta and cheese pizza at every meal).The Hispanolia restaurant was less busy and closer to the rooms, but it offered less variety of food choices and we had to bundle up as the wind whipped through some of the areas where we tended to be seated with such a large group. They had hand sanitizer stations outside of the restaurants on most nights (sometimes it wasn't out. empty? broken?) There were lots of kids running around unattended and my husband witnessed one youngster put some pancakes on her plate with tongs, then decide she didn't want them, and put them back into the warming tray with her fingers). I can't blame any of the sickness on this one event, but I'm sure it doesn't help.The sickness:The 5 year old boy and the 7 year old girl went to the mini-club on Sunday (two different groups as they were broken up by age). The 12 year old spent time at the ramp. Monday morning in the wee hours, the 5 year old started vomiting. The 12 year old started vomiting a few hours later. In the morning we learned that the 7 year old was up all night vomiting. Next to come down ill was the 7 year old's mother. Then the 5 and 12 year old's father and lastly, Grandpa got sick. In the span of 2 or 3 days, over half of our crew was sick with either vomiting and/or diarrhea and stuck in the rooms. Each occurrence was about 2 days of downtime for the stricken person.The chief of the village asked Grandma how the trip was going - and she told him that most of us were sick. He sent stuffed animals to the rooms with get-well-soon cards for the kids. It was hard to tell with all of languages being spoken how prolific the problem was, but I did overhear many people at meal tables talking about sickness, and we witnessed a few kids vomiting around the village.The weather made it difficult to do some of the things we had wanted to do. It alternated often between wind, rain, and sun. The funny boats were closed a few times, but the wind surfers were fun to watch as they struggled with the gusts.The club did a nice job with Christmas and handed out wrapped presents for the mini-club kids. Santa and his elves stayed for photo ops with the kids and/or adults after handing out presents.Overall, I'd have to say the trip was less magical than the year before. I can't pin it down to the bad weather (out of their control), the sickness, having a full village, and/or the different chief and GOs (since they rotate them around) but I'm not sure we'd go back.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	3	

<Author>mdumont
<Content>Amazing Mini Club Med The people that work at Club Med Punta Cana are simply amazing, especially fond of the staff at Mini Club Med, our daughter loved everyone there. As far as the resort, the grounds are beautiful, many different types of trees, flowers, etc. The rooms are ok, not luxurious but acceptable. The food was sometimes really good and then repetitive. The white chocolate bread was amazing. They should really have small areas for food and drinks close to the rooms that are far away, if we wanted to bring back drinks or food to our rooms it would take about 30 minutes to go get. The resort is huge but you don't feel cramped with people. Alot of space. The beach has amazing sand but there is kind of a dip in the water, therefore not really safe for little one's.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SparkyCat_13
<Content>Baby Club--- Do Not Register Your Baby! We travelled with our One Year Old Twin Daughters. We were very excited for this holiday. We registered our daughters into the Baby Club and they got ill on the second day. Although difficult to pinpoint where/how they got sick--- diagnosis was Gastrointestinal Ailment (Norwalk Virus)-- we found the Baby Club to be very unhygeinic (we only saw them clean the area and toys once on Saturday). An area where Baby's are sharing toys --i would have hoped they paid more attention to their cleaning practices. There were a few parents (as I overheard) mention to the G.O. staff that their baby too had diarrhea and vomiting. The last day we went to pick up our girls at the Baby Club--they were screaming and looked like they had been crying for a while---we had given strict instructions about snack and hydration. The G.O. had not given our girls their morning snack and couldn't locate a second bottle (found on top of the stroller) and decided to share one bottle between the two of them. We have never seen our daughters so upset as they were both very hungry and thristy.I personally see this as Neglect--- When I questioned the G.O. as to why she hadn;t feed our girls as instructed--she said she wasn't responsible for them--the girl who was looking after them was off site and the babies were her responsibility.I would never advise enrolling your baby(ies) in the Baby club! The resort itself was nice, the food was very good and the medical staff was very good--  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>mmmCanada
<Content>Overall great... my family with small kids travelled to CMPC this past dec 08 and were pleasantly surprised. here is a summary:water: we drank the water at the restaurants, no major issues (or minor)food: fairly good, white chocolate bread was amazing, the dinners were good. some food items attempted to be authentic (ie chinese hot and sour soup not so good but what do you expect) i HIGHLY recommend hailing a cab from the airport yourself-(a cab ride from the punta cana airport is 5 minutes and should cost 12-15 dollars- if you arrange TRANSFERS VIA CLUB MED- you will pay 25 each way! for the same thing)Big negative: smokers everywhere! if you are a non smoker (like us) with small kids- the smell of smoke EVERYWHERE was awful- i dont understand why there is not a designated smoking area like everywhere else in the world! clubs: great, flexible and great programming. good range of adult activites as well. This was a fun vacation!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Maya050
<Content>Club Med during Thanksgiving We went to Punta Cana during Thanksgiving week with 2 teens, ages 17 and 14 and the grandmother. Punta Cana in the Dominican Republic is a beautiful village, very family friendly and newly renovated. The grounds are well maintained with views of the turquoise ocean waters.This is a French club in a Spanish speaking country so 3 languages are spoken in the village. Announcements are in French and English but many people come from France. Be prepared for a delightful cultural mix, 3 languages are spoken interchangeably and Americans are not in the majority. This was not a problem for us at all. The kids interacted with everyone and got to practice their Spanish.Food was incredible, plentiful and there was always a huge variety. We could never have enough of the tropical fruits. Every dinner there were several stations offering creative, beautifully served international fare. The most serious dilemma was what to choose for dessert. The pastry chef offered no fewer than 4 cakes, tarts or cremes in addition to the chocolate fountain, chocolate bread and cookies.Activities were non-stop and varied. One could sit by the pool or on the beach all day or instead participate in the Club Med organized activities like aqua sports in the pool, a terrific cardio-zumba class, evening yoga, etc. Or one could burn off calories at tennis, windsurfing, snorkeling, sailing etc. We all had sore muscles after 2 days from too much activity.This is definitely a family camp- lots of kids, many organized activities for kids of all ages although the number of English speaking teens depends on whether the U.S. schools are on vacation or not.,The nightly shows were mostly cabaret style- singing and dancing.Don't be surprised to see your tennis instructor who was hitting balls with you at 8:30 a.m. now at 9:30 p.m. dressed up in a tuxedo dancing across the stage. If you remember that the shows are just for fun, your expectations will be met.But the highlight for our family at night were the crazy signs done most nights to international music. The staff led everyone in a musical line dance to rhythmic, lively music from all over the world.At 10:30 p.m. the party continued at the beach bar with disco dancing. But we always left by midnight to allow a minimum of sleep before tennis lessons which started at 8:30 a.m.It was an incredible vacation for our family and we will continue going back to Club Med villages.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DRF
<Content>No surprises We've stayed at CMPC six times in the past 5 years, most recently in January. The TripAdvisor reviews seem to be generally fair. I thought it would be helpful to summarize and clarify a few things that seem to come up in the reviews frequently.The scene: if you haven't figured it out, this is a family club med. You will be miserable if you go there as a couple or as a single. Expect the pools, beaches, and grounds to be vibrant with the sounds of happy children. If you're not into that, stay away!The language: This is a French resort, but English is still widely spoken by the GO's and many of the guests. In the summer months, especially the French holiday month of August, the resort seems to be 2/3 French. In the winter months, particularly Jan thru March, our experiences have been that the Americans and Canadians outnumber the French. It's actually a very nice mix of people and cultures. The French are harmless and generally keep to themselves. Now that the Bush administration is on the way out, they will likely be much more engaging at dinner. If you're offended by the French and perhaps the occasional topless sunbather, then this might not be the place for you.The food: It is perfectly fine, and occasionally quite good. The breads, the produce, and cheeses are all fresh. The main courses are mixed up nicely and there are always several options covering fish, meat, and poultry. Your kids will be fine if they don't like new foods, bacause there are nuggets, hotdogs, spaghetti, and pizza available at every meal. The water is great. In our six trips we've never had a single episode of water or food related discomfort, nor have we heard from one guest that has.The kids' programs: This is what makes the resort. A lot of parents struggle with the concept of taking a family vacation and then dumping their kids at a resort daycare. It's not like that at all. First, the programs are totally flexible. Use them a little, a lot, or not at all. Work it out with your kids. Your child does not need to be there every hour of every day. Our boys are 6 and 3, and we generally enjoy a leisurely breakfast with them each morning before heading to the mini club for their respective 10am activities. We pick them up at 2 or 3 to head to the beach. They retell their exploits of their day and it is always with great enthusiasm. The 4-5 hours in our case is the perfect length of time for relaxation. And the kids at the resort almost universally adore the programs and the kids they meet. Even if your child is nervous in general about meeting new people (most are) and doing new things, the GO's will go out of their way to comfort and engage them. At the end of each week the kids put on a play/show in the resort theatre that you'd think they rehearsed a year for; it's an amazing and spirited environment. Most kids walk away after a week or two of the programs with confidence, and a handful of international friends. Ours ask us every week when they can go back.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>loopiecat
<Content>Good time! In preparation for our vacation my husband and I read almost ALL of the comments on here for Punta Cana Club Med which is why I feel obligated to write our impressions of P.C. C.M. We just got back from a week there with our 3 1/2 year old and 6 month old. The mini clubs are money well spent in my opinion. Our biggest concern about a vacation destination was the quality of the mini clubs. I read too many reviews for other places from parents who were afraid to leave their kids in the day camps after seeing the shabby conditions or lack of attention from the care givers. Our 3 year old was eager to go every day and had a great time going swimming, playing tennis and soccer, and playing on the beach with his peers and the GO's. He fell in love with one of the GO's named Sellina, she was so nice to him. He kept saying that she was 'his friend'. CUTE! The fact that he doesn't speak French didn't seem to be too big of a hurdle as most everyone speaks at least some English. Our 6 month old never complained either and in fact seemed overly thrilled to see the GO's in the baby club every morning.  I was very impressed with the staff. Everyone was really nice and helpful. When we were checking in our 3 year old ran off to go check something out and one of the GO's shouted it's ok..I got him. They played by the pond together for a minute while we finished checking in. Everyone was really good with the kids. It seemed like all the GO's knew their names and hugged and kissed them frequently. The food was good, not fabulous but good. A lot of other reviewers on here complained about the quality. I'm not sure what they expected but even the finest restaurants can't serve 1500 people a buffet meal without having the quality suffer. It's just not possible. The breads, cheeses and desserts were excellent. The chocolate breads were a big hit with my family. They changed the restaurants around a bit since the reopening. The Hispaniola is now theme nights. We went to seafood and middle eastern night, it was good. The Sumona (or whatever it's called) had 'international' food. Plenty of variety to choose from in either place.  The place is pretty big. We were concerned that our room would be too far away leaving us to struggle going back and forth with 2 kids. We called 2 times prior to our trip to confirm that our room wasn't going to be too terribly far from all 'the stuff'. We were not put in the building we were told we were going to be in. We stayed in La Nina which was not one of the newly renovated rooms. The others are right, the air does not go below 75 degrees but it was fine, we even slept with the big down comforter on. The first day was rough with the little ones and the heat.. it felt like we were 15 miles away walking back and forth all the time but after the first day it didn't seem too bad. We brought an umbrella stroller for our 3 year old. HIGHLY RECOMMEND doing this!!!! They give you strollers for the babies but not the 3 year olds. Definitely bring a stroller!!! Also, we weren't sure if we should bring our own bottles, bibs or infant cereal. The answer is yes. Bring your own formula too. The only things they provide are a crib, high chairs, a changing pad, jars of baby food and they and will blend stuff for you in the restaurants too. If you sit in the 'baby corners' at the restaurants there's a lady stationed there to take care of your baby needs. At first I was uncomfortable having her sterilize our bottles or grind our banana's but towards the end of the week we totally let her take control of it while we chased our 3 year old around and tried to get him to eat something other then chicken nuggets!  There are really only 3 things that I found worthy or complaining about. One reviewer here said that for whatever reason they felt obligated to complain about something when writing a review. Now I know what that person meant. I really don't have much negative to say about our trip but feel the need to think of something negative to say. Here they are: 1 - Beer only comes in draft form. There is no bringing a 6 pack back to your room to drink while you get ready or whatever. That was rather annoying. We were getting a draft beer to carry back to the room while we get cleaned up but it would be long gone by the time we walked the 1/4 mile back to our room. 2 - we got there the 1st week they reopened. I thought when we booked it that they were opening the previous week. Things were not quite smooth the first few days... Our flight got in rather early the on day 1 and we were apparently only the second family to arrive since the renovations ended and the facility reopened. We missed out on the line of employees welcoming everyone and handing out rum punch. Not the end of the world but it was kind of lame to see them doing it for everyone else the rest of the week. The bar/restaurant on the beach was just built 2 weeks prior to our arrival and the first and second day there was a nightmare as the staff was clueless and the customers were getting aggressive over the food. Everyone ordered at the counter and then fought over the plates as they came out. towards the end of the week the servers had everything under control but the language barrier at the place was hard to overcome. We'd often get things we didn't order. Also, there's a bartender at that bar named Chris that seemed annoyed if we asked him to make a drink that required more than 1 ingredient. ahh, a bit of home :0) the other guy there, I forget his name unfortunately, was really funny and nice. 3 - the snorkeling trip that was 30$ extra per person for was totally lame. I may be spoiled by having a rich snorkeling/diving past but this trip was ridiculous. It was a nice boat trip to see dead coral and no fish. If they billed it as such or if it were free I wouldn't have been as disappointed. I'm not crying the blues over the loss of 30 bucks by any means but they should be embarrassed to charge for that.  There also seemed to be some question about the quality of the drinking water in the Dominican Republic. At club med all the water is reverse osmosis water so it's completely fine. We all drank it. We even mixed my 6 month olds formula with it and she was totally fine. As a side note we played golf at the punta cana club just 5 minutes from C.M and that was nice. Beautiful place. Well manicured. that reminds me...P.C. C.M. is very well manicured. I felt like I was in a Leave it to Beaver episode. Workers are out there every morning raking the grass and picking up every single leaf that fell in the night. It was slightly odd. Also, we asked one of the GO's at lunch about the lack of lizards. My little guy was really looking forward to checking them out. He cut himself off halfway through his answer when he saw they look on my face but the jist I got was that they do a good job taking care of that problem. Not sure exactly what they do but no matter what that's not cool. It's interesting, the GO's are encouraged to eat with the GM's (you and me) and even hang at the bar at night and have a drink. Odd! I'm used to the cruise ship mentality where workers can't socialize or eat with anyone!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>nycbeerfan
<Content>Just beware My family and I had an nice stay at the Club Med in Punta Cana. The kids club is well run and my son had a great time at the resort. But there were two issues you should be aware of before you book a vacation there.First and the biggest issue in my view is their air conditioning system in the rooms is set to go NO lower than 74 degrees F. This may not seem like a big deal and maybe it isn't for you. But after a day in the hot sun at the beach you want the room cold when you sleep. Obviously Club Med caters more to Europeans and they do not like A/C like Americans, but every American I talked to there was miserable. And complaining did nothing. The front desk manager said this is how their system works and it cannot go any lower no matter what. Just beware. I need A/C to sleep at night in the summer and I did not get a full nights sleep one night while I was staying in Punta Cana. And for the record I do not suffer from any sleeping disorders. I have never seen anything like this at any other resort or high end hotel. The other complaint is every meal at Club Med was a buffet. After 2 days we just wanted to be served.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>BazHampshire
<Content>Very Relaxing Overall we had a very enjoyable and relaxing 2 weeks with our 15 year old daughter at Club Med Punta Cana. Having experienced the Club Med format once before (in Turkey) we sort of knew what to expect, and were not disappointed regarding the hospitality and range of activities. It is your choice whether to simply relax on the fabulous beach, by the pool or on the lawns, or get active (we tried archery, sailing, snorkelling, basketball and used the gym).One difference to what we expected however was the very high concentration of French there (unlike our first experience) - not being good French speakers that left conversation and interaction with other guests rather restricted. It also proved a problem for our daughter during the first week when there wasn't anyone else at the Ramp teens club for her to mix with (a number of friendly Americans turned up the second week). Other disappointments were the frequency with which we seemed to have to break up fights that the French lads in particular seemed to be prevalent to - their parents being nowhere to be seen. But I suppose you have to expect some of that at what is, after all, a family resort.Although it is a big resort with a lot of guests, it is only at meal times that you notice it - evening meals in particular can feel a bit crowded and busy. The seating area around the bar could also do with expanding - fine during the day, you are usually left standing in the evenings.G.O.s (camp hosts) as before were on the whole very friendly and did what they could to ensure you stayed happy.Unlike others comments, we found the room clean, fresh and cool. Although the thermostat said the temperature was 75+ I am sure it wasn't, being significantly cooler than outside and never feeling hot. Indeed the whole resort we found very clean and well managed - even after Tropical Storm Fay blew through, it had all been completely tidied up within 24 hours. Range of food was good, and the Chef's specials in particular were very tasty. The standard wine was a bit variable, though.The flights on Air France were not particularly good. We paid for a business class upgrade and it was like walking into what BA had 15 years ago. The journey home back to the UK is also very long, involving 3 flights (you start with a short leg from Punta Cana to Santo Domingo, then have to get off and wait for 2-3 hours, then go to Paris and finally Heathrow).Overall, a very relaxing and happy holiday that I would recommend to other families, particularly if they speak a bit of French. Couples should avoid, though, if they want peace and quiet.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>243travel
<Content>mixed feelings I enjoyed my stay however i have mixed feelings about club med. I was already there so the only thing was to make lemonade with the lemons i was dealt. The location can't be beat - it's a 5 minute drive to the airport and cannot hear airplanes passing by. There are plenty of things to do. There's a big spacious pool and a very nice beach. The G.O.'s are friendly - like the cast members at Disney. It's a good place for families and independent children. The areas that have been remodeled are very attractive. However, they have not finished and the rooms have a very potent musty smell. The a/c in the rooms is kept at a high temperature despite my efforts of keeping the thermostat to 50 degrees, it only reached 75 - and that's after maintenance fixed it!!! The gym also has difficulties with the a/c - it's also kept at a high temperature. The restaurants one has a/c (again kept at a warm temperature) and the other does not! After being outside at the beach/pool all day you want a place to cool off - you will not find it.For example, after two days i was tired of the same buffet offerings despite the fact that they have two restaurants (serve only buffet). The phone line in my room did not work during my 7 day stay! Apparently they had problems with a cell or telephone line... Service is rather inconsistent. When it's good it's great, and when it's not it's terrible. For example, when we arrived we were greeted and a bellboy helped us with our baggage without even asking. However, when we left despite the fact that i was alone with various bags at check-out (and there were plenty of employees who could help) they did not. The employees at the lobby just ignored me completely. Kind of don't let the door hit you on your way out .  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	2	4	2	2	

<Author>PuntaDC
<Content>Another great family vacation at Club Med       The pool at night  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VAALEX
<Content>Don't eat Club Med's food-I ended up in the hospital!! DON'T EVER STAY AT CLUB MED ANYWHERE!!!My boyfriend,a physician, and I spent New Year's eve 08 at the club med in Punta Cana and I only ate the resorts' food. I had severe food poisoning and spent 2 days in the hospital where I ended up w/severe edema,fluid in my lungs, and congestive heart failure.My boyfriend also had food poisoning,but, not as severe. There was another French family there and all four of them had severe food poisoning as well. when we complained, the manager basically said he can't do anything about it and we would have to call when we got back home. we were sick for weeks after.Club med didn't assist us and won't refund our money or give us any discounts on trips.WE PAID EXTRA FOR THEIR INSURANCE AND NOW THEY WANT US TO PAY THEM BACK OVER A THOUSAND DOLLARS-THEY SAID THEY GAVE US A CASH ADVANCE WHEN THEY PAID OUR HOSPITAL BILL!! PLEASE DON'T EVER STAY AT A CLUB MED, THE FRENCH DON'T CARE, if this happened at an American resort, we would have been assisted immediately and refunded our $10,000 trip.also, the rooms are old and so incredibly small.the toilet is the size of a closet. NOT WORTH A $10,000 ONE WEEK TRIP.GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	3	1	2	

<Author>CMGuru
<Content>In depth information on Punta Cana Taking a cab in any new part of the world is always a challenging experience. You usually get a little feeling of how it will be while still inside the airport but even the most travelled of travellers won''t know until he gets in whatever is available local transportation. Our experience is not much different from others so we''re wondering will we get there safely and how much will we be ripped off. Many countries don''t use a meter and charge the ride  la tte du client. So on Monday morning we got into our taxi and with a clear ''Ola, al Club Med por favor'' we were on our way.Not quite sure whether it would take us 10 minutes or the whole morning to get there we sat back and enjoyed the scenery and the driver''s skills to make this trip feel like a roller coaster ride. 30 minutes later we''re almost there and I am ready to have my holiday money drastically reduced by a now over excited cabdriver. He takes out his little book which looks like the reader''s digest on how to get money from tourists to em, flips to page 30 something and goes 35 daollars por favor. Strange, that''s what they told me at the hotel too when we left but they weren''t sure. Guess what, they have fixed rates from A to B and it is all in the little pocketbook, so I actually didn''t need to worry about. He''s happy and we''re even more happy that we don''t have to appreciate his driving skills anymore. For the rest of my trip report please visit http://www.clubmedplanet.com/forum/topic.asp?TOPIC_ID=7578  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>parishroad
<Content>never again Never Again.....We were a group of 10 people....There to celebrate grandparents 75th birthday. Upon arrival we were greeted at the airport with GO's who quickly tagged us with color coded bracelets. My daughter, 16 and my niece 18 were given the same color bracelets as the rest of the adults...not thinking anything of this since they had been charged as adults, we went along our business of checking in to the resort. Three hours later, The rooms were not what we had confirmed and they were musty and none of us were together...all three rooms split up. Back to the bracelets....my daughter went off to order a diet coke when a bartender refused to serve her as he insisted that she was not an adult and was wearing the wrong bracelet. He accused her of trying to obtain alcohol when in fact she had no intentions of doing so. When he said come with me she refused and came to get us. He would not listen to either my husband or myself and then refused to serve any of us. He actually thought we were permitting and assisting her with this so called game We placed a formal complaint but that only made matters worse. The GO's were unpleasant toward us for the rest of the week.Most importantly, the language barrier is ridiculous. If you do not speak French you are in for a bad time. The property was full of French people and the Anti-American sentiment was in full swing!! They hate Americans!! They called my son and his cousin Fat Americans ( none of us are fat by the way) and refused to let them in any group activities. We all felt like outcasts at this resort.The food was not good and we were all sick.Don't know what else to say....Oh, yes, they deliberately turn off the power at night while you are sleeping to conserve energy...it was very difficult to sleep without air...not much of a breeze if any through the small windows of the rooms.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>PZNY
<Content>Lovely vacation We had a wonderful vacation with our two girls, ages 12 and 9. I almost said family vacation, but since we spent little time with our 12 year old, it wasn't quite about family togetherness. It was about relaxing and giving the kids a thrilling experience. The kids activities were wonderful. Our 12 year old instantly made friends at the Ramp, the teen spot. They met at the ramp after breakfast each morning and, though we always knew where she was and occasionally checked on her, we didn't really see her again until around 6:00 pm (she'd then be in the midst of a volley ball game or in line for the trapeze) at which point we usually had to drag her back to the room so she'd have enough time to shower before meeting up with the group again for dinner at 7:15. After dinner there's usually some sort of kids show. Long day for them. On the plus side, my husband and I had many more dinners alone than I expected, and though we missed the kids, it was satisfying to know they were having such a wonderful time. I didn't love the communal dining experience. With so many French speakers there, it could sometimes be awkward and difficult to communicate with others at your table. Also, many of the front desk and concierge staff spoke only the most basic English. Still, though, the management and GO's bent over backwards to make sure that we were happy. The food was great too (and I have high standards in that area).  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>pico1
<Content>Wonderful family vacation I just returned from a week at Club Med, Punta Cana with my family; we were 15 people, including my wife and I, our 3 children and their spouses, and 7 grandchildren ages 7-12. We were delighted with all aspects of the vacation - the accomodations were excellent, the GOs who run the place were pleasant and very helpful, and there are so many activities that every one found ways to stay happily occupied all day, if they wanted to-or could relax by the pool or beach, when that was the preference. Our grandchildren took advantage of the Mini-club some of the time; but they were also happy to be on their own, going from pool to beach, or other activities such as archery or circus - sometimes with the rest of our group, sometimes on their own. The place seemed so secure that we allowed the children to be on their own part of the time, and that worked well. Meals were terrific - quality, variety and abundance - and we enjoyed the Hispaniola restaurant where the meals are served. The bars and snack bar were also readily accessible and provided good food and drink in the middle of the day. The only negatives were the constant wind - which kept it cooler, but made it more difficult to do sailing or windsurfing unless one is experienced - and occasional maintenance issues which were generally handled promptly. We have not gone to Club Med before; we enjoyed it so much we are planning to go again next year.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MnSwens
<Content>disapointed with Club Med, Punta Cana Our family went to this resort 3 years ago for a family reunion and had a great time. This year we went to celebrate our parents 50 th wedding anniversary. We were a group of 36. The front desk people were of little to no help on several issues. At one point my brothers air conditioning and electricity was out for most of the day and he demanded that the front desk person and maintence go to his room with him to fix it. Several of us had stomach problems and we also learned that two other large family groups had also been sick. The young adult boys that were with us were harrassed several times, because a GO didn't think they were old enough to drink. They give you colored coded bracelets upon check in, so we didn't understand why this was happening. Strangely my 16 year old niece was offered by a bartender to make her an alcoholic drink. My brother overheard this and quickly informed the bartender that is daughter was only 16! The GO's spend way to much time clapping for themselves in all kinds of entertainment, really overdone. We would NOT return to this Club Med.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	1	3	

<Author>burn
<Content>Great for Kids       play ground  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>sidlan
<Content>Good resort , bad stomach ache Our company chose this resort as a reward for our top sales people. We are based in California so just getting there was quite the adventure. Once at the resort the service I felt was good, not great. As Americans we were a large group and this resort primarily catars to French families. Only one person in our group brought their kids but as parents this wasn't a problem. I'll start with the good stuff. The beaches are spectacular and the weather was perfect. For just laying around this place cannot be beat. The beach bar offered cold beer, drinks, and decent snacks throughout the day. The gym was very well equipped and more than adequate for our short stay. The spa services were excellent and the spa staff very attentive. We did a group snorkling trip and this was ok, this is not a divers paradise but still fun.That being said now the bad. Only one restaurant was open and that was it for breakfast , lunch, and dinner. The selection and variety were ok at best and several people in our group ended up getting very sick during and after our stay. We think it was the water but who knows. This made what was overall a very nice place not so nice. Traveling 16 hours home sick was no fun.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>familytraveler2008_8
<Content>LOVED CLUB MED PUNTA CANA!!!!       massage cabanas  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>ChefPapa
<Content>There was a sickness problem, but the resort quickly corrected it.       Yummy pastries  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>katgirl008
<Content>To Sick To Enjoy Well, apparently there is some serious food posioning or bug that is going around the resort. Many people were very sick. I spent much of my time in the room.The beach was beautiful...the discovery excursion amazing..., but the staff was unaccomodating. All in all a very disappointing experience.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>DCtraveler1000
<Content>A mixed experience We have a two-year old daughter and were looking for a resort where we could relax and our daughter could spend some time in daycare. The Club Med in Punta Cana was very nice and generally met our expectations. The one big negative is that my wife and I both got some sort of stomach bug. It was pretty serious and prevented us from fully enjoying the experience (including the all-you-can-eat buffet). And, we weren't the only ones who got sick -- several other families that we spoke with had the same experience. Not sure whether it was due to the drinking water (which was supposedly purified) or the way the food was handled, but an expensive resort like this one shouldn't have that kind of problem.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>MrLubeman
<Content>A GREAT Family Vacation.       The Grounds  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JLaing
<Content>Wonderful family vacation Our family of seven from ages 9 to 70 had a wonderful week at CLub Med Punta Cana- it is a perfect place for a three generation vacation. I'll second every positive thing that others have written and add that we had none of the problems mentioned by other reviewers - the walking was fine and necessary to work off all of the food we ate, I saw no mosquitos, none of us got sick. The rooms were just fine and buffets met everybody's needs. US Air was on time and there were no problems in the airport. GO's were there to meet us and we were on the beach by 1 pm.One caveat- don't buy any of the palm frond baskets or hats which are sold in the bar and reception area. They will be confiscated at the airport!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dolphin62
<Content>Trip Advisor made me paranoid       Accommodation  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>QuangoSurrey
<Content>Great family holiday, but take the mozzie nets Just to add my thoughts to the other reviews here.Travel: we flew Club Med's travel arrangements - Air France via Paris. Their plane was shabby, the cabin service indifferent, the seats uncomfortable. Next time we go somewhere like this we fly a decent airline to Florida, and get a connecting flight down from there.Airport: The airport is pretty, but chaotic. Don't forget your $10 per head tourist tax on arrival (fortunately we didn't). One long queue to pay for it, another queue so someone can take the ticket off you - doh - I just don't get these kind of arrangements! Also try to get a tourist entry document on the plane and pre-fill it, otherwise you join the hundred other people trying to fill it in. Again Air France failed us in this regard. The bored passport guy just stamped everything and I doubt he read anything. Try filling it in with Mickey Mouse or George W Bush, see if they notice.Resort was great - the rooms are a little dated but ours was okay. We were lucky and got a block near reception and kids club, so we didn't have the lots-of-walking issues, but I can understand why others found it an issue - bring a buggy or use a club med one if you have very small kids.Biggest problems: jet lag with a 3 and 4 year old, waking early and half-asleep in the evenings. We missed all the evening entertainments as a result - if we went again we'd fly via Florida and stop there two days to get over the jetlag.Mozzies: despite what others have said here, mozzies were a a big and annoying problem for us. Perhaps they went at better time of year. We were badly bitten on the first two nights despite applying sprays and having a plug-in insect repellant. TAKE MOSQUITO NETS!Also AVOID the toilets behind the main bar at the pool - this is mozzie central 24x7 - even at midday you'll have five or six little friends immediately attack you when you go there for your relief. Club Med needs to install a bug zapper or those curtains.We also found that the landward-side loungers next to the pool were mosquito plagued at about 4pm onward - we always picked the ones on the far side or on the beach.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Chimelle
<Content>Best Family Vacation Ever!!!!!!!       Kids Club Water Fight!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>reddeergirl
<Content>Paradise We have just returned from a fabulous vacation, the weather, beach, pool, drinks etc. were fabulous. If you have small children, you will feel at home! I pretty much agree with all the pros that people have mentioned so I won't elaborate further on the cleanliness/non-renovated rooms/village size/beach/pool etc. We travelled with our 15 month and 3 year olds.Additional comments that I haven't seen addressed follow: They tend to be the things we didn't like or would have liked to know in advance but I tried to also include the highlights. (WE DID HAVE A GREAT VACATION!)I would highly recommend the yoga at 9:30-10:15 in the palappa by the beach. This was the only fitness class I had time to participate in (see below re: my kid issues) but I went every day. It wasn't the kind of Power Yoga I'm used to in Canada, but they did all the basic moves including some more challenging shoulder stands etc. and you really couldn't beat the beachside atmosphere with tranquil aqua water before you and the wind from the sea in your hair. There were a number of other fitness classes throughout the day including step/cardio and kick-boxing type as well as a Body Pump-like class. I wasn't able to fully maximize these, but they looked like good exercise!They have interent access. I saw plenty of people plugging in their laptops in the reception area but I don't know if they had to pay for their internet or not. I just paid for a 30 minute session (forget the price as it was in Dominican currency) and used their computers. I was jealous of people on their blackberrys!The $30USD/person snorkeling excursion that they promote near the restaurant in the morning and from which you embark from the club Med beach is a rip-off and not worth it. They only drive you a short way out into the sea, there is alot of current, the coral is all dead and there aren't many fish. If you go, you need to be a strong swimmer. There were some people in our group who needed rescue almost immediately and it was unpleasant having to move out of the way to let the boat go by as they drove out to save them. I'm a strong swimmer and I found the experience to be a let-down. The off-site snorkelling excursion is $150USD (to the Marinarium) but I don't know if it's worth it. I have heard that global warming has done in the Carribean corals but I'm not sure if that's true.You do not need to bring your own sandtoys! I did not know this and ended up lugging my own along. They have a hut on the beach for the kids to play in the sand with tons of toys. The toys managed to migrate throughout the beach during the day and there was lots of surplus for everyone.There were some communal tubes/air mattresses at the pool, but if you like having your own (as our daughter did) you might be best off bringing your own from home. The gift shop ones were not the greatest quality and expensive.Both were pre-registered for the Baby (6-23 mo.) and Petit (2-3 yrs.) Clubs, respectively. Both the Baby and Petit clubs had excellent facilities and staff, but for some reason, our kids didn't really take to the experience. So unless your kids are extremely extroverted and into new experiences, you might not find it worth it to pay extra for these services - since you might not end up taking full advantage. The babies had playtime, walks, etc. The petit club had colouring, park time, tennis, pool party, walks, beach, treasure hunt (you name it, basically). I have some more detailed comments about the shows referred to in other reviews. The only major con was the 8:15pm show geared for the kids. (There is another show later on at 9:30 which is probably for the older crowd since our little ones can't stay up that late, we didn't attend and I won't comment). Anyways, the 8:15 show was pretty marginal. I give an A for effort, but the content was absolute garbage. If you think it's appropriate to show your 3 year old 2-3 adults assaulting (hitting) each other with a pool noodle or a large mallet for 45 minutes continuously - then you will be fine. I however, thought it was unnecessarily violent and stupid. I found it hard to believe they couldn't come up with anything better than that. My husband (native french speaker from Quebec) voiced his concerns to the mini-club and they mentioned that this kind of humour is acceptable in France. They acknowledged our suggestion as they expressed interest in pleasing all cultures and age groups. I doubt anything will change, but I found that aspect disappointing. they could have done a circus type show or some clowns blowing up balloons or a mime - anything really, would have been better.Yes, the buffet gets tiresome after a few days but try mixing up the restaurant you go to. La Hispaniola is breathtaking at lunch! The Dominican night was the most disappointing for us, but that was probably because they other nights were so great! If you want to avoid getting seated by the staff at the door, just go look at the food first and then seat yourself. We tended to prefer to eat at our own table of four since our kids were so distracting it was distressing to us if we felt our kids were ruining someone else's meal.Can't wait to go back, but will wait until our kids are a little older!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelerMontreal
<Content>Great for Family Great Stay for Family with kids. Beach was OK not the best beach. European feel to resort. Fantastic for family vacation with kids  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>JAppNJ
<Content>Really Nice Family Vacation My wife and I had been looking for a warm weather vacation we could enjoy with our two daughters (aged 5  15 months). My wife and I have never been particularly interested in all-inclusives, cruises, etc. Most of our vacations have been to American, Canadian, or European cities where we tramp around all day and then go out for drinks and a nice dinner in the evening. Having tried that with our oldest daughter in the past, we knew it wasn't a good match for kids. We were attracted to Club Med Punta Cana because of a) the ease of getting there from our home in NJ and b) the children's programs. I have to say that we were more than pleasantly surprised.It is important to understand a little about Club Med before you go, so that you're well-prepared for what you'll find. Most of the guests (GM's), at least at Punta Cana, are french-speaking; and so the main language at the resort (Village) is French. Almost everyone speaks English with varying degrees of proficiency and all announcements are in French and English. The staff (GO's) are duty-bound to make sure you're having a good time. They will sit with you at meals, greet you by name as you walk around the village, hug your kids. Rooms are not the main attraction. Standard rooms can be a little tight for a family larger than 3. The meals here are all buffet-style.Kids' Programs: Punta Cana has programs for kids of all ages from babies up to teenagers. Baby Club Med and Petit Club Med cost extra and space is limted. We couldn't get our youngest into the Baby Club, so book early. They will watch your 0-3 year old all day and stroll them around the grounds, play with them give them lunch/snacks, etc. We heard reports from parents that, unless your young one is used to being away from the parents all day, it may be hard to get them to stay at the club. Mini Club Med is for kids 4-up and Passworld/The Ramp is for tweens/teens. Our daughter loved the Mini Club, especially the trapeze and getting to do the stage show. She did want to spend more time out of it than in, but we always found activities she wanted to do and she stayed there most mornings. I think if she were a couple of years older, she would have stayed there all day. Since there were so many kids at the Village, she made many many friends; which actually gave us the opportunity to meet some very nice parents.Food: I would classify the food as really good wedding food. Made to order omelets at breakfast. Always some grilled fish and a carving station. Rib steaks, lamb chops, roast chicken, always some Dominican dishes. Pizza, burgers, dogs for the kids. One of the nights included lobsters. We were never hungry and I usually found more things that I wanted to try at each dinner than I actually had room to eat. Finally, because Club Med is a French company all the meals included a great selection of really nice bread. The white chocolate bread is addictive. Again, it's not fine dining; but I'd say it's above average.Drink: They pretty much made any drink you could think of. I found the limes in the DR to be a little sweet to really make a good margarita, but mojitos were great. El Presidente beer is great in the warm weather. Red wine was kind of plonk, but the white and rose were fine. Kids had many juices, frozen nonalcoholic drinks to choose from.Room: As I said, rooms are a little spartan. Double bed, sliding double doors, then two twin bed/sofa type things, balcony. Showering and getting ready for dinner got a little tight; but we were never really in the room between 8 am and about 6 pm. Then out again from 7 pm to 11 pm.Entertainment: 2 shows per night. The first for really young children and the second with slightly more production value, performed by the GO's. At the beginning they do this bizarre Crazy Signs dancing that my daughter loved. Once a week the Mini Club Med puts on a show which all the kids seem to love doing.Staff: The GO's were friendly and great with our kids. Most spoke many languages and accented English. You could tell that it had been drummed into them to make our vacation pleasant and memorable. They'll invite you to activities, like soccer or softball, but they don't pressure you. If you want to be totally left alone, however, this isn't your place.Beach / Pool: The beach is beautiful. Warm, calm water protected by a reef. Snorkelling, sailing, windsurfing all included. The pool is very large and has a kiddie end and a deeper (5 ft.) end for adults. Get your towels out early if you want shade.Activities: Archery, exercise classes, tennis, hockey, soccer, inline skating, etc., etc. You can pay extra to golf, fish.All in all it was a really nice vacation. I wouldn't go to CMPC as a couple, but for kids of all ages it's a really nice, relaxing experience. Don't worry about the French aspect, everyone's nice and you can find plenty of Europeans, Canadians, Americans to talk to if English is your only language. We may go back when the baby is older.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Toronto2boys
<Content>Great family vacation Stayed at the club med with our young children age 3 and 4 yrs. This resort was recommended to us by several families who had previously vacationed here and the reviews on trip advisor were overwhelmingly positive. First the positives....Its a great location and very close to the airport (don't worry you won't be bothered by planes at the resort) The resort grounds are beautiful and very clean. We stayed in a club room close to the pool / kids club with an ocean view....the room was small (esp bathroom) but functional and clean. The food was good ...not out of this world but definitely not bad.... with a good selection of child friendly foods...even my fussy 3 year old ate well and most importantly nobody became ill. The house wine was okay....rose at lunch really nice..... Drinks at bars were very good...The main pool was great for little kids with a huge shallow area. The kids club had excellent pools with splash area and water slides. The kids club also had a great playground area for both infants and children. We didn't make it to any shows at night so can't comment on that. The kids club does offer babysitting at night so parents can take part in entertainment activities or have a quiet meal. Here are a few things that might have made our trip a bit better.....we paid an extra fee for my 3 year old to go to kids club but he (and his older brother) didn't want to go....and we were not the only families in this situation ( nothing negative about kids club ...it looked like a lot of fun and seemed well organized just that my kids wanted to have fun with us ) Unless you are okay with sending them to camp against their will don't pay the extra fee before you go ...take your chances that they will have room in the program...if they don't and you want some alone time you can always hire a babysitter by the hour any time of day and your young child can still use the facilities ...like the pool and playground... at kids club . Another thing that would have been nice is a sit down restaurant....buffet a bit tiring toward end of week. Overall we had a great family vacation and would (will) go back to club med ....have a great vacation if you decide to go.....  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4arkangels
<Content>Best vacation by far... I'm volunteering to be the spokesperson for club med....! This was our first club med vacation. We traveled with 2 children (aged 11 and 13) and had a fabulous time. Our room was great--incredible view and while I had read other reviews that warned about being too far from the village center, we didn't experience that at all and really, nothing is that far. The food was terrific! Fabulous buffets and great selections. The kids club was a highlight. Our kids made life long friends as did we. The G.O.'s were amazing --always up and friendly. Not that many Americans which was fine with us. Heavy French and Canadian population and note that the beach is somewhat topless. Wasn't a big deal but was good to know so I could talk about it with my 13 year old son before we arrived. This was definitely one of the most memorable vacations I've ever had. Absolutely fabulous!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jasper323
<Content>Good Family Vacation       The Grounds  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>bruceToronto
<Content>Wonderful family vacation at Club Med Punta Cana We're from Toronto  this was our first trip ever to a beach resort with our two kids 5  8 who can be very difficult to travel with. Bottom line: pretty much everything about the trip to Club Med Punta Cana (CMPC) exceeded our expectations. Nothing went wrong  nothing disappointed. We'll be back next year for March break for sure. When we arrived at the Punta Cana airport we went right to the little Club Med desk in the arrival lobby. There was no line  we were warmly welcomed by a delightful young lady who immediately had a professional driver take us  our baggage in a new air conditioned van directly to CMPC. No waiting, no busses, no stops along the way at other properties, no taxi hassles, etc. What's very nice about CMPC  which we'd read about in other reviews is that the property is only 10 minutes or so from the airport (most of the other Punta Cana properties are much further) yet you really never hear planes at the resort. We met some people at the airport on the return whose hotel was an hour long van drive to get to...When we got to the property at 8:00 pm there was almost no wait at the check in desk. A cold drink was offered. All of our keys were in order  we were quickly checked in, given our keys  bracelets  taken to our room.Our room was one of the ones which hadn't yet been renovated -- but we knew this when we had made the reservation  it was perfectly fine. Good news was that it was in the original part of the property  was thus very central  close to everything (pool, beach, in between both restaurants, etc) which we found really convenient. in fact, our 'garden view' room had a terrific view of palm trees  the ocean. The room layout was great for a family of four in that the master had a queen bed for mom  dad in a room separated by double doors (locking ;-) from the separate sitting room (which had two large couches which easily converted to sleeping beds in the eve for the two kids). the room had a tv with a good selection of US TV stations (if that's what you're into on a beach vacation...) as well as a mini fridge, lots of fresh water bottles that were replaced every day, a separate wash  shower room from the toilet room. Two very large closets with plenty of shelves  hanger room,  an in room safe. The room was essentially like having a junior suite with a separate bedroom. all the outlets are 110 AC US style so no adapters needed. Perfect for us. The only downside --  its a very small deal -- of the location of the property is that the sun sets on the other side of the island so there are great sunsets (I hear...)  the sunset time is really pretty  peaceful but you don't actually see it set into the ocean.One of the primary reasons we selected this property was for the kids club (aka mini club). It was terrific in all respects. everything that many of the other postings say about how the GOs (gracious organizers) work so hard  genuinely care so much for the kids is all true  then some. they make the kids feel totally welcome the second they arrive  then proceed to entertain, comfort, coach, joke with, swim with, sing with, sail with,  eat with them for the next week. Never did we see a GO that looked tired, bored, disgusted or angry. They are incredibly disarming  comforting, most have been there at least a couple of years,  we saw few if any kids -- whether they were 3 or 12 -- that weren't having a blast. In the first two days alone of mini club, my 8 year old boy had done sea kayaking, swimming (3x per day), archery, soccer, basketball, catamaran, etc. We'd drop them off at 8:45 or 9:00 after breakfast. Sometimes we'd grab them for lunch with us but often they have lunch with their group. We'd pick them up at 5;30, have a family swim (while mom 7 dad had a cocktail) at the main pool (which is huge  well spread out)  then we'd shower for dinner. at 7:15 we'd either dine as a family or we'd let the kids dine with their groups -- their choice (about half the time we ate together). After dinner around 8:15 there was always a show -- half or more of which the kids participated in  most of which were actually entertaining (often in a silly way that the parents easily got through with a cocktail but always in a way the kids liked). By 9:15 or so the kids were passed out in bed with a smile on their faces.During the day mom  dad spent most of the time reading books  napping under palm trees on the beach. The beach actually very big (there's the main beach to the right  then a whole other wide open expanse to the left of the sailing center which we found quiet  peaceful even when the club was at full capacity. the beach is along a bay which is protected by an outer reef no matter how windy or rough the sea (we heard of some other properties that had to close their beach for a couple of days when it was particularly windy but we didn't have a problem at CMPC). The beach was always kept clean  the sand was the powder white you'd hope for in the Caribbean,  it seemed like there was always a terrific breeze which was just enough to keep the edge off of the heat when at the beach or pool. There were plenty of adult activities including snorkeling, wind surfing, sailing, snorkeling, volleyball, archery, bocce pool aerobics, scenic power walking, etc, etc. There was no pressure at all to participate in any of them  it was easy to relax without a bunch of noise, but there was plenty to do if you got bored. We were there for a full week  never left the property other than to go out into the ocean.There were two restaurants. One is enclosed  air conditioned ( move central)  one is more open  right on the beach. You can dine at either  the food is essentially the same. the food is buffet  not a la carte. For us with impatient little kids this was perfect. if you want a quiet romantic five star a la carte dinner, don go to CMPC. If you have kids  want to balance ease  their tastes with your own enjoyment, this was a perfect compromise. The food was frankly better then we expected. Given that about 40% of the guests were French (with another ~40% Canadian, ~15% American,  ~5% 'other') they wouldn't stay in business if it wasn't. There were always a wide selection of great fish  chicken dishes. The fruits  vegies were plentiful  we ate them all with no problems. The cantaloupe melon  mango were as sweet as we've ever had in the world. The breads were amazing (though we caution you that addiction to the white chocolate bread is a common  dangerous phenomenon...). The different themes each night introduced enough variety so you didn't get tired of the food over the course of the week. There's also a beach grill that's open starting at 3:00 that has burgers, sandwiches, fruit salad, etc in case you nap through or decide to skip lunch.The grounds are impeccably maintained  are very green (compliments of a sprinkler  irrigation system they activate at night). They also fumigate the property late every night so the mosquito issue is pretty much non-existent except in a few brightly lit spots in the early evening. If you have small or medium kids  want to get away to a tropical beach easily accessible from the eastern US or Canada  with an all inclusive club  with plenty of organized activities (with safe  thoughtful supervision) to keep the kids busy all day while you relax under a coconut tree, this is as fine a choice as we could ever imagine.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>croninLexington
<Content>Great family vacation       Punta Espada  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>labelleray
<Content>Graet for young families       Sailbout and wreck  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SandOz
<Content>Very nice place       The beach  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>6t-family
<Content>Great Family Trip, GOs Make It Work       Soon to be a pirate  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>zozzee
<Content>Dont do it! Pro's :Good food  the beach is beautiful Cons: My room was tiny and smelled of mold since the AC was brokenWe were 5 so we needed 2 rooms but they were on seperate floor, which was a total painMy room which was an ocean view ( pd more) was near reception so people passed all night talking, waking me repeatedlyCafeteria style so kids were constantly up and down, never felt we had a meal all together.If you didnt get to the buffet early you witnessed the fly's coming around.If you love to eat and drink ALOT go here because other people will supplement your intake, I dont drink alot and felt I was paying for others booze.Also you are paying for all the activites and babysitting, there were tons of French speakers which is fine but my kids didnt do the camps for this reason so I had to sit at the concrete skate park while my daughter rollerbladed.On the upside my teenage stepdaughter was out all day and night with the teens club and LOVED it.( no surprise ....it was her idea!)This is the 2nd largest Club Med in the world, sorry but I want peace and quiet on vacation not 1,600 people around me, NOT the place for me.I give one star for the beach and one for the food.I gained 5 pounds BTW!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>bobsmith1127
<Content>Great Hotel, but room for improvment I have just returned from a 7 day vacation at Club Med Punta Cana. Overall I had a great time, the beach was fantastic, the food was excellent they had a huge pool, etc. The two things that gave me problems are:  On a few occasions a bulletin with events was posted or we were told a time that was not always accurate and this got us a little confused.  Depending on what time of year you go anywhere from 50- 80 percent of the people speech French. Now if you speech French your fine, but some of the activities were only in French and that and at times I got a little board because i planned that activity into my schedule.Activities and ExcursionsArchery- its fun and good for the whole family Maranarium tour- you get to swim with sharks (Vegetarian) and ray. It has an awesome crew and it is a lot of fun.Indian River tour- this one is long, (all day) but worth it. A lot of fun activities like canoes, a rope to swing into the river etc.  (May not be good if you have small children)Overall I am very satisfied  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Murkle
<Content>Great Place for our 1st family vacation       The beach  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NJFamilyof5
<Content>Great Vacation but Some Room Issues We went to Club Med with our twin 6 year old girls and 4 year old son. Getting there went really smoothly as we were on a Club Med Charter out of JFK. Camp: The greatest part about the trip was the mini camp. before we got there, my son kept saying that he is not going to camp and he hid behind my leg when we walked into the camp building. However, within two minutes, one of the male counselors said some really silly things to him and off he went. My kids stayed in camp for about 10 hours a day all week long and loved it. It has been 3 weeks since we returned and my daughter refuses to take her wristband off until we go back again.The food: fine.The staff: Kids club staff was amazing. There was a surprising number of other staff members who didn't speak a sufficient amount of English.The worst part of our trip was our room. Becuase we were 5 people we had two adjoining two bedroom deluxe rooms (known as a b4+c2) in the Cancun building. After I booked, I noticed that the confirmation said that there was still some construction. I called Club Med on multiple occasions and had a travel agent call for me and we were both told that it was just light construction behind a big wall all the way at the end of the property and we would not hear or see anything. When we got there, the construction of new buildings was right in front of our building between our building and the ocean (the cinderblocks for the first floor only were there). While they do not use heavy machinery, it was ugly, the sound of pick axes can be annoying and they worked into the night so trucks would be driving around very quickly on the pathways in the dark). Also, while one of our renovated rooms was great, the other one didn't seem to have been constructed well - the door lock wouldn't open sometimes, the closet door needed to be taken off because it wouldn't slide open, the hot and cold water were backwards in one sink, there was no flat screen tv mounted). Since we had the adjoining room, it didn't matter as much but if that had been our only room, we would not have been happy.Overall, while I would not recommend staying in the Cancun building for a few more months, we loved our vacation and would definately recommend going there.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>JSKAbroad
<Content>Beautiful beach resort FOR FAMILIES OK. this is going to be a long review. So, if you aren't interested in the whole thing I will break it down for you here succinctly:1) Beautiful property, above average rooms, great food2) VERY family oriented. Don't go if you aren't with a family or tolerant of lots of little kids3) Great beach, lots of activitiesOK, now for the details. I read almost all of the reviews on Trip Advisor prior to going to Club Med. I am not a beach resort type of person but as this was our first vacation of this type with our young daughter, (2) we decided that this would be a good option. I am going to try and address all of the points that I encountered in the negative reviews and add things that I would have liked to know but didn't see elsewhere.So here we go!1) Getting thereWe live in Denver so unfortunately we had to layover overnight at both ends of the trip in Miami. We stayed in a great hotel in Miami but the airport there SUCKS! We would avoid MIA for anything other than a direct connection in the future. Although we arrived in Punta Cana unscathed, our baggage did not accompany us. This made for a moderate inconvenience and an expensive payout in the resort boutique but the airline and Club Med handled things very nicely and we got our bags the next day. WARNING: If you don't book your vacation AND air through Club Med, you will have to arrange your own transfers. Not a big deal but just be forewarned.2) The property/roomsThe Punta Cana property is magnificent. It is exceptionally clean and well maintained. The entire resort has been or is in the midst of being renovated. A scathing review from last summer that included pictures of a dirty, moldy room is now moot. The rooms are comfortable, well-appointed and roomy enough for a family of four at least. There is a small seperate anteroom with a door to keep your kids in. They provide baby cribs or Pack'nPlays on request. We brought our own but never used it.That same scathing review from last summer commented on bugs in the room. Folks, the Dominican is a tropical island. Thus, there will be bugs. We encountered one in our room during the week. We killed it and got rid of it. No big deal. If you have bug issues, DON'T GO TO A TROPICAL ISLAND!As for mosquitos; we never saw any. We never used bug spray. We each got a couple of bites over the course of the week. Again, not surprising and no big deal.More than a few people commented in negative reviews about the size of the property and having to walk a lot. I really don't know what to say about this. It's true, the property IS large and you WILL have to walk to get places. Sometimes, it may even take you five minutes or so! OMG!!! I suppose, if this is a problem for you, look elsewhere but a little walking never really hurt anyone did it? A stroller is a good idea for toddlers. They PROVIDE them for not yet walking children.Others commented on TVs. There are now flat screen tvs in every room with satellite channels. But seriously, are you going to really watch that much that you care?3) The amenities/activitiesYou are never at a loss for something to do in this place. The pool is clean and huge with cool water-perfect temp. (Not overly warm as others have commented.) The beach is large with both shaded and open areas and lots of chairs. Sand is talc like and the ocean water is clear and amazingly refreshing. Sports available include; archery, tennis, basketball, ping pong, a small gym with two treadmills and some other equipment, rollerblading, bocce ball, sailing, diving (NOT worth it...more on this later), snorkelling, windsurfing, and, of course, the trapeze and other circus activities. All the activities are easy to get to, rarely involve much of a wait and well supervised. Equipment is in great condition.4) Food/drinkSeveral people made negative comments about the food in the past. While I realize that taste is subjective I have the following general comments: If you travel somewhere expecting the food to be the same as at home, why travel? If you want fast food, why travel? The food at Club Med was way above average. There was a dizzying array of choices at every meal ranging from typical fries and burgers to escargot in puff pastry. The breads were definitely the highlight with wonderful croissants, brioche bread, loaves of all manner and the most sinful white or dark chocolate bread that simply has to be tried to be believed. Vegetarians need not worry, there are lots of options though I can't attest to vegan.There are two restaurants, both buffet style. We would have liked an a la carte option but honestly, it wasn't that big of a deal. I won't go in to great detail on the restos but suffice it to say that we preferred the ambience of the Hispaniola though the Saman was more than adequate.Bars are nice, drinks are good and beer is cold.4) Kids club/petit-club/babyclubKind of a mixed bag here. I would say without reservation that kids 4 and up will LOVE this option. 3 and below it's a little more hit and miss. The staff are wonderful and friendly but not particularly well-trained. Thus crying toddlers tend to be crying the whole day. There are lots of organized activities but some of the stuff they did seemed a little bizarre. They staged a 'show' for the toddlers and three year olds. This amounted in an exercise for the parents to get photos and certainly was not something the kids liked very much. The two year olds were paraded across the stage in makeup and costumes-each one crying their little eyes out. Worse, the three year old wer put in Lindsay Lohan style dresses and made to perform some kind of routine that overtly sexualized the little girls in a manner that we found reprehensible but most of the parents seemed to like. Whatever, the kids club was still a good way to keep your kids busy and make sure that you enjoy your vacation as well. Nap times are provided and a godsend for heat exhausted little ones. Nihgighttime sitting or a grou pajama club are also available for a fee-though not an exorbitant one. We utilized both services and liked them both.Our one major issue with the kids club was their inflexibility. We were traveling with another family. Our two year old initially was placed with our friend's three year old. However, the next day we were told that our daughter had to go with the two year olds as there were now too many three year olds. This was unacceptable to us and to her. Where our daughter had really thrived with the three year olds (I know, I know, I AM her dad, but it's TRUE, I swear, she's a pretty mature two year old!) she hated being with the youger kids-many of whom were still in diapers and it kind of ruined her experience from then on. The manager was completely inflexible to our request to have her with her little friend and this put us off a bit.5) the overall experienceGreat for beach resort types. For me, who doesn't really go for this kind of thing, it was still very, very good.Beware though; a lot of people from France do go here. If this is a problem for you, DON'T go! Personally, we speak french and had no issues, the French people that we met were all personable and friendly. Most spoke english as well. If meeting people and cavorting is your style, you'll do fine. If you want to be alone, you'll also do fine. But if you are going to be closed minded and steroetype folks before you meet them, you will have issues. The staff were almost all ti-lingual (eng/fr/sp)You should also know that this is a FAMILY resort. LOTS and LOTS of kiddies around. So, if you don't like kids or can't stand being around lots of families, don't go to this resort! We did meet lots of childless couples though few singles and they all had a great time because they knew what to expect.SO, if you made it this far, you are probably seriously considering this place and honestly. I don't think that you will be disappointed. All in all, a very good first time Club Med experience for me and an excellent repeat one for my wife.Hope this was helpful.Cheers.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>clinus
<Content>We loved it       Deserts: tasty and offered in a really nice way  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>SharonOpa
<Content>A Special Needs Parent Review My extended family traveled to Club Med Punta Cana. We had 10 adults and 8 children, aged 3-14. My daughter Rachel, 11, is moderately mentally retarded, so I was very worried about whether they could manage with her at the children's club. I didn't think anyone could compare to the Disney Cruise the previous year. But CMPC did a Terrific Job. Such relief. She ended up spending from about 10 am -2 pm at the club, generally. They were very flexible, treated her cheerfully, and hesitated just the right amount to contact me when things came up. That is a subtle art - not contacting parents when they didn't quite need to, and getting us right away if they did. Wonderful job. Rachel uses a wheelchair to go long distances, and they managed that cheerfully as well. Other kids in the family had mostly great experiences. The mostly-French was not a problem for many, but one child did go to the next younger class when she was uncomfortable that no other kids happened to speak English as a first language in her age group. Kid's club management was flexible, she moved and was quite happy after that. My 14 year-old son found the teen club to be a bit of a fizzle...difficult to get the teenagers to make the effort. There were only about 8 teens that attended at all the week we were there, and they each dipped in for maybe an activity or two per day. By the end of the week my son got tired of trying to figure out if anyone was doing anything or where they might be, since there were so few participating that sometimes it was down to zero. I would say the teen club added to the experience, but was not a large draw. The smaller kids were definitely happier with their program. As far as the language debate goes, I speak a little French, and travel a lot, so I was fine. My husband speaks no French, but doesn't care about every little thing that goes by, so he was fine. Others in the family said the late week wore on them as they continued to try to discern what was happening at the shows and such, but the entertainment is usually visual enough that you don't need every detail. They definitely do speak much more French than they say in English; speaking both I noticed that repeatedly. Maybe 80-20% French-English at the shows. We appreciated all the different cultures. Americans, you may want to warn your kids that they might spot topless women (not many, but some)...works out better if you talk about it before you get to the MOMMY LOOK AT THAT!! moment. :-) I loved this place! My son and husband  I tried several activities they offered...windsurfing, trapeze, sailing. The wind was BRISK, and we (accomplished sailors) capsized the unfamiliar sailboat right away. No worries, we got it settled, and the water activities staff was friendly and helpful. The windsurfing was terrific. Equipment all in great shape.The buffet dining worked out very nicely for our crowd of 18 people. We could sit together and manage all the little ones as we needed to without having to wait for table service. I really enjoyed the food, mostly because I like trying anything I haven't eaten before and there was much variety. We didn't eat any of the burgers  fries-type food, but it was there if you want it. Lots of great fruit. We had some mild stomach issues, about 30% of the family for one day. Never can tell if that was something you got on the plane or something else...but a little Pepto is a good thing to have in your bag. We took a taxi into town (the Bowling bar) to watch an Eagles game. Decent sports bar with satellite TV if you want to catch a big game. The taxi driver spoke Absolutely No English, so be ready with some Spanish if you travel off-resort. They didn't get the Eagles game station at the bar, but after an hour of hanging out with the patrons a couple of local golf-course sculptors invited us to their apartment to watch the game. (These are guys who use bull-dozers to precisely craft the course architect's slope and yaw of new golf course holes! Who knew?) I had my father  my son with me, and a brother-in-law...turned out to be the best evening of the trip. The taxi driver picked us up as arranged at 1:00 in the morning after the game, so in our experience taxi service was dependable. It reads more risky than it felt, and usually I find that enjoying the local people often produces trip highlights.Shows were fine if a bit inane, but the acrobat night was not to be missed. The kids' participation show was extremely cute; we enjoyed it even though our children weren't in it. My nieces and nephews got quite excited about participating, and much film  video was shot that evening! (A word - some of the girls' costumes were a little loose/skimpy...a light shirt under might avoid a couple of embarrassing moments forever immortalized on tape.)Another tip - at the airport, don't let the charming gentlemen hustle you into skycapping your luggage from baggage claim to the curb...it's a Very Short Distance, not worth a tip. But you don't realize it until you're out there, and it can be a bit annoying as a first experience in the country. This was my first Club Med vacation, and I appreciated that I could sit next to the pool all day, or bust my butt doing all manner of physical activities. (Like trapeze?!) The kid's club was Terrific. I would definitely recommend it for all my friends...special and otherwise.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>hannahbobana
<Content>Family Treat If you have kids, this is your place!Having never been to a Club Med Resort, I have no basis of comparison, but we were extremely impressed with the quality of the kids' program. Our children are 51/2 and 7 and they had a great time.The staff have an enthusiasm that is unbelievable! By day 2 they remembered both the children's names. The kids can join in to the club whenever they want during the day and you can sign them out when you want as well. The staff are very diligent about security, taking head counts all the time and making sure there are always staff in front and behind the group when they are heading off to activities.My only complaint with the program might be that at some of the activities, like the trapeze and archery, the kids were sitting for too long waiting for their turn. Also, they didn't ask about swimming skills and so my 5 1/2 year old, who is a very good swimmer had to wear water wings because he was put in the 4/5 group and that's what they do. But, we talked to them and it was no problem to put him in the older group.For my kids, who come from a city that is slowly becoming multicultural, it was a great opportunity to see that there are many different languages and cultures out there. All the G.O.'s were extremely friendly and attentive, and, I know this is shmarmy, but they make you feel like you're something special.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>biz_Travelor7
<Content>don't go with mobiility problems Booked this hotel last year, said that I needed a room close to main building (site is vast). My file was repeatedly noted but when we arrived got a room about 3/4 mile away.This year, both wife and son in wheelchairs. Same promises upon booking and confirmation. Same attitude and non-action and same 3/4 mile away room. Great place but don't go if you have a mobility problem.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>3	5	2	5	3	1	4	1	

<Author>Jeff_and_Laura
<Content>Beautiful but..... This resort was beautiful, well maintained and very clean. The G.O's that worked there were wonderful. Most spoke English, French and Spanish. The beach was huge and included snorkelling, wind surfing, kayaking and sailing. Good place to take your children as there are lots of activities geared for them.OK, now the negatives.....1. No service. Everything included food and drinks but you had to get them yourself. This was extremely annoying when you are on the beach because it can be a long walk to the nearest bar.2. Food was terrible unless you like French cuisine. We practically starved during most of our trip. There was lots to choose from but the overall taste factor wasn't there. Most of the food was quite bland. An ala carte restaurant would have been nice for a change of pace. Couldn't wait to get back to Canada for Tim Hortons as the coffee was also unbearable at the resort.3. There were two buffet restaurants, both of which served basically the same thing. We found that it was not set up very well. For example, making toast in the morning seems simple but when you realize that the butter is on the other side of the restaurant it gets quite frustrating. Lettuce is on one side, while dressing is somewhere in the middle. If you want cucumbers or anything else to go with your salad......have fun searching for all of these things.4. No shuttle service to and from your rooms. This is fine if you've got a room close to the amenities. Our room, however, was at one end of the resort while the amenities were on the other side. I think we lost weight as our walk was aprox. 12 minutes one way.5. Guests seemed to be mostly French speaking. Great if you speak French.Overall, we found that this would be a great place to take your children if you can get past the language barier, the horrible food and the lack of service (having to get everything yourself). We definitely will not be going back to a Club Med resort. This is not the resort to go to for a romantic getaway as a couple. We have been to other five star resorts that we payed less for and enjoyed more. With that being said, we would like to thank all of the GO's at the resort who basically made the trip enjoyable for us. It would have been a complete disaster if it weren't for them.Jeff  Laura (Age 37)Redcliff, AB, Canada  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>mari6210
<Content>loved it, some very minor issues From the minute you arrive, the GO's are there to make you feel like home. We were greeted with all smiles and drinks (!!!) upon arrival. The resort itself is beautiful, with an ocean view from almost everywhere on the property. The rooms are set back quite a bit from the beach, and some of the buildings were a decent walk from either of the restaurants and activities. My room was clean, bright, and exactly what I needed to come back to everyday. The food was decent (I'd say a 7 out of 10), with healthy and tasty options for everyone. There was an activity offered at every minute of every day. Yoga was offered on the beach at sunrise 9AM, and sunset 5PM.....both of which I highly recommend. There was also a decent gym/weight room there which was well kept and also faced the ocean. Windsurfing, snorkeling, kayaking, volleyball, and bocce ball were all offered on the beach. There were 2 bars, one being at the foot of the ocean. The few drawbacks I encountered: **First, the place is VERY family oriented and if you are there as a couple (as I was) it can be very hard to find a quiet spot where there no children screaming and running circles around you, however, we managed to scope out some relaxing spots for ourselves. **Second, the french tourists there can be a little bit rude and there is definitely a huge cultural difference, but I got used to it eventually. **Third, I found when I was booking the trip/airfare that when I booked the airfare separately (not through Club Med) that I saved a very substantial amount of money. However, when you book airfare separately, you do not receive transportation provided by club med to and from the airport. This was definitely not a set back for us, as there are tons of taxi companies waiting outside the airport, and it is a 5 minute drive from the resort (about $10-$15). All in all, the thing that made our vacation amazing was the staff. They are always willing to accommodate every need and issue.A vacation at Club Med Punta Cana is definitely going to be money well spent!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>FrankDrebin
<Content>Great Kid-Friendly Club Med       Kids Club  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>PetraMS
<Content>Great For Kids, We'd Go Back We were at Club Med Punta Cana January 5-15 of 2008 with two kids (ages 6 and 7)and my parents and had read reviews on trip Advisor before going. We expected the French language which was no problem. We had a great time. We were so impressed we would try Club Med again. We are not big fans of cruises but this was an all-inclusive vacation that was nice for our family.The Kid's Club GO were unflagging in their energy and effort around the kids and generally took great care of them. There were plenty of different things for the 6-7 year-olds to choose from. While we were checking our kids in, the GO told kids to put on sunscreen. One kid said he had--the GO actually rubbed his finger on the kid's face to check and told him to go back and put it on. When kids were looking upset or nervous about doing something new--whether just joining in or trying a trapeze, the GOs literally got down on their level and humored them.Our kids really enjoyed the shows--other reviews say they are excruciating, and while I would agree, I will say that Club Med has nailed what kids like, in a universal language. The jokes tend to be more risque than in American culture but no violence. I think that's a reflection of cultural differences. My husband did 3 dive trips. In general, they were good, the dive master was not as warm and service-oriented as one might expect and they had some issues with one of the 3 dives, but basically it was fine. I did the snorkeling because I got certified years ago and can't remember all the dive stuff. The snorkel trip was a a bit steep but it was fine snorkeling. The snorkeling off the beach was enjoyable but not super spectacular. We did see fish and some coral. I went with my daughter quite a bit (7 years old) and it was fine for that purpose. But the sights are nothing you would consider super fabulous.In fact, in general, I would say the excursions are pricey--instead of taking the Club Med shopping trip, we latched on to a group that was taking a cab to the shopping area. I also did a massage which was priced more like an American massage, but lovely under a palapa (thatched hut) on the beach.We all enjoyed the food, but my mom got sick 2 days before we left. We heard that each week 6-7 people get sick. We had raw fish, french pastries, Dominican fare as well as burgers and fries. Great breads and cheeses. We were all very impressed by the food.There were some other nice little touches that aren't mentioned anywhere-one day, someone walked around with a monkey for people to see, another day they were handing out fruit at the pool. You don't hear or read about this anywhere, it just happens.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>JujuB23
<Content>Exceeded all our expectations Before we went to Club Med Punta Cana, I read about 200 reviews. I didn't know what to think. Now, after spending 10 days there, I can tell you it was absolutely worth the money and the travel time. We had a wonderful time and would go back in a minute. The kids program was unbelievable. Our eight year old son was gone everyday from 9 am until we made him come back to the room with us at 9 at night. The GO's were fun and very responsible about the kids. I really can't say enough about them. This allowed us, the parents, to lounge by the pool or grab a chair on the beach without any cares or worries. After being there, I think if you want to have a wonderful time you have to have the right expectations. If you want a five star resort that caters to you in English, this isn't the place for you. The rooms are very clean, but plain. We didn't care, we used the room to sleep in and change our clothes. The food was very good, but it isn't a fancy restaurant. We had fun sitting with other people and met several that we are still in contact with. If you want to sit alone, they will accomodate you. We always found someone that spoke English. I did the water aerobics and they were in french but the instructor demonstrated each exercise so it didn't matter what language it was in. I had a blast each day. There is so much to do and so many choices there, I can't believe someone could not have a great time. The grounds were kept in impeccable condition, the staff friendly and accomodating, delicious food, wonderful weather, beautiful beach, fun activities and a top notch kids program. We loved Club Med in Punta Cana. Go and enjoy it. But, take lots of suntan lotion - we went through about a can a day.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>nooooowaaaay
<Content>Best Club Med Ever! We came from California to spend a week at our 4th Club Med. We've been 2x to Ixtapa and once to the Bahamas. The property was gorgeous, the food excellent, the beach and pool beautiful, and the GO's very friendly. It is a very long 2-legged flight (11 hrs, total) to get to the Caribbean, so for me, it better be worth it. It was! The property is VERY large, and there is a lot of walking to get to your room. Plan ahead - you won't want to make multiple trips. The rooms are clean and functional - just ok, but who stays in there room? It has great A/C, a TV with many US channels and a private room for the kids. It was fine. The weather was just right, 85 and not too humid. Just a very few skeeters (they spray every pm). Yes, the guests were mostly French. Most could speak English somewhat. The local staff spoke Spanish. Really, if you travel outside the US, what do you expect? The whole world speaks English? In California, one is at a distinct disadvantage if one doesn't speak Spanish.... the GO'sall spoke decent English. The kids' clubs are what keep me coming back. The staff REALLY appear to love working with children. My 13-year old has always made friends with the GO's and other kids and had a blast at each one we've been to. She LOVED the teen club. Just enough adult supervision and choice to make her feel she was in charge of her own activities. They may attend all or part of the day, from 8:30 am to 9:30 pm. They can engage in any of the myriad of activities offered by several GOs or just stay and watch videos or play on the computers or X-Box (!?). I had to beg my kid to spend any time with us at all! She set an alarm for the morning and spent all day with her friends. She took meals with them, also. They were mostly American or French Canadians. She cried when we left and told me she would remember this vacation forever. OK - that was so worth it!I saw quite a few single moms w/kids and some single women who explain they prefer the kids' properties so that they are not constantly hit on. There were security guards everywhere, presumably to keep locals out. I felt very safe letting my daughter out of my sight. However, if you do not like being around kids - this isn't for you. They are everywhere!The French do go topless on the beach and some around the pool - that took a bit getting used to. Nobody seemed to care. I didn't. My daughter said the American boys made a fuss of it at first, but by the end of the week, they got over it. Snorkeling was great - right off the beach. Lots of fish and stingrays. My hubby saw a HUGEea turtle 4x bigger than he and a giant manta ray. The ocean was warm with very few waves. It was shallow for a long way out. The beach is like that Corona commercial...The resort was only half full when we were there; as we were leaving the hordes of East Coast guests were arriving. The teen club was supposedly going to jump from 100 11-17-year olds to 300+. The mini club (little kids were expected to number over 500! ) was going to be packed. Try to go in the off season...Would I go again? Tomorrow!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>TorontoESP
<Content>Another great Club Med Vacation...... Stayed at Club Med PC ending the week of Dec 22....by this time both restaurants are open.....and the new mini club was opening the week of Dec 23 and looked fabulous.As always, going to a Club Med you must know what you are looking for in a vacation......the food and room would rate a 7-8 compared the the better luxury hotels.....BUT....the grounds are spread out (I suspect 1/2 mile of beach) giving alot of privacy and the sports activities, and kids camps are second to none. We travelled with our 9, 13 yr olds and never saw them the entire week as they were enthralled with the camps that cater to 11-13, 8-10, 5-7 and under 5. Yes, PC is primarily french and the beach definitely so, you must approach it with an open, experiential mind, then you will enjoy yourself. Fabulous large pool, decent nightlife.....a great, great place for kids and families, who have a reasonably active (sporting) approach to vacationing. Be aware, not much to do outside this club in Punta Cana.....not a place for sight seeing.This is my 5th Club Med, and my family will go again at our next opportunity.From Toronto, Canada  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>NyTom1
<Content>Great but could be better Just returned from a week long stay at Club Med - our first ever with Club Med as well first week long vacation with 2 kids - 4 and 2. Overall a great experience - superb location, lovely resort, helpful staff. Couple of nuisances which I think could have been avoided......We have a deluxe ocean facing room which turned out great - only issue is you do not know what you will get till you reach. Although we requested room close to restaurant as we had 2 kids, we actually got a room on totally on the opposite end (restaurant being on one side and the second restaurant being shut for renovation) and so, every meal was 1/2 mile walk one way - a pleasant but avoidable - esp with kids.....also the kid club (petite and mini) was temporarily housed in a much smaller facility as the original is under renovation - with kids spending too much time walking from the beach, pool, restaurant, back to the club, etc. But the club staff was phenominal!! During our stay, only one restaurant was open (other being renovated) and there was no TV - except a chinese covering channel - something very irritating until the channels came live on Dec 15. Also during one day when storm hit the resort, there was no power for 45 min late evening and pitch dark rooms with no candles or any back-up provision - shocking for a resort this size. Also the bathroom floor (glazed tiles) were so slippery -something a resort for familiies and kids must address. Some of the other reviews pointed to the lack of furniture and sharp edges, which we also observed.Finally language turned out to be mostly french, spanish - but the staff was most friendly.....I donot know if this is peculiar of this resort or Punta Cana as a whole.....  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>LoisLaneAZ
<Content>The Best Ever I am not sure what to make of some of the other reviews here. We took our family to Club Med PC over Thanksgiving week and absolutely loved it. My son and daughter cried when we left. The food was very good, the people were very friendly and helpful, our room was tidy and the drinks were plentiful! I cannot say I left fully rested because we spent so much time with the activities. We have never visited a Club Med before, so didn't know what to expect. This place was like a summer camp. We have been to lots of other resorts, but never to one where we could stay so busy (or not) all the time. My husband chose to windsurf regularly, and I did lots of the exercise classes in the beautiful outdoor workout space right on the beach. While I wished some of them were a little more intense, they provided plenty of exercise and along with everything else, let me overeat everyday and still not gain weight. We hardly saw our kids. They LOVED to mini-club. This was a new thing for them, but already they are asking to go back.On the downside - we came from the SW USA - it takes a long time to get there, and the return flights on Sunday were horrible. Our fault since it was Thanksgiving week.The place was under construction. It looks like the Regular Mini-club would have been even better, but they were tearing it apart. They are doing something to a bunch of the rooms too. And, one of the restaurants was closed. It might have been nice to eat in another spot, but we certainly didn't go wanting for quantity or variety. We wish we spoke some more French. For us, it never presented a problem, but it took a bit more effort sometimes. There was always someone around to help translate. However, this is a French company in a Spanish speaking country, so take that for what it is worth. If you want a sterile english only place, go back to Orlando. Our room was a bit small, but we were not in there much. The housekeepers were really accomodating - our daughter was sick when we arrived and spent a couple of days napping in the room. They came through when it was convenient for us and did a really nice job. They mop the floors everyday! I suspect that when the place is full, it might be different. Since there were fewer of us, there was never a challenge to get equipment or activities. The GO's worked hard to include us. My husband played Flag football with a bunch of french guys - that was one of the highlights of his trip, and I was in a mini-triathlon which was really fun, too. At first the whole dining thing was hard to get used to. You can sit on your own if you want, but the tables are big and they encourage you to sit with other guests and/or employees. By the end of the week, we really liked meeting people at meals. I met a woman from Germany and she and I played tennis everyday and I suspect we will correspond in the future. To wrap up - this was a great experience. I feel like we MORE than got our money's worth. The staff was great, the facilities were very good, and as I said before, I left feeling some strange combination of relaxed and exhausted. And best of all, we had a great time as a family with our kids. We will go back. Heck - we'd go back tomorrow if we could.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>tenchbunch1
<Content>Run Far Far Away...Horrible..Don't Waste Your Money       what we ended up having to sleep on  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	4	2	1	

<Author>wendyLondon
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic We have just returned from one of our best holidays ever. We are old hands with Club Med but this is by far the best club we have stayed in. It is not as pretty as Martinique but the food was divine and the GO's are the best that we have ever met. I think it is because a lot of the GO's are from the Dominican Republic. The room was really good and extremely spacious. We were there during a dreadful tropical storm but the Club Med machine went into action and they were extremely organised and there was still lots of things to do despite torrential rain and gales. In response to a lot of the comments that it is too French - it is a French company and attracts a lot of French visitors. We found, as usual, this was absolutely no problem at all - everyone, guests included, were extremely friendly. We will be returning next year and hopefully have better weather!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>ablemonay
<Content>Great vacaction spot if travelling with kids ! We got back from the DR about 2 weeks ago we had an amazing time, we have 4 Kids that went with us, 17-15-4-2 both our little ones were enrolled in the mini-club med which they both enjoyed daily, the GO were amazing. Our two eldest enjoyed the freedom of doing as they pleased while on the resort with the older club med group. As mentioned by most reviews the majority of the guests were french speaking, it made it hard at times to try and participate in the games/ activities as we did not fully comprehend what was being said, and the english translation was not always present. The hotel was under renovations when we got there, finishin up the spa, which opened just after we got there . Over all we had a great time and would go back, but probably to a club resort that speaks more English.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>skyplane
<Content>Exactly what we were looking for For families with children looking for a beach vacation, this is perfect. The Kids Camp organizes the children into 2 year age groupings (7-8, 9-10), which makes the activities much more interesting to the kids. Of course, to pull this off there needs to be loads of kids to fill up the space and everywhere we looked we saw kids. The only drawback was the room. All the rooms are essentially identical -- a two room suite with one queen bed in one room and 2 twin beds in the other room. The rooms are relatively small and smelled of mildew. But as the other reviewers note, you don't spend much time in the room at all.As a general observation, I would say that about half of the visitors were from France, which gave the place a really nice vibe. The remaining half all seemed to be from New York City. And for New Yorkers like us, that was fine.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	3	5	1	

<Author>YankeeGurl68
<Content>Too much french`       snorkeling  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>SingleMOM55
<Content>The French Guests Do Get Preferential Treatment My 13 year old son and I spent the last week of August at Club Med at Punta Cana. I had read most of the postings here on TripAdvisor before going and told myself that as a seasoned European traveler I wouldn't be bothered by the French predominance in the resort. To cut to the chase, I was miffed the entire week by the French guests, the French , Domincan, and Haitian GOs and wait staff (but I did not let it ruin my vacation). We were greeted at the resort by a French only speaking GO who was responsible for getting us registered at the resort and off to our cart ride to our room. We were basically shuffled along with hand gestures and driven to a room that was almost at the end of the resort (even though I had upgraded my room).Shortly after arriving I was told by a GO that there were 1600 guests, my guess was that 80% were French. One of the first things we checked out was the Jr. Mini club for 12-13 year olds. The GO in charge told us that every child in this club was French speaking so my son refused to participate for the entire week. That left me as my son's social director for most of the week instead of a quiet rest on the beach with several books and magazines and morning yoga classes I had planned for myself. It wasn't all bad as my son and I shared many wonderful experiences together, including snorkeling, sailing lessons, power boating, bocce ball tournaments, and volleyball. I met a few other American parents and they all had difficulties incorporating their young teens into these clubs as well.I found the French emcee for the theater events and nightly dancing in the main bar extremely grating as she screamed French only dancing instructions into her microphone. I would have preferred to listen to nails scraping across a chalkboard over what was coming from the amplifiers. I met several others during the week that strongly agreed with this assessment.The waitstaff in the restaurant left me standing by myself in the middle of restaurant when a large French group came charging up from behind. Most of the Spanish speaking waitstaff spoke limited French but no English. One relief was that a few hundred French left the resort each day because their summer holidays were ending. By the end of the week there were less than 500 guests and my guess was that only 60% were French. The ambiance had changed significantly and the resort was much friendlier and more relaxed. The English speaking guests became much more visible throughout the resort.The trip was not all bad. We came back happy, well fed, and tanned. My son described it as paradise. For those of you considering a trip for the first time, I would strongly recommend scheduling a week when the French are not on holidays. Also seek out the Canadian GO's. They were wonderful (fun, friendly, helpful). Without them, the trip would have been a letdown.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>lgsm
<Content>Mini Club Concern Ie just returned from Punta Cana village (Dominican Republic) yesterday and we have a pleasant trip, beautiful beaches, good weather and good accommodations and food. My wife and I decide to go to Club Med and not other All inclusive due to our previous experience with you in Brazil. We left our son (7 years old) in the Mini club on August 16 morning and gave to the responsible a bag with tennis shoes, sun block, T-shirt, etc. Just after that we decide to have a walk (2 hours) and when I return I saw my son crying close to my room, alone.After talking to him, I understood he left the Mini Club without permission by the main gate. Ie returned to inform the GOs about that and I realized they know what happened but did not call me in my mobile phone!?!In the end of the day, my son was alone in the village, without assistance since nobody saw him going away and, you can imaging what could happened if we decided to keep a daylong excursion! He decided to not return and due to the confusion we did not pick up the bag at that time (and any GO never talked to us to pick up that every day!). When he asked to play tennis we realize we forget the bag in the mini club and went there to pick then up. What surprise we have to see NO BAG, NO TENNIS SHOES and the things spread around the room. We found only the swimming suit and sun block.Incredible was to see the non-commitment from the GOs about that, saying they could not do anything and we could find some tennis shoes to by in the shop. I talked to the supervisor of Mini Club and to one of the Managers in the village about that but I did not receive any information or excuses. As a result, my son was not able to play tennis or any other activity that need those and on top of that my wife have the sun glass and flip-flop stolen on the swimming pool area.I made a loss and found request and asked for a copy what was refused by the attendant and front desk.Finally I very disappointed with Club Med treatment to a very big issue like that and I very concerned to return in a Club Med village again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>familyof5VancouverBC
<Content>Club Med Punta Cana a hit! It's now been several months since we spent our 2 week Spring Break at the Club Med, our first all inclusive land vacation. My husband, myself and our 3 kids ages 10/12/15 were absolutely delighted and the kids are begging to go back again! We picked Club Med as they had the best pricing for a family of 5 (the world is built for a family of 4!), and the Dominican Republic for the international flavour. A non stop charter from Vancouver helped a lot too!The grounds are lovely and well maintained. Contrary to other areas of the Dominican, there are no other resorts close by. We could leave our stuff on the lounge chairs on the beach while we went to lunch and felt totally secure that everything would be untouched. As well, absolutely no problem getting lounge chairs at any time of day - saving chairs was not an issue, at least not at the beach. Loved the palm trees on the beach which gave some shade, if desired. The beach and water were postcard perfect! Tons of activities to choose from. My husband sailed every day including in the regatta and was very pleased with the personnel there. We were also really impressed that we never had to wait more than 10 minutes for a sailboat, kayak or windsurfer as guests were respectful of the time limits. Our kids participated in the kids clubs. They were old enough to come and go as they pleased so could pick and choose being with the kids group or hanging out with mom and dad. The trapeze program is excellent and the GO's really spent time teaching our kids. Adults participated as well. Really all the staff we encountered were excellent. French did seem to be the dominant language but it never posed a problem for us as everyone was at least bilingual and only added to the int'l flair.Evening shows - went on the first evening we arrived, the show was rather an embarrassment to watch (we went on a cruise last year and you just can't compare the quality of entertainment) so we didn't go to many more. The circus and trapeze shows however, were outstanding, and the kids show, since our kids were in it, was cute.Food - was good, again doesn't hold a candle to cruise ship fare but there was lots of variety and there was always something we liked. However except for maybe 2 nights, both restaurants served the same menu (a different theme each of the 7 nights). With kids, I must say I love the buffet style as there is no waiting involved, no major dressing up to do (tho there are theme nights, maybe 1/3 of the people participated), and no particular time we have to be seated. It was lovely to get to know new people at the communal tables, and we certainly met dozens of families who have been to Club Meds, and even this particular one, many times. Rooms were good, totally adequate with a separate toilet room from the sink/shower. Also a HUGE walk in closet, nice balcony, comfortable beds. There is a TV but stations available vary from day to day! This irritated our 15 y/o sports fan but hey, the idea is not to hang out in the room but to get out and enjoy the beach, tennis, volleyball, aerobics, sailing, etc etc! This is a huge property and if you are staying in one of the outlying units, with young kids, it is a bit of a hike to get to the pool. If you're in a unit right by the reception area, then you're more central but I imagine it might be noisy at times when groups arrive. We were in Columbus Isle - perfect for us.This was not Hawaii but if you want a change and go with an open mind you will have a great time. Different things are important to different people and for us - the scenery, weather, activities, staff, overall feel made this a hit with us. We would definitely go back to Punta Cana and this also gives us a lot of confidence in trying other Club Meds.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Cecih
<Content>Great experience for families We've spent 6 days at Club Med in Punta Cana. Great beaches, beatiful palm-trees around the pool, lots of variety in food and beverage (all inclusive). We've been in other Club Med (in Brazil) and found Punta Cana's one a little bit smaller and old but the service was perfect. One comment: a standard family definitely needs a wardrove... there's no place to put your clothes. The rest of the facilities, services in the beach and overall was great for families. Snorkeling was fun for small kids, too. You don't need to get a trip far away, fishes are all around the beach close to kids.Airport services and other places outside Club Med was not that good. Everything is really expensive until you start a quick and hard negotiation. You can get the same service or goods at half the price sometimes.A place to go, definitely!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pmgillen
<Content>PLEASE READ       Alien Invasion  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cosmocal
<Content>Just wonderful! On this vacation, with a four month old infant, we knew we weren't going to do a lot of activities, but we still ended up having a wonderful time, and so did our baby--he seemed to have grown a bit during our stay! As we stepped off the airplane, it was clear, very warm, and beautiful, although the weather reports said it was rainy, thunderstruck, and cloudy. What we found out was that the weather changes virtually every hour, that cloudy meant that the sun shone through less often, and the rain may pour for a half hour before the clouds clear up for a burst of sunshine. We enjoyed the weather no matter what it was. The airport is filled with very aggressive porters. Let them carry your bags and give a couple dollars tip. The club med transfer was pleasant and only five minutes away. We were greeted with a gauntlet of smiles, claps, and glasses of punch--nice, a little hokey. The entrance opens up to the gorgeous white sanded turquiose beach--a very dramatic introduction. Our quarters were at the Buccaneer, close enough to the center, but far enough for privacy. The room is wonderfully simple. I love most the large step-in shower, which lets you refresh and clean yourself off quickly. There is a huge closet and a large alcove with two day beds, which we rarely used. There is also a pleasant balcony, to which we brought back breakfast to enjoy several mornings. As with other club meds, there is an abundance of activities. We only went kayaking, snorkeling, ping pong, and enjoyed a couple of the evenings' shows. Most of the time, we slept in and got going after lunch, parking and roasting on the gorgeous beach. There are nude sunbathers and that obviously added to the ambiance. The langauage of choice here is French, a pleasant, melodious flow and we learned a few words. The French were quite nice, but aloof, which suited us perfectly. The food offerings were superb for a buffet. Easily a 10 for an everyday buffet, a 6 for restaurant quality. The gala theme is to die for--steamed lobsters galore, foie gras, quiche, worth the trip itself. Everyday there was wonderful fresh squeezed orange juice, additive white chocolate bread, and fresh papaya and pineapples that were as sweet as the French pastires! The Asian night is the only minus. Being Asian, we shuttered a little at the stereotyped food offerings like chop suey and stir-frys and easily elected to eat Mediterenean at the scenic Hispanola restaurant, which was on the beach. The staff was unfailingly enthusiastic. Every staff smiled and greeted you. The kids activities seemed to be excellent. I am a teacher and I was impressed by how quickly the GOs were able to get the chaotic kids in line and enthusiastically chanting and following them like a pied piper! I can't wait for my baby to grow up so he can enjoy this club med. This is my second club med experience and I can't say enough about it. As others have said, if you want white glove treatment and bragging rights about where you stayed, go somewhere else. If you want unpretentious fun and a good time, this is an excellent place for it.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>TomGeorgiacoast
<Content>Too french !!!! Spent the fourth of July 2007. We had a good trip but it way too French..and they do not like Americans.........at all. The room was decent but not espically cool. Most of the speaking and directions given were in french, the shows were in french and the staff was mostly French and as I mentioned they do not really care for Americans. The food got a little redundant and the Botique was very expensive..............and they did not like Amercicans in there either. You would think eighty dollars for a two year olds shirt, shorts and flip-flops might but you a little courtesy but it dosent. A lot of the food was French and I was hoping for a Carribean experience. My 13 year old had fun but neither my wife or I will return to a club med. We have stayed in other resorts where service was there goal but at Club Med service must be way down the list for priorities.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tc4racer
<Content>I did not want to go, but had a good time anyway!!! Ok, I really did not even want to take this trip, but the wife really wanted to do the DR. I ended up liking it anyway!2 adults, and 2 teens (16 and 13) made the trip.The basics: If you book the travel through Club Med, it is all totally painless. You are met at the departing airport, signed in, given your luggage tags and off you go through the airline process. when you arrive, you go to the club med booth (avoid the sleazy baggage handlers. They will yank the bags out of your hand, because they see the club med tag, and walk them 50 feet to the booth). At the booth you get your room key and you are off to the bus.The bus was beautiful, new and air conditioned. Its a 10 minute ride, nice. You get your wrist band and they take care of your bags.The place: The grounds are immaculate, very neat and tidy. The rooms are pleasant, nothing terribly special, but nothing wrong with them either. We had a nice balcony, not on the water, but you could see the water. As many have pointed out, this place is large. Just to be accurate, one day I took a walk from the reception desk to the furthest room. It was a solid 7 minutes at a brisk pace. So if you don't like walking you are in trouble! My room was 4 minutes brisk walk from the center of town.We had no problem with bugs, and never put on repellent.The food: If you can not find food you like here, there is something wrong with you. Remember, this is Club Med, relaxed and casual. If you are expecting a formal sit down dinner, you are staying at the wrong resort. Nice bottle of red wine on every table at dinner. They ALWAYS had the standard stuff for the picky eaters (burgers, chicken, pasta, pizza). But more fun to be had trying things like whole grilled fish (with the eyes!), Dominican stew, etc. Always lots of cheese and fruits around. Tons of nice desserts. I really think the spread of food for all three meals was fantastic.The beach: Nice enough, but you are on a private section. The pros: no other hotel's guests wandering through. The con: you don't see miles of sandy white beach, and you can't go for a long long walk. The water is ok, but not the crystal clear I remember from other places. They have wind surfers, small sailboats and snorkel equipment. Classes every day to learn. Never seemed to be a huge wait to get anything. But: always windy and a strong current. I could never manage to tack the wind surfer back and always had to be rescued!Never really had a problem getting a lounge chair. At some parts of the mid day, every chair has a towel on it, so they are all taken. But then it slows down. If you get out at a normal time, you will not have a problem at all. You do not have to go out at 7 in the morning and reserve a chair. Chairs always to be had at the pool side.The drinks: Bar always open. Its the basic Rum and Coke, Pina Colada style of things, all free. Local beer ok. Again, if you are looking for a Grey Goose martini, you are staying at the wrong place! Never a line to get a drink.For Kids: We never saw our 16 year old daughter except for the hour before dinner for shower up. They can stay occupied the entire time, and they love it. They all cry when its time to leave. They do a talent show, all the kids are in it, its great. However, there is plenty of underage drinking going on, it seems. It is a wild time at the beach disco from 11pm to 4am, and its a mix of adults and kids. Kind of a bad idea. We made our kid come to the room at 11:45 at the latest, but some teens were there all night. Better hope your kids are trustworthy, or they will be drinking and having their first sexual experience!!!Sports: You can stay as busy as you like with tennis, volleyball, archery, ping pong, the gym etc. I would not say this is a place to get any good instruction or clinics, but they get you out there on the court and then you can arrange your own games. Easy enough. Be warned, it is HOT and HUMID!Language: Lots of French being spoken, but it was never an issue. English speakers totally welcome. (side note: while there are a few europeans who should not wear the thong, it was interesting to see that they are in general in much better shape then the average american. We really need to deal with this problem!!)Its Club Med. Lots of activities, lots of excitement if you want it, and just a very pleasant place. All the employees are nice, never had a problem at all. Recommended.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NatcoH
<Content>Had a great time at Club Med Punta Cana       Pool  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	5	5	

<Author>VirginiaDaddy
<Content>Great for the Kids Spent 7 days in CM Punta Cana. If you are an adult looking for an adult vacation w/o kids, there are much better choices. However, I have four children, ages 16, 14, 8, and 3. They all enjoyed an outstanding vacation. The resort is kid-oriented and CM does a great job with entertainment and activities for them. There was always something fun for them to do.There are a few cons... 1. The sailing staff are rude, insulting, and incompetent. If you stay away from sailing, you'll be fine. 2. Unless you have a premium room, it will seem a bit small.3. The pool water is outright sauna hot. (The ocean temp is fine) 4. If you have been anywhere where snorkeling or scuba diving is good, you'll find Punta Cana below average.5. The prices for extra things or at the boutique are outrageous.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Scottsdale_Guy
<Content>I'd Go Again !! A great vacation. 3 of us, myself, my wife and 15 year old son. I had been to 8 or 9 CM's many years ago ((70's and 80's) and knew (conceptually) what to expect. Of course there have been changes during the years (much better accommodations, better food now, etc.), but the concept remains intact. My wife loved it. She relaxed with her book at the end of the beach, engaged in water aerobics and did nothing. She did, however, take an excursion called Dominican Colors and loved it. I chose to hang out at the resort, play tennis, work-out, snorkel, do aerobics, play water polo and talk to people from SF, NYC, Chicago, Montreal, Paris, Amsterdam, Phoenix and other parts of the world (everyone's friendly). It took a couple of days for my son (shy) to get into the swing of things, but by the third day he was very engaged in water polo, beach volleyball, basketball, surf-sailing (or whatever it's called) and snorkeling. Generally, the food was great as the daily buffets presented innumerable excellent choices. The GO's were all very friendly and helpful. Most of the people were quite friendly. The venue is excellent as it is located on the beautiful Caribbean Sea. It is isolated from any other resort, therefore, the beach is not infiltrated by others from other hotels, or local vendors selling their touristy wares and goods. Our room was quite comfortable with a big porch facing the ocean. The evening shows are not Broadway, but they are fun and the performers (GO's) work hard and aim to please. The resort is conveniently 5 minutes from the Airport and you'd never know it, as there is no noise from takeoffs or landings, at all. The weather was in the high 80's and humid, but who cares when you are in a beautiful, tropical location by the sea. All in all, I'd recommend it to anyone. If you can't enjoy this kind of vacation you might consider Ritz Carleton's or white glove resorts that cater to your every whim. I prefer a more casual, laid back vacation. Summary : a great concept and vacation !!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teekent
<Content>AWESOME!!! Club Med in Punta Cana is a memorable vacation for the books. My family had a blast. We never heard the words I'm bored. My boys are 12, 10 and a girl of 7 years old. The boys did everything the club had to offer i.e. archery, snorkeling, kayaking, sailing and the trapeze. All the G.O.'s made it a memorable experience for the entire family...........we are already planning to return next year.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>vacationmama1
<Content>Fun, Fun, Fun! Okay, so now we're club med groupies...We just got back yesterday, June 23 from a week stay with myself, my husband, and two kids, 3 and 6. Also my mother in law and other in laws. This was our second trip to club med, the first one was in Ixtapa. Basically, we love it. It's just simple, easy fun for families. Everything you and your kids need is right there at all times. I think we like it because of the feeling the resort gives off. By the end of the week, you know the GO's, they know your kids, you know the routine and how and where to have fun, what sport you tried and liked and what you stayed away from and when you want to relax. It really becomes sort of like a village.Resort: The grounds are beautiful and well layed out. It could use an update as some things are starting to show their age. Great view from the Hispaniola restaurant. Room: Good for families. Two daybeds on one side with a king on the other with pocket doors in between. Drawbacks are that the TV is on the kids side, so after they fall asleep you can't really watch. Also (I was very surprised about this), they don't have or offer bedrails for the beds. We tried to fashion some out of the pillows, but my kids fell out of the bed twice on the first day onto the hard tile floor. The beds are narrower than regular twin beds, so difficult to do with pillows. Huge closet was great. We were able to store all our junk and our beach stuff out of the way. IMPORTANT--NO SELF-LAUNDRY FACILITIES. We did not know this, because Ixtapa had machines in the buildings, so this made things a bit harder. Bring lots of clothes or easy to clean items. Basically for your kids during the day all you need is a bathing suit and a UV protected bathing shirt. You will need more appropriate clothes for the evening.Food: GREAT! Especially loved the gala buffet. They greet you with caviar and then smoked salmon, lobster, terrines, duck with orange sauce, etc. Yummy.Shows: Very nice. There is a mini-club show every night which are very silly but my kids thought they were hilarious. The family shows are pretty good too. The circus show was great as was the Dominican show.I especially like the aerobics/dance routine that gets everyone reared up each night!Weather: REALLY HOT, I mean really hot, by 8:00 am. The pool is no relief, it's hotter than my shower. Go for the ocean! Better later in the afternoon.Kid's clubs: It is somewhat like summer camp, except a very high class summer camp, where the kids go to circus school, archery, skating, snorkeling, etc. The facilites of the mini club are also very updated and probably the best kept on the resort. My 6 year old an his cousin were together and they really liked the GO's and the activities. They are extremely energetic and get to know your kids and really try to make it fun. Without their energy and fondness of the kids, it would just be daycare.My younger son was not happy about being separated from his brother, but made friends with one of the GO'sin the petite club and we truly appreciated the attention he payed to him. He only went for half the day.We took salsa lessons which were very fun, kayaked, skated and played tennis, lied on the beach and played with our kids all day until 11:00. We were pretty tired by the end of the week. But we couldn't say we were bored.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChaChaDad
<Content>Enjoyable, Relaxing Stay       Sunset Over Puffy Clouds  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Jamessite
<Content>Punta Cana Paradise       Abdel - Chef du Village  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ValFritz
<Content>Fourth time there--it's the best What can I say? This is my fourth time to this Club Med, my 2 kids (boys, ages 18  14) third time. This is, by far, their favorite Club Med, and that's saying alot. They feel like this is home. Abdel, the Chef de Village, is one of the best on the planet. Unfortunately, after a 2 yr. run, he tells us he's leaving in October. Very sad. He definitely makes the experience.I brought a non-believer with me, an American flight attendant who is very picky, and her 14 yr. old son. Needless to say, after 1 or 2 days, she told me Okay, so I drank the Kool-Aid (a private joke--think of the 80s). In other words, she gets the whole Club Med experience. Her son left kicking and screaming and vows to come back next year. We had to leave the club after 5 nights because they were closed for a private group from Italy coming in. So I had to book the Iberstar Bavaro, after much research on this site, for the last half of my trip. What a mistake. It's rated as the #2 hotel in Punta Cana, and we were miserable after having been to this hotel (see my post on that hotel's site).The food was better than it's ever been, the staff was (as always) fantastic, the fun can't be beat, and the only thing I would complain about was the weather (humid  cloudy). However, my last half of the trip (June 2-7), there wasn't a cloud in the sky. The only disappointment for my kids was that The Ramp was closed (they're apparently expanding it to include video games  internet--a mistake as far as I'm concerned--who wants their kids inside in paradise?) and the fact that there were hardly any teens because they were closing the place AND offering free land to teens the week of June 17. If I had anything to say to Club Med, it would be to stop shutting down the whole property to private groups. I understand that this is very lucrative, but it does affect the guests who are there prior to the closing. By the last night, we were only one of maybe 100 guests left.If you are considering going to this Club Med, by all means do it! I wish I could be back there right now! It's not as elegant as the Cancun Club Med (which we went to in March) and the rooms aren't as snazzy, but it is definitely more fun. You will not regret it!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	3	5	2	

<Author>Sally1124
<Content>A Week in Paradise We just returned from paradise : Club Med Punta Cana. I could not disagree with the last review more. We are a US family with kids ages 11, 10 and 8. We can't wait to plan our next Club Med vacation. Club Med is a honeymoon for the parents and summer camp for the kids. If you love sports, this is the place to go. We never stopped dancing, swimming, and playing until 11pm each night. We learned how to sail, wind-surf, and dance the bachata. If you are looking for a five star resort, go someplace else. If you are looking for an affordable, fun-filled active week with your family, this is your place.Mini Club: I always felt that my kids were in great hands at the mini club. The staff was attentive, fun, and always responsible. They went out of their way to make my kids feel really welcome. No matter when or where we saw the staff, they always welcomed my children to join their activities. My kids practiced Spanish and French as they met kids from many countries around the world. Food: My picky eaters could always find something to eat. My daughter loved the Dominican meat and rice dish served at every lunch and dinner. The fresh fruit available at every meal is unbeatable.Sickness: The second day of our trip my son came down with strep throat. There is an English speaking nurse available 24/7 and an incredibly kid-friendly, English speaking doctor on site every day from 5-7. We got the same antibiotics we would have used in the States. We were so thankful for such great service.Beach: It is an extremely clean beach with pinkish sand and crystal blue water. We will be back. We love Punta Cana Club Med. My kids still have not stopped dancing.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>traveler007007
<Content>Best vacation ever club med was wonderful. we booked an all-inclusive vacation for $500 for one and a half weeks. My husband and I traveled with our daughter age 7, son age 9, and other daughter age 11  booked 2 rooms one for us and one for the kids. The rooms were decently sized and well furnished. Our rooms had the main room with a king-size bed and another room seperated by a sliding door in which there were 2 other beds/ sofas. The all-inclusive vacation provided wristbands which allowed us to take any classes, eat at any of the 3 restaurants, and drinks from bars (for adults). We left the children in the mini-club where my youngest daughter was put into one group and my other children into another (by age). The mini-club provided special wristbands which meant that children with those wristbands were not allowed to wander away from the group; the entire resort is enclosed anyways. They had special pools for the children and they took them to different activities. Activies for children and adults included windsurfing classes, kayaking, snorkeling, scuba diving, trapeze, balancing on a rope with special equipment. They also had an auditorium with shows every night. Later on I allowed my oldest daughter to not be in the mini club, this way she could be with the club or be free to walk around the resort and do any activity that she chose. I really enjoyed the freedom and variety of activities. The rooms were very clean. The beaches were beautiful, white sand ,blue water, and very beautiful undersea life, which can be seen snorkeling or scuba diving. After the show organizers/actors saw my oldest daughter on the trapeze she was added to one of the shows.The food was excellent.They also had a shop and other entertainment such as hair braiding. The only small problem was most people were french or spanish, however we found no trouble communicating with mini club counslers, class teachers, or shop/restaurant managers.WE all are eager to come back. The best vacation..you will not regeret it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Natacha1
<Content>Plus and Minus of CM Punta Cana As I always read reviews prior booking my vacations, I wanted to post a review again this year.Last year, my husband and twins boys of 20 months then, went to the Melia Caribe in their new concierge section in Punta Cana and we really like our experience. However, I would not have recommended the Melia Caribe if you were in their regular sections.I also want to point out that I have traveled in Europe, North America and Caribbean and therefore I have a lot of point of comparison. Here is my review for CLUB MED Punta Cana. The main reason we selected this resort was because of the petit club, which takes care of 2 and 3 years old. We needed to rest and did not have a babysitter so we took that resort. For a week it cost us $6,800 CAN from Montreal. So it was not cheap.Here are the plus1. Contrary to other reviews, I felt that the care at the petit club was great. However, I cannot talk for Mini Club, i.e. 4 and up. Although the kids at the mini club were having a blast. The manager and assist manager are certified educator from Belgium and France and the other staff members are either from Canada, England or Haiti and frankly they really try their best to entertain the kids. They don't just watch them as opposed to what went on that the petit club at the Melia resort. However that is for the day schedule only as the night shift from 7:30pm to 9pm they put them in front of a TV or bring them to the kids' show if one is on that night. We had an issue one night were our kids were left with one G.O., the lights were off and they did not do anything. We did not like how management dealt with the problem, ie. confronting our version and the GO version. Anyway, the day staff was great.2. The facilities for the petit club are great as they have an area to nap, it is super clean, they have a very strict schedule they report on what the kids did, ate. There are also a lot of areas that are not directly exposed to the sun to protect the kid skin.3. If you want to practice an activity whether sailing or archery the G.O are all well trained and professional.4. The way the club is set up is nice as you always have a view of the beach from the beach.5. The pool is big and there is a big section for kids so parents are not restricted to a small baby pool.6. Regular wine offered during meal is ok, i.e. you don't really have to purchase a la carte as opposed to the other resorts were the house wine is not drinkable.7. Overall facilities are very clean.8. We were located in the Punta Cana building behind the Petit Club and close to everything on the resort.9. There is a doctor and a nurse on site.10. The resort is 5 minutes from the airport.Here are the minus.1. the facilities need to be updated as it is very old and does not stand up to the price they are asking.2. There are only buffets. Although the buffets are better than those at other resorts, most respectable resorts now offer at least one or two a la carte restaurants. My kids are used to go to restaurants and the buffet did not work. They did not understand why everybody kept leaving their seat, we always eat cold and it was not relaxing at all to eat. We rested during the day while the boys were at the daycare but were exhausted after dinner. If your kids can serve themselves it might be better. Other than that I would not recommend it.3. GO are always interacting with you. While most of them are nice, after a few days, talking to 25 year old GO is not our thing.4. There is not bar service around the pool or at the beach or alcohol in the room. As a result, you always have to get your own drink and it makes it more difficult to enjoy your vacations with the kids.5. While the beach is good for kids as there are no waves at all, it is not exceptional. I was told Club Med always has the best spot I was disappointed. The Melia Beach on the Bavaro beach was much nicer.6. The atmosphere is very kids camp in the sense that there is always one or two activities organized going on whether at the beach, at the bar (only one bar) or in the pool. Consequently it is harder to relax. However, if you are the type who always seeks to participate in game, it is your place.7. If your kids are not used to go to daycare, they will have a hard time at the petit club. I saw many kids crying because they were not used to daycare. There is a limit to what care provider can do.8. The resort is huge so it is easy to be far away from the main activities.9. Once night comes, there is not much do to for the kids. There is only the main bar or reception where lights are on. Around the pool, it is slippery so it makes it hard for parents to have a drink as the kids don't have a place to play.10. While the place is oriented towards families, there is only a shower without a bathtub in the room, which makes it harder with young ones. Also, once the children are in bed, you can either go in your bed or go outside to the smallest balcony every to relax. If you want a drink you have to go to the bar and brink it back to your room.In conclusion, I was not impress with the Club Med experience. Maybe the GO thing was not for me nor the buffet. My father is from France and I traveled to Europe many times as well as in North America and I was very disappointed. It is overpriced. Maybe the renovated Club Meds are nicer. But I would hesitate to try one until the boys are older (7 or 8). In the meantime, we will go back to the Melia chain such as Paradisius who now offers Concierge room for families and we might try a Beaches resort.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>concernedmumtoronto
<Content>Do not bring children to CM punta cana! Club Med Punta Cana's mini club should be put out of business. Their child care services were appalling and I am not allowed to report what I saw there otherwise this site will not allow the posting because it may be considered heresay or a report of violent criminal activity. Do not bring your children to Club Med Punta Cana! They are completely disorganized and several upsetting events occurred while our daughter was under the care of the mini club. Management's response to our concerns was also appalling! Their 'european style of management' led them to inform us that their system was superior and that there were no problems, when we were reporting a major problem! The head of the mini club was cocky and belligerent and refused to discuss our concerns, referring to us as 'typical americans', when we are Canadian and even if we were Americans we would have expected a better response from someone in a management position! Club Med may market to Canadians and Americans, but the management (not the Haitian staff) at club med does not like or respect North American guests. We were completely disgusted with our experience. If this site was fair, it would show some negative reviews of Club Med, because we were not the only guests at the site at the time who left with a bitter taste in our mouths!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>1	2	4	5	3	5	-1	2	

<Author>SFextraSour
<Content>We'll be back . . . ! This review is almost relentlessly positive, because my husband, 20-month old toddler and I had the vacation of our dreams at CM Punta Cana last October. If youe considering other resorts, have a scan of this write-up ?Il try to mention features/issues other reviewers have missed.We got what we believe was an awesome deal, reserving directly through CM about 48 hours before travel. (DH suddenly had a week free between contracts and we NEEDED to get away.) We had priced other destinations, including this CM, a month earlier ?we ended up getting an additional discount on top of the 7-for-3 day promotion already running. Because this CM has huge capacity  it was shoulder season, we definitely do a last-minute booking again . . . we knew the weather forecast was excellent for the week. Probably the biggest negative was actually getting there from Washington DC: we wanted airmiles so opted for US Air, including a long transfer in Charlotte. We were jealous of the guests who arrived directly from NY, Montreal, Paris . . .We actually wanted to stay a few more days and were offered a great daily rate to stay on, but unfortunately USAir was going to ding us $300/seat to change flights -- so we sadly left after a week of bliss.Arrival in the DR was easy and even entertaining (live music, big to-do to get your tourist visa). Quick grab of the bags and off with the friendly CM driver for 10-minute drive to the Club. (Less amusing trying to depart: long lines for security, etc.)A very warm welcome at Main Reception. Check the photos on the CM site ?it a beautiful first impression and the actual welcome to a place is SO important ?cold fruity aperitif offered while you check in, and importantly for us, the Baby Welcome GO met us right off the van. (Won mention everyone names because I have to namecheck EVERYONE . . . more on superb staff later.) This GO had apple juice and a snack ready to go for our Toddler  basically was just there to be sure she was comfortable in the new, hot climate. Youe then whisked off in a golf cart to your home for the week.We opted for a standard room, garden-facing (ell be looking at the beach all day,?said reasonable DH). It was good to be away from the action (in quiet Playa Blanca) and we liked having a stroll back to our place after a morning fun, lunch ?then back to the ranch for a quiet siesta. The resort faces full east, so we were glad to have no eastern-facing windows in the morrning. Anything for a bit more sleep!! Hung out on the patio with late-night drinks ( all our drying clothes) : ) The mosquito abatement program is very good; none of us were bitten once during the week. Got back to DC and propmtly got 3 bites though.The accommodations reminded me of a very good 2-star hotel in France: everything you need, nothing you don (TV). This is really a vacation to enjoy each other company with the best in food and activities, in a stunning tropical setting.The activites are top notch and much better than we expected. I sail and was excited to get into the dinghies, thinking they be crapola Toppers or something slow. Nope: a fleet of Lasers (an Olympic class boat) in great condition. I didn bring my sailing gloves and had amburger hands?as a result ?who cares, the breeze was screamin?and the Sailing GO dudes were hella cool. A real highlight for me (DH was on the sailboards  they have different boards/rigs for beginners vs. boardheads).I brought down my own inline skates, even though they have a rollerblade program on-site, but only open certain hours. The pathways are smooth and fast and I really had a good shred around the whole resort. There is nothing like a hard skate then gliding up to the pool bar for a cold one (or a cool coffee cocktail ?Bar GOs are great mixologists, m, I like something with espresso but not creamy or frozen? Highly fun to kick back with skates still on and chat with random GOs! So: bring your own equipment if youe crazy into a sport (e.g., gloves, met some people who brought their own rackets  balls for tennis). We also had fun with Archery GO giving us tips, and found out that we were awesome at petanque (boules) . . . not an oldster game, the Petanque GO guys were hypertrendy and had lots of time for us boules virgins! (Also found we were better players after a drink or 3!) Lots of fellow guests totally loved the Circus School  I had a lot of fun chatting with a Circus GO who was also from the Bay Area.A word about the Kids?Clubs. How depressed were we that Toddler DD was just a bit too young for the 2 year-old MiniClub. However, the Childcare GOs were unimaginably professional and friendly: we could use the Club playground area whenever we wanted; mentioned to one of them that we forgotten bedtime books, and at the next meal they hand-delivered a dozen books right to our table; if there was a special activity, they search us out to say ey, wee doing art outside at 4pm, bring her along!?We used sitters in the evenings but DD really wanted to be with the group of older toddlers  their fun GOs as they had their turtle expedtions  other trips around the compound ?next time!About language: it an international clientele (we met French, American, Dutch, Spanish, and Canadian guests), and everything in French, English,  Spanish. I a French speaker (though DH doesn speak a word) and we felt equally comfortable; for us, the rench Touch?made it a more enjoyable experience, for sure.The best example of this is undoubtedly the superb dining. DH said he was expecting Vegas-style buffets . . . ha ha ha ha ha! We walked into the 1 restaurant open during our week (there were less than 100 guests that first week of Oct.), and went nuts. Every lunch and dinner there beef (London broil or steaks) cooked to order, as well as a couple of types of grilled local fish (wahoo was my favorite). 10 types of bread; salad bar and separate fresh fruit station with several tropical fruits being chopped right there; 10 types of cheese for your cheese course; an area with Dominican specialties (yum-o), and much more, depending on that day theme . . .Every meal had hot dogs, burgers, french fries, cheese quesadillas etc. for people with no palate. It was embarrassing to hear fellow Americans loudly complaining here was nothing to eat.?DH had to stop me from going up and asking if they were on drugs. (!!!) Every meal had some drama to it: from a station where chefs were chopping fresh hearts of palm for custom salads, to the Wall of Petits Fours (Pastry Chef GO was a lot of fun) with a fountain coming down the middle, to the breakfast juice squeezer guy, to a custom Cevice Bar, to pan-griddled foie gras with fresh mango . . . the Exec Chef was an American I proud to say, but the food was world class and certainly up to the standards of the French guests. I guess if youe never had North African food and don have a clue about couscous and tagine, you be reticent ?but every dinner for us was an outta-the-park home run for us. How can you not like roast ham cut off the bone with a honey pineapple sauce? Head down the line for some pommes vapeur, garnish with spears of fresh pineapple from the fruit station, over to the condiments for as much fresh chopped parsley as you like . . . this was just my appetizer . . . !We loved the self service, and Waitstaff knew we had a Toddler and just wanted a romantic table for 2 by the window every dinnertime at the Hispaniola. So we tried to outdo each other with 5-courses every night (oooh where that?!? and drank *lots* of lovely wine (the house white and rose are actually French; the red is from the European Wine Lake). The local beer, Presidente, wasn my type of tipple ?let just say it not Reinheitgebot with the added sugar, etc.!Bring some resortwear to get dressed up in the evenings. How awesome was it to do a full day worth of sports (or nothing), have a nap, shower  get dressed for dinner? Every night has a theme, so if you have a white outfit, something red or black, something in denim, it cool to follow the dress code theme. We had no clue about this but I had fun anyway accessorizing my Diesel miniskirt or black Banana Republic dress (default dinnerwear).Bring lots of magazines to leave on the reading-rack in Reception. We English speakers had the fewest magazines and books left to share (though I loved leafing though the French fashion mags on the beach). Even if it just your in-flight mag, bring something to share!Finally, the staff were both highly cool and effortlessly chic. Unlike other places I've stayed (e.g., Ritz Carlton) where they coach their staff to say things like it's my pleasure, you'll have real conversations and nothing's too much of a problem for them. We also liked not being able to tell who was management; it wasn't like suits were supervising the staff like vultures. Our whole week was a comfortable, polished experience and returning home to do dishes, etc was really difficult! Reality bites!!Our roundup:White sand flecked with pink; leaning palm trees; as much privacy or action as wanted on the beachFood and drink always on tap ?great varietyVery comfortable rooms ?everything a suite (great with kids)The most considerate staff imaginableWorld class activities, mellow spa treatmentsOverall a polished experience/will definitely return!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bobAboston
<Content>Excellent again! Boston MA -- Just back from seven days at CM Punta Cana, April 15 ?22. This was my 10th CM vacation covering 6 locations, second at Punta Cana. I have seen the CM experience evolve from my first trips in 1979 as a single, then with my wife in the 1980s and now with kids in 90's and 00's. While it has changed, CM has always been a terrific experience and value for the money. We have vacationed at non-CM resorts with mixed results.We highly recommend a trip to Punta Cana. This is a terrific property, well spaced, immaculate grounds, clean and very relaxing. The weather is terrific (rain one night each week) and the beaches are excellent. Other resorts share beaches and have people walking by all the time. CM is alone on this site with a private beach, perhaps 600 yards long. The pool is huge and clean although if your goal is to stay in a pool-side chair all week, it may be difficult to get a chair. Head for the beach.Our group of four includes teenage daughters 14 and 17. We were there on school vacation weeks so they are full or nearly so. We never felt crowded or rushed. There is plenty of both staff and GOs no matter where you go. Our rooms were further away (maybe 400 yards?) from the central area but that worked well. A little walking was welcome on vacation and we were closer to the better of two restaurants (same food, much better layout and views) . It was quieter at night.French language ?If you speak English only, you will be a minority ?and so will your kids. My estimate is 70 to 75% French speaking guests while we were there. Remember that CM is a French-based company and they attract large crowds from Paris and Montreal. We had several meals where there was no common language which can be a little awkward. While this wears on you by the end of the week, we did not let it affect our vacation.Kids connection ?our teenagers are outgoing and friendly. While there were a lot of teens at this club, the language barrier made joining the group(s) a problem. Our kids spent a lot of time with each other and with us, which suited us quite well. On our last trip here, we traveled with other families with teens and it worked out better. Food and restaurants ?The large open air restaurant is simply a spectacular location to linger and enjoy, especially at lunch. Yes, CM is all buffet style. If you want waitress service or gourmet dinners, go someplace else. The buffet works for us because we get consistently fresh, hot/cold, high quality and varied choices for all of our family, including one vegetarian. There were at least 3 kinds of fresh fish at each meal, grilled alone or cooked with sauces or combinations (pasta, etc). In addition, we ate lots of chicken and beef, both terrific. Plenty of fresh cut fruit. At CM, we can try meals that we wouldn't in a restaurant if we were ordering off a menu at exorbitant prices. We enjoy that we are seated as soon as we arrive, never wait in food lines, the tables were always clean, they accommodated our desire to either sit with others or get a table by ourselves, wait staff were always pleasant and helpful and cleared plates quickly, usually as we sat there or headed up for next course. Inevitable spills on the floor are cleared almost before they land. If you want to dress up, you can but are never pressured to do so. The wine at meals is nothing to write home about but it works. The other guests were unfailingly polite and interesting to eat and share experiences with.Beaches ?I have been to about 10 CM and non-CM Caribbean resorts and the beaches here are as good as any. Plenty of spaced out palm trees for shade. Lots of sand. There is not much surf due to the reef maybe 300 yards offshore but the water is clean and beautiful for swimming. The resort is actually on a little bit of a point. This is important because when there is a little wind, one beach is really calm and the other breezy. If you want privacy, a short walk down the beach and you can be all alone. We tended to stay at the more open of the two beaches where we found plenty of lounge chairs empty and available. Other reviews have mentioned seaweed. In our 14 days there over 2 years, it was never an issue. The surf brings a little in and the staff clears it each day. It is the ocean and that is what nature does. There is none in the swimming areas that would be a problem.Water sports ?snorkeling directly off the shore is fun, safe and easy for kids and adults. Although not a lot to see, you won't be disappointed. There is also an on-site snorkeling boat once per day that charges $30 per person. Never a problem getting equipment although, as some have noted, the hours that they are open can be a little short. We did not sail this year but there seem to be enough kayaks, sailboats and windsurfers. On some days you may need to wait a little for a sail boat (10 minutes?) but it did not seem to be a problem. The winds change from day to day. Some days the better sailors can get a real challenge. Other days, it was calm and anyone can try it. The GOs always ready to instruct and help.Scuba ?after being away from diving for almost 20 years, I dove twice last year and four times this year. Cost about US$66 per dive, and extra $50 if you need to review course and pool checkout/test. Locations are 5 minutes by boat off shore. The staff was terrific and patient. Dive groups averaged six plus dive master. The equipment worked without exception and there was plenty of it. On site doctor was needed only if something in medical release flagged an issue (my wife's asthma) but was not a hassle and just $17 for the physical. Some reviews have knocked the staff and the dive sites. My wife and everyone that I dove with agree that the staff went out of their way to help, teach and were genuinely interested. As for the sites, not the greatest but we saw plenty of coral and fish, particularly at the Aquarium. If you are going mainly for diving, go to some better known islands. If you are there with your family and want to enjoy a few hours while your kids are with new friends, this was the place to be. There were perhaps five teenagers learning to dive or getting more experience while I was there. The staff was terrific with them and watched them very closely at all times, sometimes holding their hands in the water to assist them. I cannot imagine a better staff to work and learn with them, especially Stephane and Miguel, the head of scuba. Tennis ?My wife and I both play a lot of tennis. We found that if tennis is your main focus for vacation, try Sandpiper in Florida. The courts here are fine and available (enough written elsewhere) and the rubber surface is pretty easy on the knees. The GOs don't go out of their way to set up matches nor do they have a board to make matches on your own. While it is a CM ATP facility, this is really not a tennis club. It is very hot by 9:30AM and stays that way all day. (The courts are away from the beach and surrounded by vegetation. As a result, they get little breeze and stay warm.) We found very few turn out for the afternoon tournaments. Overall, it works fine. If you want a match, you can show up in the mornings and usually find someone in the classes to hit with. Shows and Circus ?There was a show every night but, as others have noted, many were painful to watch. The exception was the trapeze/circus which was nothing short of extraordinary. In fact, the trapeze GOs, led by Kevin, deserve special recognition for the attention that they paid to all the guests, their pleasantness and professionalism. If the shows were not good, I went to the bar or walked the beach. Not a bad alternative.Chief of Village ?seemed to be a genuinely nice guy. He walked the beach and grounds during the day saying hello and making sure everything was going well. When he heard that we had been to CM before, he had a small gift sent to our room, a nice touch. His English was not great but he seemed to try hard to make the experience a good one.Rooms ?safe, clean, large enough, good showers, and generally comfortable beds. Two safes in each room that worked perfectly.Bottled water and bad stomach ?Plenty of bottled water in your room and more if you leave a note for the maid. There is drinking water in at least 10 locations around the grounds so this was just not an issue. I don't know of anyone that was really sick from the water or food. A few had mildly bad stomachs which is not unusual when you change your diet on vacation. Compared to a long ago trip to Mexico, it was not a big deal. We did not avoid any foods.Internet and phones ?I needed my computer for work as apparently did many others. Stored it at the front desk or locked it (with my cable) in my room with no issue at all. Wireless service worked flawlessly each time. $10 per hour or $30 for 4 hours. I saw many speaking with cell phones. I assumed they arranged international (satellite?) service before they left home.Overall, you just cannot go wrong with a vacation at this location and with CM. We highly recommend Punta Cana and the CM experience. We hope to go to Columbus Island or Turks next year.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>sandy15
<Content>Club Med- Great If You Know the Tricks This was our second time at this club med and rather than repeat the pros and cons from my previous review, I will highlight some of tips that really made this trip great. My husband and I took our 5 year old son on his first Caribbean vacation mid April. Be sure to request a deluxe room for the extra $100 as it will guarrantee you one of 4 buildings (Colon, Cortes, Ovando and another) at the centre of the village. Other rooms can be a 20 minute walk in the heat. Every time I dashed back to my room for a forgotten item, I was grateful to have paid the extra. We stayed in Cortes and it was quiet, close enough to the pool and restaurant and had a great view of the trapeze from the balcony. Others paid a lot more for oceanview but those buildings are at the far end and they regretted it.On arrival at Punta Cana airport, a club med rep will greet you and take your bags out to the bus so do not let the aggressive baggage boys grab your bags to carry. Our room was ready even though we arrived at 11 am which was a nice start to our vacation.Bring water shoes for your kids as the bottom of the pool can be abrasive if they are running around alot and there are some sharp shells in the ocean. The water temperature of both the ocean and the pool was wonderfully warm. Some days the beach is pristine but on windy days, seaweed blows in. Check out the beach in the morning and then decide whether it will be a beach day or a pool day. Lots of beach chairs anytime and enough shade most of the day. If you are spending the day at the pool, pool huts are gone by 7 am but chairs in the sun are available until about 9.Kids club was great and my son went every morning. The best activities are in the morning so he would stay for at least the morning and loved having lunch with the kids then we would check on him to see if he wanted to come with us for the afternoon. Some days he said no and stayed until 5:30 at the club. The GOs running the kids club were very friendly and did their best to give the kids a fun time. If your child is hesitant about going, spend some time in the shallow end of the pool and encourage friendships with kids the same age that way they can all meet at the club the next day. By the end of the week, my son had 3 or 4 boys that he was hanging around with and that made things more fun for him.For lunch with a spectacular view try Hispaniola restaurant overlooking the ocean. For dinner, Samana restaurant has more variety and be sure to find the table where the executive chef is preparing his signature dish for the evening eg. grilled scallops. The chef was excellent and you can usually find him by the lineup. For drinks, make sure you ask for the premium brand ie. Bacardi and Coke , rather then rum and coke. The chocolate waterfall fondue was our favourite dessert.Ocean kayaking, rollerblading, archery and trampoline were our favourite sports. The sand was perfect for sandcastle building so pack your shovels. Make sure to bring tons of sunblock as we went through 6 and the boutique prices are outrageous. Also brought an inflatable raft ($5 at walmart) as the boutique sells them for a lot more.My only complaint was that the weekly miniclub show where the kids perform, started at 9 pm which was too late for 5 year olds who have been busy in the sun all day. My son really wanted to be in the show but his act was not on at even 10:00 since some idiot had the 14 year olds performing while the little kids were half asleep backstage waiting for their turn. The show should be in the late afternoon or early evening. At 10 pm we finally marched backstage and carried our sleepy son back to the room and by that time he could care less about performing.Many people complain about the rude french people but this was the second time that we have gone in mid April and happily this is Conneticut spring break. I have to say that the folks from Conneticut are friendly, great to vacation with and more than make up for the surly french.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>pmlv72
<Content>Nice property with some draw backs Overall not so bad....some glitches..... First off....what a beautiful sand bottom beach! Turquoise clear water and very well maintained grounds. Palm trees galore!!! A very large village. We stayed in a garden view room which had a patio. Nice. Very LONG walk from the main pool/restaurant area to the room so if you have any disabilities request a closer room to the front lobby area. Beds were foam....surprisingly comfortable. Room was air conditioned but would only cool the room to approx. 74 degrees. The front desk was called and they stated that is the normal because groups from Europe complain it is too cold and groups from the US say its too hot. So they leave them running around 74. Well it was hot and very humid. The room was roomy but older. Also there are only stairs to get to the second and third floors of the various buildings so if you cant do stairs, request a ground level room. There were two restaurants which are both buffets. I don't have alot nice to say about the food. By the end of the week 3 out of the 4 of us had diarrhea. There was fresh fruit everyday, cereal, yogurt, breads (the white chocolate bread was to die for) but the rest of the meals were not so good. Lamb, duck, raw fish, salmon, pork dishes etc. Not very good. They had pasta everyday but the sauce looked like tomato soup. If you are looking for basic plain dishes....good luck because everything is too fancy and overdone. Many of the dishes were unrecognizable. The bar on the other hand used many top shelf liquors and were generous with the alcohol. Limited beer selection Bud, Bud light and Presidente (a local favorite). Bathrooms were very clean and staff was very helpful. Entertainment was good. Pool was too warm for my liking but the ocean was wonderful. Palapas for shade only available around the pool and none on the beach so if ya want shade I bought one of those portable beach umbrellas which worked great. They let me carry it back on the airplane too. Otherwise you find yourself chasing the shade from the palms as the sun moves. Bring alot sunscreen because it will cost you a pretty penny in the boutique. As far as shopping goes....skip the Bavaro shopping trip. The locals hound you to shine your flip flops and the products they have are manufactured in China. Not worth the trip.No local goodies. We took a taxi into the town of Higuey where the goods are cheaper but its a 55 dollar cab ride and an experience you will never forget. The poverty is brutally evident in the local cities and you need to sharpen up your Spanish if you plan to venture into the cities. They do not speak English hardly at all. The island is absolutely beautiful. The beach at club med made it worth the trip. Snorkeling off the beach was great...starfish, puffer fish, shells galore, and manta rays! Getting through the airport at Punta Cana was no big deal...very modern facility and clean and organized and only 5 minutes to club med. Overall a good vacation minus a few problems. I would return to the Dominican but probably try a different resort because of the food. Good luck!!!  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>rbwriter
<Content>Wonderful family vacation We just came back from a 7 night stay at the Club Med Punta Cana. It was wonderful. Our room was in the Playa Blanca building near the far end of the resort. Peaceful beautiful. The people were totally friendly... place clean, beautiful beaches.Great pool, staff was excellent... our 16 year old son, who is not a 'joiner' did in fact 'join' the RAMP and had a wonderful time meeting so many friends. He also took the excursion with the RAMP and had a blast.things to note:night entertainment, not flashy or particulary professional, go for a beautiful night time walk on their beach or hang at the bar or disco instead, although the Dominican Band in the bar is excellent.The food, although plentiful... by the end of the week, i would have liked a waiter.. the dining halls are very nice, clean. Especially Hispaniola, for outdoor type dining on the beach.would go back for sure.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>smlev02
<Content>Delightful, Easy vacation for families Do not hestitate to go to the DR. If you have kids Club Med Punta Cana is the perfect place. Definately not for honeymooners. The best part is the travel. From NYC, it was an easy 3 hours 45 minutes. Going through customs was very quick and efficient, unlike other Caribbean islands we have visited, and the resort is literally 3 minutes from the airport. We left our home and were on the beach in no time! No troubles with the water the whole time and no one got sick.The grounds are georgous, beach is breathtaking and accodomations lovely. When you arrive, you are supposed to be greeted by the G.O's (Gracious Organizers) and then escorted to check-in with refreshments and then escorted to your room. Did not happen this way for us, we had to fen for ourselves and it was a lengthy confusing process. They are somewhat disorganized. Marion does not know what she is doing so if you have a problem at reception wait for Jimmy to help.Power went out on the first day, not htt big a deal as we stayed outside for most of the day and they had it back on. Stayed in Cortez and would recommend as we had lovely water views and peace  quiet. Some like Punta Cana as it is near the kids club but you can not see the ocean very well. The rooms are very spacious  nice. Typical tropical decor. For a family of four it is perfect. There is a slepping area with two daybeds and TV for the kids and a separate bedroom and with patio. Bahtroom had the toilet in one closet and the sink and shower in another.The pool area is huge and beautiful, however, there is no waterslide for the kids or swim up bar and no separate pools for children. Gets crowded.The beach is pristine and plenty of space and chairs. No lifguards though so watch your kids.Also, there are topless sunbathers. ALl over, with children and all. Not a big deal with my little ones but quite an attraction for teenage boys (and husbands).The food is way over average especially for an all inclusive. Like I said it is a French run companay and they love good, fresh food. The breads were freshly baked and phenomenal, especially the chocolate bread! The fresh cheeses and wine was lovely. The food is overly abundant and not necessary but they do vary the theme and choices. The chef, Jamey is creative and always on hand to make sure everyone is happy. My one complaint is that the beach snack bar only serves breakfast until 12:30 and then is closed until 3:00pm so you are forced to go to a restaurant for lunch. Who wants to pack up the kids and leave the beach in the middle of the day to eat inside? Also, there are no specialty or adult only resaturants only the two buffet style ones. Hispaniola is the open air one and much nicer.The kids club: My boys are 4 and 6 and did not love it. They try very hard, there area lot of activities throughout the day. They all speak french and broken english so it was a little difficult for my kids to undersand them. The G.O's are not all nice either. The activities are very scheduled and demanding and do not allow much downtime fr the kids. My children love kids clubs wherever we go but did not want to go to htis one after 2 days. They were tired and would have liked to hang out inside and play video games or watch movies at the end of the day. We were told they would not do that because kids do that at home, but after being in the blazing sun all day playing sports they need that! There should be a club that has some indoor activities during the day and that you could leave your kids at night so you can go to dinner. The only thing for little ones at night are the horrid shows. They are terrible. Mostly in French and slapsticky. The G.O.'s put on differnet costumes every night but basically it ends uo being the same show: They hot and spit on eachother and laugh. The shows on Wednesday night that the children perform in is wonderful, but starts at 9:15- 10:00 and my kids were too tired to participate. The teens loved the club and had a lot more choices of activities.The nightlife for adults is great with a couple of bars and a disco. Also shows are better. If you have younger ones you need to get a babysitter, warning: they do not speak any English.Tips: Bring a ton of sunscreen. the one shop is extremely expensive. ALso bring water toys such as rafts or tubes and life perservers or swimmies as they do not provide anything.All in all we had a wonderful time and will definately return when are kids are a little older.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>CTMommy23
<Content>Love, Love , Love, Love It! We just returned from our family vacation in the D.R. and all I can say is it was paradise! We all had a great time and completely and totally relaxed the whole time we were there. There are a few things that I think should be tweeked to make the trip perfect. So here goes... The rooms are, as everyone has said, small and less than what we are used to. We had 5 of us in a room that was a deluxe garden suite, and while it faced the garden, I don't think it was deluxe. Our children are 10, 8 and 2 and they put a pack and play in our room for our little one. She hasn't slept in a crib in almost 6 months, aside from a crib. Therefore, she had to sleep in a twin bed with one of the other kids and this made for cramped sleeping. Definately suggest a bigger room if there are more than 4 people in a room. The rooms have a slot to put the room key in to keep the lights and the A.C. on. Take a business card and put it in the slot- this will keep your A.C. on and access to the lights. Both shut off on a timer when not in use. The room will then get quite warm and uncomfortable in the tropical weather. Ask the front desk or the cleaning ladies themselves to leave extra towels and water bottles each day- they will comply. The pool is just beautiful and the water is usually very comfortable if not warm as the day goes on. You will receive towel cards when you check in- pick up fresh towels the night before and go early to pick a few chairs to lay your towels on. If you choose a palapa (straw unbrella) they are a hot ticket and should be guarded with your life. If you leave it for too long, someone will steal it from you- this happened to us twicw. But we like the sun and choose the same 3 or 4 chairs every day and went to get them every day at about 7 am. We also did the same with beach chairs right along the water- by the crooked palm tree- and every few hours we went back and forth between the pool and the beach. One absolutely true fact- bring extra sunscreen. And if you think you brought enough bring an extra bottle- its expensive in the boutique. Water shoes work for the kids in the pool, we also used cheap flip-flops for ourselves because the bottom of the pool is rough and hurts the feet! I also brought an empty water bottle and filled it up with water from around the resort to spray on me and my face because it gets so hot it helped to cool me down. I also did this for my little one- she didn't get over-heated. Drink lots of water on sunny days- its easy to get dehydrated. The bugs weren't even noticeable but I did being bug spray although I never used it. I brought baby powder to get the dried sand off- do it, the sand will haunt you in the rooms because there is no carpeting. The floor is tiled so the floor gets gritty and its slippery when wet. Don't hang the wet clothes on the railings- they stay damp due to the humidity. Bring a small bottle of woolite to wash out the chlorine- I ended up using the shampoo they leave in the room. It gets rid of the smell. Hang the clothes on the doorknobs during the night to dry. Bring an extra bathing suit so there is time to dry in between use.I also brought spray on, leave in conditioner for while I was at the pool or the beach. It helped to keep my hair from being a dry mess at night. The food was pretty good. It didn't make me do cart wheels but it was good. Lots to choose from but I got sick of it after a while. Thats totally me it had nothing to do with the food itself. The G.O.'s will do whatever they need to to make you happy- we needed chocolate milk for my youngest and they made a whole pitcher for us to take back to the room. It was great. Each night had a different theme, not mandatory to comply to but it made each night more fun. The kids clubs were a fun time for the kids but my oldesat daughter didn't participate more than a few days due to the language barrier she had with the other kids. They were nice but obviously it was difficult to communicate with them so she chose not to go after the third day. It was a great facility to have and the kids involved seemed to have a great time but she tends to be a little shy and found it over whelming. I was really impressed with all the work the G.O's do, though and they do work hard. Everyone is always willimg to say hello in some way or another and its alittle disconcerting to return to reality and not have everyone say hello evreytime I see someone on the streets. All in all, the trip was worth every second of the peace and serenity that the little things seem so unimportant.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PuntaCanalover
<Content>The absolute best place on earth!!! This trip was honestly the best of my life. I am 13 years old and came with my family of mom, dad, sister (10), and brother (6). I met tons of friends, the food was amazing-try white chocolate bread and passion fruit- the rooms were clean and adorable, and the property was simply gorgeous. A thrill for me was the flying trapeze, with GO's Kevin from Jamaica, and Bazz from Indonesia. I met tons of friends from Geneva, Switzerland and America. It was the time of my life, and I cannot wait to return!! Also, the ramp is a little run down underneath, but that is ok. Loved it!!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jae529
<Content>Great for Families We just stayed at the Club Med in Punta Cana on the last week of March for Spring Break. Since Tripadvisor reviews have always helped me in the past, I thought I would give back to the community. First I would like to say that our party consisted of two adults and one 11-year old child. My husband and I both prefer to be at a place with a bit more luxury and enjoy being pampered but we picked the Club Med in Punta Cana because of what I had read about the Kids Program. I must say - without a doubt - that the Kids Program is one of the best that my daughter has experienced. It allowed my husband and I to get much needed relaxation while our daughter was being entertained. This is not a babysitting service. The kids were able to participate in evening shows and many different activities throughout the day. By the 3rd evening, our daughter didn't even want to have dinner with us since the kids enjoy eating with GOs at their own dinner table. She made so many friends that by the time it was time to leave it was so sad to see all the kids say goodbye to each other. However, one will quickly learn that there are many repeat families that visit each year during the same time and get to reunite. The staff (GOs, workers, gardeners, etc) are extremely courteous, friendly and welcoming. There was not one time that I walked by someone without being greeted with either Bon Jour or Hola. The grounds were very clean and tropical. Many Palm Trees and beautiful flowers throughout the village. There are a few things that I wish Club Med would improve on since we had to promise our daughter that we would return. My biggest complaint was the room. Although it was comfortable and clean, there was always a moldy smell. I knew this before going to Club Med (thanks to Tripadvisor) so I took a scented candle and air fresheners. It didn't work! The rooms just do not get enough ventilation. There are no screens in the doors or windows so you can not leave them open for fresh air because of the creepy crawly's that will come in. There are also not enough outlets, the air conditioning does not cool very well and we had a problem with the toilet. But all these things were tolerable. We were actually lucky because our week had a couple of days of constant rain and some people had rain leaking from the ceiling or water coming in through the door. Club Med is one of the first resorts in Punta Cana and it looks it. There are some areas that could use a bit of a makeover. There are also no ATMs on the property and rarely will you be able to get change if you want to give tips. Please dont forget to tip the staff. We noticed that many people didn't tip because Club Med is all inclusive but tips are appreciated. One thing that annoyed us a little bit is that the GOs spoke french constantly during events (activities, shows) even though the resort occupancy had more Americans the week we were there. The english translation always seemed to be an afterthought. Oh and if you thought that you would be able to visit other nearby resorts to eat dinner or gamble in their casinos...you can forget that idea. Each resort seems like a compound with heavy security and it is not encouraged to go outside of the resort unless you are part of an excursion. All the resorts in Punta Cana are all inclusive and will not let you enter unless you are wearing one of their wristbands. With that said, we felt very safe inside the resort even when we walked alone late at night to our room which was very far from the Main area. All in all though, our vacation was wonderful. The beach was beautiful and you never had to wake up early to find a lounge chair. I must say the simplicity of the village is also what adds to its charm. I would return to this Club Med simply because of its great kids program. I would recommend this resort to families with children of all ages, single parents with kids and grandparents that would like to take a trip with their grandkids by themselves.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	2	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>WorldTraveler9
<Content>Not fun the way Club Med used to be Club Med Punta Cana is a large, spread-out village. Even when the Club was full it never felt crowded. The garden-view room was very nice. It was actually a suite with a day room containing two single beds/couches, tv, coffeemaker, and also a balcony with chairs and a coffee table. Club Med was a bit cheap with soap and shampoo - only two pieces of each were provided during two weeks. Another cost-saving move was to switch off all the outdoor lighting at night. The village caters to children from babies up. There is a mini-club and separate pool and a teen club, but the kiddies were in evidence at the large main pool which has a kid's end. When the French holidays began, zillions of families with small kids arrived. Apart from early evening in the bar, the kids were not terribly intrusive. The GO staff is mainly French or French/Canadian with a goodly number of Haitians. Workers are Spanish-speaking DR folk.There are two buffet-style restaurants which more often than not served the same menu. The standard of food was very good, but not as good as Guadeloupe Club Med. Seating in the restaurants is not open, but by hostess (sometimes avoided), and the tables are almost all only six-seaters, many two-seaters. The traditional habit of meeting new friends at meals is therefore curtailed. The smoking section, also favourite of the GOs, was the friendliest, and with fewest kids.Guadeloupe Club Med is far more sophisticated overall, even with kids.The usual activities are available at Punta Cana - sailboats, windsurfing, fishing, snorkelling and scuba trips, trapeze, gym, fitness e.g. yoga, massage. Interestingly, jet skis are prohibited throughout the DR. The evening theatre activities are typical Club Med - enthusiastic GO's, with occasional local acts. The beach/bar restaurant hosts dance lessons and late-night activities.The climate was lovely - mid-80's with lowish humidity and cooling offshore breezes. No afternoon storms. The beach is protected by a reef.The village was the first development on a 25-mile white-sand beach, although it is now elbow-to-elbow resorts. The airport is five minutes away. Golf is available but a round costs $125 plus caddy and club hire. The currency is the DR peso but prices are heavily influenced by the Euro - high.The Club boutique is the only shopping opportunity without going to Santo Domingo (three hours each way). Christopher Columbus is revered there. The shopping is poor but there is a Hard Rock Cafe and nice lunch at a Sofitel or in Bavero (45 mins each way). Bavero is not very impressive either - lots of mass-produced junk. There was a lack of local artisan items and even of nice t-shirts. Local cigars and rum are major exports. A Romeo y Julieta cigar in the Club boutique was 300 pesos or $10 at the club exchange of $1/30 pesos (outside 1/33). There was no nearby village to walk to and there were no beach vendors. The island in the vicinity of the club does not offer any opportunity for excursions of interest to lovers of flora and fauna. Wildlife is almost non-existent - not one iguana !This village is mainly aimed at families with children, but definitelynot the Top 20%. The evening shows were somewhat boring, and the following beach parties very late. There is a gap affecting folks who may not want to retire after the show but who don't want to wait till 11.30 pm for the beach party. Something more professional than the GOs in the main bar between 9 pm and 10.30 pm, perhaps.Would not go there again.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>ifurtad
<Content>Buyer Beware of Club Med !!! We had a horrible experience with Club Med prior to even leaving on our trip. Anyone travelling to a Club Med resort understands that you pay a premium. I thought that the premium price would include quality service and accommodations. Not so much! Shortly after we booked our trip, Public Health issued an advisory regarding a malaria outbreak. We were travelling with a 17-month child, and so I consulted with her paediatrician. Although he prescribed anti-malaria drugs, he was not a huge advocate. When my travel agent asked to have us changed to resort at another location, they flat out refused. So, I wrote them a letter and they contacted my travel agent to offer an 'exception' - they were willing to send us to another resort for a mere $1034 more per person (we would lose the airfare). They didn't even extend the coutesy of contacting me directly. I called them back, and the person that I spoke to insisted that there no outbreak and that travellers are always at risk of disease when travelling to a tropical island. Basically, she denied the increased risk but wouldn't put that in writing. Not only were they unaccommodating, she was rude, curt and disrespectful. The bottom line is that we were forced to go or lose our money. It reminded me that we had booked a Club Med vacation to the Ivory Coast about five years ago when a revolution broke out. My travel agent called them to inquire on the situation, and again, at that time they insisted that the resort was safe. They were willing to send me to a war zone. Five years ago I was able to collect cancellation insurance but that didn't apply in this case. They have since closed the resort. Once we were on the resort, we made the best of it. Giving my daughter the medication was a feat. She had a horrible rash. The food and accommodations were mediocre at best. The beach front is disappointing - there is a fair bit of flora that collects on the shoreline. Although it looks picturesque...looks can be deceiving. The only positive thing that I can mention is that their children's facilities were good. There was ample entertainment for kids. The GOs on the other hand were more interesting in entertaining each other than their guests. Final words are that CLUB MED IS MORE INTERESTED IN PROFITS THAN THEIR GUESTS?SAFETY.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>floridabook
<Content>Wonderful Experience My husband and I stayed 7 nights from 3/3/07 - 3/10/07 and had a wonderful time. The views, the beach, the room, the food, the atmosphere, the GO's (Gracious Organizers) were tops. The trapeze group were fun and professional. After never having used the monkey bars during elementary school, I can now swing 23 ft up and be caught in flight as I release from upside down hanging position. The food selection was enormous and try the dark chocolate bread - it's better than all the other amazing desserts combined. Small thing: the roller blade equipment needs to be cleaned between users - it smelled! Try archery! It's fun and easy.The full day Wednesday excursion into Santo Domingo showed us the true contrast of the country's poverty and the excessive exclusiveness of Punta Cana. If you like history, it's worth the effort to see the ancient city of Columbus.If you have children, the GO's are lovely with the camp kids. They were heartwarming and adorable. A family we talked to said they felt safe allowing their 4 daughters ages 7 - 14 to roam the grounds from 6am (the 7 year old) until 2am (the 14 year old) If you're flying from Miami - try Lan Chile. We avoided major lines at the airport that were for all other airlines. We only had 24 people flying on our 767.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>happytraveller44
<Content>Great time!!  We just returned from a week at this resort and wanted to share some of our thoughts. The resort is located on a beautiful, private stretch of beach and the hotel had a very friendly welcoming atmosphere to it. Our family has been to several resorts throughout the Caribbean and this was by far the best if you're looking for activites for your kids. I have two boys, 12 and 17. My 12 year old absolutely loved this place. He spent all of his waking hours with his new friends and GO's(who are terrific)and participated in every activity. He showed up everyday in late afternoon for a shower and I would have to drag him back to our room at night so I could go to bed. My 17 year old only participated in the activities that interested him and spent most of his time at the beach with us. Our hotel room wasn't anything to write home about but it was clean, and I would definitly advise you to get a room with a balcony otherwise anything wet doesn't have a chance to dryout. The shows were performed by the GO's and 'painful to watch' doesn't begin to describe it. Some nights were just brutal. However we really enjoyed the 'Circus' show and the 'Kid's Night.' The food was pretty good and there was always a huge variety to please everyone. We met people from all over the world but the majority were from France or Quebec, Canada. Unfortunately we left with an unfavourable impression of French speaking people. The ones we encountered were rude and arrogant or just plain thoughtless. (I'm sure others would have something more positive to say.)Overal this is a great family resort that is warm and friendly. The staff and GO's really go out of their way to make this place a comfortable and relaxing holiday.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>HalifaxLynn
<Content>Amazing! It was an amazing experience and vacation. The people were very nice and welcoming. We went as a family of four with two teenagers, and they had a great time hanging out at the ramp. The food was also incredible, especially with the theamed food nights, we got a taste of everyhting. The rooms were not the best rooms we have stayed in, but everyhting was really clean and well- maintained. We have gone to many other resorts in Cuba, Mexico, and Punta cana, and this was definatly the the nicest resort we have been to, and the most fun we have had.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sullys
<Content>West Hartford loves the "D.R." What a fantastic vacation! We went to this resort because of many reviews on family vacation websites saying that it was one of the best. We have a 4, 5, and 6 year old. The mini club day (9:00 - 5:30) was a bit long for our 4 year but our other two loved it. A little tip - they will each need to bring a change of clothes, sunsreen, a hat, sneakers/socks, and a bathing suit everyday to kids club. Bring a lot of sunscreen - we brought 3 aerosol kind and 2 lotion and that wasn't enough. Bring a ton!! We went on the Funny Cruise expedition~ it was fun to do.  The food was good ~ such a selection.  We had to get 2 rooms because there was 5 of us. We used one of the rooms to store our luggage and brought one of the mattresses to the other room and so we all slept in there. That was fine - our kids are little. I would upgrade to at least have one room with a balcony to sit on at night and in the morning while the kids slept.  There is a kids show every night at 8:30pm. These are painful to watch but the kids liked them. Bring a strong drink to endure it! The show that the kids participate in didn't START until 9:15pm on Wednesday, that was too late for our kids so we skipped it.  We loved that there weren't a ton of Americans. It is nice to step out of the box once in a while. I never felt that language was a barrier. The airport is charming and very easy to manage. Everything is GREAT!!! We have been home for 2 weeks now and are still reeling from the high of being there. We had never done a Club Med before and we would definitely do one again. This place is truly paradise!!!! ENJOY IT!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Duke_1999
<Content>Great Staff  We spent a week at this resort in early December. It was only about half full (800 guests) so there were no lineups for beach or pool chairs, watersports equipment, or in the bars and restaurants.This also gave the staff (GOs) more time to spend entertaining and accompanying the guests. I believe the GOs have always been a strong point with any Club Med location. They are always very energetic, cheerful, humorous, helpful, and do their best to help you maximize your enjoyment at the resort.The Club is located on an easterly facing beach 5 minutes drive from the Punta Cana airport. If you booked a package holiday the transfer will be included. If not there are ample cabs available. Cabfares are all over the map. Negotiate the rate before you get in. One guy wants $10, the next one wants $20.If you are thinking of renting a car, the pickup lots are about 25 minutes from the airport in the village of Bavaro. Most rental companies have a rep at the airport who will direct you to a van that takes you there.The grounds at Club Med are exceptionally green, well manicured, and trees for shade are plentiful. You see gardening staff working all the time to keep this up.We stayed in a ground floor gardenview room in the Columbus Isle building. Each building is 2 storey. The rooms are all suites, with a kingbed or 2 doubles in the main area, and 2 single beds in a secondary room with sliding doors for privacy. They all have a small bacony with 2 chairs  a table.Walkin closets are huge (8' x 8') with lots of hangars/shelves/ironing board  iron/combination safe. Our room had a large walkin shower and a separate doored WC. Your room will always have 2 or 3 liters of filtered bottled water in it.The housekeeping staff do a great job of making up the rooms and keeping everything spotlessly clean. I left $1 or $2 on the pillow each morning for the chambermaid. Tipping definetly helps.Their is a large mainpool for everyone and a separate kids pool for kids that are enrolled in the kids club. The GOs who look after the kids are outstanding. They really care and they provide a fun, active, safe day for all ages.There is a daily exercise and watersports program in the pool, as well as other fitness, sports, and dance oriented instruction throughout the resort. You can be as busy or as relaxed as you choose. Note - the local DR dance instructors do a great job teaching and getting guests to enjoy a wide range of latin dance.Quality and selection of food is very good. They have 2 main buffet restaurants which alternate opening for breakfast and lunch. If the guest count is less than 1000 they only have 1 open for dinner. There is usually a changing food theme thru the week, i.e. seafood, italian, oriental, Dominican, etc. for dinner, but they offer enough variety and North American staples like pasta, potatoes, burgers, etc. that even the choosiest of eaters will be satisfied. Local fresh fruits and vegetables are plentiful. Along with the changing food theme the resort has a dress theme each evening and guests are encouraged to follow along if they are prepared. Black  white night, denim night, black  gold night, red night, etc.When the buffets are closed (late morning  late afternoon) the beach snack shack has pizza, burgers, hotdogs, salads and fries, etc. available.The beach area is very picturesque and great for both swimming and watersports. There is quite a breeze that blows in from the Atlantic that helps moderate the heat, and a natural reef about 1 KM from the shoreline that breaks up the surf to make for good swimming. The beach area may be 1/2 mile wide and there are some rocky areas in the water where beach shoes are good idea. They clean and rake the beach daily so it always looks great, and there are plenty of lounge chairs so you don't have to do the 6AM scramble.Club Med has always been a fitness/active lifestyle destination so they have many activities to offer like sailing, windsurfing, kayaking, beach sports, trapeze, ATVs, snorkeling, scuba, etc. They also offer a catamaran sailing excursion south to the island of Saona that includes a great beach BBQ. Good fun. Snorleling  scuba in front of the resort is just so so - you need to go further afield to find more exciting marine life.The week we were there the largest demographic of guests were French speaking from either Quebec or France. There were also many Canadians and western Europeans. Apparently this is fairly typical. The staff are generally fluent in English, French, German, and Spanish.The Punta Cana area and the village of Bavaro are pretty scarce for activities/shopping/dining/etc. There is a small plaza in Bavaro where you can pick up local tourist souvenirs. To experience some local culture and more variety, you need to go a couple hours away to Higuey, La Romana, or Santo Domingo.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	5	3	

<Author>Squanfamily
<Content>Best Vacation For Our Family! Thanks to tripadvisor reviews and some great pointers, we decided our first ever Feb vacation spot (from 2/11-2/17) would be here. There are 4 of us (kids 7 and 10), but 2 other families from our neighborhood went too (a total of 9 kids). I feel obligated to give you all our pointers as well. Malaria pills - our pediatrician/family doc and the CDC travel website recommend this -- once a week for 4 to 6 weeks. Easy drug to take, no adverse reactions. Funny thing, never saw a mosquito. Never used the bug spray we brought.Airport - easy but some lines. Buy the tourist card ($10 per head), don't bypass that line or you'll be sent back. Customs was easy, just another line. Go to the curb for a taxi like others recommend. If it is busy while you are there, ask the GO at the Club Med desk to help you out. $10-$12 and 7 minute ride.Check in - easy and no lines. Based on other reviews, we decided to upgrade to a Deluxe Gardenview room - it was by far the best $250 we spent. I had requested a 3rd floor room (there's only 3 floors) in Colon or Ovando. Those buildings are nice and close to the center of things, affording you the option to go back to your room if you need something. Our room was awesome - ocean view and everything - didn't mind the 2 sets of spiral stairs, we like to be high up for the better view. Don't hang your wet bathing suits on the railing if it is windy or the next morning you'll be finding a maintenance man with a rake to get them off the roof that overhangs the first floor rooms! Use the chairs on the balcony instead. Beach and pool - just fabulous. Perfect temperatures, never worried about the kids in the water like here at the Jersey Shore. Could always find beach chairs, pulling them into the shade on occasion. We were never hot. Thoroughly enjoyed the aerobics classes on the beach and in the ocean. Take advantage of them, the scenery will take your mind off the fact that you are exercising! Swing by Costco and buy your kids the snorkel gear they have with the travel bag - we did and were so glad we brought it. They snorkeled like crazy without having to use the gear from Club Med. We snorkeled nearly every day (us adults used the Club Med stuff, it was hit or miss with the quality of the mask you got). The pool is quite large - gosh, such a walk around it to get to the pool bar where the drinks tend to be better than the beach bar! We used the pool in the evening but primarily spent our days on the beach.Activities - great fun. Loved archery, kayaking, and snorkeling as a family. I did adult trapeze, it was a real rush, found new muscle groups the next morning when I carefully got out of bed. Next time I need to work my abs prior to my trip! My only complaint about activities was that they are open from 9-12 and 2-5 or 3-6. So by 11:30 and 4:30 they are telling you you only have 20 minutes, because I'm off soon. If you choose to sleep late, sometimes you feel like your morning goes so quickly because 11:30 arrives before you know it and you have to think about turning in your snorkel gear. Kids club - it took us a day or so to figure it out. We fibbed and told them our son was 8 so he could be with his sister and friends in the 8-10 group. We thought all activities could be done as a family on your own schedule but that isn't the case. Some things are only Kids Club (catamaran, trapeze) and you can't just do them when you want to as a family. Our kids were lukewarm at first, but found the best activities are from 9am-noon. Also lucky because we traveled with friends. So they went in at 9, then we pulled them at noon to eat with us instead of their kid group. Then they would pop back in from 3-4 to do something specific like catamaran. They did stay for the snack (4pm)and Big Game (4:30pm) one day - snacks were healthy (fruit and dry cereal) and the Game was a crazy homemade slip and slide that was really neat. The Big Game changes every day so check the board and see if your kids are interested. They did the club on their 9-12 and 3-4 schedule 3 of the days we were there. Food - generally agree with most comments - it is good, some of it was great. Chat with the chef and the guys cooking to order to see what is best for that night. Italian night was fabulous because Jaimey the chef pointed me to all the homemade fresh pasta stations so I didn't have to walk around to see what was available - I just trusted him! Alex makes a great chicken fajita on Tex Mex night (indulge in avocados if you love them, they are delicious!) and also great stir fry on Chinese night. Our kids are adventuresome with food so it was fine for us but others enjoyed chicken nuggets all week. Mashed potatoes were good. We split our time between the 2 restaurants. It was really fun when a GO would sit with us for a meal - we could learn Spanish/French, pick their brains on fun things to do, get to know them. A real delight. We drank all the water on the tables with no problems (only afraid to brush our teeth with faucet water, so we used bottled for that). No real GI issues, my husband needed one dose of immodium but we couldn't track it back to anything specific. I needed Pepto after TexMex night but that was too many fajitas. It didn't slow us down.Bar - ask for liquor by name. Our favorite was SKYY citrus with tonic. Yum. Bottom shelf liquor was compared to gasoline by Gregg the bartender. Too funny. Our kids loved the slushies - the non-alcoholic lemonade, strawberry daiquiris, pina coladas. One of our favorite times at the pool bar was in the morning - went for a run around the complex (guess it was 2.5 miles if you go twice around), went to the pool bar, chugged some water, had an espresso and enjoyed the view. Perfect!Photographers - love Megan and Bobbie. They take great candids and will do a family sitting for free (Mon - Fri). You only pay for what you like - we just ordered a bunch of prints online from our sitting. Cheaper online than at the resort.Rooms - just fine, love the king sized bed with my 6'3 husband, we tipped the maid everyday leaving $$ on the pillow. Always restocked our water, always friendly smile. Our AC worked great. As for other tipping, we tipped the luggage guys, the maids, and the photographer for such a great family session. Didn't really tip the bartenders, didn't see anyone else doing it either. Last day - we couldn't stay in our room after 11 (checkout time if you book your own flights) but didn't need to leave for the airport until 1. Definitely take advantage of the Transit Room and get there early. We packed our luggage and they stored it for us, keeping a carryon of plane-clothes and toiletries -- bring that to the transit room and get a locker key to store it. We enjoyed more snorkeling, then were able to shower (spacious), got fresh towels, change, dry your hair (provided in the Transit Room), etc to get ready to leave for the airport. Friends got to the Transit Room later in the morning and all the lockers were taken. It was a big checkout day.We want to go back next year but might check out the Cancun Club Med (because it was recently renovated and has water skiing). A great trip!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cookleitz
<Content>Great family vacation My husband, 3-year old son and I stayed at Club Med Punta Cana January 10-17 of 2007. We decided on this resort after doing quite a bit of research on family-friendly resorts in the Caribbean. We have been on cruises the past two years and were ready for a land vacation.Overall, we enjoyed our vacation. We would definitely go back to Club Med, but would probably try a different property next time. It not that we didn like Punta Cana, we would just like to see some of their other properties.Staff: We had some of the most enjoyable meals with the Club Med GO. When a GO would sit down with us, we always looked forward to the conversation. In fact, when we had a meal without a GO, we were a little disappointed. Room: We were in the Punt Cana building, which is a great location, just steps from the kids club and Hispanola restaurant. The room was configured very well for a family. There was a HUGE walk-in closet with plenty of storage for clothes. There was no dresser, but plenty of hanging space and shelves. In this closet was a small refrigerator and a safe. The shower and sink were in a separate room than the toilet, which was also nice. We had a king size bed that was in the main room and two twins were in a room that was adjacent to the main sleeping area. This room could be closed off with a set of pocket doors. The TV was also in this smaller room, but there was enough cord and cable wire to bring the TV into the main area. The patio off of the main area was nice and had two chairs and a table. The rooms have been well-used, but were cleaned very well each day. Be aware that there are no non-smoking rooms at the resort. I am very, very sensitive to smoke and had no issues at all with our room.Food: The food was ok ?nothing great, but we always found something that we liked and there was definitely plenty of food. The best part was the fresh-squeezed OJ when you went into breakfast each morning. We preferred eating at Samana over Hispanola. Kids Camp: Can say enough about the kids camp. Our son went most every morning and had a great time. The only reason he didn go in the afternoon is because I knew he would never take his nap in a room with 20 other kids. Each night they have a kids show, which is supposed to start at 8:15, but never got started until 8:30 or after. Our son really enjoyed going each night.Pool/Beach: We spent most of our time at the pool, because our son said that the water at the beach was, oo big and moved too much.?The pool is spacious and even when there were a lot of people there, it never seemed crowded. The pool could use a little updating ?a new coat of paint and a new surface on the bottom. Though my husband and I had no problems with this, our sun skinned the bottoms of his toes on the pool the first day we were there. Later in the day, plant debris would often blow into the pool and the filtration system didn seem to be able to keep up with it. What little time we spent on the beach was great. The sand was so nice and clean and soft and the water was the perfect temperature. There is a bar and snack area down on the beach, but if you are at the end of the beach closest to the kids club, then youl have a little walk to get to the refreshment area.Other: Our son got sick while we were there. We visited the nurse who sent us on our way with a $10 bottle of cough syrup. There was no fee to see the nurse, but had we seen the doctor, who was walking out the door when we got there, there would have been a charge. I was a little concerned that the nurse did not ask if our son had any drug allergies before she gave us the cough syrup. But, it did the trick.The Chief of the Village and his assistant make the rounds at the pool and the beach at least once, if not twice a day. They stopped to visit each day and after they knew our son was sick, they continued to ask about him to see if we needed anything.Be sure to book a massage ?you won regret it! I want to say that it was apx. US $80 for a 50 minute massage.Everything at the boutique is very expensive. A small bottle of sunscreen was $15. Be sure to take all the staples you need to avoid having to fork out the $$ at the boutique. We put the charges from the resort on a Visa card and when we got home, there was an almost $6 nternational transaction fee?on our card. You might want to check to see if your credit card charges a fee like this.Once you get through security at the airport, there are several places to eat (including Wendy) and shops. I didn buy anything other than a bottle of water, so I can comment on the prices of things at the airport.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>oldexplorer
<Content> A family resort loved by seniors As a couple in our 70s, we would like to report that while this is a family club it is also a very enjoyable place for those travelling without children . I was surprised to see many older couples. It is remarkably quiet both during the day and at night. There are 2 story and 3 story buildings. The 2 story buildings have large walk in closet rooms with a lot of storage space. The windows in the second floor are smaller than the first. The three story buildings have less closet space but all rooms have the large windows. Bedroom space in all rooms seems to be the same.The grounds are extremely clean, the food is excellent, and everyone is friendly and helpful. We saw no mosquitoes.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PuntaCanaRocksBaby
<Content>Can't wait to go back to Punta Cana! We had a great time at Club Med Punta Cana! This was our first time there. We left on1/27 after having been there a week. My wife and I went with our 8 and 6 year old and had a great time. We will likely look to go back in coming years. Here are my thoughts:Overall: They do a great job. The grounds are fantastic. The beach is one of the nicest I have ever been to. Just a notch behind Turks and Caicos but pretty darn close. White sand and calm blue green water.Activities: Tons of stuff to do. Volleyball, ocean kayak, trapeze, rollerblade. Food: It is ok. Definitely not gourmet dining but they do a good job. No one in our family had any GI issues with food or water.Rooms: Its typical Club Med. A small clean simple room. A/C worked ok. They did a good job cleaning it every day.Bugs: They fumigate each night. I would still make sure to bring some Off as we got bit the times we forgot to wear it. CDC recommends Chloriquine for malaria but my guess is that few people do this. We did.Communications: Both my Cingular and Verizon devices worked. Get international roaming before you go. They have a wifi hotspot in lobby which works well or you can use their pc's. Camp: They do a wonderful job with the kids camp.Convenience: Barely 10 minutes to the airport, it could not be any more convenient.Guests: When we were there it was 60-70% French. Everyone seemed nice. A Bon Jour or Bon Suar goes a long way. Most of the staff spoke english. Nudity: The Europeans definitely like to go topless. No problem here although the saying most people look better with their clothes on definitely applies. Cigars: Guys come Tues and Friday night and set up a stand by the main bar. A guy comes that actually rolls the cigars. Fun to watch. They sell Domincan and Cuban cigars.Airport: One of the nicest small country airports I have been too.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Bleifeld
<Content>Family vacation spot This was our third visit to Club Med Punta Cana and we'd certainly go back again. Our 3 boys are 6, 4 and 17 months. The older two went to camp for most of each day. The 6 year old just thrived as there was non-stop fun in his Speedy group, while my 4 year old was a bit bored in the Snoopy's but managed to keep himself busy most of the day. The food was perfect for the kids and there was always something new for the adults. The place was just spotless and the staff both the GO's and the grounds crew were all very nice and accomodating. This was the first time we used the babysitting available and we were very pleased. We had a woman named Carmen who took care of our baby (especially during his nap time). This allowed us to have a few hours off each day and really gave us some true relaxation which is rare with 3 boys.Overall a great family vacation.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>lefish
<Content>Great for kids We traveled for holiday/New Years 2006 as part of a group of 4 families with kids ranging from 11 months to 15 years. Overall, we had a great trip. We travled with an 11-month-old and a 2.5-year old. Some specifics:* Rooms were a little run-down, but had the basics. There is a small living space with two twin day beds that double as couches, separated from a king bed by pocket doors. We actually switched the furniture around so we would have access to the front door, bathroom and closet while the kids were sleeping or napping. Rooms were kept VERY clean and cleaned promptly. Bottled water is in all the rooms and replaced often. Refrigerator in the room.* Food was very good, better than at nicer places I've been. Esp. New Year's Eve -- caviar, foie gras, lobster, yum! Wine at every meal. Great desserts.* We brought baby food and formula for our youngest, but were also able to find table food for her to eat -- fruit, and they always had steamed and mashed vegetables.* High chairs and boosters are readily available in the restaurants.* Staff was kind and very friendly to kids. English sometimes wasn't the best.* Kids clubs: Weren't crazy about it -- might have been two babyish for her? Plenty of staff, nice clean facility, but our child wanted to play in the pool all day, not color or walk around the village singing songs. Also, the staff's English was difficult for her to understand, and they seem to give out candy as rewards -- my kid had no concept of this. She goes to daycare so is used to a classroom setting and teachers, but a week's time seemed to be too short for her to get adjusted and love the club.* Kids shows were painful for adults but the kids seemed to like it. Slightly violent (pirates or clowns running around playing tricks on each other, pretend kicking and fighting). English was impossible to understand. * Pool: Perfect for kids. The 2.5 year old could walk around most of it and had a great time. Need to get out early and put your towels on chairs. * Beach: White powdery sand, water seemed warm, very calm. * Other activities: We mostly hung with the kids by the pool. The other families and kids did archery, snorkeling, boat trips, sailing lessons and the circus. The older kids didn't seem to love their clubs either, and mostly hung out with the family.* Babysitting: We had a babyitter each night who came to the room after the kids were asleep. None spoke any English at all -- my high school Spanish helped. BUT the babysitters we had were kind, capable and clearly loved kids. Even on NY eve, the latest they can stay is 11:00 p.m.* Doctor: Our youngest got sick - low fever - and the doctor was great. He diagnosed a throat infection and prescribed antibiotics. She got better immediately. Easy to see, spoke great English.* Boutique has pool and beach toys, sunscreen, diapers, etc. All at inflated prices of course!* As a large family (15 people) it was easy to meet up and eat together at the large tables in the restaurant.* Weather was warm and sunny. Only one day that was slightly overcast and slight rain. A couple of rainy nights -- rain only lasted 1/2 hour max.* Travel was tough. Bad airport on the way out --- waiting 2 hours to check in (before security!) in 90 degree heat with 2 young kids. That plus no direct flights were painful and could prevent me from going back.They do their goofy club med singing at night, but who cares? We enjoyed our time at the bar after the kids were asleep. Overall, a great trip. I can't see why you would go here WITHOUT kids, however. We all had a great time.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>Satellite4041
<Content>Excellent vacation 12/16 - 12/23       Beach view  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mycatspot
<Content>Beautiful, Laid-Back, Pefect for Travellers wth an Open Mind We booked this resort based upon recommendations received while guests at Club Med Sandpiper in Florida. We were told it was the best family oriented Club Med (at the time). We booked the first week of our holiday break, thinking we would miss some of the crowd (didn't) and save more than we would have paid during the actual week of Christmas/New Year's (we did).We travelled via LAN Chile Airlines out of Miami, which saved us over $1300 than flying out of Tampa (our nearest airport). LAN is a first class airline - hot meals, real silverware and complimentary wine, headphones and first-run movies, video games and music in coach! Highly recommend this 1.5 hour non-stop flight!As stated in earlier reviews, don't be fooled by the signs saying taxi in the lobby area as you exit baggage claim. Go to the CURB and request a cab - $10 and no waiting. About a 5-10 minute ride at the most. Punta Cana has one of the most beautiful beaches - go for the view. Turn your chair around, where ever you are, and just look at the ocean. There were chair hogs who captured beach and pool chairs by 8:00 a.m. each day, but I never had one day when I could not find a chair. Language(s): Be open minded and help your children (if you have them) relax about this. My kids (ages 6  7) were intimidated by the GO's at the Mini Club because they had initial problems understanding and being understood. By the end of the stay, they were speaking French, Spanish and even singing songs in other languages, too. As long as you realize the nature of Club Med is international, you won't become too frustrated. Everyone speaks some English and you will be understood. The resort was full, becoming more Americanized as the week moved closer to Christmas. There was never a wait for a table, never a crowd at a buffet line, never ran out of warm, fresh towels and maid service was prompt and effecient.On Friday the Mini Club had a big party/carnival with candy (too much candy!) and Santa arrived by speed boat on the beach. Santa even made a visit on the day of our departure, Dec. 23rd - complete with gifts and wearing flip flops! Too funny!Rooms area adequate - separate toilet area for the bath, which we appreciated. Large shower with shower head that moved higher or lower - great for kids. Shower also had clothes line which we used every day to rinse our suits.There is no self-serve laundry facility - which came as a shock to my my under-packing spouse. He had to pay to have his t-shirts, underwear and socks laundered! Also - for families who book two connecting rooms - there aren't any connecting rooms at this facility. We met one family who booked two rooms and let the one sit empty all week because they didn't do their homework. The separate room with two twin beds is perfect for little kids - the pocket doors slide closed for privacy. However, that is the location of the TV (which picks up a surprising number of cable channels) so set ground rules for when it can be turned on in the morning! Siesta Club is an evening babysitting service at the Mini Club- $22 per child from 8:00 to 1:00. (kids are asleep by 10:00 or so on little cots...) We discovered you must book this service 24 hours in advance. No one seems to know about or use this - there were only 5 kids the night we used it (including our two). In spite of being a family resort, there is a very active ADULT night life at this Club Med- the beach disco is an outdoor beach bar with dance floor and DJ booth - rocking until 4:00 a.m.!! (and I DO mean rocking! ) Not just full of teens -this is where the adults hung out each night. Suggestions: Keep an open mind, prepare for a very laid back environment, particularly regarding clothing. Even the theme nights - most people just wore shorts, t-shirts and flip flops. (the GO's dressed up more than the guests, by far) Food was okay - the fresh things were the best (fruit, vegetables, fish and breads) and the traditional Dominican dishes were great. My favorite - the central bar at 9:00 a.m. - ordering Cafe Au Lait (or expresso, capuchino, Americano, your favorite...) and finding a seat, reading a book and watching the ocean.Please tip the housekeepers - they need and deserve the gratuity. We left our extras for them - including the extra candy from the Mini Club carnival - we figured their kids would enjoy having it for Christmas.Also from reading on this board, we took school supplies down for a local charity and gave them to the GO's at check in. Our kids enjoyed learning about why we were doing this and why there was a need. Good life experience for our kids to visit an economically disadvantaged country, meet children from other countries and learn to communicate in different ways. They had a great time and so did we.My husband, the overly-active type, discovered the sports agenda and I never saw him again except during dinner! Seriously - he is a 49 year old dad, and had a blast trying the trapeze, soccer, vollyball, windsurfing (hardest sport I've ever tried) and such. He said he would go back to this Club Med by himself just to play, he had such a good time.!Overall, don't expect fancy rooms or cuisine. Expect tropical relaxation and friendly staff and you will be pleased. Great value!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Josie_R
<Content>Paradise resort in DR          A real shark...  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VPonthemove
<Content>The Kids loved it, BUT This is not definitely a 5 star hotel, however, the kids loved it. The people go out of their way to please the kids and take them to the camp. I was dissapointed about the rooms, I wish they would have Suites or the like. The bathrooms were too small since we are a family of 4. Definitely bring something to scare away the mosquitoes. They were evil. You get tired of the buffet food towards the end of your trip. You are not close to the city at all and as the taxi driver told me, this hotel is for sure not one of the best.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	2	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>CrunchSolutions
<Content>Even couples will have a good time Reading Club Med Punta Cana reviews on TripAdvisor, the family orientation is strong. I was a little concerned that Punta Cana might be overwhelming for couples. However, we've just returned from six days following Thanksgiving and had a wonderful time. The rooms (suites) are spectacular for those of us habituated to the small, spartan rooms characteristic of Club Med of the past. Television, fridge, balcony, phone, plenty of closet space and air conditioning. As always, you can do as little or as much as you choose. The club is particularly well laid out with most activities very close to one another: eg kayaking, trapeze, pool, weight room, beach volleyball, sailing, windsurfing etc are all very close. As a tennis nut who loved Paradise Island, the tennis program isn't quite at the level that Paradise achieved. There are hard courts and an odd carpet acts as the 'soft' surface. The pros are well intentioned and if you don't meet guests at your level, it's definitely worth paying for a private hitting session or two. Many reviews refer to a long hike from room to the central area. Be warned that if you pay for an 'ocean view', your room will be quite a way from the main action. I did hear that bikes are available if you're faced with too long a walk.The GO's are all well trained, courteous and professional. Punta Cana's MiniClub program demands that the GOs speak French to the kids so many are Canadian or Haitian.Clientele is largely French with a sprinkling of Canadians and Americans. If you don't like the French, don't go. If you're intrigued at the prospect of a different culture, enjoy water sports, the beach and beautiful gardens, and are open to meeting different people, you'll have a wonderful time.And yes, the white chocolate bread is addictive - best kept as dessert.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PlasticMoonRain
<Content>Outstanding Caribbean resort if you have kids 0 - 16 My wife and I have not been to a Club Med since we were swinging singles way back when. We heard this was THE Club Med to take your family to and was nothing like the party palaces of yore.This was by far one of the best Caribbean family vacations we've ever gone on. We were there November 19-26, 2006. The weather was in the mid-80's easily, just beautiful. Sometimes a bit humid, but what do you expect -- it's the Caribbean, right?First, let me borrow what a few people say already -- the resort is very European, very domiinated by French speaking guests from both France and Canada. But so what? Everybody is friendly, all the GO's speak at least two or three languages, and you go with the flow. I was digging out all my French from high school and college, and it was a lot of fun. And the guests who know very little English will make the effort to be polite and say hello and smile. If you want to hang out only with your neighbors, either stay home or go to Cape Cod or Florida.Some practical advice -- everything costs a fortune in Club Med. The mark-up for things ranges from high to insane. So bring all the suntan lotion, bug spray, books, etc. from home you can. Bring cameras. Bring lots of dollars bills. Even though it's an all-inclusive, it's always good to have money in small bills to tip the people who take your bags. If you take a taxi (as opposed to the Club Med transfer), it should cost exactly $10, no more.Other advice -- good idea to ask for rooms close to the center of action, so request Casa Colon or Casa Ovando.With that out of the way, there are two things that really drive this Club Med -- the GO's and the Mini-Camp for kids. The GO's, who seem to be mostly from Canada, France, Dominican Republic, and Haiti, are incredible. They are always upbeat, there with a smile, friendly and talkative, and absolutely engaging. In turn, the GO's run the camp, so you know it has to be outstanding. You shold have no worries -- I wish I could take half of them home for babysitters! They all get to know your kids and take them to all kinds of activities, from swimming in their own kids pools to the fabulous circus camp to archery and in-line skating. My son could not wait until they took his group sailing on the catamaran every day. My daughter cried when we were leaving.Every night, you want your kids to go to the special kids show at 8:15 - 8:30 pm, where they can see their GO's perform some funny and silly shows. Wednesday night is when the kids perform nad you must be ready with every camera and video at your disposal -- it's superbly done. My son and fellow boys did a Men in Black hip hop dance, while my daughter did a Shakira thing.There are regular themed shows after the kids shows -- that's the only time you'll hear the infamous Hands Up song. Again featuring the GO's in dance and acrobatic numbers, be aware that some of the content may be a bit edgy (no profanity or nudity -- but their Follies night had the female GO's dressed in hooker costumes and acting the role a bit in their numbers).So while the kids are thoroughly occupied, you can veg out by the pool or beach. One thing I'm surprised that has not been noted that since this place is quite French, you should expect a decent amount of topless sunbathers in both places.There are always excerise classes, water polo games, trivia, etc. Much of my time was spent swimming in the huge pool or going into iPod nirvana reading magazines and books. I had an outdoor massage, which was really nice and hit the spot.Food is surprisingly good, considering the large amount of people. There's always lots of delicious fish dishes, native Domincan foods, tons of fruits, vegetables and salads, and for the kids, hot dogs, burgers, chicken nuggets and fries. A couple of theme ideas didn't really pan out (i.e. sushi), but the wide choice of great food more than made up for it.My ONLY suggestion is that the place needs a water slide, which is practically required of any kids resort that caters to families.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>falfurrias
<Content>Buggy, Hot, and Long Walks to activities, but not bad... Stayed at Club Med October 20-27, 2006. The airport is very close to the resort-about a ten-minute drive at the most. The airport is not air conditioned (it is an open air airport) so you will be hot while you wait in line for bags, customs, immigration, etc. Our rooms were ready upon arrival at club med and we were each given a cool (nonalcoholic) drink at the reception desk. Our rooms were VERY far from the reception area and the main activities. This is a very large property and if you do not get a room close by, then you will be doing a lot of walking in the hot sun. We had a three and four year old with us and the walking was just too much for them, we ended up carrying them half the time. You end up really planning what to take with you when you leave the room because coming back is a big hassle. Also, the rooms never get below about 77 degrees, but it feels OK compared to the scorching heat and humidity (even at night) outside. Some people on the site have noted that bugs do get into the room. We saw a few spiders and some very small ants, and a tiny lizard. I think the main reason for this is that the doors to the room open to the outside, and there is no weatherstripping, etc. on the doors. This wastes the AC but also lets in bugs. But the bugs were not a big enough deal to really bother anyone. Just dont stack your clothes on the floor or anything like that because you will get a surprise when you pick them up. The activities are what you would expect from club med and are fun and well staffed. The only problem is the oppressive heat (85 degrees every day with at least 80% humidity) which you must constantly try to put out of your mind. Tennis lessons do not start until 10 AM and by then it is already too hot. Archery is fun and the instructors for both are very friendly and always available. Most of the staff really seemed to be happy to be there and was very friendly and helpful. As others have mentioned, there are a lot of french/European guests, probably about 65% when we were there. Its really a non-issue. Most of the staff speak English. A word about the restaurants/food. All the water/ice in the restaurants is purified, so no problems there. The maids leave you plenty of bottled water and you can always get water at the bars or at safe water fountains throughout the property. No problems there. There are two restaurants (Hispaniola and Samana) where meals are served buffet style. Only one is air conditioned (Samana) and most of the meals (all breakfasts and lunches) are in the non air conditioned restaurant. This means you will sweat through most of your meals. The non air conditioned restaurant is open air, so that also means you have to get over the fact that there are a bit too many flies buzzing around the buffet area. But the food is good and plentiful and diverse, though by the end of the week most people get tired of it. Dinner every night is a themed night, so one night is Italian night, one night Fish night, Dominican night, Middle Eastern night, etc. When the property is full you should get to your meal at opening time as the lines for certain items can get long and you sometimes have to wait for certain items to be re-stocked. Breakfast seems to be the most chaotic/competitive meal. We left our kids in the kids club some of the time and they seemed to enjoy it for the most part. There are a lot of activities for the kids at kids club and the staff do take the kids all over the property to participate in tennis, archery, swimming, circus, rollerblading, etc. If your kids are younger than about six it may be a bit too much activity for them, with all the walking in the heat and such. The staff does not seem to have a problem letting the kids who just want to hang around and draw, etc., in the club do that and not be forced around the property. Beach is very pretty-there is a sncak bar and regular bar on the beach and a a nice deck to sit on by the bar if you just want to drink. The pool is huge, great for kids as they can stand in most of the pool. The surface of the pool floor is very rough so bring swim shoes for younger kids. The skin on our little ones toes was literally worn off since he was tip-toeing most of the time in the water. Whenever he was not in the water he would complain that his feet hurt (which makes the walk even harder). There are a lot of mosquitoes-bring bug spray. I sprayed a lot and came out ok. Others who were not quite so generous with the spray came out with a lot of bites. They sell bug spray at the club but is is $13 US. (everything in the store is really expensive, so bring your own). All in all, not a bad trip. You really do have to make an effort to ignore the heat, bugs, and long walks, but if you can do that and just enjoy the activities once you get to them you will have a good time.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	2	

<Author>EllBel
<Content>Mostly very good... Our family (myself and my husband, both in our mid-30s, and our 6-yr-old daughter) just returned from Club Med Punta Cana. We were there for 1 week, Oct 21-28. This was our first Club Med experience, and our first trip to the DR. Since I consult TripAdvisor a lot when we plan any vacation, I would like to submit my review, and perhaps it may help fellow travelers.We chose this location because we were traveling as a family, and I wanted a very active and robust Kids Club for our daughter.Overall, we enjoyed our vacation very much, some small issues notwithstanding. I will outline my thoughts, below.* The grounds and beach were beautiful. Gardeners were constantly working on landscaping, there were flowering trees and bushes everywhere, the lawns were perfect. We preferred walking barefoot across the grass more than walking with flip-flops on the walkways. :-)* Service was excellent. Everyone who works there is always ON. They're cleaning, washing, organizing, making sure everyone has everything they need. All the staff were always smiling, very polite and accomodating, and made sure they didn't miss a thing. Just keep in mind that you're on vacation on a tropical island, and don't expect a NYC-type sense of urgency about everything.* Activities were abundant. Everything was extremely well organized, and the schedule was accurately adhered to by all staff. One afternoon, we decided to go kayaking. Arrived several minutes before 2 pm, and decided to hang out and wait for the G.O. in charge. 2 pm on the dot, there he was, with a smile on his face, ready to get us on the water.* For an all-inclusive, the food was very good. It's impossible to make filet mignon well for 1000+ people, and they're smart enough not to try. :-) I'm fairly critical about cuisine and consider myself somewhat of a foodie, yet I found the selection varied and interesting enough on most nights. There was everything from the staples (burgers, fries, chicken fingers) to the more unusual (escargot, ceviche, and sashimi). Breakfast and lunch were fairly unvaried all week, but the offerings were consistently fresh, plentiful, and presented nicely.* If you don't feel comfortable being in an all-French speaking environment, you will not enjoy your time here. We (the non-French guests) were definitely in the small minority (I'd say only about 10-15% of the guests were not French). We actually didn't mind this at all -- the atmosphere had a very European feel to it. Our daughter met a couple of other little girls in Kids' Club who spoke English, and that's who she spent time with. I think if she hadn't met them, she wouldn't have had as much fun (I don't know if she would have been willing to go to all the activities with all French-speaking children), but it worked out well. This is definitely something to consider, though -- if you're coming with children, they may or may NOT find English-speaking kids to play with.* The Kids Club was VERY, VERY good. A choice of 3 activities every hour on the hour, everything from trapeze/circus school to archery. Our daughter went kayaking, was in a performance on stage (complete with make-up and costumes), flew on the trapeze, tried tennis, archery, roller-blading, and of course, lots and lots of swimming. Again, the only drawback would have been if she hadn't met other English-speaking kids (which is a distinct possibility).* The mosquitoes were UNBELIEVABLY brutal, and I think they think Off and Deep Woods Off are a big joke. The staff did spray around the premises, but it didn't seem to work at all. So, just be prepared. :-)* Our accomodations were fair. The room itself was spacious enough, and our room service attendant did a very good job cleaning, but...1) We couldn't get the room below 75F, even though I had the a/c set to 50F, and stuck our extra room key into the control panel on the wall so the a/c wouldn't automatically shut off (I didn't know if it would, but others on this site recommended to do that, so we did that the moment we arrived).2) There was a drip in the closet (I think it was a/c condensation running through one of the ceiling panels), which created a constant puddle on the closet floor, and required us to keep a towel under it. I'm now washing ALL the clothes we took with us, even those we didn't wear, because everything smells very damp...I suppose we could have asked for another room, but I didn't feel like packing up everything and moving, and neither my husband nor daughter was bothered by these things.* It would have been nice to have ceiling fans -- in the rooms, in the restaurants, in the theater, everywhere, actually. It is VERY hot and humid everywhere, and there is not enough air circulation.Overall, if you're traveling with children ages 3-10, this is a very good place to consider. We met several families who were back for their 2nd and 3rd visits. If you're a couple looking for a romantic getaway, you might consider another venue -- this is really geared toward families, and there are LOTS and LOTS and LOTS of children, of all ages.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>KaylaRuth
<Content>A Nice Relaxing Vacation       our room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hwb06
<Content>Fantastic. I recently came back from a fantstic 7 day trip to Club Med Punta Cana with my wife, son and daughter (11 and 18). It was hard coming back! The grounds are beautiful and very well kept. Everything is very clean and well maintained- the beach especially was always pristine and there was no litter. The food was good for a buffet with so many options. I don't think the majority of people who come to Club Med come for the food and that is apparent, but on the whole it is satisfying. There is always fresh fruit which is a treat unto itself. At the restaurants you often sit with another family so be prepared for that. At times we wanted to just have a family dinner and that was a bit hard. As a family, we tend to like active vacations and so at first we were hesitant about Club Med. We wanted to be able to relax but at the same time we wanted there to be activities to take part in. We were extremely happy to find that the watersports were great- my daughter learned to windsurf for the first time and loved it, the GO's were very helpful and nice. I took a sailing lesson and my son was at the trapese everyday. While the beach was great for swimming and lounging we found many more things to do to occupy ourselves. Speaking of the trapeze, it was wonderful. The GO's incorporated all of the kids and put on a great show. This is definately the evening show to attend. The staff was very friendly and tried to make an effort to get to know every family. The most disappointing aspect of our trip was the tennis. We love to play tennis but the balls we had to play with were all flat. The tennis pro was nice but at times had a hard time regulating the courts and telling people to go where. We didn't do any clinics or anything, we just wanted to play by ourselves. On the whole this was a great adventure and I recommend it for any family- regardless of age of children! We would love to go back!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>TampaTim
<Content>The wind was great!, the sailing was excellent!!       Another Great Day!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ldoino
<Content>club med punta cana review We stayed at Club Med Punta Cana for a week from Aug 12-19 with a group of 28 people. This was our first Club Med experience and we traveled with children ranging in ages from 1-18. The resort itself is beautiful-very clean and well maintained, the rooms are very nice and very roomy(lots of closet space) which you really need because there are no dressers . The beach is lovely. Lots of palm trees to sit under if you choose because the sun is EXTREMELY hot. I recommend 30 and above sunscreen especially for the kids. The food was okay-all buffet style and only 2 restaurants. They have different theme nights but if you are looking for gourmet food, you wont find it here. Everyone in our group at one time or another had some stomach promblems but nothing too major, I would recommend bringing some pepto bismol or immodium. Make sure you have all your essential toilettries and mediactions because theone gift shop there is very overpriced.(sunscreen $20 a tube, deodorant $9 etc) My biggest complaint was the amount of French people that were at the resort. I know that might sound strange but let me explain it this way-every announcement made was done in French, many of the staff spoke French and very little English. At night by the bar they would have music and dances to participate in-everything was French. The French seemed to be catered to much more than the English guests-even in the camp for kids they would explain everything to the kids in French. I had gone with my daughter one morning and asked them to please explain in English also. They did but probably would not have if I had not been there. I can say that the French guests are not very fond of the Americans and really do not hide their feelings at all. We tried to make conversation with them but they would just shake their head to say they did not speak English. Others were just downright rude. Many of the women bathed topless on the beach, which was a bit of a shock for American kids who are not accustomed to this. The pool at the resort was beautiful, however if you were looking to cool down after being out in 90+ degree heat, you would not find it in the pool. I don't think the temperature of the water ever went below 85 degrees. It was like being in a bathtub so most of the relief was found down at the beach. Mostly everything was self-serve, if you wanted a waiter to bring you drinks by the pool, I recommend giving him a tip and then you are guaranteed to be waited on. Otherwise you had to walk to the bar to get drinks. The resort is very spread out and unless your room is very close to the main reception area, be prepared to walk. When we left our rooms in the morning we tried to make sure we had everything we needed to avoid walking all the way back in the heat. All in all, I think I expected much more from the club med name and I know in the future I would not go to another Club Med again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>hairpluck
<Content>Pleasant surprise We travled to Punta Cana as two families with a total of 9 people (4 adults, 5 kids ranging from 11 to 15 years old) After reading all of the negative posts in the month of August and with the threat of Hurricaine Ernesto, we seriously considered cancelling our vacation. Boy am I glad we didn't. Everybody that worked at Club Med was pleasant, courteous and almost everybody spoke english. There was harldy any time that we had a problem with language. When they were speaking to groups, they started in french and always followed with an english translation.The day that we arrived, the hurricaine was supposed to be hitting the island. Imagine our surprise when we got off the plane and saw nothing but sunshine. Apparently the storm veered off and was blasting the Haiti side of the island while Punta Cana got spared.Reception: We were greated by Kathleen, a lovely young lady from Canada who basically adopted us for the week. We were originally booked in a building at the far end of the complex, but she was nice enough to relocate us to the Huatulco building which was very centrally located about 5 minutes from everything. Aftrer checking us in and giving all of us the age appropriate bands, she then personally escorted us to our rooms and showed us around the complex.The Rooms: We had 3 rooms in a row on the first floor of the Hutulco building. One of the rooms had been updated so that the lights and air stayed on, the other 2 rooms we leared the trick from this forum about putting a peice of cardboard in the slot to keep the air running during the day. We had no problems with the temperature of the air in the rooms. If anything, the kids compalianed it was too cold. It stayed at about 74 degrees. The room was made up every day and was very clean. Every morning they replaced the 4 quart bottles of water. It did not matter how much you had put in the fridge, they always left new water. There was the occasional bug in the room, but hey it is the tropics after all.The Restaurants: The outdoor restaurant was beautiful for lunch but too hot and muggy for dinner. The air conditioned restaurant only had one side that the air conditioning seemed to be working on, so we always aimed for the right side of the restaurant. We found the food to be very very good. Always several differrent kinds of fresh fish, chicken and meat. All were seasoned very well. The fresh fruits were amazing, especially the mango. The white chocolate bread was a favorite of all and if you ask they will gladly give a you pre printed recipe. The snack bar on the beach opened at 3 PM and was perfect for grabbing a burger and fries or pizza.The Beach and pool: The beach was clean and beautiful. Every morning they had a huge crew walking the beach, cleaning and setting up the chairs. We never had a problem getting 9 chairs together and always were able to find some seats in the shade under a plam tree. I would guess that about 30% of the women were topless on the beach. The kids got over it in a day or so. Windsurfing, kayaking and sailing were always available but you had to sign up by 9:30AM if you wanted a free lesson. The pool was huge and always seemed to have some seating available.Activities: Club Med has lots of great exercise opportunities. We went on a organized power walk every morning led by Jean. For a short guy, he sure could move. It was a half our walk through the complex at a very brisk pace, including walking a flight of stairs 3 times. On the beach they have a great workout pavillion which is covered, and all day long there are different classes that start every 1/2 - 3/4 hour. We found the evening activities to be a bit lacking. There was an evening show at 9:30 nightly, but without fans in the theater, it was usually too hot. The main bar got a nice crowd, but the disco (which opens at 11;30) was always dead. The kids did not love the Jr. clubs. Our 15 year old said the the Ramp (special club for 14-17 yr. olds) was constantly invaded by 12 year olds. Club Med really gives the red Ramp band to any child whose parent says that they are over 13 years old. The one great activity that the kids loved was the circus school. Tightrope walking, juggling and especially trapeeze. By the end of the week, one of the kids was flying and being caught by the professionals.The good: Great value, beautiful beach, amazing food. Abdel (the Chief de Village) always was around and talked to every guest.Suggestions: 1- They need to add ceiling fans to the lobby, theater and main bar areas.2- The pool is so large, there should be a bridge that goes across the middle.3- The bar drinks are free, but they are very small and seemd very watered down. Also, they did seem to have a lot of choices, but were missing a lot of the things that we like to drink ( no Canadian whiskey at all, and no spice rum likke Captain Morgan's)Overall, I highly reccommend this resort for families!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>GayH
<Content>Loved It!!       Main Beach  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>givemesunshine
<Content>Gorgeous location but worst Club-Med we have visited We are a family who loves Club Med and we go every year to different ones. This Club however was not as much fun as the others have been. First of all it is too big. We paid for the Deluxe Ocean View rooms and the walk to the room from the pool was 8-10 minutes. It was not fun in the scorching heat and humidity. At Club Med we always eat too much at the plentiful buffets so at least we got 30 min of excercise just from walking to and back from the meals. Also being at the outskirts of the resort made our room quiet. The night-club of the resort is outside (basically it is a beach bar) and you can hear the noise from many of the rooms.August is probably the worst time to go to this resort, because it is full due to the vacationing French. You need to push and shove to get what you need. I got up and reserved us seats by the pool around 8 a.m. You could do that by placing your towels on the chairs. The French seemed to prefer the beach and over there just leaving your towel on a chair was not enough. Unless you piled a lot of stuff on it, somebody would steal it during the day. Also you needed to get pushy to secure a mat or some space in the excersice classed. They did not have enough so called smartbells which are weights that are used during the class nor mats. The excersice class GO Ady was very good at teaching the class, but she did it in French. I speak French so that was not a problem for me. However, she was on a first name basis with all the French regulars of the class, but never engaged with me, even though I tried to be nice to her.From this experience at this packed large Club, we decided that in the future we will only go to the maximum 300 rooms Club Meds.The most disappointing aspect of this Club was the animator. We are used to seeing the animators dress up funny and to do practical jokes all day long. This animator only did one performance a day (like dressed weird and walked aroung the beach or the pool area). Also he did not participate in the evening shows (except only once) which made the shows kind of boring. In other Club Meds the animators make those shows hilarious. Also in other Club Meds the GO's organize games and crazy science dancing during the day. Here they only had one game in the bar a day and it was in French. In other Club Meds they organize multicultural games like different nations against each other in silly action games.Our kids stuck it out in the kids club even though they do not speak French. They got bored with it after a while, because there were so many kids in the groups that most of the time was spent waiting around for your once chance turn to do trapeeze or archery or something else. Also in the once a week kid show there were too many kids in each act. If your kid was in the third row in the back you could not see them perform or to take pictures. The room: Don't go to Club Med if you like a high end room. The rooms are basic with tiled floors and simple furnishings. There is no luxury in the Delux rooms, in fact, the bathroom was old with moldy tiles and a clogged sink.The language barrier: Many Go's claimed that they could speak English, but when the request was anything above the basic language they did not understand. I called about the clogged sink and wanted to talk to somebody who spoke English. The person at the reception did not understand the words plumber and sink but refused to let me speak with anybody else, because of course she spoke English. I just gave up and went to the reception personally to talk to somebody else. There are GO's who are from the US and Canada so you just need to find them if you need service in English. At the tour desk was a French guy who did not speak much English. We used Courtney from Canada, who was very friendly. Also a GO Fabian at the reception spoke great English.The meals:Club Med is carb heaven with many freshly baked pastries and breads at all meals. We ate early between 7-8 p.m. when the dining room was pretty empty. The French eat later in general.At lunch and dinner they always serve plain pasta with a couple of sauces, french fries, hamburgers, sausages, fried fish and chicken. They also have salads. In addition they have a different theme each night such as Texmex, sushi, dominican night, italian etc.. with many different dishes. I think the food is fabulous and very easy with kids. You can choose to sit at a large table if you want to talk to people or at a small table for two or four, if you want privacy.Scuba diving:There is a scuba operator on the beach. It is not part of Club Med, but you can charge the fees to the room. They go out three times a day at 9, 11 and 2 p.m. for a one tank dive. You need to put the equipment together (which is included in the price) and carry it to the boat. The boat has no ladder and you need to roll off and climb back in after the dive. Getting back to the boat was a little bit tricky for a woman. The diving was OK, typical Caribbean. Not too many fish, but an occasional stingray, eel, octopus or a lobster. The wreck dive Patricia was the best dive I was on.The tours:We went on the Dolphin swim which was a rip-off for what it was. It included about 5 minutes in the water with a one dolphin with 16 other people. Then everybody got to pose with the dolphin for pictures, which of course cost extra.Horseback riding on the beach was very nice. Club Med dropped us off at the stables. Non of us could speak Spanish and the stable staff only spoke Spanish. We managed with sign language and a couple of words that I knew.The best thing about this Club Med is the location. It is on a secluded beach with no other hotels nearby.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	2	3	2	

<Author>mom32
<Content>Just okay Well we just got back. Eight long nights with minimal A/C. The rooms have little red bugs no matter what they do they were in the bathroom and room. Gross! I would not go back the food is just okay very bland, and the same thing basically day after day. We really never got sick. We watched what we ate. The beach is beautiful. That was the best part. The Go's were very nice except for Melissa down at the hut where you rent the windsurfing. She has an attitude and was extremly rude. I am going to write the hotel about her. She would turn you off. This resort deserves a level 2 rating I would not go back and it was not worth the money. Security stays outside all night. As well as all over the place you had to wonder why. I guess you are not safe walking back to your room by yourself. We never let our teens go around at night by themselves. I would not go back!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JTN
<Content>Good  Just returned last night from Club Med, Punta Cana. I went there with my 10-year-old niece for 8 days. I wanted to take her on a vacation that both she and I would enjoy and this is one of the locations recommended by my travel agent as a fun place for adults and kids. I had read several of the TripAdvisor reviews and warnings which were extremely helpful and pretty accurate, so I do recommend reading as many as possible for helpful tips, both good and bad. Following are my opinions regarding this resort. All-in-all, we had a really nice vacation and did not/would not let any of the negatives spoil our time there.Good:The grounds, beach and ocean were beautiful and clean. The water was so clear and the bottom was lovely sand. We stayed in the Colon Casa (Rm. 160, 2nd Fl.) which was an ideal location. (I had read about this building in a TripAdvisor review and therefore requested this building via e-mail to ClubMed. They told me they could not guarantee I would get this building, but it worked out.) We had a garden view with a sliver of ocean view. It was conveniently located next to the main reception area, in between both restaurants and close to the mini-club, tennis courts, pool, bars, etc. I highly recommend this building as the resort is rather spread out and the other buildings/rooms furthest out are a pretty good hike away from the main area. The room was fine for the two of us. We each had our own large closet with shelving space. No dressers, but that wasn't a problem. There was a small living room with the TV and futons and the bedroom area could be closed off with sliding doors. You do not need to bring bottled water. They provide two LARGE bottles daily which was more than enough. You also have unlimited access to the soda/water fountains (with ice) at the two bars which are open most of the time. Do bring a large, thermal closeable mug. The kids' GO's were fantastic. They made my niece feel very welcome and at ease. She couldn't say enough good things about Patri, Kiki, Wilmy, Whitney, Jolyann, Jacques and David. After escorting her around her first day with the mini-club, I was very comfortable leaving her with them for the remainder of our stay. They are extremely watchful of all the children. I got to know them too and they were very nice. There were lots of on-site activities for both of us. My niece stayed busy in the mini-club almost every day with a lot of fun activities. She loved it. She rehearsed everyday (two dance numbers) for their show on Thursday night which was great. I loved Yoga every morning at 9:00 am with the instructor, Daniel. He was absolutely fantastic. The Yoga class was right on the beach in a thatched covered papala (sp). We both did archery. Try to take advantage of everything they offer (for free), i.e., kayaking, snorkeling, trapese, tennis, etc. We did not do any outside (additional fee) excursions. Bad/Neutral:There was definitely an ant problem in our room. They are tiny, but abundant. Only saw one (huge) cockroach-type bug. Do not leave food out. We put food in our mini-fridge. The food was just mediocre--not extremely bad, but not extremely good. Each restaurant did have a different theme every night (Oriental, Mexican, Seafood, Italian), so that helped with the variety aspect. Breakfasts were really good in the (only) one restaurant which served breakfast (Samana). There was a huge variety of breads, eggs, meats, fruits, cereals and everything you could imagine being available for breakfast. The milk and banana shake (smoothies) were great, as well as the fresh squeezed orange juice. We would make a ham and cheese sandwich at breakfast and bring it back to the room for a snack later in the day. My niece also brought back some fruit and/or dessert back to our mini-fridge in case she got the munchies and didn't want to go outside the room to get something to eat. It is sad, but true, that the French guests received preferential treatment. English-speaking guests were definitely the minority. And, I'm sorry to say that most of the French guests were somewhat rude if you did not speak French to them. My niece did have a problem with some of the French children in the beginning, but at the end of our stay, they did warm up to her. (Its hard not to like my niece as she is outgoing, gregarious and a pretty happy child.) Luckily there were a few English speaking kids in her mini-club and they bonded instantly because they were in the minority. I agree that most of the announcements, entertainment, etc. were almost always in French with little translation offered for the English speaking guests. For this reason, I would not return to this Club Med. But my niece would go back in a heartbeat. Try to seek out some English-speaking guests who have been there for a few days to give you good advice or tips or answer any questions you have about almost anything. I learned a lot more from them than from trying to ask most of the staff.Other:Room A/C: definitely leave an extra key card or cardboard in the power slot of your room to keep the A/C running all day and night. If not, the power has a timed, automatic shut-off.Topless bathers: get used to it, its just their way and not offensive.Bar: definitely ask for a double-shot of dark rum in your Pina Colada--yum. All of the bar drinks were really good, fresh lime juice for the margaritas and fresh fruit juice for others--none of that bottled sour mix stuff.Restaurants: defintely look over the entire buffet offerings, before loading up your plate. There are little tucked away stations where you can have made to order omelets or grilled plate offerings.Gift shop: defintely bring any sunscreen, lotions, medicines, first aid supplies and floaties as they are expensive in the shop. The shop offers a really nice variety of beachwear for adults and children. Nice souveniers too, but also expensive. The shop offers big discounts on Saturdays as that is when most guests leave and will make their big purchases before departing.On-site photographer: The candid photos they take of guests throughout the day turned out fantastic. The'll pose you with a cute little monkey on your shoulder or head, or a parrot or a giant starfish and post the photosheets on the board which you have the option to purchase or not. These are expensive too ($14 for one 5 X 7)). I bought a few and would have loved to purchase more of my niece (on the trapese, or on the high wire), but it would have been too costly. Definitely bring your own good camera.Hope this review was helpful!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>2	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Roppe
<Content>Awesome family vacation, thumbs up for Club Med!       Funny Boat Excursion  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>drsue
<Content>Absolutely Great We've just arrived home from 10 days at this Club Med. We were a large group (25) ranging in age from 79 to 2 months. We all had a great time. The family atmosphere means there is something for everyone. From the petit club to the sports activities, Club Med get's top review for being professional. Although there is more French than English spoken, the staff was friendly and we experienced no problem. All of the G.O.s were friendly and never failed to smile and greet us. We found the G.O.s accomodating. Our rooms were very clean, spacious, and comfortable (We were quite a distance from the center of the club, but we knew this ahead of time - occasionally someone couldn't walk, but if we asked we could get a ride.) The food is buffet style. We most enjoyed the open air restaurant in the evening, where the views are too beautiful. Most of the food items are good and at times even very good. Everything is fresh, with lots of fish and vegetables. The bread is outstanding(way too good). But don't expect fine gourmet dining. The beach and the pool are beautiful, although you have to go a distance to find really good snorkeling. It was very hot while we were there - ceiling fans in some of the common areas would be helpful. If you're not expecting luxury and gourmet meals, but instead a wonderful family experience where you can be as active or inactive as you desire, in an absolutely beautiful setting, you will love this experience.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>adventuremommy
<Content>Don't go if you're not FRENCH!!!! just came back 2 days ago. me, my husband, 8yr. old, and 6month old.kids club:dissapointing!!!!, it was a gorgeous club, but:songs in french, chatns in french, games in french, most kids were french. my daughter felt so alienated she never went back. she met another americaan little girl, who also felt disriminated in the club, and they hung out 2gether the whole triprooms:normal, but too many tiny microscopic insects all over the room, tables, sinks..food:outstanding, but you better make sure to dress up for dinner.. or you will be stared at by the eruropeans who wore evening clothes for dinner..heels, and all.pool/beach:beautifulshows:horrible and all in frenchboutique:very tiney, limited and so so expensive!! bring everything you need especially floatiesatmosphere:very safe, no timeshare people.. if you want to relax go.. if you want to make friends don't go if you dont speak frencoverall:the FRENCh are the chosen ones... they are the royalty, everyone else does not seem to matter  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	5	-1	3	3	4	

<Author>Sheffieldexpats
<Content>First and last visit to this resort We just returned from 8 days and echo the comments from the two Florida couples. If you don't know French you will struggle to enjoy the Club Med Experience as you'll be hard pressed to find someone to translate - or someone who cares to translate. I'd also comment on the room temp - you can set the thermostat as low as you want but you'll never get below 76F. The rooms seem cooler during the day and sweltering hot at night. I'm not convinced they don't have the chillers set different at night. However, the rooms were clean and comfortable. If you run out of shampoo or soap it may take awhile to get a refill - took me 3 times of asking to get it. Pool huts - like the Florida couple commented.... you'll need to get out there early (before 0830) if you stand a chance on saving one. Otherwise you'll be in direct sun all day. My wife teased me that it was a man challenge to find the best hut for the day! I wanted to relax on vacation, not worry about getting a space to sit by the pool. Food - hit and miss. Nothing exciting here. Buffet gets old. If you're a Vegetarian you won't have much options. Our 5 year old enjoyed the pool and we tried Kids Club a few days. He enjoyed his day but struggled to fit in with the French kids. We live in London and are open to all cultures but after this trip I cannot help but have a negative view of the rude French. Next time we'll give another resort a try.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>1575
<Content>CM-Punta Canna needs a little work After a great remodeling a few years ago, Punta Cana is beginning to sag. Quite literally, the beds and seating in public areas is worn out.The exercise room is full of broken equipment and missing weights and the rough bottom of the swimming pool regularly sends people to the infirmary with bloody feet.One other thing - why doesn't club med keep songs with vulgar lyrics out of the family clubs. Lots of the music played in the village was rap or hop-hop that was --- this and --- that throughout. Not good for children.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>Greatmom
<Content>Disappointed I had just returned from the Punta Cana Club Med Resort and wanted to let any Americans that are considering booking a trip to this resort to learn French first.I will list the positives of the resort:We did relax and unwind which we desperately needed. Many activities for my 8 year old son.Had some great laughs, especially with the Club Clown.The weather was great. Very hot!!!Pool and beach beautiful. Needed to get up 7:30am to grab a hut by the pool. The negative:When we arrived to the village there wasn't a arrival crew welcoming us to the village. First time this happend since I was at two other locations. I do know when the French arrived there was a huge welcoming ceremony. I guess English was to hard for them. Our room was okay. Too small and had no dressers. The bathroom was a 2x4 and we had no balcony. Should of had the choice. There was also no couch to sit on, only a bed. All the bar activities were in french with no translation in English . So there was no way of participating. The drinks were something to be desired. Now lets talk about the food. Though there was an abundance, the variety is more geared toward the european clientele. The food was extremely bland. This cause a trip off the resort to Burger King. We were told that since the resort is at full capacity, that the food had to be mass produced which left the food tastless. The GO's were semi friendly and mostly talked and sat with the french, again coming from two other resorts, this was a first. When asking one of the GO's that was doing the exercise program to translate to English, she told us that french was easy to learn. Why would I want to learn french???? Was only there for 8 days. The music was horrible. Did the same routine every night, also in French. Though my 8 year old son enjoyed the kids club and wanted to go everyday, the night shows for the children were in French with no translation for the American children. The GO's were great with the kids and did put the Americans together. Not many of the American kids joined from what I learned. The one day the kids had off, my son wanted to play water polo with the other children who were French . They did not welcome him in the game, which left him upset and couldn't understand why they were mean and rude. I will definateley return to the DR, but not to Club Med. When talking with other peope at the airport and on the plane, they told us the other all-inclusive resorts were all American friendly. I will in fact return to the Sandpiper Resort in Florida.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>sambucaplay
<Content>Very Dissapointing! Glad to be home! Our family was extremely disappointed with this resort to the extent that we were never so happy to be home from a tropical island vacation as we were at the end of this vacation. From the moment we left the registration desk upon arriving to Club Med Punta Cana, to the moment we got on the bus leaving the resort, we never had a clue what was going on as French was the chosen language with no interpretting in any other language, not even Spanish, done for the other PAYING guests at the resort.We visited this resort a few years ago and were so impressed with it back then. Wow! How times have changed. Club Med really needs to apologize to their non-french speaking guests. We booked this trip viap hone with a club med agent who did not warn us that if we didn't know french, this was not the resort to visit. The GOs were semi-friendly but some were just plain rude and refused (even when asked) to interpret what they were saying in English. We were told on a few occasions to simply learn French. We did not spend our hard-earned money for a week vacation in the Dominican Republic to be told to learn French. Club Med gets a big 0 for customer service. There is no excuse for staff to speak to guests that way. Club Med should be ashamed of themselves. It was obvious that the European guests received preferential treatment. If you don speak French, all you hear day and night is blah blah blah blah blah. Exercise classes, shows, water aerobics, nightly bar entertainment was in french with no interpretting. Not one word was translated.If you want to experience the Dominican (Hispanola) culture, you won't find it in Club Med Punta Cana. The accommodations were clean but tiny. You need to shut the bathroom door in order to turn around in the bathroom (90 degrees). Very tight quarters. Our clothes were damp all week and if you don't have a balcony, you need to bring your bathing attire to the pool the next day (what you wore the day before) to dry it while you are lying in the sun. We had a storm one night and 3 other families, including ourselves, experienced puddles in our rooms from the windows. We wouldn't even want to think about what it would be like there during a tropical storm or hurricane. The grounds are impressive, however, this tropical resort has never heard of a ceiling fan. There was not one to be found in either dining room, bar area, lobby, exercise area or theatre. Be ready to sweat no matter where you go in this resort. And if you plan on brining International calling cards, forget it. The phones in your room will not accept calling cards so you are stuck paying for calls at Club Med's rate.They offer great activities but once again, everything was spoken in French so if you don't speak or understand french, why would you even bother. While there was a variety of food to choose from, it was very bland. We spent 30 dollars on a taxi to go to Burger King for dinner one night. That is pretty sad but it was so worth it.Overall, we did not enjoy this vacation and would not recommend it to anyone! There are better, less expensive, friendlier, all-inclusive resorts that make you feel welcome and satisfied.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	2	1	

<Author>carly&jordan
<Content>teenage girls' opinion okay, so most of the reviews posted here are from adults, but my sister (12) and i (15) decided to post a review. we thought it might be helpful for families with teenagers. here you go.... THE PLANE: our stay was from july 20th to july 27th. the plane ride wasnt that bad since were from the east coast. it was about 3 and 1/2 hours long, and they showed a movie to keep us entertanined. thank god. the air port was so cool! you get off out side and have to walk a small distance to the air port where two women dressed up take pictures with you. (you can buy the photos in the air port on the returning flight) then you have to hand in all that paper work and pay a ten dollar per person enrty fee to get into the country. stupid, right? the air port was not air conditioned, so it did get quite hot. getting the luggage took forever! once we got it all, you have to walk outside to get a taxi/bus. watever they call it. the people in the white, well you cant actually do anything about them, and we had so much luggage that we needed there help anyway. a few dollar tip was fine. the ride to club med was like not even ten minutes, and it was about $15. WE ARRIVED!: uppon our arrival, you check in and get fruity drinks at the desk =] everyone has to say there age to get their wrist bands. 13 and younger are yellow, which is like the kids clubs, and 14-17 is the ramp club. since i was getting the ramp red wrist band, my sister wanted to be with me so she said she was 14. hahah she got caught by our little brother..jordan!!! your not 14?! in the long run, she had no problem being with me. a golf cart took us to the room, and it was kinda of far away. ohhh well. dont feel bad when you first get there and have no idea what your doing or where you are. theres like a 6 o clock PM tour and you can get a feel for the place. as the trip goes on, you'll be more familiar to the place. i was so lost too, so dont fret.THE ROOM: we were five people all together, so we had two rooms right next to each other. they were pretty decent. the main room had like a full bed, and the room with the closing doors had 2 twin beds, with a tv. yes theres a mini fridge, decent closet with 5 cubbies and a hanging area. the porch was a good place to let clothes dry, because nothing drys in the room since its so humid. you needed a card to turn on the electricity and air conditioning, and the card stays in the little slot while your in the room, which is attached to your key. my dad learned a little trick from someone else on trip advisor. *find a thin peice of card board and stick it in the slot so your air runs all day, rather than waiting for your room to cool down.* the shower had mini soap, and microscopic amounts of body wash and shampoo. bring your own shampoo and conditioner. the blow drier, for its small size, works really well, so its unessesary to take your own. we hardly ever spent time in there, only for showering and sleeping, so the decent size was fine. ohh! dont leave food out! ants will get all over it. DRINKING WATER: your room comes with two big bottles of water that you can drink, but it tasted a little funny. my mom packed a suitcase of poland sping, so we used that for the week. you can drink the water in the pitcher on the table and in the fountains, just not from the sink or the shower!! THE BEACH: the beach was beautiful! there are palm trees every where! the area where you can swim never gets that deep, so small children will do just fine. my sister and i found the water extremely salty. bring your own floats! the boutique is sooooo overpriced that you dont want to spend 30 dollars on a dolphin. outside the boutique theres a little place for blowing up your rafts, so no need to huff and puff and get a head ache =P yes, to all you american boys out there, there are topless french women, and a good amount too. you mainly see them at the beach. my nine year old brother was completley grossed out, but he got over it. *bring tons of sunscreen! the sun is super strong! as we are writing this, our skin is peeling. we did the best we could to cover up and reapply, but still, the sun got through. ohh and there are really no mosquitoes, they spray for them. just a few flies in the food area, but hey, what can you do? its an island, right? theres a beach bar as well, where you can get snack food, like fruit, burgers, pizza, nachos, salad, french fires, ect. its opened when the restaurants are closed. you get one towel card per person and every night, my dad would trade in our dirty towels for clean ones. he would go out at 7 each morning and claim our chairs. they go pretty fast.THE POOL: the pool is humungous! its so nice! mid way, there is two water polo nets, and we had quite a few intense games. america vs. france. we won the first day, and on the rematch the next day, they got like a bunch of 18 yr olds to play, so it was unfair. they are not the best at good sportsmanship, no offense. and they do get a little rough. theres a low end and a deep end. the pool was never crowded, either. theres the main bar right by the pool, so you can get chex mix there and a bunch of drinks. THE CLUBS: okay, so the clubs werent as great as what we thought they would be. my sister, my brother and i were all in different age groups, so we couldnt really be together. that was all okay when we met friends though. we didnt meet them through the club, but just by the pool and volley ball and water polo. all the americans hang together, and all the french hang together. we found these two holland boys at dinner who werent french but they spoke english, so they hung with us so that was cool. in my brothers age group, he liked his club. hes 9, and found a few buddies. they did archery, trapeeze, water sports, play practice and everything. in my sisters age group, she is 12, they did lots of activites too, but her and i did our own thing. my age group was a joke! the ramp? are you kidding me? all the americans hated it. it was soooo stupid. i went once, and its a whole bunch of french who just hung out and listen to french rap. they dont even do any of the activities scheduled. i went with my sisters age group so i could actually do some acitivites, otherwise, you have to wait until later when its open for adults. THE RESTURAUNTS: there are two- semana and hispanola. semana is air conditioned, and hispanola is open and on the water. semana is the only one opened for breakfast. when we could, we would choose to eat at hispanola, because the view was gorgeous. yes, all the food was buffet style, but hey, i liked not having to wait for food, and i got to try everything. some nights the food is the same at semana and hispanola. other nights, one would have one type of food, like tex mex, while the other would have french. and the breads were sooo good! i liked the white chocolate bread and the dark chocolate bread =] during your meals, you may be accompanied by G.O.'s or even by other families. we met some friends by being seated at the same table.THE GO'S: the gos were great. they do everything from front desk work, to play with the babies. they are there to enetertain you and make your stay more enjoyable. my favorite was jeff, the canadian who worked at the roller balding area. he was really funny. you can never go anywhere without hearing an hola/ hello/ bonjour they were great, and i cant say enough about them!THE SHOWS: we tried to watch the shows a few nights, but most of them were soooo bad, and mainly in french. we like the circus one, though. it was really hot in the theater, but the dancing in the begining was really fun =] they do a kids show every wednesday, and my brother was in it. i heard it was really funny, but i missed it. my sister and i were hanging out with our friends instead. our parents let us stay out until 12-12:30. there are guards every where and the lights were always on so it was very safe.OVER ALL: over all we loved the trip sooo much. this was our first time going to a club med, our frist time leaving the US, and our first time doing an all inclusive vacation. our entire family loved it so much, that we might go back in december or in june, when theres less french, because the french get out of school mid july. this was the best vacation we ever had, and we would highly recomend it to a family with kids!-carly  jordan =]  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ElizabethAZ
<Content>Fabulous!       Last night with the Circus team  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place for family vacation Highly recommend Club Med Punta Cana for family vacation. Our family had a wonderful time.They have clubs for kids ages 2-18?.they have staff taking care of your kids, teaching them all activities, taking them to lunches and dinner and you don't have to worry about your kids at all?.the place is private, no other hotels around?highly secure?all the people you see are guests at the hotel, no one else?no street vendors, no nothing?.one thing, this is an international place, europeans and canadians love to visit here?.we met so many european people?.very well mannered, their kids well behaved?French women do go topless, so prepare the kids, but my hubby loves it there?!!!The beach is beautiful, white sandy, no waves at all, thanks to the coral reef out in the ocean?you can swim and see your feet!!! It's that clear!!!The food is wonderful?freshly squeezed orange juice every morninguffet is wonderful?., each night has different theme?.caribbean, mediterranean, asian, fish, mex-tex, spanish, pasta, ?you'll love it?they have all kinds of desserts, all sorts of fruits, a lots of variety. There are 2 restaurants, one with AC, one by the beach without AC. When theye closed, the snack is open, so everything is provided 24-hour/day!!!! The bar is all you can drink, you just have to pay extra for Champagne, everything else is inclusive?br/>The activities are plentiful, hours are 9-12 and 2-5, they close for lunch. You get lessons to do tennis, archery, sailing, wind surfing, snorkeling, volleyball, bocce ball, rollerblade, dancing, and circus.Other activities includes yoga, stretching, water aerobics, land aerobics, soccer, basketball, pingpong, trampolineNightly shows include circus, hip hop, kid show, Dominican, etc?. Theree nighly shows for kids at 8 pm and family shows (for all ages at 9:30).Excursions are only recommended if you want to see how the locals live (very poor, third word country), and are bored with all the activities. But theye a bit pricy ($120 per person), so we only went on 1 trip ?Dominican Colours (Tues  Thurs only, all day 9-6pm). It was a real lesson, they take you through highway, local towns, market, fisherman village, cigar factory, then change over to speed boat, go down the river, out to the ocean, got to see Michael Jackson house, and finish at a public beach to swimeach here is not as nice as Club Med, so we didn bother to swim.We booked early (6 mos early) and requested a Deluxe Garden view room, so we can be close to all the activities, which are all located by the main pool/reception area. We paid a little extra, but it was worth it. We stayed in the Colon bldg, on the 2nd floor, and it was ideal! We were close to everything, activities, food, pool, beach, bar, theater, etche 2 closest bldgs are the Colon and the Ovulando. The place is huge, so it best to book early, request a bldg close to all activities and on the 2nd floor. The first floor usually gets no view, not airy, and the 3rd floor is too much exercise as there are no elevators!The boutique is pricy too, as everything has to be brought in, so bring lots of basic things you mgiht need like, bugs spray, tylenol, suntan lotion, relief for sunburn (you'll need this)Another thing is this is the rainny season, so it rained sporadically while we were there, but only for 10 mins and stopped?.It rained for a a couple of times while we were there, but mostly at night?.did not affect our vacation one bit! Bottom line is you'll love this place?we did!!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bdubs39
<Content>Wow - what a vacation               More photos  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looks better on paper I was extremely disappointed at this resort to the extent that I wanted to leave a few days before my vacation was over. I have traveled a lot and been to other all inclusive resorts and this is the first time I'm disappointed. Let me give you the reasons why, I don even know where to start.1)When we arrived the front desk staff gave us our room that seemed very far on the map. I asked for a room that was not 1 mile away from everything but she was reluctant even though I was firm and persistent. They ignored my request and made it very difficult to get my room changed stating that there were no other rooms available that day. They kept telling me to come back the next day and the next day, until my vacation was over. Meanwhile we had to walk in the heat. I got a new blister every day. The rooms are far from everything so take good walking shoes and be ready to walk in the heat. 2) Our toilet flooded three times. By the third time I asked to speak with the manager and they offered to move us to another room. That never happened. We packed and got ready to move and even though we called the front desk several times, we never received a call back. We were left packed, waiting, and very upset. Since we were leaving the next day, I decided to just write a letter to the management team, who never responded (as expected). 3)The GOs were friendly but it was obvious that the European guests received preferential treatment. If you don speak French, you will have to take the second-best place because the French are the golden guests of Punta Cana. 4) If you want to experience the Dominican culture this is not the place for you but if you want to experience the French culture you will get your monies worth. I felt as if I was in France and not the Dominican Republic. I guess they saved me a trip to France. 5)They have great activities but they all happen at the same time so if you want to play tennis you can take the dancing lessons. You have to choose one or the other. 6)My biggest annoyance was the unfriendly French or Canadian GO who works at the Tour Desk. She was very unhelpful when we went to ask her for information about the tours. She had an attitude, not once but twice, and failed to tell us that there were no tours on the weekend so we missed our Santo Domingo Tour. Very unhelpful person who really needs to reconsider her profession. 7) The food was okay but not impressive. Overall, I did not enjoy myself and I don recommend it to anyone! There are better, less expensive, friendlier, all-inclusive resorts that make you feel welcome and satisfied.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great place for families My family (husband and 2 daughters, 2 and 4) just came back from our vacation at Club Med in Punta Cana. We loved it there, it is a resort that caters to families. I don't see it as a honeymoon kind of place. We encountered mostly families and many that we met had been to other Club Med locations, but chose to return to Punta Cana. I can see why.  When you get to the resort, you are graciously greeted by several GOs with fruit punch and salsa music. This is great because arriving at the airport in Punta Cana requires a great deal of patience as they are disorganized and you have to wait on long lines to get a tourist card and pass through customs. Not a great start, but when you get to the resort, you forget about it. The room is not a palace, but it is a comfortable place to stay, nicer if you have a terrace or balcony. We did have a visit from a lizard that my husband had to scoot out of the room, but we found that to be funny rather than frightening. Let's face it, you're only in your room to shower and sleep. Our kids loved that they could watch the Disney Channel in their room before breakfast ( 2 futons, with a sliding pocket door). They loved it and slept comforably there at naptime and at night. No tubs, but if you have small kids, they'll adjust to the shower.The GOs at the resort are always nice, and greet you each day and always have a smile. We saw the Chief of the Village walking around the resort and greeting guests every day that we were there, from the pool, to the restaurants to the beach. We sat with GOs at dinner and enjoyed learning where they were from and why they chose to work at the resort. If your children participate in the Mini Club, the GOs will greet your children by name wherever they see you. The Mini Club is great, we only put our kids in for short periods twice during our stay. They preferred to stay with us, but when they were there, they met friends and did cool things. While checking on our oldest daughter, we saw her group with a bird trainer showing the kids tropical birds. She rode a donkey at an afternoon kids snack/show and enjoyed that too. We saw kids hugging the GOs whenever they bumped into them as they cater to the kids. Being that some of the GOs are from other countries, their English is not perfect, but there is always someone else who will step in if needed to help communicate. We did not see this as a problem as some may have said. Of course, some kids may have separation anxiety and may not like it, but that is to be expected. Whe the kids were asleep, my husband found a basketball tournament to occupy him. There were salsa lessons on the beach, circus training near the restaurant and other cool things to do or to see, never a dull moment.Yes, there are a lot of French, and yes, not all of them are friendly, but frankly, who cares. You are in another country, so if you are American, expect that English is a second language. French and Spanish are the dominant languages. You are often seated with other families at mealtimes, you can have a connection with some of them, and sometimes, you may sit in silence, not a big deal. Whenever you enter the restaurant for breakfast, there is fresh-squeezed orange juice available, and it's great. Lots of variety of food, but it is buffet style at each meal. That may appeal to some and not others, but when you travel with small kids to another country, you will always find something to please them and that was more important to us. Hispaniola is the restaurant overlooking the ocean, we favored this one, but breakfast is served at La Semana which is near the main lobby. Our daughter turned 2 while we were there. If you tell reception, they will have a chef bake a cake and at dinner, all of the GOs will have a procession with the cake around the restaurant and sing happy birthday. She loved it, it was great.The pool is warm, but it is about 90 degrees with a high heat index. We preferred the beach, beautiful, tranquil and convenient. We had no problem finding a spot at either place. Know that there are Europeans and some Americans who sunbathe topless at the beach, whether or not they should is questionable, but again, not a big deal if you look away. It is so beautiful there, that you forget.There are tons of activities for families. For the kids, there are shows and activities in the afternoons and evenings with the GOs. Our kids loved to dance at the show as all of the GOs get the crowds going with music. There is a kid show each night followed by a family show a little later. The kids' camp puts on a show one night each week and you can see what the kids are doing when they are at the camp. Music is everywhere all the time. Being all inclusive, there are plenty of places to have a drink and relax somewhere on the beach. We felt safe as there were security guards are posted around the resort, particularly near the rooms. If you have small children or a pre-schooler, have a stroller handy as there is plenty of walking. We loved it as the grounds are colorful and the scenery is beautiful. Our littlest one preferred walking as well.Bring lots of sunblock, the sun is strong and to buy one at the store is pricy. Have a hat for the little ones and mosquito repellant as the night is when they are out in full force. We saw them spray the grounds for mosquitoes, so if you bring spray, you should be fine. If you are looking for a family vacation in the Caribbean that is all-inclusive you can't beat it. It was a great cultural experience and we'd like to go back soon with our extended family. Our kids loved it, we loved it, defintely recommend.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Vacation for family Don't Miss Out Just returned from an 8 day stay in Club Med Punta Cana and can't say enough good thingd about it.The GO staff was amazing. Friendly, full of energy and most of all made my 6 year old and 9 year old love going to the mini club every day. The food was fresh and always a great variety. The resort is organized well with alll the important things centrally located. The pool, bar and beach are close by.Activities went on all day, fitness classes, pool games and so on. The nightly shows were a lot of fun too. We will be returning again next year.If any advice at all, bring bug spray. Some people were getting mosquito bites. (Not too bad)Bring a lttle bag for your child if going to the mini club, they need to bring sneakers, lotion and a hat to the club.Bring white t-shirts so they can tie-dye at the club. The gift shop wil sell them for $10If you want bring your own water floats and blow them up at the gift shop. Or, you can buy them for a hefty price.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pluses and Minuses Just got back today from Club Med Punta Cana amd have pluses and minuses.1) If you are sensitive to the heat and want a certain amount of A/C comfort, DO NOT go here!!! First two rooms we had could not get any cooler than 75-76 F. Switched second day and two new rooms, one at best was 76 and the other a slight improvment at 74. Switched the THIRD time (with 4 kids; packing and unpacking 3 times in three days) and FINALLY got two rooms with working A/C's. (Rms. 274 and 275; both able to hit 68-69 F) and belive me, there are no other places to escape the heat than your rooms. We are in the process of trying to get some kind of refund or credit from Club Med to compensate us for all the inconvenience of the packing/unpacking/moving that occupied most of our first three days there.2) Restaurants are primarily Open Air BIG Tiki huts and if there is no or little ocean breeze, it is always muggy and warm. The reception area is the same with no where to escape the heat.3) The shows that they have every night at 9:30 pm are a contest to see how long and how much you can sweat before you have to go running out of there. No fans or ventilation, the theater temp can easily reach 85-88 F.4) The RAMP Teen club is THE MOST mis-represented thing on the island. For starters, it is only open from 11:30 am to 5:30 pm and at night, your 14-17 year olders only have the ADULT beach front disco to go to. Although they say that the minors do not get any alchoholic drinks, my three teeneagers (16,15 and 14) ALL got drinks from the GO's (STAFF MEMBERS) who work there, and a few 16 yo girls got so drunk that they passed out at the disco, so WATCH YOUR KIDS VERY CLOSELY. Also, what is dangerous about the club is that there are quite a few local Dominican's in there 20's and 30's hanging out there, too, and they are much more aggressive with the teens and my two daughters were harrassed on several occasions by them to the point where they had to get security involved. They were also followed around the resort several times and were scared to the point of running back to our rooms on two occasionas at night.5) Food is 3+/5. Big variety but mostly tasteless and it is the first buffet all you can eat vacation that we went on where my wife and I actually lost 2-3 pounds each. Everything is either burning hot or luke warm including the fruits and deserts. It's very disappointing to get a great looking piece of strawberry cheesecake and take a bite and it is room temp or warmer. We started to take plates of fruit and deserts to go and put them in our room fridges and come back and eat them at 12-1 am and finally have cold fruit and deserts.Again, if you are heat sensitive, DO NOT GO. Beach is beautiful as well as the pool area and the main pool bar staff is great. Just watch your teenagers and don't get lulled into a false sense of security. The place has potential for a disaster to happen if you don't watch them very closely. Also, don't let the staff tell you that there is nothing they can do about your A/C if it doesn't work right. We heard from at least 10-15 other couples about there A/C problems and that they were all told there was nothing that could be done. That's BS!!! You just need to be persistent and be willing to move several times until you get it right. They also need to install a library or common room that has a GREAT A/C so there is at least one place you can go to get a little reprieve from the heat.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Dragonfly2
<Content>Wonderful Resort       Sailboats  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gcoke
<Content>Excellent Wow!!! Just returned from a week in June from Club Med Punta Cana with a 15,12 and 9 year old. The kids say it was the best vacation the ever had, and we travel a lot. We dropped our younger kids off at 9 or 9:30 am and they spent the whole day with the kids club. We picked them up at 5:30pm to get ready for Dinner and then they ate with their kids clubs and we didnt see them till after the Adult show, which was about 10:30. The GO's Matthew, Patrei, Kiki were great. My teenager spent his day with the kids from THE Ramp. The Ramp (skatepark) was actually closed, but the kids were able to hang out their anyway.When we arrived we were placed in a building that was far from reception. After two days of walking around, we asked the desk if we could move our rooms, we ended up in the Ovlando building, (second closest) with no extra charge. A word to the wise, beware the excursion desk. We booked the Mantai Park trip with them and realized we were charged double on the entrance fee. If you were to drive or cab yourself to the aquarium, the price would be $65 USD to enter the park and swim with the dolphin for about 5-7 minutes. The hotel charged us a lot of money for transportation and also an extrance fee to Manati park. The bottom line, look at the prices, you can take a cab their for about $60 USD RT and stay longer than the excursion. We eventually got our money back for the overage from club med. Also we wanted to take a trip to BAVARO SHOPPING. I think for the 5 of us it was about $100 USD RT threw the excursion desk. We decided to take a cab to shop, and it was $60 USD and the driver waited for us while we shopped. The grounds were beautiful and so was the beach and pool. If you are intereasted in sailing or windsurfing, you have to be down at the hut by 9am to sign up for a class that quickly filled up and starts at 10a. I suggest you do this early in your trip because it was too windy two days to give a lesson. The food was good breakfast and luch were the same everyday, but a lot to choose from. The dinners were great, a different theme cuisene every night. They dont have a dress codes, but they say something like Tonight is Black and White, or White and Jeans. etc. It doesnt matter if you follow the code or not. I think there was a formal night, but once again if you didnt pack anything to wear, it doesnt matter.The Beach Disco can be fun, depending on the croud. There were a few theme nights at the Disco, which I will leave you to discover on your own.You may want to bring a power strip, they do supply a hair dryer, but my wife also brought her's and a few other things that needed to be plugged in. If I remember correctly, there is not a US outlet in the bathroom, but there are a few scattered around the room.The gift shop is terriably over priced, so dont forget your necesities. My son had to vist the Club Med doctor for $75 USD because of a ear infection and then another $30 for medicine. The kids loved the Circus School and Archary.Only a 10 minute $10 USD cab ride from the airport to the Club. Be Sure to have some singles for the cabby and a few other guys along the way. There was a ATM at the club, but it did not work all week. Also there is WIFI in the lobby, but you have to pay for it.We all had a great time and would recommend this resort to anyone with kids of all ages. We will return again.If you have any questions please email. We were there June 10th-17th 2006  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pulchritude
<Content>Fabulous Fun       View from my beach chair  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DPSandDots
<Content>Fabulous Family Fun We returned last week from a 7 day stay at Club med Punta Cana. My wife and I had been there 20 years ago in Dec '86 and I originally said no way, lets try something new plus I felt that since the northeast was so mild now it made no sense to go to the DomRep in late May. Wrong, this was an ideal getaway during low season, with low rates and the place had changed a lot. We traveled with 3 kids, 11, 9 (girls) and a nearly 3 year old son. You really do not get much feeling of what country you are in and thats fine, its Club Med, if you want to tour and see the culture, stay somewhere else. Our kids loved every day and every nite, the girls had their own room (suite) next to ours with the little one, not adjoining, but we got used to it. The room keys should be upgraded to the way US hotels do it now with cards or even use of the wrist bands that Club Med ties on, since it is really easy to lose these old style hotel keys, but it is what it is. Other than that, and the poor choice of concrete at the pool which gives off serious heat requiring sandals from 8-6pm, and the lack of a bridge (removed due to drunk dude falling off  a lawsuit, is the story), there is absolutely nothing negative to say, and we will definitely go back. Here are the highlights for us. All the G.O.'s, plus Sebe running Mini Club Med so well and Abdel the GM to beat all GMs. That team is awesome. Indeed as another reviewer said, Abdel walks the walk all day and all night, the guy never sleeps, and Sebe is amazing with the kids. We missed him on his 1 day off, ,and in fact, anytime a GO had a day off we missed them. These GO's love kids, period. Most are French, some are Haitian, and they are energized and focused on watching out for and playing with the kids. The shows alternated each nite by the GOs and you could feel they enjoyed the singing and dancing as much as the GM guests. The kid shows by the GOs were cute, some very funny, and ran from like 845 to 915 or 930. The day actvities were broad, and the older kids always had options, if even one in a group wanted to do something that the others did not, tennis vs archery vs snorkeling or roller blading, or arts and crafts or music hip hop lessons or swim, or trapeze, yeah flying 20 feet in the air over nets, etc then the GOs worked it out amongst themselves to try to get the kid to that activity at some point during the day if they could.Dropping the kids off and taking out was smooth. My 3 year old spent a few hours in/out of the petit club and he did not nap from 1-3 after lunch, he was with us; most seemed to nap at that age in the air conditioned modern kids club rooms. At nite, there was an option to have one of the GO's babysit (familiar face) and we took that option one night for like $30, 8-1am I recall was the window if we wanted it. The 11 year old was free to sign herself in/out during the day with notice to the GO's in her age group, the 9 yr old mostly had us sign her in/out. Some parents dropped their kids off at 830 and did not see their kids again until dinner or later. We thought that was crazy, and we took advantage of the in/out/in/out type arrangement. It was easy to find the groups after a day or two of the simple posted schedules and figuring out the options for the older kids. Also, you could literally hear the GOs shouting, singing and playing as they marched the kids around the campus during the day. I often found myself unwittingly singing along with their goofy songs.The adult activities were good, if you wanted to sit at the beach and read, there was never a crowd or need to save a lounge chair, and the beach bar was always open. The beach restaurant shuld have been open earlier than 3pm but it was open till late, and when it was open, it was a good afternoon source of quick food. Obviously there was no charge for any food or any drink at Club Med, except candy in the store. If you want a shot of Bombay Safire, its yours. Topless bathers were about 50-50 on the beach, with about 10% at the pool. Water aerobics, beach aerobics, tennis tourneys, boating, circus, salsa lessons, massages, etc were readily available. But this place is not really about the adults, this place is for the kids to have fun, and the adults to blend quality family time with moments to unwind or play. My wife and I found a few hours each day that we could chill, and recharge, but we took advantage of private time with each kid and together, dining and swimming with them, and dancing with them at nite, as that was encouraged always. The nite club is really a dance floor at the beach and it was usually a blast. The GO's shows were easy entertainment from about 930 to 1030, and Karoake at the bar with all sorts of GO-GM line dancing made the nights go smoothly. Some of GOs were really talented dancers or singers, but they all loved hanging and eating with the guests. This resort is pretty, very peaceful, and calm from like 1030 on. The pool is long right next to the beach and the centerpiece between the kids club (with its own pool) and one restaurant at one end, and the other restaurant/teenager-circus rap camp and boating section on the other end. The meals alternate between the two restaurants. The suites were fine, one small tv with the usual basic cable channels that we hardly watched, good housekeeping daily, clean except that given the humidity, there were some tiny harmless ants on the sink. The front staff were really nice to us and gave us essentially the second suite for almost nothing as it was low occupancy. There is wifi in the lobby (open air) if you have a laptop, we chose to leave it at home, and simple e mail access for a $.25 a minute if you want at their terminals. The food was fine, great fruit, breads and local caught fish; basic staples always available, decent chicken, beef, pasta and desserts- nothing memorable, but fine. Cheap dry free wine if you want it, and theme nights that added variety. Not sure about the excursions, though they seemed way overpriced, and really no commercial activity other than a few lobby vendors who never bother you; no one selling anything at the beach which was cool and a big change from 20 years ago. The grounds, water and sand were clean. Excellent staffing, Abdel had then going at 6-7am raking and cleaning and cutting the grass and walkways, and every nite the beach was cleaned. Americans were in the real minority here, english speaking vs french,like a 1:5 ratio, but every GO speaks english, many speak spanish too, and the restaurant and other staff speak spanish and basic english. One quick story that summarizes the place. It was a joint mom-daughter birthday one nite midweek for us and the GO's knew it. About 30 came over at dinner and serenaded us, then led us out of the hall to dance at the pool bar, presented gifts and more singing, then again celebrated with us at the beach late nite, dancing and making sure all was well. It was the GO's who wanted nothing more than to hang out with the GM's and that was neat.The airport was literally 90 seconds van ride away, and the GOs followed us all the way thru check in to make sure we were fine. Definitely fly non-stop to Punta Cana, 3:15 from Newark. Great family place.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelingshow
<Content>Excellent across the board This was a return visit for us. We returned because of the abundance of sporting activities available such as sailing, windsurfing, kayaking, tennis and more all included in your package. Runners can also runs loops around the property (approx. 2.5 km loop). Food is excellent and healthy, rooms are good and clean, staff is exceptionally pleasant and courteous; you are treated as a friend. Chef de Village Abdel is most attentive to guests; he might talk to every guest 2 or 3 times/day (he walks the beach and the dining rooms talking to guests) so no need for customer surveys here. You can express your pleasure or problem directly to the top guy who will deal with it immediately. Women who attend fitness classes are well served with many free classes in a large palapa directly on the beach - incredible setting! Location is also just 10 minutes from the airport so access is quick. From Montreal, we left at 7am and were on the beach at noon. Only little blip.... beach is good but the water has many weedy sections. This was probably more of a factor for me since I swam up and down the length of the beach regularly and had to go around certain sections. However for simple water play, no problema!Crowd is mostly European (lots of French and Italians) with some latins from Venezuela and Brasil. Pretty sophisticated crowd. Not many Americans. Lot of very fit people and women dressed to kill at night. Encourages one to work out and eat sensibly.... which is what we went there for. Many GOs are very talented as seen in the many evening shows they put on. Some performances are rather professional and all are surprisingly good for amateurs.Highly recommentded.Guy and Francine  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Family Fun Club Med Punta Cana was a great place for a family vacation. I've travelled quite a bit in US, Europe and the Carribean. I've stayed in everything from canvas tents to 5-star hotels.This place was exactly what we needed. We are a family of 4, including a rambunctious 2 and a half year old, and an engaging nearly 7 year old. We, the parents, needed a vacation that would allow us family time as well as couple and individual time. We got it here.The Petit Club and the Mini Club would take our children from 9am to 5:30pm and then again from 7pm - 9pm, had we so desired. They also offer siesta club, (approx $35) which takes them from 8pm to 1am. (we did this one night and met some new friends at the bar for conversation and cocktails - after the dancing moved to the other bar).The Petit and Mini Clubs are not just daycare'. My 2 year old did arts and crafts, went on treasure hunts and had 1-1 swim time with a G.O (their word for the staff).;The 6 year old had a choice of 2 activities each hour. He chose archery, swimming, sailing, kayaking, and even once did the trapeze! He forwent tennis and rollerblading.I did yoga, dance classes, swimming, lots of lounging, and even once tried the trapeze (it's really really hard, not terribly scary, and I can't wait to go back and try it again!).Husband also swam and lounged, and tried his hand at sailing again.We had plenty of fun as a family in the big pool, which goes from about 15 inches deep to about 4 and 1/2. Just deep enough!We used Sunscreen of 30, 40 and 45, kept in the shade during peak hours and other than a slight pinking of my older son's cheeks, no sunburns.The food was great. It's all buffet style, but don't let that turn your thoughts to high school cafeterias. It was REALLY good. Breakfast was the same every day - EVERYTHING under the sun: eggs to order, pancakes, french toast, crepes, cereals, fruit, yogurt, cheeses, cold cuts, breads, breads and more breads, juices, coffee (good coffee, no cream, though), grits, various breakfast meats (bacon, sausage)....etc.Lunch and dinner always included: hamburgers, hotdogs, chicken nuggets, spaghetti, french fries, steamed veggies, potatoes (baked, mashed, lyonnaise) and FANTASTIC fritters (zucchini, eggplant, coconut). There were various lettuces, veggies, and meats for salads, as well as prepared salads. All the ingredients for every dressing could be found. There was a cheese station, a dessert station, an icecream machine, a bread station (lots of yummy breads) and a special station that was different each day. There was a fish offering, a chicken offering and a local offering, along with rice, and more veggies. Each night there were special offerings: Ribs, roast Turkey, Roast Beef, Beef Wellington, Lobster (spiny, not maine).Some nights had a theme....Oriental, Italian, Mediterranean (Eastern and southern), Local, Elegant. One restaurant does breakfast, one does lunch and dinner rotates between them. We preferred the one on the water for the views.But enough about food. The bar was well stocked, the bartenders friendly, and there was never a line.Get to the pool by 9:30a (off season) if you want a chaise in the shade.Sign up at 8:30 for Massage by the beach later in the day...that was fantastic! Do the 50 minute, not the 25!Pack clothes that are 100% cotton because it's hot and humid (or was when we were there). Pack comfy shoes/sandals, because depending on where your room is you could be doing a LOT of walking.Buy cheap pool floats at home and leave them there. It will save you the $20+ to buy the ones they offer!If you go shopping outside of Club Med, or even at the vendors just outside the gift shop, don't forget to BARGAIN. NEVER accept the price they give you. We did not take advantage of the hut on the beach for toddlers. Covered and cool, it's a great place for sand play. Just thought I'd mention it.Do NOT pack a stroller. They will loan you one.Bring your conditioner. They give you soap, shampoo, and a blow drier.Oh, and everyone we talked to said that, like us, they did not have a tub in their room, just a shower. My 2 year old was not thrilled, but he survived.The only other negative was that the beds were not spring mattresses, but rather foam. It was good quality, I just took a day to get used to it.We're planning a trip back next year. We'll be hopefully bringing others with us, and reuning with some of the folks we met there (Hi Sherri, Alex, Seth and Caleb).  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>suezqrdh
<Content>Excellent family vacation Wow. Went to Club Med in Punta Cana the first week of April with high expectations and were very satisfied. We had no problems with water food or the place in general. I walked the beach every morning for exercize and was amazed at the work done on the resort. Someones earlier posting said a machine raked the beach- that machine was the crew of workers who worked every morning around 645 am I saw them and the security guards. They all were polite with a nice hola as they were cleaning up the beach and beach chairs and common areas. They were painting, cleaning the pool, cutting the palm frans etc. The food was great and the go's were super friendly!!! We asked for a cable to move the tv out of our child bedroom and were instantly accommodated. Our room was a walk, but needed with the amount of good food you eat!! The chocolate bread was amazing-I am surprised I didnt gain alot of wieght!!!Lots of great choices for children too!! The pool was awesome huge with great areas for children.The mini club for kids was great-the staff were super with kids!!Transfers were simple as the resort is a few minutes from the airport.As far as the french go we were polite and so were they!! There are some rude french and some rude americans so those people probably didnt have as much fun as we did. Our child still knows many french phrases and we were glad to experience different culture. Topless on the beach/pool? Who cares? The kids didnt even notice -teens might have issues as americans are uptight about breasts any way. It was our first but not our last Club Med experience. I will and have reccommended it to anyone with children.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>urbannomad
<Content>No Brainer Chioce for families This is by far the best Club Med experience that I had.Club Med has achieved nirvana in the field of all inclusive resorts. If you have the kids up to age 17, this is the place to go. The Mini Club was excellent, my 4.5 year old had a blast. I would also like to thank GPDesign for the tips that he has given to me before I leave. Food and the open bar was great. I had great quality time with my wife as my child was taken great care of from 8:45 am till the evening. The Tennis program was also good, the GOs were fantastic. There were no flies, insects around, the room was great and there was plenty of potable water all around.I highly recommend this place for families..  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation!!!! I was at the club with my husband and 3.11 year old twin boys. Because they were almost four they let them go into the 4-5 age group at the mini club. This club totally caters to families, with all the children being the guests of honour at the club. The kids couldn't walk very far without some GO giving them a high five or a joke. The mini club was great and kept my kids active. At first they were a bit hesitant to go, but by the next day they knew what to expect and enjoyed their time there. We pulled them out every day to swim and have lunch with us. Once the kids had dinner with them so my husband and I were able to have a quiet meal/date. With the kids being in the club, my husband and I got to spend quality time together (sailing, snorkling, etc) and time to do the things we each loved, ie - I loved the CRUNCH classes overlooking the beautiful beach. The rooms were adequate, but we didn't spend any time there - you are paying for the activity outside the room. We had such a good time, we wouldn't hesitate to go back - it was a perfect way to spend a vacation with the kids.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jbwolf
<Content>Had a great time This was my first time to a family club as i had been to several as a single and we had a great timeThe rooms were very nice acutually better than I has expected from some of the reviews. We were in Ovandio which is the second closest to the pool etc but we were right across from the mini club which was convenient. The rooms were split into to with 2 day beds in 1 parts and a king in the other.The only thing I thought could be improved was the space for the clothes. There was a big closet with safe and plenty of room to hang things but there were only cubbies and no drawers. If they put a chest somewhere or built it into the closet it would be better.The food was good not great but adequate enough and with enough choices to please anyone. I think if you are expecting more than you will be disappointed but since I had been to Club Med before I know what was coming. the breads and pastries are to die for.I liked the all inclusive drinks now and you definitley can get a good drink served. Just ask for a specific brand of liquor. Bartenders were all nice. Activities were fair. They seemed to speak mostly in French first so its a disadvantage to the English speaking people. There are alot of people from France, Canada and other parts of Europe which is nice for the diversity but sometimes hard to converse.Pool was great for kids although it needs to be resurfaced at the bottom as alot of kids were getting cuts on there feet.Mini club was fun for my son but at times seemed a bit overcrowded. GO's were goodI will definitlely return as the weather was fantastic, beach was great and it was a relaxing vacation.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>for those with allergies Just got back from CM and wanted to let those with severe allergies know that they are very flexible there and it was easy to know what to eat and what not to eat. There were many people there with problems and none that I know of had any issues. The Chef's were willing to help with anything. Be patient, language can be a problem so listen carefully and speak slowly. My daughter has a servere peanut allergy and I was quite nervous about going. Once we got there it was easy to get her food. They do have peanut butter out at breakfast and lunch but it is in a specific area. There is a Chinese dinner one night that has nuts but go to Hispanola restaruant instead to avoid it. There is a walnut bread out at each meal (she did not eat any breads, just in case) and a lot of their desserts have almonds. She was able to have the soft ice cream so that was her dessert at each meal. Other than that, they do not use nut oils to cook and everything is well managed as far as cross-contamination. Just ask before you eat!Rooms are nice, clean, grounds are beautiful. Not much to do if it rains so bring a good book just in case. GO's were very nice my children loved Pepe (the animation director) his daily outfit surpirses kept them laughing. Thanks to Jossie in reception who did everything to ensure our stay was enjoyable. Dealing with a party of nine is not always easy. Also to Brian, the girls wanted to say goodbye (ended up saying goodbye to your brother Kevin thinking it was you) Have a great time in Montreal and good luck with Cirque du Soleil thanks for the daily water aerobics classes they made us feel better about over eating. Circus guys were very patient, my brother loved the trapeze and juggling lessons.All in all a good trip.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We will be back! It is exactly one month since our trip and I am actually feeling a little guilty that I have taken so long to say thanks to the staff and management of the resort for their professionalism and energy (I assume that they read these reports). My wife, ten year old daughter, and fourteen year old son make a point of trying to escape Ottawa, Canada each winter for warmer climes, and this year was no exception. However this was the first time that we considered going to a Club Med resort. I can honestly say that this was the best family vacation that we ever had and the reason is very simple. There was something for everyone.Food: Yeh it is buffet style, but how else could you possibly serve 1500+ people breakfast, lunch and dinner every day. Oh yeh, did I mention that it was excellent. Entertainment: The adult's entertainment mainly cosisted of relaxing and enjoying the company of the other guests. For the sporty types there was plenty to keep them occupied; windsurfing, tennis, sailing, archery, snorkling were just some of the complimentary distractions. There were also nightly entertainment which just added to the positive experience.The bottom line is that our kids have already begun sucking up so that we can return next year. Nuf said! I am expecting good report cards.Secure: Yes! Security gaurds, room safes and security cameras.The beach was large clean and actually had two parts, one seemed to cater more to adults with more topless ladies. Get over it boys, after the second day I had climatized to the situation. If it was not so cold in Canada, I am sure it would be popular here as well. I think the thing that surprised me the most was that the diversity of the visitors and how well everyone played together. The UN could learn a lesson from Club Med. To my new friends in Vancouver and Paris (you know who you are). A la prochaine/until next year.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>squirrel33
<Content>Fabulous. I love Club Med. It's like a fabulous international dinner party every night. With the kids too! We kept them for Dinner (you can put them in a mini club dinner) but they were fine, and loved meeting kids from around the world. We had wine at breakfast, lunch, and dinner, yet I never saw anyone drunk. The food was great, and even if you didn't think so, there is a chef standing by with hundreds of ingredients ready to make you anything you want. I honestly don't know how anyone can complain. This CM was mostly families with kids. 60% Euro, 20% USA, 20% Canada. Not a problem at all. I found many Parisians willing to discuss the Franco American relationship, and many extended their English for my poor French. Meet some Dominican people. Especially if you speak Spanish. They're ridiculously funny and nice. I met many originally from Haiti, so it was interesting to discuss history with them. Most Americans were East Coast. No surprise there.Like any dinner party, you have an obligation to come to the table and be if not interesting, then interested. If you can't muster that at least once a day, then pick a resort that requires less of you, because this is a social scene. Bring some nice clothes. CM insists that it's casual, but people do dress up. Even kids were dressed for dinner on most nights. Not fancy, just smart and clean. Abdel, the Chef du Village, is by far the best director I've met at any club med. He's ever-present, always knows your name, and is great with the kids. What an asset he is to the club. His co-director, Barq, was so cool too. If you go, these guys are awesome and will completely see to it that you're taken care of.The Mini club couldn't have been better with the kids. For 2-4 yrs it is one on one. For 4 and up it was a group of 8 kids with two GO's. Both my kids loved it.I would go back if with my extended family. It is a large resort, and it was full for my two week stay. I found it a bit crowded for my taste. (I was supposed to go to CM Caravelle, and they re-routed us due to resort makeover there) Of course I don't like malls or sports due to crowds, so It's an individual thing. I think the resort has 500 units. You could always find a quiet place, but never at the pool or the main beach. No big deal.If you like meeting people from everywhere, and want the kids to see that, this is your place. Circus school, dance classes, cabaret shows every night, the whole scene...it's something you'll never forget.Love to all the G.O.'s, Ciao Tomaso  Sonia, Guttentag, Claude and Family, and Hey to Peter and Allison. You were all fun.Denisha  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spring Break! Just a quick note to pass along major kudos to the staff and management of Club Med Punta Cana. Our family (mom, dad and daughters (11  15) from Chicago had a great week. At the Airport, once you get your luggage, you really do not need a porter to go the 100 ft to the transporation area. Many GO's on site to wisk club med patrons to waiting vans. 10 min ride from airport. Traditional arrival scene (Fruit drinks, singing and smiling faces) very good experience after long day traveling. When making reservations, ask for a room as close to the main building and pool as possible. Some buildings are a long walk from everything but the beach. Beds better than Ixtapa club med (soft). Rooms clean, bright and utilitarian. Food was better than expected. Many culinary choices, healthy selections, and good presentations. Bring you own wine if you can. Free wine with meals is.....free. GO's great. Kids activities fun. A few of the Scuba team members appear to be 70's refugees. Topless bathers at beach and pool area easy to get used to. Single female visitors do well with the local men in the bar after the shows. Beach side excercise and kickboxing classes were great. No complaints. Good value. Definately will return. Go and enjoy!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Punta Cana Review       Beach and Trees  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>inkmainline
<Content>Great Time! Exception was SCUBA ARRIVAL:The Punta Cana airport can be a hassle, especially if you arrive in the rain. Exit onto the tarmack and walk 100 yards to the open air pavillion. I recommend carry on luggage with wheels. Wait in a line while each visitor is photographed with two ladies in costume--a bottleneck.(We suspect this is both a security operation as well as a money making venture. Stop by the kiosk on your way home if you want a copy of the photo mailed to you.) If your package didn't include it, purchase your $10 tourist visa at the central counters before reaching customs to save time. Ours didn't, but we knew to look for it. We chose to take a taxi rather than wait for the resort bus to load us. It cost us $10 for four with luggage. No haggling. No problem, and much quicker and easier than the bus IMO. The porters trying to carry bags quickly left us alone when we said, No Gracias. We arrived early, before our room was ready, but they gave us our bracelets and sent us to the snack bar for lunch and refreshments on the beach as the other restaurants were closed. Very easy and pleasant.ACCOMODATIONS:We were in building Phuket near Hispaniola restaurant and the mini club. Its a longer walk to the center of the village from this location, but it's a lovely stroll along paved paths through well manicured and lush surroundings, so I didn't mind. Also, it's far enough away from the pool and largest bar so that it's quiet. The beat of the music and people milling about until early morning is enough to make me avoid buildings that are closer. Our suite/room was clean and nice, but we didn't spend much time there other than to change and sleep. Two adults and two teens had plenty of space. The toilet and shower/vanity are in two seperate rooms. There is a long entry hall, a very large walk-in closet with cubbies for clothes and hanging space. Also a mini-frig if you want to keep goodies for night snacks or your water bottles cold. A king bed is in the main room, with a significant living area containing two day beds and a small TV with plenty of channels. This can be closed off from the master bed by sliding doors. Soap and shampoo provided, no conditioner or lotion so BYO. Blow-dryer in room and coffee maker. Four large bottles of water provided each day. We never used it all. Many water fountains all around the village to refill bottles. Don't drink the water in the rooms--we were advised it's not filtered and tastes a bit brackish, hence the bottles. Lock boxes with self-code in each room for valuables.BEACH:Very nice beach. A Dominican native on our flight said Punta Cana has the prettiest beaches in all of DR. The coral rock (some describe as concrete) shows through the sand in the area closest to the Hispaniola restaurant, but that was my favorite spot because of the number of shady palms and the fact it was close to our room, lunch, and not as crowded. Still plenty of sand. Most of the French women while we were there sunbathed topless on the beach, and a few at the pool. All body types, all ages. Many with their children and husbands there. I was surprised at the number of Americans who didn't realise this was a reality among French families. Our two teen boys (12  14) were told ahead of time and it wasn't a big issue for us, but be warned. Sunscreen is a must, even on cloudy days. Very intense.ACTIVITIES:The adults were pretty laid back. We took Latin dancing and enjoyed it, windsurfed, swam, played petanque, tennis lesson, archery, but mostly enjoyed lazing on the beach reading. Our boys took advantage of the clubs. 12yo did the 11-13 mini club, though initially skeptical and wanted to go with his older brother. I'm glad we made him try his own group first. It was much more fun for him with structured activites that he enjoyed and he made many friends. Our teen liked the RAMP a lot (14-17 group.) That group does more hanging out and chatting in the Coke sponsored RAMP teen club building, with a GO suggesting various activities rather than making them do things. 14yo tried Merengue lessons and enjoyed Latin dancing with the girls in his group. He did the trapeze and tramps, beach volleyball, basketball, petanque, swimming, archery, and a catamaran ride around the island. He liked eating lunch and dinner with his friends and we barely saw him. Both sons were in heaven and say they'd go back in a heartbeat. They liked meeting kids from other countries, and found the experience very positive.The fitness pavillion on the beach looked great, especially the idea of yoga in the morning. But I preferred meeting up with the powerwalkers at 9am.SUBA was not a great experience. The GOs are a bit surly and impatient. Our sons took the Discovery course which consists of a video presentation, a pool dive and a trip out to the snorkling reef for a shallow 30 min dive. The CD player broke so they did the course from a flip chart. My husband and I are glad we stayed as they left out some important information which we were able to tell our sons (and a few others.) We are certified and had no trouble booking ourselves on the Discovery dive without a refresher course. We had our physical check done by the doctor on site at no charge. The problem was, the pool dive isn't deep enough to teach equilization of your ears properly. Our 12yo wasn't able to equalize quickly during the ocean dive. One of the 3 instructors took him from the group to help him. We assumed he was going to bring him back to the underwater group, but he never returned. After awhile the instructor who helped him showed up and we asked where our son was. Turns out, he'd left him alone in the boat on the surface for 20 minutes! Not acceptable. A terrible risk that I'm not happy with and I will not trust another instructor so easily. As for the dive: you can see just as much snorkling as on the Discovery dive. Get your certification elsewhere and dive somewhere nice. It's a risk to learn this way.The shows were ok, but some we didn't like others did. Overall the circus and the Domincican Folklorika are the best, IMO.Of the excursions, we hear the Dominican Colours is quite fun and recommended by those who went. No info on others.PEOPLE (GMs):Mostly positive for us. This is a French-speaking village so knowing a bit would be helpful. We don't, but didn't find it a problem. We sat with only one couple that knew no English and had fun drawing pictures and doing charades in order to find out about each other. An interesting exercise that resulted in an amazing amount of info. I found several American families far more annoying and whiny than any of the Europeans. The GOs were very nice and helpful and tried to make everyone have a good time. The exception was the SCUBA GOs. Greet folks openly with a Bonjour or Hola and you'll be surprised at the warm reception you'll receive.FOOD:We liked it, overall. Buffet-style. Lots of choices--many fresh and crisp. I found it's best to keep it simple and you'll not grow tired of things. It's tempting to overeat, try everything at every meal. Not a great idea. Eat like you would at home. A small plate of salad or appetizer. A plate with grilled fish or chicken, a veggie, a starch. A reasonable dessert. You'll feel better if you don't go nuts.Leave some things to try tomorrow. Friday evening is the seafood feast. Worth being there for.Wines are different on different tables. Look for the Merlot. It's the best of the bunch. White is hard to find but it's around. Favorite lunch dessert: fresh papaya with a squeeze of lime, mango slices and some white chocolate bread. YUMMM! Favorite breakfast splurge: Lots of flan with a side of caramelized banana. Go to the juice bar (near fruit) for your own recipe fresh squeezed by the juicer guy. Eat lunch at Hispaniola for best views. Menu can be different at each restaurant for dinner, so check.Shoes and shirt required for men at all times, women must wear a wrap over their bathing suits for the restaurants even at lunch. Snack bar is ok for beachwear. Casual or beach nice clothing for dinner. They do a theme for evening wear each night. Ex: black elegant. Black and white. Safari. Not everyone does this, but many do.If you want to avoid eating with small children (and there are many at this club for families) you'll want to arrive after 8:00 for dinner rather than early. Much crying and fussing at night with the littlest ones who are cranky after a long day in the sun and at the mini club.SUGGESTIONS:Thermal cups or mugs for the beach or pool. Drinks are served in thin plastic cups (safety reasons) so I just dumped mine in my thermal and it stayed nice and cold for a long time.Floats and pool toys. Buy cheap floats and leave them there. Mine were 2.50 at the dollar store and lasted long enough. Beats $20 for similar there.We took our own beach towels. Not a necessity, but nice to have so no one mistakes your chair for theirs on the beach. Otherwise the towels provided are fine.Sunscreen, Aloe gel, and lotion. You'll pay a lot if you forget.Small bills for taxis and shopping. They don't want to make change. Also, I know tips are included, but our maid was very kind and it was nice to leave her a little extra.Taking your own pictures is fine, but I wish we'd considered having a family portrait done on site. The photographers there will set up a time to shoot your family with no sitting fee, just the price of the photo should you want to order one. Prices aren't nearly the cost of doing this in the states: 5x7 for $14, 8x10 for $20, etc. Those I saw were really beautiful with natural backdrops and I wished we'd planned this for our family. What a great holiday card image! Some families brought white clothing or coordinated colors for their portraits... very nice.If your kids have outgrown their clothing and you plan to donate it somewhere, there is an orphanage nearby that really needs gently used kids things and school supplies. We packed one extra duffle with our kids nicest outgrown warm weather stuff and one with school things (pencils, pens, paper tablets, rulers, water paints, crayons.) Alta, head of security at Club Med, will take them to the orphanage if you contact her through the front desk. Or the Beyond the Beach foundation can pick them up if you contact them before you leave: Les Pye at 809-440-8972. Also, the woman who does the excursion to Santo Domingo will take school supplies to a charity in that city if you let her know. It's just a nice thing to do.DEPARTURE:Give yourself plenty of time. Two hours at least. We thought they were kidding, but no. Getting through customs takes FOREVER! You'll pay a $20 departure tax, be sniffed by the cutest drug dogs ever, stand in four seperate long lines for various things. People get surly and rude. They haven't given themselves enough time. They miss their flights. Don't be one of them. Rolling luggage becomes important. You might hike 1/4 mile to your plane in the heat. Not much to eat there and everything is expensive.All in all, have fun. It's a great place to be, to meet people who live differently and speak differently than you, to try something new. Be open and you'll have a lot of fun.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Docsam
<Content>Comments from a veteran GM. Above average club. Only bad mark for the SCUBA team This was my 20th club med! Started going to club meds as a kid about 35 years ago. Originally from France, I have been in the USA for 15 years so I can speak from both perspectives about this club. Was there with my family for a week at the end of March. This club should be exclusively for families. If you are a couple you may enjoy it especially if you are a bit on the older side but if you are single, you really should go elsewhere.Reservations: booked the land portion through Expedia which was 15% cheaper than going through the club and 5% cheaper than going through their affiliates.Booked airfare direct from Newark using Continental Miles for all 4 of us.Arrival at Punta Cana Airport: We were handed the customs form (1 per family) in the plane but not the immigration entry forms. So needed to fill those before going through. That was a bit unpleasant since it was hot and humid at the entrance of the terminalAlso had to buy the tourist entry cards at US$10 each.Why couldn't they just include it in the ticket fee? Response, cause they need the US cash! Anyway, the immigration officials were only interested to make sure we bought our cards and did not even glance at our immigration forms and stamped our passports without even looking at them. Luggage pick up was without a problem but you cannot take the carts out of the terminal. If you can hand carry them afterwards, just nicely refuse help from the white uniformed porters which you would have to tip a few $. Cab to club med for $15 for a 10mn drive. From other reviews it was $10 but did not want to haggle since there were 4 of us and a lot of luggage. NOTE: bring a lot of small US bills or Euros since it is nearly impossible to make change and you really don't want their worthless pesos.Arrival at the club: came in mid week afternoon so it was very quiet. Missed the clapping GOs but been there and done that before! Front desk was inflexible about changing our room to a closer one (eg: Colon) but did not insist too much and at the end it was better since we got one near the mini club and Hispaniola. One advantage of arriving out of the Club med charters times is that you get escorted to your room in a golf cart with all your luggage. If you come with the charter, you have to walk there and you luggage is delivered later during the dayRoom: small by US standards, big by French. Above average for club meds. Good hygiene, no ants. Cleaned regularly every day with new water bottles. TV with many US and international channels. Image a bit fuzzy but did not watch it during our stay anyway. Radio with good receptionPool: big with multiple depths to suit everyone. Max is 1.5m. No diving allowed. Yes, chairs around the pool went quick in the am especially those under the fixed umbrellas but no problem finding chairs on the beach. Good water aerobics around noon time in the pool with some water polo or other games later onBeach: average. Basically big block of cement which sand over it. Cement sticks out in many parts. Algae cleaned by tractor every morning so it tends to stay clean. No waves since the reef is far away but water not very clear and some brown dying algae near shore. Nice and numerous palm trees and cocconut trees providing ample shade. Not much to see snorkeling off shore. Just the brown algae and a few small fish. No coral.Food: Check the menus, since they are sometimes differ between restaurants. Always preferred going for lunch and dinner to Hispaniola since it has a nice breeze. Samara is air conditionned but is always hot and stuffy. Only went there for breakfast since that's not served in Hispaniola. Food is classical club med buffet, superior but not excellent except a few items here and there. Choices for everyone. Great breads! Try their new recipe white chocolate bread. Wine is average, drinkable but not 1 or even 2nd class. Beer on tap in the restaurants was undrinkable better get it a the barBar: good selection of alcohols. All you can drink! Try your luck with different barmen. Some are good some are not.Mini club: we brought a 3 1/2 year old and a 5 1/2 year old. We lied and put both in the 4-6 group to avoid paying the extra $200 for the below 4 petit club. They both had a blast. Always dropped them at 8:45am and picked them up around 5 or 5:30pm. Did not use the facility for the 7-9pm or the 9:30pm-2am sessions but it was nice to know it was a possibility.The Ramp: saw teenagers having great fun. They are still supervised by a wanabee teenager GO so it is relatively safe. Still good potential for spotty teenagers to get lucky with the opposite sex thoughPeople: Some nice folks, some a bit annoying both in the Americans or French contigents. Just mingle with whom you are confortable with and ignore the rest! The annoying ones tend to try to avoid sitting with others at dinner anyway so they were out of the way. If you are adult and single, forget it. You have absolutely no chance to hook up unless you are female and want to try out the GOs from Haiti.Bugs: no mosquitos period. Their twice a day spraying works. Very tiny ants not too bothersome. We did take malaria prophylaxis because of a CDC warning a couple years ago but stopped when we got there and saw it was not an issue. Did not even use any of the 50% DEET bug sprays.Shop: outrageoulsy expensive even by usual club med standards. US$40 for a tee shirt is really a rip off. Still needed to get the souvenir!. Best bring you inflatable pool toys, snorkels, books, magazines etc because they are really overpriced there. Poor postcard selection.Included activities- Crunch gym: good ab session at 4pm. OK sessions otherwiseCircus: try the trapeze. Fun but quite a bit of time waiting for your turn. Trampoline, straight rope and juggling are secondary activities since the GOs are mostly busy with the trapezeArchery: fun when not crowded. Minimal instructions from the GO in chargeKayaking: OK but really nowhere to go. So good enough for 10-15 mns.Snorkeling: equipment OK but as I said, nothing really to see offshore. You have to pay extra for a snorkeling excursion by boat but from what I heard it is not worth the expenseSailing/windsurfing: did not try but long lines of folks waitingDancing classes: did not try but saw people having funTennis: did not try but saw long lines of folks waitingBoule/volley ball/basket ball/soccer: did not try but folks doing it were having great funEntertainement: much worse then in other clubs. I guess it's because of the family focus of this club.Extra cost activities:SCUBA: Note that you need a medical certificate for them to let you dive. If you don't bring one (or forge one), you will have to see the village doc who will charge you (not sure how much). If you say your last dive was more than one month ago, they will ask you to do a refresher dive (extra cost and waste of a day!).The scuba team was the only negative in this club. Most of them were very unfriendly except for the Cuban divemaster Koki. The others could not care less and would only respond to your questions with curt answers. Tried both in French or English. They are a bit more friendly to young females with big knockers though... Equipment is a bit sub par with no depth gauges as mentioned in a previous review but still adequate. Depth gauges or computers are not really important though since there are no dive sites deeper than 20m anyway. Coral is in medium condition and there are some sting rays, a 4 feet eel, multiple smaller eels and barracudas. Did not see a nurse shark or eagle ray but others did. Best dive time is 9am, then 11am. The 2:30 pm is usually the aquarium which does have a bit more fish but is a shallow dive with not much to see. Do it once if you have the time. I did Virile a drift dive which was just OK. Patricia, a wreck dive with a strong current. Interesting to go in the cargo ship itself but otherwise not much to see. The Gulf which is the best with some decent coral and fish.Excursions: did not do any but some mentioned they like going to the school/rhum factory/cigar factory onePhotographer: bring your own camera or pay outrageous price for each picture the roaming photo lady takes (she has gimmicks with parrots, monkeys, etc) to intice you to buyOVERALL: Great club for families. The only one better for families is Ixtapa. Don't expect much out of the scuba or entertainment. Would probably return in 2-3 years especially because of the direct flight from Newark. Hope this helps. We still love the Club!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Myths and Scuba Diving I want to clear up a few myths and add a new topic to these reviews. I'm not going to re-state a lot of things that have already been written. But before I get into that, let me say we had a great time. My parents, sister, cousin, wife and our two kids (age 2 and 4) were in our party. Myth #1. Not a lot of fresh water to drink or lack of water bottles. Reality - Everyday, after our room was cleaned there were four new 2-liter bottles of water in our room. Myth #2. Chairs near the pool are easy to obtain until 9 or 10 am. Reality - The chairs near the shallow (or young kid section) were taken by 7:15am. Most parents would drop there towels, books, or whatever on the chairs on their way to breakfast. A couple of mornings I was among a group of dads walking fast to reserve a group of chairs before they were gone. I can't speak for the deeper end of the pool.Myth #3. The french are rude. Reality - Everyone was really nice and most spoke english. I don't know what they were saying to each other in french, but I really didn care.Myth #4. Topless was only at the beach. Reality - I saw many women topless by the pool. I quite liked it actually. Except some women should have stopped the practice 30 years ago.As far as the diving at Club Med... It was OK, the dive sites were all within a 5 minutes boat ride of the resort. The terrain was mostly flat at 50 feet deep with coral rising 10 feet in-between sand channels. No walls. Lots of hard and soft corals, but lacking a wide range of colors. Average number of fish, but no big schools and I seemed to see the same fish you can see anywhere. Visibility was almost 75 feet. Did see an eagle ray, big stingray, and flounder. Nothing special though. It reminded me of some of the boring dives at Bonaire, minus the wall. I decided it wasn't worth the $55 dollars after some lady almost rear entried onto my head. Oh yea, did I mention that I rented gear (included in the $55) and NONE of the regs had depth gauges. We tagged along with the dive master. He had the only depth gaugeut don't let that deter you, the dives were more like a guided underwater tour. If you dive occasionally and want to refresh your skills, then give it a try.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mamasanbkny
<Content>Thumbs up for Club Med Punta Cana We just got back from a 7 night stay with an 8 year old. We share the primarily positive views of recent travellers.Rooms - loved the all-suite aspect. Rooms aren't fancy, but are very comfortable. Excellent design for small space.Gave us privacy and kept the luggage and gear out of the way. Even though we just used the room to sleep and shower - this added service upgraded our experience. Air conditioning was constant. Had a hot water problem - once it was fixed it was great. Mini-club - Was great for a lot of kids. My kid was young for her age group (8-10)and chose not to do a lot of the activities. She liked performing in the show, circus, and the catamaran ride. Met other families with kids younger and older than my daughter - they seemed to have an easier time. While at Sunscape Tulum last year we didn't see her for 7 hours at a time.This year she was with us a lot. We didn't mind. Mind-boggling array of activities for all ages. According to a teenaged friend The Ramp could use a little attention. Meeting Other Travellers - For Americans: remember you are in another country - not everyone will instantly understand your rapid paced English. A little courtesy goes a long way.For Europeans - thanks for learning English. Someday maybe Americans can get it together to become more multi-lingual. Until then, thanks for letting me practice my college French.My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed meeting so many Europeans. They were unfailingly gracious and encouraging as I shook the cobwebs off of my French. To Adrian,Simone,Frederic, Veronique, Bernard  Jacqueline - Merci beaucoup. Hope to see you again.The Beach  Activities. Fantastic - see any other reviews. Always a chair with gorgeous Caribbean sea at your feet. There was some nice snorkeling right off the beach. FoodI feel sorry for the reviewer who never ate lunch at Hispaniola. One of the consistent delights. The view and the breeze were incomparable. The buffet was always freshly stocked with chefs cooking the food right in front of you. It is not haute cuisine, but superior to all the buffet food I've ever had. Even the kiddie food was fresh. My daughter loved the pizza. The bread was truly amazing. The fresh fruits and salads were great. Ditto the seafood. Have to also put in a plus for the dominican food.BarI'm not a drinker, but I saw people complain and then get very specific with their drinks. Someone also mentioned it above. The espresso was great. Fun and energetic entertainment at night. Now we are humming Champs Elysees that we heard on karoake night.ShowsLoved the kids show, circus, cabaret and pirate show. also the Domincan show. It's just great to be watching live theatre with others. Much better than staying in the hotel room watching tv.bugsThey spray twice a day. We didn't hear about the malaria warnings until we ran into someone from our neighborhood who was taking the precautions. We had no problems and we are bug magnets.OverallGreat for families/large groups. European atmosphere a plus if you are so inclined. Wouldn't hesitate to recommend it. I miss the intimacy of a smaller resort (ala Sunscape) but appreciated the ability to handle a crowd. It really was total all-inclusive.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bentopsond
<Content>perfect vacation Spring break was awesome for us with our trip to Club Med. The beach was beautiful, plenty of chairs and trees to read under, weather was absolutely amazing, 85 with slight wind blowing all the time. The activites were there, we just chose to watch and read. We would definitely return and just stay longer. The GO's were so nice and friendly and very helpful in making the trip our best ever!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Families!!! We just returned from a week at this Club Med. I start by saying that we are Club Med fans having met at a Club Med over 8 years ago. Two children later, we are still in love with the concept. We went with a party of 12; 7 adults, 5 children - 10, 9, 4 and two 2's. It was perfect. The petit club and mini clubs allow you to have a break (and the kids have a great time). If you elect not to place you child in the club for the whole day, that's fine too. The most impressive after thought for us was the food. Each night was a different theme with the last night being a lobster feast (with table cloths). And the bread - out of this world. The selection and the quality of the food was second to none. Other facts: The rooms were comfortable but you aren't really there all that often, there are guards that roam for security, the G.O.'s are friendly and helpful - front desk needs a bit of work with attention to G.M. needs (extra cash for cabs etc), the pool was large with a kids area and then deeper area for adults (bottom of the pool probably needs to be re-surfaced at some point in the future), the bathrooms were clean and the local staff were attentive. Bottomline, would definitley return to again (and again).  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous experience The grounds are immaculate. Staff is friendly and helpful, especially the G.O.s. All staff are multilingual. If you are an English speaking American, expect to be in the minority. Our only criticism is that it's difficult to make a phone call. Do not attempt prepaid calling cards: they will not work on the phones at Club Med. Food and drink were plentiful and good. The Domincan Colours excursion was fabulous though sad to see the abject poverty in the small village we visited. Everywhere we visited (on and off Club Med grounds) took US dollars, so no need to worry about exchanging money. It was a fantastic experience and we highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It       Beach  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Time at Club Med and we are hooked! First and foremost let us say thet we are new to the all inclusive and international travel scene. We went to Punta Cana on a company vacation.  We are totally hooked and are already planning with friends and family when and how to get back to this resort.  A note to all of the poor mouthed americans who whine about the buffet lines, the french, the lack of english, and all of the other my world is safe and small complainers: STAY HOME!Arrival: An airport with a palm thatch roof: pretty, hot and very efficient. Beware of the porters in white just as you near the exit. They are airport employess but not employees of a resort or a taxi service. They will try to snag your bags and carry them for you. Just be assertive and you will be fine.Club Med arrival: Our group was 20+ for the flight we came in on and we took vans from the airport. We did not get the usual large chanting group of GOs lining the entrance but then we did not know they did that so we did not miss it. The front desk was fast and efficient. We had a message from the US and it was communicated to us first thing. We then followed a GO to a club car that took us the hike to our room.The room: Way more than I expected. The large closet and extra bedroom were a surprise and very useful to those of us that like to spread out. We were in a building that faced the ocean but our balcony was on the other side facing the grounds. I ended up liking this arrangement as there was a shady spot in the AM to sit and wake up in. There was plenty of hot water in our shower and the lights all worked just fine. Our room was a long walk from the main grounds but it was quiet at all times we were there and we were just there to shower and sleep.Dining: Hispanola was our choice for all evening meals just because we can get italian and mexican at home and the carribean and seafood was a more natural choice for us. The food was very good. A wide variety was always available and the food was tasty and plentiful. Breakfast and lunch were at Samana and they were excellent as well. Try the omelet or pasta stations to get it exactly how you want it. Finding wine was a bit challenging but only if you were looking for a particular type. We had a time finding merlot. The coffee was good and always fresh.Bars: People need to get over the drinks were too small. Get off your butts and get another one, or two , or five. The drinks were generally good as long as you asked for what you wanted. Order a screwdriver and you would get well brand vodka, order a Skye and OJ and you got the good stuff. Sounds just like the bars here in the US doesn't it? We never had a bartender refuse to serve any of us as many drinks as we could carry (generally taking orders from several friends at a time). BeacH: Wow. The water , the sand, the Kayaking, snorkeling, windsurfing, sailing and just people watching were all great. We loved the palm tree shade possiblities and the well placed huts for kayaks, snorkeling, etc. Lots of shade and the Beach bar was fairly central as well. We saw tons of families with little kids, toddlers, teens etc. as well as couples and even large groups like ours. The topless situation was fairly normal with a mix of all body types and sizes. If you are offended by -------, get over it.Activities: As above they were all fun and we rarely had to wait to do anything. We are new to snorkeling and therefore found it fantastic. I understand that the Grand Caymans have better fish and plant life but then who am I to compare?The GOs: We never failed to get a smile, Hola, Bon jour, hello or some kind of greeting. Every question we had was answered and explained. These people were all very willing to please and though we did not take kids we saw their interaction on almost all levels and it was amazing. Kids crying in all languages not to go home to Mom and Dad as they were having fun at mini club or the ramp. Kids singing as they walked and smiling ear to ear.The GMs: We were open to meeting new peple and we did. If you are afraid of interaction with new people, just sit in a corner and hide from them and the world. We met Canadians, French, Danes, Swedes etc. All were there to relax and nobody was uptight other than a few whining Americans we heard complan that nobody speaks English.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok, with room for improvement Resort: Nice, in good renovation standard (they did paint our terrace and balustrade while we where there ?if you like the smell of fresh color, it will not bother you).Great views, everything is green, great gardens and landscaping!If the Club is fully booked, like it was over Thanksgiving, it is crowded like a shopping mall. Front desk: Too many unskilled people, but still some very good ones. Maybe what you have to accept at Club Med Price level and what they can pay those folks.Rooms: Good shape, great huge closet like extra room to store anything you want.After 3 times asking and 3 days of wait we got an extension cord for the TV set so we could move the TV set from the children bedroom to the parents bedroom.We had mice in the room and unfortunately also in our bed. The club was surprisingly well equipped to help that problem.All inclusive:Works in Punte Cana quite well with one exception: At day one of your 2 week stay you get TWO (2) bottles of water - period. You'll be asked to keep those bottles and refill them at the few fountains in the resort. I thought they are kidding me but they really meant it - hence no fridge that would be refilled.Beach: Partially crowded but very nice set up with lots of palm trees and enough shadow if you need it. If you accept a little walk through the nice gardens towards the cayak station, you'll find lot's of empty space!The Beach or parts of it is artificially set up on rocks and concrete. Too many areas of the beach did show the original surface, since the sand was gone.Nevertheless, the beach is huge; you always can find a nice spot and a private palm tree.Pool: Very nice, great fun for kids, great area with shallow water. Too few sun shades for families with kids.Towels: Be there early or be lucky they have not really enough towels for all guests. Sometimes they asked us to return after 30 minutes for fresh towels.Restaurant: They claim to have 2 of them, but one of them was open only for 4 dinners per week.The food and variety is very good, only on those days when only one Restaurant was open you really had to wait at the buffet.In the second week they ran out of white wine and it never returned.Bar: Good bars, good variety and bad management. Every GO seems to have his own recipes for drinks some seem to have no idea about cocktails but still are allowed to do them.There are at least 7 variations of how thy do Caipirinhas ?only one seemed to be really close to what it is supposed to be (they anyway had no white rum for 4 days).Other guests: Most population was French. If you are French you get to know people, if you are not, then not.Kids Club: Nice Club some of the GO may even have some paedagogical background or education and experience, but some definitely not! But nevertheless we had a very good overall impression of the Kids Club. Since most of the kids spoke French, our 4 year old daughter even if bilingual, did not want to stay since 98% of the kids spoke: of course French.GO: Overall nice people, unfortunately many of them think scaring little children is fun for little children, this really was an issue every once in a while for my small kids.Most GO English is acceptable, even if their mother tongue is French.Animation: We do not go for the animation, so if you want to avoid it, you easily can and will not be annoyed.Windsurfing: nly 2 Boards and sails per category/size ?don come if you want to surf on a higher skill level. Even the spot is very difficult and has some nice waves. The the beach area is good for beginners - equipment for beginners seemed to be enough.Sailbboats: Some of them, seemed to be in good shapeCatamaran: Only one, so forget about it. Cayak, very nice and new material, nice spot to have some fun in the wavesDiving: Expensive, did not go.Tennis: Hard courts in good shape Over all: This was our first Club Med vacation. We will not return and this is not only because we try to not go to one place twice. If fully booked the place is too crowded, even if the beach then ends up being large enough. The service and the skill level of the staff is what you would express for what you pay.We may give Club Med another shot in another resort.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe My Expectations Were Too High? I really rather amazed at the number of people that my family met at Club Med Punta Cana, during our recent Presidents?week holiday vacation, who were on their 2nd or 3rd visit to the resort. When questioned about what brought them back, over and over the typical response was, t so easy.?This refers to the ease with which people can free themselves of their children while at Club Med as well as to easily coordinate a vacation for a larger party of extended family members.But overall, Club Med Punta Cana left both my wife and I a little disappointedarticularly since it is far from an inexpensive vacation. Our 5 year old seemed the most content, and while our 8 year old had a good time, he felt the Kid Club to be a bit disorganized (I think he was just parroting our complaining a bit). Here is my review, which Ie been thinking about writing since halfway through our 7-day stay:ACCOMODATIONSThe room was fairly modest, a bit underwhelming to all of us. My guess is that the entire room was not more than 300 sq. ft. The kids?sleeping area consisted of a small room with two build-in beds that could be closed off by pocket doors. The television was in their area, so once they were asleep, TV was not an option. The room was cheerfully painted with a stenciled fish border along the top of the wall. But otherwise, it was rather bare. Our bed was a king-size platform bed with a fairly mushy mattress. We had three undersized pillows, far inferior to those of any other hotel Ie stayed in in the past several years. Initially, our bed just had only sheets and the bedspread, but after a few days, it was remade with a blanket as well. Other than two bed side tables, there was almost no other furniture in the room. The walk-in closet has shelves which are meant to hold all your clothes. There is no dresser in the room.The bathroom was in need of a face lift. All the tile grout was dirty and the caulking around the sink looked several years old. There was scotch tape stuck to the backsplash that no one in the cleaning staff saw fit to remove. There was a very pronounced water stain in the ceiling that looked like it had been there for some time. The bath came with several small bath towels, but we were never given any hand towels or washcloths during our entire stay. The resort supplies bottled water as the bathroom tap water may not be entirely safe to drink.Our air conditioning never functioned properly during the whole trip. It is housed above a panel in the closet which was sagging when we arrived. My wife called it in to maintenance, mentioning a musty smell that was coming from it as well. They fixed the panel and put some air freshener in the system, but I discovered that at night (the only time it we were really in the room), the AC unit blew, but didn really seem to cool the room. (Luckily, the outside temperature dropped to the low 70 at night, so it wasn that unbearable.) After two requests to have the AC fixed, I saw the hief of the Village?on one of his ow is everything?tours of the beach, and told him of our AC problem and multiple calls to get it fixed. His assistant took dutiful notes. That evening, when we got back to our room, there was a note from the front desk stating that the system had been checked and as working well.?Their olution?was for me to make sure to close the room curtains in the morning so it wouldn warm up too much from the sun during the day. The comical thing was that the same day we got this letter from the front desk, there was a note from the aintenance team?left in our room stating that e are still working on the problem.?Ultimately we just gave up on getting it fixed in order avoid further aggravation.TENNISThe club boasts 14 tennis courts and an extensive tennis program, including an ATP camp for about a $200 additional cost per person. The week prior to our trip my wife called Club Med about our getting into the ATP Camp. They told us there was no need to sign up in advance for the three-day program and that we should just sign up once we were at the resort. When we got there, the G.O. we spoke with (G.O. stands for Gentil Organisateur in French. In English they translate it as Congenial Organizer or Gracious/Friendly Host--in other words the resort staff) also expressed no urgency in signing up. However, as you may have already guessed, when we went to sign up, we were told that they were sold out. After making enough of a stink, we eventually got ourselves in to the camp.Though not a waste of time, it was a bit disappointing. We each had a total of six people plus a pro in our respective group bit on the large side. Most disappointing was the tennis ball shortage that became the running joke of the tennis players we met during our stay. For the ATP clinic, we used half a small hopper of balls which were rather dead and at least two weeks old. This meant that after hitting for just a few minutes, the group had to pick up balls. It really was comical. One woman who I played with had been to two other ATP camps and said this was by far the worst. Additionally, the Club Med gift shop did not sell balls, but the tennis pros did. The price? $10 per can (about 3X normal cost) and you had to pay cash cute little side business for the pros apparently. As for the courts themselves, four of the courts were some sort of slightly iving?hard court surface that I never seen before, but which was kay.?Two of these were used for the ATP program. The one I was on had several holes in the net. One would think that given the revenue from the ATP program they could at least have nets that balls couldn't pass through! The rest of the courts were made of some sort of porous cement with big seams in the middle of the courtomething you might connect with a cheap 1960s resort. My guess is that they have not been resurfaced in well over a decade.The free clinics were way oversubscribed as the club was clearly short on pros think there were only four for the whole resort with over 1500 guests! When I took one of these clinics at the end of the week, we had 16 people with one pro. He apologized for being shorthanded, but said if you wanted more personalized attention, you should sign up for a private lesson. Though reasonable, at $40 per hour, he neglected to mention that the private lesions had long been sold out for the week. Note also that the kids club tennis is not with one of the tennis pros, but rather just with their camp G.O.s. Also, they don use real tennis balls, rather some sort of foam balls that our kids, who play at tennis at home, objected to using.FOODThe food was ot bad?for a buffet, but somehow I didn realize that every meal would be a buffet. Self serving out of chafing dishes gets very old, especially with a 5 year old that needs you to help run around the cavernous estaurant?setting him up before you then can go back to get your own plate. The eating experience slowly became akin to the movie Groundhog Day, with a feeling of bland sameness after a while. Outside of the special Saturday night dinner, you should expect paper napkins and placemats at all meals. The breads were unusually good for the Carribean and I liked the cheese selectionoth I guess attributable to the French influence of Club Med (About 30-40% of guests were French, but I heard it was much higher the prior week.) If you like some variety in wine during meals, forget about it. There was one Chilean Merlot, one Spanish white, sometimes a French Rose, and an American Zinfandel. This never changed. And don expect anyone to serve you. The red is on the table. The other ones are in a wine cooler in the buffet area if you happen to see them (a couple of days none of them were in the cooler long enough to be cold in time for dinner). You will never been offered any other sort of cocktail at a meal and there is no bar in either restaurant. In fact, there is no serving of drinks on the beach either. If you want a drink of any sort, you must get up and go to either the main bar or the small beach bar. Don expect to have anyone serve you coffee either. Even in the seating area of the big bar, I never saw anyone doing table service of drinks. This total lack of service really got to me after a while.KIDS?CLUBThe Club Med Mini Club is, I think, the main reason why this resort succeeds. During our visit, there were over 500 kids at the resort and I guess that the majority made some use of the club. You can drop the kids off at 8:45AM and leave them there through dinner if you want. Each hour the kids can choose from three activities. Archery and Trapeze (there is a big circus component to the place) were the big hits with our kids. However, when I went to watch my kids, I observed a lot of sitting and waiting at many of the activities. When the club is at capacity, the facilities can really accommodate the numbers that were there during this peak week. I watched my older boy wait 30 minutes to do a single swing on the trapeze. At archery, one of my sons probably got to shoot 9 arrows during the 60 minutes scheduled for the activity.However, the fact that the kids get to see the same kids every day does foster friendships and allowed us to get to know many of the parents. As a result, there are definitely a few folks we will keep in touch with and probably hook up with during the year (there was a huge NYC metro area contingent--particularly from Westchester County).Each afternoon there is a time slot for ehearsal?where the kids learn dance steps to a musical performance for their age group. The performance takes place on Thursday night, and I must admit, I was rather impressed on what they got the kids to do in such a short amount of time. THE BEACHThe beach is rather nice. Not in the category of a crescent beach in Anguilla, but really quite adequate. However, the beach, and the entire complex is very long, and there is only one central facility for bar, bathroom, etc. From what I hear, the resort was expanded by almost 100% in terms of rooms from about 10 years ago. As a result, the rooms probably cover a half mile stretch, but it doesn seem like there was a commensurate expansion of the common facilities. There are no umbrellas and just a few palapas that you can use for shade, but these get claimed early in the morning and are never available. There are some palm trees, but you need to keep moving your chair to remain shaded. Note also that you are given a card to exchange for a towel when you check in and are only allowed one towel per person. If you want to get a dry towel you must return your old towel and there is but one facility for this, well off the beach. If you are used to resorts where you just help yourself to beach and pool towels at will, you will be disappointed.The water sports are pretty good and well used. Basic lessons are available for free in sailing and windsurfing. Snorkel gear was really inadequate with no flippers or masks specifically for kids and an overall shortage of equipment. On the last Friday I was there, there were over a half dozen of us waiting for equipment mid-afternoon. I had one slightly broken mask and snorkel and was waiting for another when one of the tennis G.O.s came strutting out of the water to return one. I couldn believe that equipment was unavailable because resort staff had it out! I also noticed times where there were no windsurfing boards available only to see a G.O. windsurfing during her break. Realize that G.O.s, when of duty, get to use the resort almost as if they were guests. All water sports close from 12PM to 2PM when the G.O.s go to lunch in mass, which greatly reduces the time available during a given day.IN CONCLUSIONThough not something that we would do again, I can see how the Club Med experience appeals to some. If you want some place where you can totally free yourself of your kids, where food is not great, but good enough and plentiful, and where the atmosphere is one of a large swim club, then you can be very happy with Club Med Punta Cana. But given the cost of our vacation, approaching $9000 with airfare from NYC, I guess I was looking for a higher level of service and amenities.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Time I have read various reviews prior to going. We were a group of ten with children ranging from 11 to 17. There were no bugs, broken a/cs, toliets or showers, dirty rooms. No one got sick. Plenty of towels. Always had chairs on the beachConsThe food was slightly better than average and plentiful.ProsRoomsThe room had a bedroom and separate sittng area. The bed was comfortable the sheets were always clean and the towels were soft.The cleaning staff did a very good job of taking care of the room. Contrary to some other reviews there were plenty of bottles of water.Also a fews bucks a day as a tip would not hurt these folks get paid very little.The GymSmall but nice. Never crowded. A jog around the property was very good also.The Main BarIt opens at 9am. The bar has cappucino and espresso.Tito and Mary made the best cappucinos.Every night there was some activity there. Mostly with a French favor. After a fews times it didn't matter that it was in a foreign language.BartendersThe bartenders move quick and pour well.Cheers to Nikki and Renee.ActivitiesBeach volley ball was fun and everyone was very social. It helps to speak French however it did not matter.Sailing was great. Hats off to Megan, Brian and KevinSpecial thanks to Luis for teaching someone who doesn't swim or tread water to sailBocce ballA great afternoon activity. The tourament was great. The Europeans are the ones to beat.Trapeze.This was our favorite activity.My wife and I were there everyday. My wife made it into the show. We became very friendly with the GOs who worked there. So friendly that we looked to hang out with them at dinner and the bar and night club.The GOsThis was the best part of our trip. All the GOs we met were very friendly. However the following GOs became our friends.Front DeskJoseClassey-Hope your leg is getting betterBarNikki-Pina Coladas double shot of dark rumWatersportsMegan-the girls had a great time hanging with youLast but certainly not leastThese guys and girls that were the icing on the cake.Jason,PC,Matt,Babar,MAC,Silvano,Liza.This is a European type resort. If you think everyone should speak English stay home. If you think there should be room service and waiters on the beach go somewhere else.If you want a fun vacation that includes hearing a foreign language every day, mingling and chatting with folks who are different from you. This is the place.My wife and I had a great time. I am trying to convince her to go back in this summer.CLUB MED did an excellent job  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pma888
<Content>Stranded wtih 06 blizzard My husband and I was at Club Med at Punta Cana during the weekend of great blizzard of Feb 12 at DRepublic.Club Med food was very good, the bread is to die for. Felt like we were in France once more. Friday is the great feast of lobster, sea food etc. Do not miss it. GO were friendly, it is an all suite resort. Had a great time, weather was great, mid 80's.We had to move to Punta Cana Resort for two nights due to the storm, all flights were canceled. Club Med was fully booked and thought it would be exciting to check out another resort anyway. Well, this Punta Cana Resort which is down the road fr. Club Med is certainly a notch higher, priced accordinglly of course. Stay away fr. the Italian Rest., it is the worst I have ever eaten. It is Italian wanda be!!! Us New Yorkers know their Italian food. Service was slow, we waited 20 minutes and no waiter to come around to take our order for dessert, they were not busy, we walked out. Stay with the buffet Rest, its safer. Thank goodness the fresh water lagoon and nature trails made up for the bad food. Accomodation was nice, clean and airy. Beach is not as nice as Club Med's, shorter and no off shore snokeling.Took a tour to see local village people. I brought some activity books, marker, color pencils for the school children. They love it! I had one more set left and there was this three yr old little girl ran after our bus, I gave her my last set. Her image still haunts me. These people have nothing. I will be back next winter to look for this little girl.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montclairmom
<Content>Heaven for parents with young children Just back from a wonderful week at Punta Cana with 10 month old, 2 year old, and 4 year old. We are not 'resort' types and even once thought of club med as strictly for cheeseballs. However, this was the best vacation we've taken as a family hands-down. We were absolutely giddy every morning after we dropped off the kids for 'petit club and 'mini club' and realized we had the whole day to ourselves (with our baby, of course). I had no reservations about using the kids clubs: club med is the expert on this, having done it for so many years. They have a big colorful daycare center, basically, near the pool/beach area where you will be lounging. You can wave as your kid walks by with his club mates (a good ratio of kids to caregivers, btw) on his way to trapeze or dance or lunch. Inside the fenced center, they have tennis and basketball courts, a huge awning for the little ones to ride their ride-ons under, and a small kids pool with a lifeguard; all kids wear wings if they can't swim. Half the pool is for 2-3 year olds, half is for bigger kids. The little ones are in very shallow water. The caregivers are very warm and enthusiastic and you can pop in at any time to check things out or retrieve your child. I felt guilty leaving them there til 5:30 two days in a row so the next two days I got them out after lunch and consequently they missed out on a sandcastle building contest and a treasure hunt, both of which they would have enjoyed. The food was excellent for buffet style. If your tastes are really evolved then you shouldn't be at any sort of all-inclusive anyway. Though let's be honest: most Americans don't eat this well at home or in their local restaurants. There was always grilled fish, delicious roasted chicken, fresh fruit and bread and cheese and wine at lunch and dinner.We were glad to have brought our double stroller, as we could fill it up for the day and be done with it. They do have single strollers to borrow there. The resort wasn't as spread-out as I had pictured, but I don't mind a walk. Make sure you request a ground-floor unit if you have a stroller, as there are no elevators. Clean beach towels are available right at the pool, as often as you want them. They do laundry there for you at extra charge (nominal) but they take 24 hours to do it. Each child needs to bring a little bag to miniclub for their change of clothes, two swimmy diapers, 4 spare diapers (if needed), sunscreen, hat, bathing suit. The beach was beautiful! Really beautiful, with palm trees everywhere and a beach bar. What are some people complaining about? I have been to 'world-class' beaches on Culebra and Vieques and this one was perfectly fine. If you want deserted sand then there was even an adults-only section that wasn't very busy at all. Sun was very strong. There is a lot of shade: there is even a big palapa on the beach exclusively for children to play in the sand. It was my son's favorite spot.The airport is really 5 minutes away which was fantastic. We didn't feel guilty about not exploring the Dominican Republic b/c there's nothing really close by. The French were part of the entertainment for us. It was like a combination trip to the caribbean and france. Lots of smoking, topless women, scarves, pop music. Really fun. Joie de vivre and all that. My husband even tried the trapeze, which is crazy. Everyone was also over-the-top friendly. We are returning next year, if not this summer, for 9 days, not 7. It was the first real vacation we've had since we've had children and we loved every minute. I could have weeped with joy as I sat on the lounge chair with my rum drink and listened to the French DJ direct a water-exercise class. Club Med is fantastic!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Leafs67
<Content>Nearly perfect for families       Kids Club Staff  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>3kidsmama
<Content>Wonderful vacation!       the beach  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jvalenz72
<Content>Great getaway for parents with young kids       Climing the ladder for the trapeze  
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun for all Just came back from Club Med in Punta Cana on Feb 5th 2006. The place was beautiful, clean and very helpful and friendly staff. The weather was fantastic 80 and sunny with about 70 at night. Pros: Absolutely beautiful setting. Well kept grounds, large sandy beach. There are allways chairs available. Beautiful scenic pool. Eventhough this club is over 30 years old it is in great shape. The rooms are basic but clean and roomy. They even gave us 2 rooms (for out 1213 year old daughters) at no extra cost! Where else do you get that. The kids loved the circus, especially doing the trapeze. THey were crying on the way home saying they wanted to stay another week. Cons: (Nothing major..just anoyances) If you want to sit at the pool, put your towels down early, they fill up by about 9-10:00AM. The food is plentyfull but only okay. Although you can always find something that suits your taste. 3/4 of the people were French, the other english speaking were from Canada. VERY few Americans...But everyone we spoke to was very nice...even the French. Be aware that the women go topless...a shock at first but after a day or two you don't even notice. We wanted to play a round of golf, was told it would be $350.00 for the two of us, I didn't want to play that bad. ALso on our last day checkout was at 11:00AM. We put our bags out at 8:00AM leaving some things behind to go back before our departure (at 10:00AM) to freshen up. We got back to our room at 9:30AM and found the room was cleaned and ready for the next people. All our stuff was gone, we had to go to the front desk and complain. They said that since we put our bags out and left that that was considered checked out!! They did get our stuff back, but my husband didn't want any of it since he thought they got it out of the garbage our somewhere.Would Highly recommend this place. Would go back to Club Med again. But probably a different one, since they are all so lovely.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you have kids this place is a 10! My wife an I and our 3 children ages 2, 4  6 just returned from 7 days at this property. In my opinion every aspect of the trip was above average and in many cases excellent. We had a non stop flight out of Newark, which is huge when you have children the ages that we do. The property is a 10 minute $10 cab ride from the airport...which appears to be very new. You are greeted in an open air lobby and check-in is quick and efficent. Luggage is delivered to the room with in minutes. The rooms are clean and serve the purpose. If you spend any significant amount of time in the room you are missing the point of going to this location.  All meals are buffet, so if you want or expect table service this is not for you. Regardless of what some may say the food is great. All fresh seafood and salads, fruit, cheese, pasta, deserts and the fresh baked bread are all very good/great. For the kids there are hamburgers, hotdogs, pizza, mac and cheese and soft ice cream. Each night also has 1 or 2 specials such as Beef Wellington or some other similar beef dish. Lunch and dinner have draft beer and wine at arms reach. If you want a cocktail just go to the bar before/ after the meal. The beach and pool are both great. Plenty of shallow end for the kids and even larger 5' deep end. The beach has a bar and snackbar along with toys such as kayacks, sunfish sailboats, snorkle gear, powerboats and windsurfers. A great selling point of this Club Med is the Mini Club Med for kids as young as 2. We called it camp and they have it everyday except Saturday. Drop the kids off at 8:45 and pick them up whenever you want up to 5 or 6...we always got them at 12 and we had luch together and spent the rest of the dat together. This gave my wife and I time to play tennis on one of the 14 courts and go for a run. In camp the kid do everything under the sun. My son(6years) loved archary and both he and my 4 year old both did the trapeeze in circus camp. The bottem line is all inclusive, great weather, safe, clean, very good food, lots for adults to do with even more for the kids to do. There is no need or reason to leave the property. The only thing that you must be prepared for is that 50% of the guests are French. This did not bother us one bit, everyone is in a good mood and having fun. I am not there to make friends. I am there to relax with my family...who cares if the family next to me only speaks French?  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fresh and simple and good I went with my wife and our 22-month old toddler, and my mother. We liked it very much. They nailed the basics -- we got the rooms we reserved, and they did all of the simple things very well. Very pretty resort. Pretty, spacious rooms. By the end of our stay when our toddler would wake up and remember where she was each morning, she would do a victory dance on our bed. If you golf, there is an excellent Dye course basically right next door, La Cana.I stayed at Club Med Buccaneer Creek ten years ago as a single, and it was interesting to compare the experience to this much more family-oriented resort. At BC, generally everybody took a much more active interest in one another, for obvious reasons. In contrast, at PC basically each group minds their own business. Also, and sadly, the Anglo-Franco divide is a very real thing. We found it very easy to strike up conversations with other North Americans but almost impossible with French guests. About half of them gave us a friendly greeting and then did not try to say much more. The other half looked like they just bit a lemon. So we kind of kept to ourselves and basically watched the kid have a blast, which at this point in our lives is plenty of fun. The food was simple but delicious. I scour Manhattan for really fine bread and really fine cheese, and what they put on buffet in both categories is outstanding. Basically I agree with most of the observations of my fellow New Yorker below ( little something for everybody,?January 19), except that I differ on the wine -- sometimes you have to claw through the wine fridge to find a bottle, but their red table wine is quite good. And I understand that wireless internet is available throughout the resort, although we did not bring a laptop.If you like cocktails, try a mojito -- when in Rome. If you ask for anything more fancy you will basically get fruit juice with a liquor bottle waved over it.(FN: I don mean to unduly alarm anybody -- but the fire suppression strategy of this place is a mystery to me. You eat in a vast room full of wood furniture under a gorgeous giant roof of timbers and thatch. There are no sprinklers. There are no fire hydrants. So -- scope out your alternate exits. But don't let that keep you away.)  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a little something for everybody Having never been to an all-inclusive resort, our group of ten (ages 1, 5, 29, 35, 35, 38, 60, 65, 65, 83) wasn't quite sure what to expect.With so many different demands, Club Med Punta Cana turned out to be a decent compromise destination.Plusses:- nice large rooms (at least in our buildings). Very clean facilities and nice landscaping.- wide variety of food, although after a while anything eaten buffet-style tends to start tasting the same. But picky eaters and gourmands both should be satisfied. The wine served with meals, however, was barely drinkable; even less so after 7 days of it.- weather was perfect (2nd week of january). 80 degrees, sunny, every day. Very few bugs (fumigation seems effective).- very nice pool. lots of shady places, lots of fun pool toys for kids.- very friendly G.O.s. They all were very good at figuring out if we needed help with something or if we wanted to be left alone. Their language skills were impressive. - good variety of athletic activities (exercise classes, tennis, archery, kayaking, weights, windsurfing, soccer, football, ping pong, roller hockey, trapeze, softball...)However, a lot of it was conducted on a fairly ad-hoc schedule. For example they might announce basketball at 6pm and if you show up expecting to find an organized basketball game, you may or may not be in luck. Best to make friends interested in the same activity and coordinate with them instead of relying on the club schedule.- very safe, easy to get to. I heard from some people who stayed here in 1990 that they felt like they were in an armed camp in the middle of the 3rd world. Things have clearly improved since then.Minuses: - attractive beach, but not great for in-water activities. If you like playing in actual waves, they are way far off shore and off-limits. So it's good for sailing and kayaking but not so great for snorkeling/diving or boogie boarding.- the exercise classes are branded by Crunch but are by no means as demanding or high-quality as an actual class at Crunch here in New York. The weight room is also branded as Crunch but most of the equipment is rusty, if not broken. The group exercise classes have to appeal to a broad spectrum of attendees so they tend to be very light. Yoga was more like morning stretching. Pilates was more like random floor mat stuff. And some instructors are difficult to follow. There could be more space for students; get to a class early and stake out a space. (Just like New York, sigh.) Despite the quibbles, I did do one or two classes every day, and did leave the week in better shape than I arrived. (The minimal drinking probably helped, see below.)- night entertainment options were somewhat unsophisticated and laughable -- lots of dancing around in groups being shouted at in French and broken English by cheerleader-types. Come on every buddy clap your hands!! Love it love it Punta Cana everybuddy!! There is not much variety of stuff to do late at night; this is definitely a family-oriented resort and almost everyone is asleep by 11. And the Latin music at the bar got very redundant, very quickly. They might only own four or five different CDs?- bar selection not very good. Only four kinds of beer, all of which were difficult to drink in quantity after the first day. (And i DO like to drink in quantity!!) Watered-down drinks all started to taste the same -- anything from a water fountain or made with ice had a distinctively stale taste to it (too much sodium added in the purification process?). Stick with the bottled water, not the soda fountain water.- excursions are fairly ad-hoc and not well communicated. We reserved an excursion to a local horse ranch for horseback riding. The trip was cancelled due to having not enough signups, and no notification was left for us at the departure point, where we sat waiting around. TWO days in a row.- communication in general could be better -- there is no 'message board' for guests to leave notes for each other, and there didn't seem to be a single spot where you could get all the info you needed about everything going on. You have to go here to find out about excursions, go there to find out about water excursions, go there to find out about massages...- some 'extras' are a little overpriced, particularly laundry. Bring your own little bottle of Woolite to wash and dry your suit -- and your own clothes line and clothes pins for drying clothes on your balcony. Also note that there are no ATMs on site - bring your own USD in various denominations.- internet connection is pricey and antiquated, don't plan on doing any remote work on line down hereBut of course it's easier to list complaints than praise. This is a good club for a large group, including kids, wanting a trouble-free weekend. Not a good club if you want a super-athletic adventure experience, a swinging singles scene, or a quiet romantic couples' getaway.In general I think we all felt it was a fabulous place for a four or five day weekend. Seven days was a bit much for us, we started to get antsy to get home to our own beds and better beer.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous for all ages Our clan of 13, ranging from age 2 to 74, had a marvelous time. My adult children kept coming up to me saying This is a GREAT place!. The MiniClub was wonderful for the little ones, and the caretakers seemed very loving; the children were glad to go every day. We particpated in almost everything - my daughter-in-law did the trapeze and not only swumg, but was caught by the expert and swung back; we swam, my grandson played water polo and water basketball, three of us tried the windsurfing,, which got more feasible as the wind dropped, we went snorkling, took tennis lessons and one of my sons played in a tournament, tried the archery, some did the in-line skating, I took in the coffee games in the bar. Contrary to what we had read here on earlier reports, there was no shortage of towels - two per person refreshed daily in the rooms, one for the beach additional which you could exchange for fresh as much as you liked. There was also a large bottle of water for each person in the rooms, replaced daily. My husband had a fall and got good first-aid assistance, as did my son who scraped his nose on the bottom of the pool somehow. The food was varied and delicious - one night the restaurant we visited offered both lobster and Beef Wellington. There was nightly entertainment in the theatre, and some of the guests dressed up for the occasion, plus dancing lessons, pilates, yoga, and a bar that never seemed to close. Everyone wants to go back! The rooms were perfectly nice - not posh, but pleasant, and everything was spotlessly clean.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing This Is the most amazing place i have been to. my kids loved it they are 14 and 17 they had an amazing time at the ramp. the whole atmosphere was great, we all want to go back.P.S. The G.O.s are amazing  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best family Vacation ever!! New Year's 2006 - Club med Punta Cana! My husband, 2 yr old, 3 yr old and I arrived New Year's Eve morning. Check in is at 3pm and check out is at 11am. We told the reception we had arrived and they assigned us a room number and told us we would have to wait until 3pm. We could check back with them around 3pm and they told us to go enjoy Club Med. We were prepared for this and had a carry on with bathing suits and lotion which we took straight to the transit room where we changed and went to the pool after stopping at the lounge. Lunch was ready at 12:15 and the kids enjoyed all the choices. They also have a snack bar right on the beach which is open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and 11pm until the disco closes! This was perfect if you wanted a late night snack or didn't feel like going to the restaurants. At 3pm after we played at the pool (get up early to save a lounge for the babies by the kiddie pool) and had lunch we checked with reception and our room was ready. We headed to the Paradise Island Building which happened to be across from one of the restaurants and next to the Mini Club!!New Year's Eve was a blast!! Thanks Abdel! (Manager of resort)We signed the babies up for the Petit Club and Mini Club on Sunday for the week. (It is closed Saturdays.) You can drop them off and pick them up whenever you would like. Sometimes they cried for the first 5 to 10 minutes but whenever we checked on them, they were smiling and having a great time. The treasure hunts, face painting, singing, dancing, beach, pool, donkey rides, lawn parties and the show they put on for the parents! They loved eating lunch in the restaurant with all the other children and even napped with the other children!On the days we spent at the beach with the babies we took advantage of the camp from 7:30pm-9pm so we could have dinner alone. Some couples even took advantage of the siesta (babysitting) service from 9pm-1am. There is absolutely no reason couples with children can not find some alone time to enjoy the sailing, windsurfing, snorkeling, beach, a night out or even an excursion. Next visit we will take the catamaran excursion that many guests said was beautiful. Sailing, windsurfing, etc. lessons are available every day.Older children had the trapeze, roller blading, skate boarding, etc. We saw kids with razor scooters so they could travel the village easily. The place is so family friendly and the kids are always on the go with so much to do.You can excercise all day long if you wanted. Power walks, aerobic classes on the beach, aerobics in the pool or ocean and you could also use the gym until 8pm.The GO's are wonderful and always happy and enjoyable. They all new my children by name and when ever my children saw them they would run to them and have so much to say. Yes they will sit with you at lunch, with the other guests or if you prefer you can find a table for two or for four if you don't want to sit with other people. We enjoyed the company and the conversation. Yes there are times when the GO's hang together on their very little time off and they deserve it!The grounds are maintained daily and the rooms are perfect for 2 adults and 2 children with one walk in closet. It was comfortable and clean. I enjoyed the food. I didn't have to cook or do dishes for 10 days. That always makes the food more enjoyable right off the bat. Seriously, there is always fresh fruit, fruit juices and all kinds of salads and vegetables. The lunch meats are different unless you stick to the ham. There are always all kinds of cheeses and breads which were delicious. At lunch or dinner you can help yourself to a bottle of wine. If you don't like the Greek night, Asian night, Italian night, or Mexican night food there is always the stand-by food (kid food): chicken nuggets, popcorn shrimp, pastas, bolognese sauce, french fries, pizza, sliced roasts, mashed potatoes, ice cream and a row of deserts. I have read reviews with complaints about the food and I just don't get it. My children ate at every meal and were never hungry and never complained.Yes, there are a lot of different languages spoken here, including a lot of french. I had no problems speaking with anyone. I only speak english and only a few people could not understand some english and we would speak until we figured out what we were trying to say to each other. Again, before traveling, I read other reviews and new that French was the main language spoken here so why act suprised or annoyed at this after the fact?Yes, the French are not like Americans. They are not pushy but do not feel it is necessary to do like the Americans and queue up at a buffet table just to stroll down the table one item at a time slowing everyone up. That is why while we stand in a line at one end of a table the French and other nationalities walk up to the item they would like and take it and walk away. Quick and easy. There are no lines at Club Med.No one (especially the French) is ashamed of their bodies here and going topless is not a problem. The only problem I had was I got bit by flies. I was the only one that got badly bitten. Ten bites on each leg. My husband got bit twice. Oh well, next time I'll bring some repellent and of course there were the usual complainers that have nothing good to say about anything and can't relax on vacation and should just stay home. Every couple and family we met were very nice and we chatted with them every day. We did change our return flight and stayed three extra days!! We will definately return with all four of our children next time (they could not miss school this trip). My little ones are still singing the Chihuahua song and speaking a few words in different languages. Club Med is a must try resort.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DiscoOne
<Content>Great for most, Not for everyone,               More photos  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Med- best family vacation out there- New Years 2006 We are a family of 5 that has returned to various Club Med's for 7 years now. It is a great holiday for families with kids. The mini club/kids club are great. The kids have a wonderful time and do tons of activites. They are not kept in a room coloring...they participate in trapeze, tennis, swim, soccer and many other things. There is always a choice for them so if a kid likes sports he can do that but if he doesn't, he can do something else. Our kids have grown up going there and they always love it as do we. The rooms are average but we don't really care because we don't spend any time in them other than to sleep and shower. The food is always very good. We have been to other resorts such as Riu and the food is way better at Club Med. As far as activites go, nothing comes close to Club Med. From the trapeze to fitness and all the water sports such as sailing, windsurfing, snorkelling, kayaking...it is all there for you to use if you choose. The beach is beautiful. It is busy at one end and quieter at the other. The GO's are extremely friendly and always willing to go the extra mile. They interact with the guests but that is the Club Med way. The older teenagers love that. The shows are cute, very amateur but well done. If you are looking for a great family holiday where everyone can do there own thing, this is definitely the place.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fell below expectations traveled to club med punta cana in nov 2005 for a week with my wife and 2 y/o son. we have been to other club med villages before. chose this resort primarily because of the kids club so we could have some free timewhat i liked:nice setting - grounds were well kept - resort was private, there were no other resorts next to it - there was a beach designated for adults at the far end of the village - food  variety were good and typical of club med - water front restaurant view was really nice - many palm trees on the beach providing shade - most kids would not want to stay at the kids club and cry when being dropped of by parents despite many activities offered - a/c in rooms was very cold maybe too cold.what i disliked:when picked up at airport, taxi driver that worked for club med tried to charge me for the transport to the village - THIS IS ATTEMPTED ROBBERY - airport transfers are always included in the price - don't be fooled - took at least 2 hours to have a room ready for us - rarely saw the chief of the village so i could not complain to him - i think we were the only americans the week we were there - EVERYONE spoke french - not that i have anything against french but it would be nice to able to communicate with other guests - beach was nice but had way too much sea grass washing ashore along with garbage on some days - ONE DAY THERE WAS A SYRING THAT WASHED UP ON THE BEACH - NO KIDDING! - the dive instructor had his dog tied up to the dive shack and the dog would bark at times making it very difficult to be able to relax or nap on the beach - had to complain several times before the dog was taken away only to return several days later - was very dissapointed - dogs really do not belong at a resort especially if it is not well behaved - we are paying alot money for some relaxation and do not need to be bothered by people's pets! dog also took a dump next to the rest rooms and i almost stepped in it! GO'S seem to only care about entertaining themselves after evening shows - they would only dance among themselves and the music was alomost all muerenge' and not club med themes - was tired of bouncing back and forth between restaurants -they would always alteranate dinner and luch with the two restaurants - the bread was not nearly the same as other club med's, especially the white chocolate bread! the excursion to manatee park was a big waste of time and money - do not be lured into it - not worth the money - the other excursions are a rip off as well - don't waste your money on the snorkeling trip - they take you just off the beach with a boat and you can just swim yourself to the same snorkeling sites just off the beach - diving is a waste as well - nothing nice to see - i guess i am spoiled and used to provo, cozumel and san salvador club med - once again, i came here primarily for the kids club - boy do things change when you have kids! be carefull when you go sailing - if you get into trouble as i did, the GO'S are busy chatting with the girls and may not notice you drowning!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horrible I saw young kids drinking at night making so much noise  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation!! Had a wonderful time at Club Med Punta Cana. My wife and my 2 daughters, 7 and 4 also rated it one of our best family vacations.The property is rather large but well-kept. Large European/French contingency so if you have any hangups about people speaking other languages or from being from different countries, you might want to stay somewhere in Florida. Brush up on your French. Exercise/Activities:There are plenty of activities to keep you and your family entertained. For me, I swam, worked out and played volleyball everyday. The work out room needs to be expanded as it was full and crowded everytime I went. They also have yoga, kickboxing classes, etc. on the beach facing the water in a covered cabana which was wonderful. We also took advantage of the trapeze at the Circus. Food: Food was very good with a wide variety. Breads, desserts and fish entrees were excellent. The only problem was getting there. Having to eat buffet style every night gets a little old - also be prepared for some walking if you are not in staying in the two buildings closest to the main facility.Kids Clubs: Can not praise the GOs enough that took care of our 2 daughters. In the 2 different groups they belonged to; the snoopies and the speedies they participated in a myriad of different activities; circus, rollerblading, hip-hop, etc. including the stage show on Thursday Night. Room: Our room was clean but was little dated. Lay out was great having seperate area for kids seperated by French Doors. Nice but not luxurious. Again - would highly recommend this for someone who wants lots of activities; family vacation with different choices for each individual, this is the place to go.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>simbenz
<Content>The best vacation for relaxation and water sports!!! We just got back yesterday from Club Med Punta Cana. When I woke up this morning I was upset that I was still not there!! I'll give a breif run down on what it was like.Pool - great for small children!!! It also had a deeper end for older kids. Large and lagoon style. Beware...there might be a few, not many topless women there. But get used to it...a lot on the beach too. Not a big deal, it's also not like going to the playboy mansion. Restaurants - there are two. The main one is La Samana, closer to the main bar and Hispanola furthur along the beach. It was a five minute walk from the pool area. depending how you walk, it could be ten minutes. Samana is supposed to be ariconditioned, but we fould it very hot...(well, it was august). Hispanola is open air, but it's very hot in august too. Food was good enough. There was plenty to choose from. There were some things I would not touch, but the choice wad very good. Yes, everything was buffett and there were no regular cherios for little kids...only froot loops. The fish was very good too!!! They had the best ribs on mexican night!! And if at the carving staion you need your meet more cooked (often rare) just ask, and they will put it back on the grill for you.Water - Purified water everywhere and available at any time. they use reverse osmosos for the ice and drinking water. Don't drink the water from the tap in your room. They provide a bottle of water for each person that can be refilled. But there are huge coolers filled with water along with plastic cups at each water sport hut on the beach. Water fountain a plenty!!The show - cute, but amature....they are good for a laugh and a smile...don't expect broadway, but do expect to see the guy who so patiently helped you learn how to sail or windsurf to be doing something in the show!!! The room - Very basic, good enough. We were never in the room. We faxed a room request for the colon building which for us was fine because it was right off the main reception area, near the main resteraunt. The airconditioning was excellent!!! The shower...yup it needed X-14 on the grout and the shower curtain was a bit yukky...but all in all it was fine. Ifg your uptight about ants...being that this place is so tropical...bring raid ant killer for your room. Not a big deal really, but it might concern some. THERE ARE NO DRAWERS except small ones in bedside. They provide cubbies for clothing, but there needs to be a few more shelves put in. Bring xtra hangars. there are a lot, but bring your things on hangers. The staff - very nice...you'd think everyone who worked there took a happy pill...but that's they way you have to be when you work at club med!!! The water sports people paid attention to detail and showed they cared about you and making sure you had fun. Mosquitos - In the summer they spray the grounds at dusk and dawn. I think I got a few bite, but nothing unusual.The Europeans - nicest bunch of people I have ever met. The french are the nicest. We had good conversation a dinners. Lovely...You could just feel the love from everyone. Smiles and bonjour are common when you walk by strangers. I'm in tears that I'm not there now.The beach - nice white and pink sand. A lot of beach chairs. Big enough!!! Very nice!!!!!As far as dressing at night....it's not a cruise, nor an upscale rsort where you need to bring your best stuff. It's hot at night in the summer month's. I wore flip flops the entire time and if it has nylon in it...forget it. Cotton works best there. I liked the fact that I never needed or felt the pressure to dress up at night. It's a bit more dressy than what you'd wear to the supermarket, but if you wear a short denim skirt with a tank top...fancy bely...thats dressed. Some get dressed, but not the majority. they do have nights where it's all white, or red and white or bright colors. or denim an white, or sports night...but really...you can wear anything. If you should need more info or have any questions...feel free to e-mail me at simbenz@aol.com  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KalNY
<Content>It Is What It Is My kids and I returned this year for our second stay. Truth be told, every resort has it's issues and this one is no exception. My kids (12  16), however, payed no mind to the shortcomings and always have a blast making new friends and enjoying the activities. The other posters have pretty much accurately described the village. Overall, the resort grounds are pretty and well maintained. My only gripe is with the attitude of the front desk and the quality/location of the rooms. Maybe they're so uncaring because they get so many complaints about the rooms. Maybe it's just customer service French style... who knows? There are two main buildings on either side of the village center. Stay in these (at an extra cost) unless you don't mind a 1/4 mile or more walk to your building. The first room we were assigned to last year and this year reeked of mold and mildew- like a wet basement. You could see the black mildew around the AC vents and on the white plastic curtain liners. It seems all bathrooms can use a hit of X-14 grout cleaner in the showers. Last year it was a major hassle getting the room switched- they said they were full and had no comparable room until the next day, unless I wanted to pay extra. This year they switched us the same day but the room was even further away. Anyway, don't settle for a reeking musty room. Otherwise the rooms are OK considering how little time you spend in them.Other tips:-If you arrive early as we did, you can leave your luggage in the front depot and change into resort wear in the attended transit room where you can lock up your valuables until your room is ready. Although not obligated to have our room ready until 3pm, they promised it would be ready by 1:00, which it was.-The food seemed to be better than last year. Go for the chow that you see coming hot off the grill or made right before you.-If you pay in dollars at the boutique they will want to give your change in pesos so use small bills or charge to your room.-Establish an account at the front desk upon check in and get a code to make outgoing calls. If you don't, credit card calls start at $20!-It's true, you need to get out early of you want a poolside chaise under the palapas.I'm definately going back next year again. The kids love it and the village pretty much offers everything you could want. And it's a bargain with the special deals that they offer. If you chill-ax you will have a great week. Questions? Ask me.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>3	5	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jersey64
<Content>On the fence Well, what can I say I was warned. We traveled in June to Club Med Punta Cana. It had to be 105 degrees with 105 percent of humidity. The airport was a hot as Hell. The rooms were nothing fancy but clean and the beds were comfortable. The beach was very nice white sand but small. The rooms reminded me of a Jersey shore beach house rental. Be prepared to walk. The resort is spread out. The room I had was a 15 minute walk to the beach. It was really the pits if you forgot something or your diarrhea kicked in which was often and you had to go back to the room. Lots of activities for children and teens. The shows were ok but remember your not on Broadway. If your on a diet this is the place for you. The food was not great everthing tasted the same. Stick with the fruit and bread. My family got sick after the fourth day with a stomach bug. This resort was 90% European. Everyone was very very friendly especially the French believe it or not. We only met one nasty family and they were from the US. If you arrive with an attitude got luck. We had a wonderful time and made the best of it. My son age11, girls 14 16 had a great time. I brought my tennis racket but never used it because it was too hot. There was so many activites I don't know how anyone could complain. If your looking for a luxurious resort this is not the place for you.If your looking for a place where even a teen will have fun run not walk.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>forberger
<Content>Fabulous Family Vacation It just amazes me that some people can find so much to criticize about such a great hotel. Yes, this is not a Marriott or Hyatt. Yes, it is oriented to an international crowd. And yes, they have no swim-up bar. But, for a great family vacation, a chance for everyone to truly pursue their own thing, and for a beautiful property where things actually work and the staff actually cares, this place can't be beat.We stayed at the Club Med Punta Cana from August 9 - 17. While this may seem to be in the middle of hurricane season, we had excellent weather (a total of 15 minutes of rain for the week), and a great experience. The kids clubs are very well managed, with groupings from infant to age 17. The staff at the hotel are the happiest group I have ever encountered in the Caribbean. Events started on time, were well organized, and worked. We were fortunate to be there on a French holiday, and had a fireworks display, unlimited lobster, and excellent entertainment.Down side? The resort is huge, so it's important to try to get a room near the center/pool. Also, the idea of every meal being a buffet can get a bit old.Up side? Chance to be in a truly international setting (do you really want to go on vacation with everyone that you seem to run into every day?); being at a Caribbean resort where rooms are clean, property is pristine, and staff is happy.I would recommend this resort for anyone seeking a fun family vacation.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Niiiiice!!!! We were there July 22-30 and had a great time. Lots and lots to do, nice beach, and friendly staff.We had our 3 kids ages 8, 6, and 4 with us and they all went to the kids club most of the days. If you like an active vacation and like to participate in resort activities, you need more than a week to really take advantage of all the free activities offered. It took us 2 to 3 days just to figure out what was available and when. Although we were there for 8 days, by the time we got into a routine, it was time to come back :-((Would definitely recommend it to families with kids and we will certainly be going back.As others have noted, this is not a 5 star resort with 5 star service. We typically like to do the 5 star vacations ourselves but have been sold on the Club Med concept of having fun. Once you are there, try not to look for things to criticize but realize that the staff is trying to get you to have fun.Finally, this is a nice resort that grows on you after a few days of being there.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I had hoped or expected at all We have just returned from our Club Med family vacation, July 29-Aug. 6., and while the DR is BEAUTIFUL the Club Med is NOT as described in their brocures. We booked directly thru Club Med figuring we would know Exactly what we were getting for our vacation dollars.While there are many nice things to say about Club Med (just read other accounts on the children's activities, food, etc..) there are really many bad qualities about this resort. First, this is not a 4 star resort in room quality. Yes, they are adequate in size, but the air conditioning set at 76.9 (by Club Med) was intolerable. The air conditioning was NOT programmable by rooms. Only 1 water bottle per person/per room for the ENTIRE week. No stocked refrig., decent size towels, etc... Television was set at a very low level of sound and almost unhearable. Coffee makers and safes didn't always work and money was stolen from a friend's room early on. Yes, American's are truly the MINORITY. My husband, myself and our two children (ages 12 and 13) went on the Catamaran trip and were the ONLY English speaking on board. We tried to make the best of it, but noticed we were constantly being pointed at and laughed at. Teenagers are everywhere, which is fine as this is a family resort, but heaven forbid you are larger than a size 3. You will be the brunt of jokes all week long. This happend to me, (size 12) and my daugherter, (size 8) as well as ANYONE larger than them. Families we talked to were mortified at it and some teenagers wouldn't leave there rooms because the felt fat. These are averaged sized people who are made to feel very unwelcome. Many complaints were made to the GO's and Front Desk, but all were told that the GO's didn't want the teenagers to get angry with them so they didn't do anything about it! At this point me and many other familes took matters into our own hands and put an end to it by confronting the people everytime they said something, but who wants to have to do that! You won't get a seat by the pool unless you save one by at least 7 AM. The beach fills up rapidly as well so plan on setting your alarm to run to the pool or beach to save seats and then come back to sleep. The food is great, but make sure you are on time for the restaurants, because they stop supplying the buffet about an hour before closing and wont always get the best that was served. Also, they don't turn-over tables at either of the restaurants, so be prepared to sit where they tell you. Even if there is an empty table ocean front window they will NOT set it up for you if it has already been used!!Also, be prepared to treat your towels as gold...you get one towel per towel card and if you do not return a towel card to check out desk upon departure you will be billed! Sometimes the pool crew will take your towel and you CAN NOT get a new one!!! Many complaints were made on this rule, but again, no cares from the desk. I don't want to give the impression that this vacation was horrible, it wasn't, but I do want to emphasise this point...When we were on the plane coming home EVERYONE who went to club med had many complaints about the resort being only 2star quality and European catered, but NO ONE from any of the other resorts had any complaints at all. All were thrilled beyond belief with their resorts (all different) while my family and the other families from Club Med (all perfect strangers to one another) were dissappointed. Beach was tiny...beautiful, but much smaller in comparison to other resorts. The pool was very HOT and much smaller than the other resorts on the island. No extras with this Club Med at all. Very basic, very standard and not at all what is described in their brochure.Apparantly other resorts are true 4-5 start quality. Pool Bar Service, real air conditioning in rooms and restaurants, stocked fridges in rooms, turned over tables, ample food right up to closing, no bracelets to where and NO time between 12 and 2:30 when activites such as snorkling, sailing, windsurfing and kayaking shut down. I LOVE the Dominican Republic and will visit again, but NEVER with Club Med after learing from others about their more American friendly 5 star resorts.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A so so vacation After hesitating for a while I set my mind on going to this particular Club Med, convinced by a friend's raving reviews.... What i failed to realize was that my friend had gone with her husband and kids, I was going alone. And alone I stayed.I would say that a good 80% of the staff was completely aloof. Many criticism I read about is the language barrier. Yet, I speak french fluently and still could not seem to reach out to the staff whose job is, supposedly, to keep guests entertained. Had I wanted to have no interractions at all, I wouldn't have picked this particular brand!A few hosts of course, acted as such and were friendly enough. But the great majority couldn't probably care less. Perhaps the best example would be the general manager who appeared to be quite self absorbed and loved to get into conversations... if they revolved around himself. Club med should think twice before promoting to such a high profile management position a person lacking people skills and courtesy.Food was so so and lacked presentation and variety. Facilities are starting to get old...All in all, if you are looking for a place where you can lay on the beach and drop your kids off in a children's program: this is the place. If you are traveling alone don't even think about it!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lindacote
<Content>beautiful club med, Punta Cana My husband and I (mid fifties) went to Punta Cana, Club Med. Beautiful area, beautiful beaches. We both enjoyed our stay very much. We stayed in a suite - a long distance from any activity, very quiet - it was a pleasant walk beside the beach to get to our room on the second floor - much better choice - great views of the ocean, very private area. The only fault was that a couple with a small baby was in the next room and the baby cried a lot during the night awaking us. Suggestion to Club Med - put families with babies in the same section of lodging. Adults at this Club Med were definitely outnumbered by kids - if you have a family, this is the place to visit! The children are well surpervised - from what I saw and even though there were a few big babies most children were in heaven with the activities offered. Although we were a couple, we had pleasant dinners every evening - we dined later than most families - thus perhaps not many children running about. I'm sure earlier in the evenings, there are lots of children in the dining rooms. We weren't hassled by children nor did we sit at BIG tables of families - we sat at a table for two by the open window overlooking the ocean - this was ideal for lunches and dinners - truly recommended. The bars were really great, made better mixed drinks than a lot of posh all inclusives that we have been too. Dinners were a lot of fish dishes, no hardship if you enjoy fish, which we do - also salads were great to put together ourselves. AND, the white chocolate bread was SOOOO good. Breakfasts were a great variety of anything - a healthy choice, and there was not only pancakes but REAL crepes! what a delight, and the white chocolate bread - SOOO good. We played tennis most mornings, the staff were very pleasant - round robins were well planned. We were involved in the dancing activities by the beach area that were very enjoyable - lots of laughts by all. The beaches are very clean, you could see all the small fish in the ocean - it was clear and beautiful to swim or snorkel in. Groups go out all the time with a guide, very nice feature. There are great activities for all groups of people, not just children. We didn't partake of evening activities but I'm sure they were also great but the shows starting at 11:00 PM were just too late for us, we did have a long walk back to our room - no complaints though, after all I did eat a lot of white chocolate bread! And the wine at lunches and dinner, help yourself service, was excellent and good tasting also! There were plastic carafes to take wine back to your room to drink on the balcony overlooking the ocean! Very pleasant.I have no complaints about anything about Club Med, Punta Cana, we were treated very pleasantly by everyone and yes, we would someday revisit!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>michiganjeff
<Content>Fair to Below Expectations After anxiously hearing that Hurricane Emily missed the Dominican Republic, my family and I proceeded as planned with our Club Med Vacation during the week of July 17th-July 24th, 2005.I am not going to repeat what many have written, but I must say that in comparison to Sandpiper Club Med, this village is by far much prettier and well maintained. The grounds are beautiful and the ocean/pool are quite picturesque. One must be prepared for the OPPRESSIVE humidity in the Dominican Republic. It was quite hot and the occcasional overcast sky was welcomed.I must say that I am American and I enjoy being around a wide range of cultures, HOWEVER it was quite obvious that Club Med geared everything toward the French. From its cuisine down to the entertainment. There was a social host named Gaston who attempted to speak English during various trivia games being held, but as time progressed through the game all he would speak was French. The food I would not call awful yet was not what I expected at all. I do believe that it is more difficult to get quality meats/produce to the D.R. All meats were prepared rare ( I was told by the chef that the French like it that way). The rooms are rather small but are well airconditioned. The front desk was rather rude and persnickety at times. Many times I would ask for something in my native English tongue and was told that  I will try speaking English. I did take the Discovery Tour and enjoyed it immensely- especially when we visited a school in the country and a house owned by a Dominican Man and his Belgium wife- They were so nice and offered us fruit and demonstrated how they live in the country with no electricity and how they made their own coffee and cocoa. Club Med needs to open up their eyes and realize that their staff needs to speak English much better than it currently does. All in All, trip was okay. I may return to the D.R. but perhaps at a different resort.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great 50th anniversary with the family! We had an incredible 50th anniversary/ Family reunion at Club Med Punta Cana July 2-9! The ambiance and food were great and the beach beautiful. They even reserved a table for our party of 12 at meals! We so enjoyed the excursion Discovery, visiting the plantation of Christian and Alexandra. Our 6 city kids loved it! I would like to know how to write to them to thank them; need a last name and address.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Really Good Family Vacation Our extended family (6 adults, my 17 yr-old son, 2 younger teenage girls and a 9-yr old boy) spent 10 days at this resort and, for the most part, really enjoyed ourselves. As mentioned earlier, the first view of the beach from the lobby is spectacular. The greeting was understated and the G.O. doing it should have made a point of our going to the Orientation as it would have saved us some time over the first day or so.Our rooms were out on the Back 40 in a building complex named Ixtapa. All buildings there are named after other Club Med reosrts. We had a 5-10 minute hike to the pool/beach area so it was really important to have enough beach bags to hold everything you need for the day to avoid having to go back to the room in the heat to retrieve things. The rooms are quite large with two rooms and sleeping arrangements for four, a little TV, tons of closet space, two safes, coffee maker, small TV and a CD player. We did have a problem with our AC the first two days - hard to sleep when your room is at 83 degrees - and I did have to make four calls and get a little assertive to get it fixed.This was our second Club Med experience and we found the service level to be competent and overall fairly friendly. However, there were a significant amount of G.O.s who, while never rude nor impatient, were going through the motions and not as friendly as we had previously experienced. The evening shows were fairly hokey and we stopped going after the first few nights. The interactive show and kids shows (only if you have one of yours involved) were fun.The food was very good particularly the fresh fruit (go for that passion fruit and drip a little raspberry or chocalate syrup over the top) and desserts. Buffet style is great as everyone from the pickiest eater on can pick and choose. If you're a white wine drinker, make sure to put the bottle on the table on ice right away as the serving tempature is warmer than most American tastes. If you want wine right away you can grab a bottle from the fridge located in the beverage area. Hispanola, the open-air restaurant, is great! A good breeze, nice views, try to get an outside table unless it's rainy or real windly. The other restaurant, can't remember the name though it starts with an 'S', is not as nice. Being closed, the food smells were unplesant the couple of times we did eat in there. However it's the only place open for breakfast. The food is virtually the same in both places. There is the Snack Shack located on the beach which serves burgers, hot dogs, great cheese fries, nachos, etc which is open late. The beach bar is great to hang out at in the evening though our 17 yr old wanted us gone from there by 11:30pm as the kids take over.The pool is huge but, as with other resorts, there are a limited amount of lounge chairs and unless you go out early in the morning and throw towels over some to reserve them you won't find many to choose from later in the day. Personally, I wish resorts would police this better as many chairs sit most of the day with a clean towel on them on no one using them except for a couple of hours. The water temp in the pool is quite warm for my taste. The beach is great. You can snorkel, swim, kayak, etc and the water, while comfortable, is more refreshing than the pool.Activities are varied and plentiful. There are a couple of volleyball courts on the beach and you can always get into a game in you wish. Four ping pong tables near the fitness center, basketball, roller blading for kids. To combat massive food intake, I used the fitness center everyday and found it to be a pretty nice facility though they often seemed to be out of towels after 1pm so you might want to bring your own to be safe. Lots of Life Fitness steppers, a couple of treadmills, universal gym equipment and free weights. It is air conditioned but you still want to take it a little easier than at home as heat does take it's toll. Also, they need to enforce their rules better. Too many young kids in the way and people w/o shirts and/or shoes using the equipment which is kind of disgusting.Our group did a few of the excursions though not all of us went each time. The shopping excursion was ok to good. Be prepared to bargain as your Club Med bracelet automatically qualifies you for the highest-possible asking price. Try to get at least half off. The Manitee (probably wrong name but close) animal park was just ok in my book. The shows were not nearly as good as what you would see back home and not unique enough to invest time in unless you have small children who will love it. However us adults did get a kick out of the native (dirty) dancing and the very, very happy dancing sea lion (have to see it to know what I'm talking about as it's not something to be described in a family review such as this one). The Domican Colors was the best in my book. The amount of bus time is a pain but the time spent in the speedboat, lobster lunch in a private home, and the public beach time made it more than worthwhile. You might want to bring a change of clothes for the long ride back to Club Med so you don't have to sit in a wet bathing suit in the air-conditioning. Another activity, which I didn't participate in, was Horseback riding. Go in the morning. Twice as long w/o excessive heat. The ride is easy and the scenary is great. A couple of our group did the Santa Domingo trip and loved it. However, it is 3.5 hrs there and back again so it's a long day. They said the city is bustling with energy, great museums, some shopping, etc.We got pretty lucky with the weather. It did rain a few times but not for very long. When it does rain, it comes down in buckets and is usually accompanied by thunder  lightening so have some indoor activities available (we played poker). This resort is more frequented by French than Americans and, while everything usually gets translated, once in a while you have to ask them to make sure to give you the English version as French is spoken first. Some of our group were put off by this particularly when it involves younger childre in the Kid's Club. The nine yr old in our group didn't really like the Kids Club because so many of the kids were French and they couldn't communicate to make friends. Don't expect the French guests to be very friendly unless you speak their language well. I didn't really care that much but I did hear other Americans complain about French snobbery and lack of courtesy.Overall, Club Med Punta Cana is a very good resort. Good accomadations and food with lots of activities to choose from for daytime entertainment. Not a lot of nightlife choices though particularly for adults. Be careful to use potable water for brushing teeth and coffee in room. Most of the adults in our group had to deal with travellers diahrea for at least a day or more so bring Immodium. Have fun, be happy.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Hampson
<Content>Bad start to our vacation We are 9 time vistors to The Dominican so know this island pretty well. Stayed in many areas and in many 4+ and 5*+ all inclusive hotels. We travel with 3 kids who now are teenagers.Our flight left Canada at 6.10am which meant we were up at 2.30am to head for the airport. We arrived at the hotel at 10.45am and were told that we could not check in to our room before 3pm. We were very tierd and I asked if the front desk could speak with housekeeping and check if a room was available or could be made available prior to the 4+ hr wait. This request was ignored and they referred us the Club Med catalouge which indicated the check in time. I explained further that my kids had been up since 2.30am and we just needed a place to unpak and get freshened up. It seemed ludicrious to me that a resort, that we learned was only 2/3 full did not have a room available or housekeeping could make available. There were no parties that we saw checking out on this Monday July 4th. However, we were advised that if we wanted to pay an extra $33U.S per person per night they could move us to an ocean view room which would be ready prior to 3pm. We declined as travelling as a family is expensive enough. The front desks lack of helpfulness and couldn't care less attitude set the long day off negatively.We were told to leave our luggage and it would be taken care of. Our luggage, including hand luggage, was left unattended by any hotel personel at the hotel driveway for 4 hrs. It was easy for anyone to have walked off with our luggage. When I pointed this out to a manager I was asked if any of our luggage had gone missing and the fact that it hadn't led to the dismissal of our concern.We finally got a room at 3.30pm, The room was a very long hike from the main activities area and was very very basic. This room was more fitting of a 2* resort not a Club Med. There was fridge with nothing in it. If you wanted a drink you had to walk to the main area. 1 bottle of water per person was provided in the room, once this was used you had to carry the empty bottle to the restaurant and refill it. If you wanted more water provided to your room by housekeeping you would be billed for it.By this point we were so disappointed in the whole Club Med experience that we requested a refund and we were ready to go back to the Riu Palace where we had stayed in 2004. Club Med would not refund us our money and said we would have to deal with it when we return to Canada. I made multiple calls to our travel agent in Canada on my cell phone in an attempt to move hotels. She spoke with Club Med and the hotel staff directly, their response to her was also very negative resulting in her lodging a formal complaint with Club Med head office. Unfortunately the Riu was fully booked so we had to make the best of our stay at Club Med.On our arrival day, after multiple attendances at the front desk and speaking with 2 managers, at about 7pm we were finally moved to a room closer to the amenities. This room, although closer to the action, was no better than the original 2* quality room that we left. I checked out the bathroom and a Cockroach crawled out of the bathroom drain. The grout in the bathroom shower tiles were heavily discoloured by mildew and the room had a damp musty smell, definately not a place you want to linger. The beach area is small so long walks on the beach is out of the question, we expected the long gorgeous Punta Cana beaches as we experienced near the Riu resorts but this was not the case. One of the most surprising things was the lack of promoting the Dominican culture. Very limited Dominican music and too bad if you didn't speak french as this resort definately caters to the French speaking poulation. There may be an odd time when the announcer would speak in English but not too often. This led to us not feeling in touch with what was going on during the day games and evening entertainment. Although the Dominican is a spanish speaking island there was no spanish spoken, we could have well been in France for all the Dominican culture that was promoted.In the 2 restaurants there were only a total of 6 or so tables that sat 2 or 4 people, the rest of the tables (and there were well over 100 tables) at both restaurants sat 8 or 12 people and you were directed to sit with another family by the hostess at every meal time. This camp like seating arrangement was not what we wanted at every meal. We had spent a lot of money to come on vacation as a family, we didn't want to have to make small talk with another group every time we shared a family meal. An odd time would be fine just not every day. It would have been nice to eat with some Dominican music creating an ambience at meal times to try to avoid the fast food hustle and bustle environment. On the positive side the ammenities and level of care offered to the little kids was excellent from what I saw. So this would be a good place for families with little ones who are looking to have good entertaining babysitting services offered. There was definately lots of activities to participate in if you wanted to. Though it was strange that a basic item such as kayaking had set times when the kayaks could not be taken out, I believe this was between noon and 2pm. I was also surprised that there were no cushions for the hard plastic loungers on the beach. It was uncomfortable to try to relax on hard plastic if you wanted to relax and read a book on the beach. The lunches and dinners were excellent with a large variety of different foods ranging from some local food to Beef Wellington and many more countless excellent dishes. The food was the best part of this vacation. This is a resort that we would not visit again even with the allure of the excellent food and close proximity to the airport. Management fell very short on the service level and we feel we lost the first day of our vacation.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Netbum05
<Content>Going Back in Two Weeks!!       Sunrise on the beach  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ready to visit again!       Massage palapas on the beach  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>beautiful,too hot... food inedible! This is a beautiful , huge club , not many americans , being we went in july we now know it is too too hot to do land sports like the trapeze or archery , we did the archery and basically passed out from from heat exhauestion ! fun but very hot , and to cool off in the pool wasn't realy possible becasue the water was hot! as for the room the ac was on 75.6 when i called to have it adjusted i was told thats as cold as it gets.........food awful awful awful we got excited the last night when we saw lobster and caviar....wrong it was cold and no taste no butter no lemon dont get me started on the desserts or coffeeei love my coffee and was miserable for 8 days apparently not a big thing there........ it was nice...would i go back ...No they took my son's cross offf him at the mini club and deny every seeing it ...so we went home minus a baptismal cross , lots of heat exhasution and starving...........  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow!...I repeat, Wow!       Sunrise on the beach  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Reunion Just got back yesterday, very hot and humid and rained the last two days. The resort is huge so try and get a room close to the pool. Also we did the reef fishing, not worth it out of the two hrs we caught one fish and had to go to the marina for gas. The circus was really fun and wish I would have tried it earlier in the vacation. 14+ start at 4:00 pm. We went down on a famliy reunion and it was great!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful vacation We were at the Club Med Punta Cana from May 29-June 3. It was such a great vacation! My husband and I were at this resort on an incentive trip with my business 17 years ago and loved it. We wanted to go back with our children who are now 15 and 21. Everyone had an incredibly wonderful time! The resort has been renovated and it was quite different from when we were last there. The rooms are all suites with TV's and most ammenities that US hotels provide. When we were there long ago there were no locks on the doors, much less TVs, CD players or phones. There is so much about Club Med that you have to love! The food is great, so much to choose from. We especially liked the Hisponola restaurant which is an open air restaurant on the beach. There's lots of water and land sports to enjoy. We did the trapeze which is an awesome thing to try. My son really liked the work out room. I took the yoga class on the beach which was so nice and you even get a foot massage at the end! There's also kayaking,sailing and lots of other activities. The beach is so beautiful and there was an ocean breeze that just made it so enjoyable! Our 21 year old son had a great time as did our 15 year old daughter. We barely saw our daughter. In addition to the mini-club there is also a teen program where a GO (genteel organizer) takes the teens to different activities. She met so many new friends and had such a good time with them. They were all crazy about the GO who was in charge of the teens. They liked it because he didn't act like he was in charge, just having fun with them. The GO's are from all over the world and some of the nicest people you'd ever want to meet. It is their job to sit with you at meals and to make you feel at home while you are there but they really go the extra mile. They seem genuinely interested in you and your family and they are truly what sets Club Med apart from the rest. I also never felt like we had to know another language while we were there. English is not the first language of many of the GO's but they all speak it and never make you feel like you need to speak French or Spanish.  A few people got sick but it was nothing like what you hear from reviews of other resorts. I think that Club Med is really careful and tries to prevent foodborne illnesses. They give you a couple of bottles of purified water when you check in and you can fill them up at the purified water fountains that are all over. Also, there were armed guards all over the place so we felt safe. They were seen just standing by the guest rooms 24/7. We requested the Colon building after reading reviews about how close it was to everything. It was near the dining rooms and bar and beach and I would suggest requesting this building. I feel sure that we will return to this Club Med. It was an experience of a lifetime. I feel like I've been to paradise!!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jklNy
<Content>Nice vacation but room for improvement We took our second vacation to this Club Med in early March with our two children ages 5 and 3. I researched lots of other places in the Dominican Republic as well as the Virgin Islands, Mayan Riviera, Jamaica and Barbados. There is not a single resort in the Caribbean that does not have a negative review written about it somewhere on the internet, and in the end I was scared off of places that looked and sounded a lot more luxurious than Club Med (and were cheaper to boot). So we decided to play it safe and return to Club Med since we knew the beach would be nice, the food would be edible and we wouldn't get sick, and the rooms would be clean. It was the right decision for us. The rooms had been refurbished since we were there three years ago and parents of small kids will be relieved at the mini-fridges that are now in each room, eliminating late-night treks to the reception desk to retrieve formula. As usual, the grounds and layout of the place were very appealing, and the club is not so large that it is overwhelming. My kids hated the kids club and refused to go on most days, but they have hated every childcare center at every vacation place we've ever been to, so I don't blame that on Club Med. What I did notice, however, is that the number of very fluent English speaking childcare GOs has declined. While this wasn't ordinarily a problem, there were a couple of instances where my 5-year-old was upset about some kind of mix-up and wasn't able to clearly communicate the problem to the GO and they just assumed he was crying about separation issues. It's hard enough trying to figure out what upset little kids are talking about without being hampered by a language barrier. We were not there during a typical school vacation week, and the majority of the guests were French speaking. But most of the GOs are from France or a French speaking area of Canada. We met two American GOs who told us there were only six or eight American GOs in the whole place, so I don't think I am imagining the lack of fluency. Again, this wouldn't stop me from returning, but I do think parents should know this when deciding whether the kids club is right for their particular children, or when deciding how long to stick them in there. The two other things that annoyed us were that the pool was ice cold and the food has gotten worse. It was late February/early March and so the air temperature was not really hot and the pool was just unbearably cold. Also, I think the quality of the food has declined a bit and there were a lot of gloppy dishes that returned as some sort of salad at the salad bar the next day. We were really tired of the food by the fourth day and I fail to understand why a resort on an island like the Dominican Republic can't offer an incredible variety of fresh fruits and vegetables. And the last thing that I find HIGHLY annoying -- I know I said only two but I have to throw this in -- is when you're having a long dinner conversation with a delightful Canadian or French family who are there for two weeks and somewhere during the conversation you realize that they have paid as much for their two weeks as you have paid for one. Club Med charges different amounts to people in different countries, which I guess is fair in a way. But it's still annoying to realize you've paid twice as much as pretty much everyone around you and harder still when you're being served spoiled mangoes and swimming in a freezing pool.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tonyk
<Content>Lousy Weather Unfortunately, eight straight days of rain. You can't blame Club Med, but you should know Punta Cana may not be what you bargained for in terms of sunshine.We traveled with our five and two year olds. The kids club was great and they just may have the best childrens program out there. Our five year old wanted to go every day, including the evening program where they have dinner with the GO's and then the kids show. We felt it was an enriching experience for them as they were exposed to a multi-cultural, race and language environment in a very positive way.We weren't bothered too much by bugs or mosquitoes, but did notice towards the end of our week a pickup in activity. The continuous amount of rain may have a significant impact with the mosquitoes. They spray around the club, but this appears to be a band-aid approach. The CDC did just lift the malria warning, but pay close attention for any changes.The rooms were two star quality - no tub or even a dresser. Don't bother with paying for an upgrade. The Colon building was very convienently located, especially considering the rain - request a first floor room if you have kids and a stroller.Club Med is not for everyone - it's best for those looking for an active, international experience. The GO's are great, but don't expect service American style. No service at the pool or anywhere else - go get it yourself. The front desk wouldn't give change or confirm airline schedules. Not necessarily complaining - just trying to help you with your expectations.The only excursion we did was the shopping one (almost everything else was cancelled due to the weather). Don't bother with the shopping - nothing but junk and the shopowners are extremely aggressive and will harrass you.The snorkeling was ok, but not great by Carribbean standards.The food was surprisingly good given that it is all buffet format.A very good tip I discovered in another review was booking through Bay Club Travel - they'll give you a 10 percent discount. They are also very knowledgeable and answer their calls, as opposed to the annoyingly long hold-times you get calling Club Med direct.The strong point of Club Med are the GO's - they created a good vibe and alot of joie de vivre. Good luck with your decision and have fun!  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i LOVED punta cana!! Club Med Punta Cana was absolutely amazing. Everybody there was so nice and so helpful.We had a large group traveling with us, and all the G.Os made sure that we were well situated.I do have some advice for anyone who is planning to go: make sure you where sunscreen all the time, don't drink the tap water (they have plenty of bottled water on sale in the shop), don't be suprised if you see a few topless French ladies, and most of all HAVE FUN!There was one down side though. There was a maralaria warning, and i don't know if it is still there, but we had to constantly where bug spray. So, just to be on the safe side, you should probably stock up on it.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely awesome!!!       bocce ball by the beach  
<Date>May 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation Our trip to Club Med in Punta Cana was fabulous. My kids (ages 4  11)LOVED every minute. We had some rain, but if you're going to be in the rain on vacation, do it at Club Med where they roll out every activity possible to keep you and the kids entertained. Even in overcast it's wonderful because it's not too hot to do any activity. The kids club is nice and they do a great job, but my kids only participated sporadically. We kept them busy with activities and we enjoyed being together as a family. One downside that we encountered were quite a few rules regarding ages for activities and they seemed quite strict about them. Our 4 yr old wasn't allowed to snorkel, even to try it in knee deep water. Our 11 yr old couldn't scuba. Some kids whose friends spanned ages in the mini club refused to do it because their friends had to be in a different group, etc. - there was no flexibility on that. The only other negative, and it's not a big issue for us, is that now that the club is Total All Inclusive (meaning alcohol, too) the drinks are terrible. We never had a good drink the whole time we were there.But these things were minor. The facility was gorgeous, the best Club Med we've been to (our 5th one) and the GOs, as usual, were terrific down to every last one we dealt with. The Star Cruise speed boat excursion and the horseback riding on the beach were highlights. I would highly recommend this for a family vacation if you enjoy lots of activity and trying new things.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great first Club Med Experience This was our second trip to Punta Cana but our first to Club Med. We have two children 2 and 8. Both participated in the Kids Club. We were extremely impressed with the range of activities and time dedicated to children and children's activities. The GOs were warm and friendly and really seemed to get to know all of the kids in their groups. Nightly activities provided great entertainment for our older child -- puppet shows, story telling, dancing, etc. The weather was great and leisure time for the adults was wonderfully relaxing. Adult activities on the beach and fitness area were fun as well. Can't say enough about the location, the facilities, the GOs, and the special attention to the children. Great time, can't wait to return.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best vacation yet!       Club Med map  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Family Vacation! Just returned from Club Med. You can do nothing or pack your day with fantastic activities! Beautiful beaches, wonderful staff, friendly atmosphere. The kids club is excellent, all GOs are patient and gentle with the kids. They march from activity to activity through the village chanting silly songs! They look so cute and you can tell they are enjoying every minute. This resort has activities for all age groups and all the GOs are great. Every night the GOs put on a show, don't miss it, it's always a good time. Some nights they have a movie for the kids before the show. The movie starts in French, with English subtitles, but switches to English halfway through, with French subtitles. Everything is done in English and French. We never felt excluded or discriminated against for being American neither did we feel that we missed out on the Dominican experience, plenty of Dominican GOs and merengue and salsa lessons!! You must try a lesson! All GOs speak English, they come from all parts of the world and are all friendly. At every meal the GOs join guests tables for a meal and converation. The food is great and a great variety for children. There is milk available at every meal and both bars. Our 4 yo twins had a fantastic time at the mini club and they loved the main pool. Bring a floatie vest so they can navigate through the pool, though there is a shallow part for the little ones. Our kids did get a few blisters on their toes from the pool floor so next time we will bring our wet shoes to avoid that. Yoga by the beach is nirvana, a must do! My husband enjoyed beach volleyball daily. The rooms are perfect since you are only there to sleep and shower! One king size bed and two twin beds in a separate room with a TV. The toilet is in separate room, the shower and sink are in another, which worked out great. Every room has a balcony and they are all air conditioned. Like others have said, they give you a bottle of water per person in your group which you can refill at the water fountains located throughout the village. The restaurants place a pitcher of drinkable water on every table and the main bar has a self serve soda and water fountain. They spray the village twice a day. We had no trouble with mosquitoes. We stopped taking Chloroquine because it was too hard to give it to the kids, it's very hard to mask the taste. We met many people who did not even know about the malaria issue! Other who knew but opted not to take meds and some who were taking it. We did take coopertone sun and bug and worked great as sun protection and at night used a deet spray. Paul Schaeffer (and his family) from the David Letterman show happen to be there the same week! Nice fellow! He is a repeat Club Med Customer! We will definitely return!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some good some bad I went to Club Med Punta Cana in April 2005 and I was overall satisfied.The site: Beautiful! The building where I stayed was in the perfect location: not far from the best restaurant (Hispaniola), not far from the main things (bar, reception, pool, beach) but not too close either. It is a small building (two stories) with 8 rooms total. The decor on the outside of the building is beautiful. The rooms are clean, roomy, with OK decor (2 safes per room, big shower stall, mini-fridge, walk-in closet). The 4 main buildings which are the most requested are not as beautiful and much bigger so not as much serenity. Although they are closer to everything (but you then hear at night the music from bar/night club/shows). Some of the mini-buildings are very far and usually occupied by GOs. I would not recommend these buildings since you would be constantly walking long distances. The bar and reception area are beautiful too. The pool is big: two areas, one very shallow for small kids and one less shallow for adults. However, no deep end, i.e. no diving. The beach was artificially created (sand poured on top of rocky litoral and palm trees planted in the rock), but unless you know this, you cannot tell. The beach is beautiful and there are plenty of lounge chairs for everyone (pool chairs fill up quickly in the morning). The temperature of the water is disappointing. Much cooler than I expected (better than the New Jersey ocean temp but not that much better).Food: Plenty available at both restaurants (Samana and Hispaniola). The Hispaniola restaurant is gorgeous. Such a beautiful setting! But it is only open for lunch and diner (not for breakfast). The Samana is open for all three meals but I would not recommend to go there except breakfast because the setting is just ok (cafeteria look). Quality of food is OK. I was expecting better. Try the Coco and banana donuts, or the Dominican chicken (when available). Be careful with the garlic pasta: EXTREMELY GARLICKY. To avoid catching the turista, I stayed away from the fruit or uncooked vegetables/salads. The fruit was not that great anyway. And even though the Dominican Republic produces lots of oranges, it is impossible to find real orange juice! (only fake juices available).Entertainment: Shows are amusing especially with Tony the main entertainment GO. The night club is right on the beach and open so even if you dance the night away, you can stay cool. Really nice setting and very good music (mix of American, French and Dominican hits).Staff: Overall the staff is very friendly. For women going alone, watch out for the Dominican GOs as they are very flirtatious and tenacious (and don't care if you are married or not!) Management is another story. Not too accomodating . . . Had an issue with them expecting for me to share my room with a total stranger (I went to the Club alone) saying that it is customary at Club Med. However, when I made my reservation on clubmed and paid for my room, none of that was mentioned! (if it had, I would have certainly paid extra to have the benefit of being alone in my room!) It was not mentioned in the voucher that I received a few days later either. And it was not mentioned the day I arrived. I found out one day through a piece of paper that was left in my room while I was at the beach saying that someone would come share my room that night!!! When addressing the problem with management, they could care less about the fact that I was not notified ahead of my reservation or right after and indicated that I should have just known as it was a Club Med tradition (tough to know if you have never gone to a Club Med before . . .). They ended up leaving me alone but only after 45 minutes spent arguing with one of the managers who was down right insulting. . .Excursion: Did the Catamaran excursion to the Saona Island. Worth the money! Lots of fun with very funny GOs (Fanny, Beltran, Osvaldo, Sbastien) and impressive catamaran. Stopped on the way to the island at a natural swimming pool: the dream!!!! And a barbecued meal was awaiting for us on a private beach of the Saona island. Probably the best food I ate in the whole trip! (catered by staff that do not belong to Club Med, that's why!). The water was much warmer than the club's too.So unless you end up having an accommodation problem (which they are very reluctant to solve as seen with my case and other guests I talked to), you should have a great vacation if you are not too picky with water temperature and with food quality.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hobbyguy
<Content>9 days in paradise Decided to spend 9 days at Punta Cana Club med instead of the usual 7. I'm glad I had the extra time. Took my wife and 2 daughters, ages 7 and 8. I have never done so much at a club. We have been to Ixtapa, Martinique, Moorea, Bali, Cancun. Enjoyed Kayaking, sailing, archery, roller blading, vollyball on the beach 2 times a day at 10:30 and at 4:00, vollyball in the pool, vollyball in the ocean, trapeze, shows, wind surfing, the pool and more. To answer questions I had, air temp close to 89 degrees, water close to 80 degrees. No mosquito problems here, they spray twice a day, we brought repelent, never needed it, not one bite. Snorkeling not good in the direct area, but swim out to the waves and you will find very good snorkeling. Went with 2 adults and one 10 year old. 10 year old had a hard time getting back, it gets shallow and then deep and the waves get tiring. It took about one hour to go out and come back. All gear was very good, use the drops at the counter to keep your mask clear, mine stayed clear for the whole hour. Rooms are clean, public restrooms are VERY clean, food was great, drinkable water is supplied when you check in and is available all over the club. Great GO's. You can party here if you want or you can stay mellow, no pressure. Kids had a great time, checked in and out of kid's club as activities were interesting to them. LEARN some Frech before going. 75% of tourists spoke French, but most had some English skills, Spanish is good also for speaking to many resident GO's and food workers and security guards. No problem with theft, never heard of any issues, never saw any issues. Let my kids roam around from place to place by themselves. Overall A+++++++++++++++++ One of the best Club Meds yet!!! Would go again. Email if any other questions, happy to answer.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>summertimecool
<Content>Loved Club Med Beach Wanted to share my experience at Club Med Punta Cana. LOVED IT! I describe it as my ULTIMATE BEACH vacation. I have travelled to numerous carribean vacation spots and I have to say Club Med was it for me! Immaculate...Just myself with my 15 year old daughter. I chose this location just because it offered a program for teens. Not many, if any offer anything for the teenagers. I describe it as very Sports/Fitness orientated. I myself am a gym rat so the fact that they offer CRUNCH FITNESS is an added bonus. Workouts on the beach under the palapa is beautiful. The gym is also excellent. Of course if you don't like the Beach this is not the place for you. All watersports/games are either at the pool or on the beach. The evening entertainment is so-so. I have been to a Club Med many years ago so I knew going in the food  room was so-so. However, I thought the food was excellent not gourmet but top notch. Don't expect chocolates on your pillow at night but the room is very nice almost like a beach bungalow. For the teenagers there were quite a few and ALWAYS activities for them if they so choose to participate. The GO's were very friendly, helpful  fun to talk to. Members were mostly French however there was no communication problem. They spoke English. My only request is that they should get better music. But then again that might make you drink more... Missed my American music.. . Since its a Family resort the Disco is for all ages. Oh, another couple said they missed a swim up bar. I didn't care because the beach bar was cool. Everyone says to request a room in a building close to the main one..however after eating all that food a 5-10 minute walk is not so bad. Highly recommend this spot for families w/Kids that like sports. Seven days would be too much for me however 5 days was great depending your travel time.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just be careful I went to Club Med Punta Cana with my family.The activities are good and you can have fun.Now some tips for your security.They stole my camera on the beach plus $50. The money and the camera were placed inside my bag. I noticed only when I went back to the room in the afternoon.I informed the Reception about that.Two days later I spotted a guy looking at sacks and belongings of people who weren't around. I noticed that the guy was with a bunch of others and that they had blue identification in their wrists.I went to the Reception to inform about that.They called security.After 10 minutes somebody showed up.This security had to call another security person.I asked the recepcionist about the blue ID and they told me that they used that for people who used the facility for one day.When the security finally arrived she asked to the people in the gang if a pink sack placed close by was belong to them. They said yes. But that was not the sack that they were checking before....very strange.Everything looked strange for me. After that the gang placed their sunbeds within one inch of me and my family and were disturbing us the rest of the day. Club Med is a nice place but they should inform the customes that they provided with passes for one day. The Club is in the middle of nowhere and the one day users are locals.After that I spotted more people (with the blue ID) in the next days and they looked like too friendly with some people of the staff.Just to warn you not to leave cameras or money in your sunbeds thinking that you are around customers with better cameras than yours....  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Martha5555
<Content>We will return!!!! We just returned from Punta Cana Club Med March 20, 2005 and had a wonderful time starting from the moment we arrived until the day we departed. I was a single parent traveling with my 2 children 13 and 11 and everyone had a great time. If you are an active family, this is the place to go. We did ask in advance to be in one of the closer buildings (Colon or Ovienda) and our request was granted. All equipment/lessons were top notch and the GO's were great. Tennis pro's were A#1. Only thing, if you are planning to do the ATP program, best to reserve in advance. Food did get a little old towards the end of the trip but we were never hungry.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4th Time!! Amazing               More photos  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GoWithTheFlow
<Content>Club Med knows their "kid business" My husband, three year old son, 68 year old mother in law and I spent a week at Club Med Punta Cana in February. This is our second visit within a year and we were as pleased the second time as the first.The short story is that this is an easy, very kid-friendly resort, good for infants through teens, just minutes from the airport. The food is excellent, abundant and always available and every room a comfortable, though not luxurious, suite. I highly recommend it in every way.The grounds are very well maintained, a pleasure to look at and the service is very good.I was concerned about the malaria warning, so we took the chloroquine tablets without problem. I must say that we did not see a SINGLE mosquito during our entire trip, and I am a magnet for them so the spraying they apparently do twice a day in season must be working.We did not enroll our kiddo in the mini club, but heard and saw good things about it all week. They do not just babysit--those kids play hard, especially the 4 year olds and older.Two notes for the future visitor are: though the water is potable and we did brush our teeth with it, for drinking, use bottled water. Save the two large bottles they deliver to your room on arrival and refill daily at the restaurant, any bar or fountain to keep in your room at night. Second, some of the rooms are quite a distance from the main bar, pool and largest restaurant. If you have problems walking a long way to and fro, or have small kids, do bring your stroller, or request a first floor room near reception.Enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a fantastic time despite the malaria scare We got notice of the malaria warning 2 weeks before our vacation. It sent me into a tizzy. I was traveling with 3 kids and my husband. Caused a huge debate whether to take the pills or not...and then the difficulty of getting a prescription once we decided it was better safe than sorry.Then when you get to PC, and the warm sun is beaming on you, the colors are brilliant, its so festive that the malaria concern seems a million miles away. We did get into a cab that was filled with mosquitos and my husband got bit but we never saw another one for the ten days we were there. We did see them spraying the compound twice. The funny thing is even with 1600 guests, no one was really talking about the malaria. You'd see families popping their pills and get one or two comments but not a big concern. We didn't even bother with the bug spray after the first two days. I would definitely recommend that you get the pill for peace of mind but do not cancel your trip.This is our second club Med trip (the first was in Guadelupe). and we had a great time. My kids didn't really do the kids club and still had a lot of fun. They did a few of the events...they did the trapeze and thought it was a blast. The tennis was excellent. I even tried kayaking, snorkeling, archery and water aerobics...and I'm a lay on the beach type of gal. The GOs were the best. Very engaging and super friendly. They acted like they were on vacation too, rather than working. Food was OK, the dominican specialties were good.They give you three bottles of water the first day. Save the bottles since they don't get replenished. Just fill them up at the water fountains or bar. If you have a little kid (under 6) bring a stroller. The compound is very beautifully landscaped but very spread out. I had to give a lot of piggy back rides. We brought a hammock with us and tied them onto the palm trees on the beach and it was the best. Have fun!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Fun! We just returned from President's Week at Club Med Punta Cana and had a great time. My only issue was the food. It was mediocre at best. Other than that, everything else was great. The GO's were amazing, the entertainment was fun, and the beach was beautiful. Took a Club Med charter flight and everything went smoothly from New York. Slight delays in San Salvador-- anyone want to chip in to buy that airport a fax machine? We were delayed both ways because their fax was broken! Can't wait to go back to Club Med! HANDS UP!!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>superfred
<Content>Club med is icredible          The GO  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hwattorney
<Content>Excellent experience at Punta Cana We went with our 15yr old son and 11 yr old daughter. This was by far the most relaxed and fun vacation we've had in a long time, and we all thought it was much better than any cruise vacation. It isn't a vacation for you to chose if you aren't inclined to be flexible and open minded. While I agree that it is very much a french influenced village- so what? I had fun dredging up my high school french, which people accepted and appreciated. Our son learned that you play basketball and have fun with kids who don't speak your language, and he also found english speaking kids to be with. My daugter learned a little french and taught some girls a little english- and they LOVED club med- they were able to be safe and independent. The GOs were terrific- and always tried to help and communicate. Some guests were friendly, some weren't. We had no mosquito, malaria or stomach issues- the property was sprayed daily, and we were careful with handwashing (purel comes in handy) and going easy on the fresh fruit. I never used bug spray.The accomodations are less than luxurious for sure, and while we didn't have any bug issues at all, we met another couple who had a ground floor room with ants and other things. I found the room a bit musty when we arrived, but we ran the ac and it cleared up. I appreciated the tip about faxing ahead (2 weeks prior is recommended) directly to the village- attention: Transit Dept., to ask for a room that isn't too far. I wasn't sure if people were just lazy when I read the comments before our trip- but even as an active, love to walk person, I would not have wanted to be at the edge of the village- it's 1km back to the main building.Tip: if you have old enough kids, make sure to ask for extra room keys. They gave us 2, but we got 2 more so each one had a key. I also brought key chains that go around your neck so they could hang on to them.Tip: If you want a quieter beach area, try the area between the snorkeling hut and the kayak hutTip: Bring multiple bottles of sunscreen. It's easier when everyone splits up and a bottle costs arond $16 at the boutique! We can't wait to go back. C'etait fantastique~  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Family Vacation We just returned (2/11/05) from our third vacation at Punta Cana Club Med since 2001 and this was perhaps the best stay yet as the Club just seemed to be better run and the GOs working really hard. There is a Malaria alert and we took the medication as a precaution but saw no mosquitos and no one down there complained of mosquito bites or expressed any concern. I would not cancel plans as many have because of the alert. We have a six year old son and take advantage of the Mini-Club for children that allows for us to have some time to ourselves. It had an excellent counselor ratio (5 to 1 for his age 6/7 group which had 20 to 22 kids) and even more activties and sports than offered in the past from 9am to 5pm and 7pm to 9pm. All of the parents that we talked to were unnamious in praising the Mini-Club this year. The majority of vacationers are French speaking (with about 1/3 American and Canadian) and I have seen some complaints from Americans about the lack of English speaking GOs (including the Mini-Club) but we have never run into that problem as most are bilingual and this year it seemed that there was an even higher number very fluent in both English and French.   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely not going back!               More photos  
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>vacationaddictnyc
<Content>It Must Not Be Bad, We Keep Going Back. We went back to Punta Cana in early August for a week as we had the year before with our daughter who was 11 this last summer. Just wanted to comment after reading the variety of reviews. We also found the rooms and food fine and the GOs sometimes great, sometimes not. My wife and I stayed in the ocean and on the beach most of the time and loved it. We drank the available water from every source and thankfully never got sick. We speak only the most basic french and found the french-canadians and french to be usually very nice, but sometimes very rude to non-speakers. However, being New Yorkers this did not bother us to the degree it bothered Midwesterners, etc. who are more used to nice. The only problems we had involved the photshop, try not to order photos to be mailed to you, we never got them. Also, the kids tie-dyed t-shirts and were told by a GO to give them to him to dry and they were never seen again and no staff was willing to resolve it in any way. We considered these as bumps in the road and plan to return this summer for 2 weeks at our daughter's urging. Take lots of books in english if you want to read while there, most available are in french and spanish.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Great!         
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fshin
<Content>Fabulous stay! Just returned from a one week stay and had a great time. We have 2 kids, a boy aged 4 and a half and a daughter, 22 months. Our son went to the Mini Club Med and loved every minute of the scheduled and well supervised activites. The food was quite good with enough variety to not get too boring as some buffets can get. The bread was amazing (don't miss the white chocolate bread!) The kids always had ample choices of food (pizza, chicken nuggets, burgers, hotdogs, and endless ice cream!). The quality of the freshly prepared food was good, if not somewhat repetitive despite daily themes.I have to comment on how CLEAN everything was kept. The washrooms were kept outstandingly well, and our room was immaculately cleaned each day.The staff was friendly and very helpful, and impressive with the multiple languages they had to face every minute.Overall, would return with NO hesitation!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>NyMom_to_3
<Content>Great experience both times! I'm writing a slightly delayed review because I can't believe anyone could have a negative experience at this heavenly place. I took my daughter there for a week in August 2004 to celebrate her 21st birthday. We had been there 10 years earlier, along with her brothers, and also had an extraordinary time. At the earlier visit, my 3 children, then ages 11,12 and 17, were enthralled, as much by the wonderfully diverse European children they met (and with whom they managed to communicate just fine) as by the incredibly clean, warm and calm beach. Our August visit was just as memorable. Food and drinks are good and plentiful, with between-meal snacking and drinks now part of the all-inclusive approach. My daughter found friendly and helpful instructors for sports, while I always found a wonderful spot on that georgeous beach! I travel a lot and do not necessarily expect cookie cutter American accomodations...that's part of the fun. Rooms were simple but more than adequate, since we spent about 1 hour a day there total other than sleeping time. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Back - We Had A Wonderful 9 Days Having read some of last year's negative comments (even those we took with a dose of salts) we left for CM-PC with some trepidation and a lot of imodium. Well, let me say that we ate and drank everything, swam in the pool and the ocean every day, lacked for nothing, truly enjoyed our fellow guests and GOs, got a few (2 or 3) inconsequential mosquito bites, and had a wonderful time.The atmosphere was just lovely. A perfect combination of happy kids (all ages), happy adults (mostly 30s and 40s but some like us in their 50s and 60s) and good weather. Yes there were more than a few topless women, but it was totally a non-issue. I for one, appreciated the extra scenic beauty.The room we had was recently painted and refreshed, and it seemed that all the buildings were like this, inside and out. The grounds have been obviously recently repaired so some of the fauna is not yet lush, but so what. The grounds and even the public bathrooms were always spotless. We had plenty of hot water, even at peak times, the AC worked just fine and most nights we preferred to turn it off and leave the balcony door open.The food (for an all-inclusive) was way above average. Every night was a different theme and the selections were bountiful. I'm a vegetarian and my wife is a big-time carnivore. Neither of us had any complaints. We also loved being able to order any kind of drink, from wine to mixed drinks to cognac, and never having to think about paying for the privilege.The recreation was also abundant. The kids love the circus and the mini-camp. The evening shows were very entertaining. The tennis and exercise facilities are very good and there were plenty of quality off-site sports such as golf and horseback riding.We went on several excursions which I HIGHLY recommend. The all-day catamaran trip with a huge lobster lunch is a bit pricey ($150/person) but worth it. We also went on a Discovery Tour to Christian and Alexandra's plantation. These are two of the most genuinely lovely people I have ever met in my life - and the fresh hot cocao they make for you is delicious. Go!We had just one or two minor complaints. In January it turns out that it's somewhat breezy in PC. It's not terrible by any means, but the exposed half of the beach doesn't get a lot of use because of this. Another little thing is that sometimes we'd have loved to summon a poolside waiter - but there just aren't any.Finally, the language issue. I guess if you don't know a word of French of Spanish, and your going by yourself or as just a couple, you may feel a little left out at times. On the other hand, it is so interestng to be surrounded by people from other countries, many of whom do speak some English and are eager to try it out. AT NO TIME DID WE FIND THAT WE WERE SNUBBED BY STAFF OR GUESTS DUE TO LANGUAGE ISSUES!So that's about it. We are hoping/planning to take a larger family group there next year. We'd recommend CM-PC really without any reservations.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great with Kids We have a 2 year old and a 4 year old and were impressed with the mini club and petit club activities and staff. I felt it was much better than a day care. They were very good at engaging children. Shows are cute but a bit late for children. The food was actually a little better than expected. We know not to expect 5 start in resorts like this. It is a buffet with many choices. Fresh fruits and freshly baked breads were outstanding. Facility was impeccably clean. Rooms are adequate but not plush (very much the norm with Club Med). The Chef du Village was omnipresent and seemed to run a tight ship. Beware of slick spots around pool - very easy to slip and fall. We were very pleased. It was windy so water sports were out of the question but we were told that is uncharacteristic.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Malaria Outbreak Mishandled Very disappointed by Club Med management. Booked one week stay for this January '05 at Club Med Punta Cana on 11/23 for wife and 3 year old. The US Centers for Disease Control issues a Malaria Outbreak Notice for Punta Cana the very next day on 11/24. Club Med waits until literally X-Mas eve to notify me of same, and then only indirectly by issuing new travel voucher to its booking agent with cryptic one sentence advising that we should check CDC website. Of course, by waiting until X-Mas eve to notify us, Club Med makes sure we are within 30 day window for travel (thereby maximizing its cancellation charges), ruins our X-Mas/New Years period, and insures that making alternative vacation plans on short notice will be impossible or prohibitively expensive.Response of Club Med managment to their gracious member (ie, me.)? Basically, Club Med's response was it has not done anything actionable as a matter of law or, stated otherwise, tough luck we already have your money and we do not have to give it back. Oh, lest I forget, giving the anti-malarial medication to a 3 year old is apparently NOT the best idea in the world and my wife has a medical condition which precludes her from taking the medication.Given fact that Club Med Punta Cana caters almost entirely to families with toddlers and pre-teens, one would -- at a minimum -- expect more from managment in terms of sensitivity to malaria outbreak in Punta Cana (like they could have notified me before they took my money, instead of waiting more than a month). Yes, Club Med may have satisfied its technical legal obligations but, in my book at least, they violated the very spirit and notion of the gracious member concept that they created and spend alot of advertising money on trying to maintain.Too bad, this is one customer that Club Med has lost forever. There are just too many other choices out there for more upscale all-inclusive resorts with kids camps, sports activities etc to go back to a Company that appears to have lost its way (and spirit).  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reddhead
<Content>The kids had a blast! We went to Club Med, Punta Cana August 19-26, 2004. (the week before the hurricane)My two kids (ages 5 and 8) had a blast at the mini club. They didn't want to leave. We dropped them off at 9, picked them up for lunch, dropped them back off at 1 pm and then picked them up at 5. After dinner they do more activites with them. My daughter (8) speaks French so it was easier for her to speak with the GOs. She met a lot of kids from all over the world. My son (5) had a great time doing everything and by the end of the trip all the GOs knew him.The food was ok- but this is Dominican so we knew what to expect.The staff was awesome. Everyone so friendly and helpful. We did all the activites they had to offer and the massages were great too.We heard that this is one of the better Club Meds (compared to Ixtapa).Our room was clean and the beds fine. There were bugs but again- you are in the tropics....The beach is amazing and we never had a problem with the pool.Our only complaint was we were told the water was safe but when we got home we all had stomach problems for about 3 days. We were told there would be bottled water but there was none and we used the water in the safe fountains. (but still got a bit sick)All in all it was a good vacation and the kids still talk about it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BY FAR THE BEST VACATION EVER!!!!!!!!! I have been to the bahamas, Jamaica, Italy, France, Spain, Greece and Punta Cana blows it all away. The staff is incredible nice anything you need you can get. The beach and the pool are the prettiest things i have ever seen. The water is warm and its so nice outside. There are 2 great bars with free drinks tull 4 am. If i could say one thing it is you have to go see for yourself. If your looking for a vacation away from all your worries and want to experiance paradise...you have to go to CLUB MED PUNTA CANA!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I went twice in one year! I am a tennis player and went to Punta Cana in January with my tennis group. We loved it and had a great time. Food was good, not great, but the place is gorgeous and the rooms clean and sufficient for our needs. Punta Cana has a really beautiful beach. The tennis program was very good, except that Club Med skimped on providing enough practice balls for the tennis clinics. The beach and snorkeling were great.Went again with my children and grandchildren during school break in March. Very different focus this time--kids had a great time and so did I. I loved the staff and had no difficulty being understood--all the GM's are tri-lingual. I would go again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Made the best of it We traveled to Punta Cana in July with my husband  I and our 3 children, 10, 14  16. We went along with 2 other families who also had 3 children each. On our first night there we went to dinner and enjoyed the show afterwards. Upon arriving back to our room at around 11:00, we found that someone had broken into our room and we had been robbed! The safes were actually ripped out of the wall of our room. I had all of my jewelry and all of our cash was taken. They used my husbands suitcase to carry the safes, as 4 other rooms near ours were also robbed. All of our documents, birth certificates, plane tickets, etc. were in the suitcase. Our documents were recovered the next day in the woods, still in the suitcase. Temo the General Manager was very helpful ,he spoke to the local police and also helped my husband call of our credit card companies to report all of them stolen. Needless to say, our vacation was not off to a good start. They did move our rooms for us, since we were all pretty uncomfortable staying in the same rooms. Our new rooms were ocean front and very nice. We made the best of our vacation and actually ended up having a very nice time. The food was good, with enough varieties to satisfy even the pickiest eaters in our group. The shows were somewhat inappropriate for children and were more geared toward the French. Our children enjoyed the circus camp and did meet several other English speaking children to spend the week with. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. Although the resort is beautiful and we had a good time, I don't think I would ever go back. We did end getting compensated by the Insurance company, however it only covered a very small fraction of the amount of the claim.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roseb_michael_2004
<Content>Great family resort First I would like to say that I travelled to Punta Cana in May with my 2 young sons and we stayed at Club Med. This is a fantastic family resort.Many, many activities for the children. At first they may seem hesitant to go to the kids club but really get them to go because they will meet all kinds of friends and there is a circus, archery, basketball, kayaking, sailing, you name it they have it. The GO'S wil take care of your kids. I know of some resorts where the children's club really sucks but here at CLub Med you can bet your kids are in good hands. They do not have a la carte dining but the buffet restaurants will make up for that. Unbelievable tasteful. They make all their desserts right there in the kitchen. Fresh food. Morning breakfast has fresh squeezed juices, with yogurts cereals, muffins and all those tastefull fresh fruits.Overall, Club Med is excellent for the quality of food and watersports. Many french tourists. So there is a lot of french speaking around you. Rooms are simple but they are generous with adjoining rooms for a family of 4. So, Yes, 2 rooms for your family if needed. Entertainment was good. They like to get the guests included in the evening entertainment and daily activities by the pool. The only thing that I wish was a little better was the beach. The beach is large, long and white but not that soft, smooth sand. It is very shelly, small particles of shells which haven't quite made it to that soft sand yet.But to find that beautiful white SOFT sand you could go up the strip some and there you will find Bavaro Beach. Out of 1 to 10, I would give Club Med an 8.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved everything, especially European influence Just read the last review and am anxious to give my 2 cents. We were in Punta Cana last January, 2004 and absolutely loved it. We took our two young boys (2 and 5) and found the kids programs and kids grounds to be absolutely first rate. They loved it and the GOs were fabulous. Also, we LOVED the european influence and crowd. LOVED exposing our kids to new cultures and LANGUAGE. In fact, our best friends we made on the trip were a Swiss family who fortunately for us pathetic Americans were multi-lingual. Our 5 yr-old son made fast friends with their 5yr old son, who at that ripe old age was only just learning English to add to his French Italian and German. At first I was concerned this would keep them from being able to be friends. How wrong was I? They were inseparable the entire week even though they could not communicate. What a lucky experience for our whole family. I am currently trying to plan another vacation for this winter and it seems daunting to find a resort we will be as happy with. The grounds and lawns were gorgeous and spacious, beach in the coconut grove gorgeous, the pool was beautiful, variety of activities great too. The variety and quality of the buffets were also really well done. I especially liked the open-air restaurant on the beach. We also really liked the decor and set-up of the rooms, offering a little more privacy from kids areas which appears to be hard to find. Now just trying to decide if going anywhere else is worth the risk! It has everything we look for -it was beautiful, clean and spacious, with simple open air structures and restaurants that had carribean-esque architecture that wasn't overly fancy or stuffy. Each day we settled on chairs on the lawn in the coconut grove between the pool, beach and kids club. Our boys went in and out of the kids club as the activities they wanted to attend dictated, basically giving us time alone and time together, each day. Anyway, a beautiful place, great people, interesting crowd, simply perfect. For a vacation with little kids, it just cant be beat.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>frndly7
<Content>Beautiful but never again!! Yikes! Where do I start?! I have been to a few club meds and as beautiful as this place looked I would NEVER go back. I took my 3 boys(8,11,13), and my parents on this vacation. First of all, the pool..it looks gorgeous. It is HUGE! BUT, what no one here on TripAdvisor(and i research the heck out of things before I spend my big bucks) told me was that it is about 95 degrees. The ocean is gorgeous and it is also quite warm. I felt the only way I got any relief from the heat was to go under the showers near the pool area. The whole area surrounding the pool(which gets quite wet of course), the steps up to the bar, the steps up to the lobby, and the lobby itself are VERY VERY slippery and unbelieveably HOT!! That shocked me. To protect yourself wear beach shoes all the time so you won't slip or burn the bottom of your feet. Also, not to diss anyone, but I am American and speak English and when I went to ClubMed there were sooooo many people who spoke French that my kids were a bit freaked and I was uncomfortable. They eventually found english speaking kids and hung out with them for the rest of the trip. The shows were really fun and I enjoyed them...bring a fan or something to cool yourself off...it is really hot in the building where the shows are held. The rooms are fine...the door that separates the rooms from one another kept on breaking...that seemed to happen to many people there. Also, the rooms must be made of paper because I could hear everything from outside noise to my neighbors. The AC is odd...in the one room, the AC blasts right on you while you are in bed, but if you turn it off or down a bit the person in the other room gets really hot. I heard a LOT of people got really sick. My mom ended up with it at the end of our trip. She is in her 70's and I was worried about that. Our trip back home consisted with her walking the plane to be near the bathrooms. I love to vacation and am usually a very easy traveler...I went to Sandpiper(in florida) last year and that was a TOTALLY different experience. MUCH better! BUT, the PuntaCana grounds are way more beautiful! I just would not go to PuntaCana again. Good luck!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynz001
<Content>Lots of activities to try! 2 Adults one 8 year old August 22-29/04Plane - Air Transat package, we flew first class direct flight - smooth as can be, first class was a surprise from the Club Med clerk at airport when picking up tickets. Included tourist card and departure taxes. Flight home was delayed due to bad weather in T.O.Hotel Room: Pizarro - Room was good size for 3 of us with lots of towels and great AC. Nothing special but was only there to sleep. Location was good even though we did fax ahead for Colon or Avando but did not get one there. The walk was not too bad and the room was very very quiet at night. There were a few small ants but that did not bother me we are in a poor country and they were minimal. The floor not clean so wear socks or slippers. The maid did an excellent job and room was kept clean. VERY IMPORTANT CURLING IRON. The only plug is not in washroom so bring an extention cord if you do not have a long cord.Food: Hit a miss at times but found the items that were best for me. Loved the bread, desserts, pizza was great, and the daily specials that were made in front of you were really good especially the pasta dish. All in all I found for a poor country the food was very good with lots of variety. Enjoyed meeting others from other countries. We found there was a good mixture and french and english.Health: I had a problem after the first night and took Imodium and cleared it up right a way. Only thing I did that the others did not was do an exercise class in the pool. Husband and daughter did not get sick. I am sure you cannot prevent this in DR it is widespread and you either get it or you don't. Surroundings: The grounds are beautiful lots of lush plants and flowers. Ocean wonderful with soft sand and clean beach. We spent a lot of time in the Ocean, do not understand why people like to go in a pool when the Ocean is so warm and probably much cleaner. Staff were extremely friendly and polite.Kids Club: Daughter went some times and enjoyed meeting other children and trying new things. Every activity not for all children and the age group of 8-10 and up seemed to be preferred than the younger age groups. My child likes arts and crafts and there were none. She did not like some of the activies so we just signed her in and out with ease. They treated her very good and when she went she enjoyed. Activites we did: sailing lessons, sign up 9:00am for lessons during that day. Archery - I finially hit the target, roller blading, kayaking, water arobics, snorkling we loved this and did it as a family many days, lots to see right in the snorkle area, no need to book the snorkle trip which most people found to be a watse of money. Ping Pong tournaments, volleyball There was plenty to do someting every hour.Excursions: We did the Indian river trip, 1.5 hour through a sugar plantation then walk through village to see how people live to the river and you can kayak or ride on nice barge with bar to tarazan swing, then to place for luch, horse back riding, bar, cigar rolling contest, drive through city back to resor. Was good trip to get out of resort and see the real DR, we took our daughter as we feel it is important to show her the real DR. You can keep your children in Kids Club and do the excursions.I would recommend this resort to anyone with children overy 8 year old or who want a family vacation in a lovely place.Weather was awesome, very little rain, once at night and a short rain our last day there.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great vacation except for health problems My husband and I took our two sons, ages 9 and 13, to Club Med Punta Cana Aug 14-21, 2004. We asked for bottled water and were advised that two large bottles were in our room fridge, to be refilled at drinking fountains with potable water. We all became ill with either diarrhea or nausea and other guests reported similar problems. Club Med needs to bring in a team of microbiologists to test for contamination in the water system, the ice machines, the kitchen, and the swimming pools. Bring plenty of Immodium AD and Pepto Bismol and ask for bottled water, even if you have to pay extra for it.Now, the good stuff...I particularly enjoyed the twice daily latin dance classes, the fitness room, and water aerobics. My husband did a lot of snorkeling, and we both took sailing lessons. The boys preferred to play with each other most of the time rather than participate with the kids' club activities; they had a room key and were independent. The August sun is VERY strong so kids need reminders to wear hats and sunscreen. We greatly enjoyed the social experience of being seated with other families in the dining rooms. The staff (a.k.a. GO's) are mostly bilingual but many of the guests (a.k.a. GM's) speak French only. About 1/3 of the time we found ourselves at a French-speaking table and through the course of the week my schoolgirl French improved dramatically. Plan to drop by the pool or beach on the way to breakfast to reserve some chairs for later use (just drape a beach towel and maybe leave an old T-shirt to mark a chair as taken.) Each child needs a beach bag or backpack to tote gear for the day's kid club activities. The evening entertainment was fun, especially the amazing circus acts. The theater was often hot so dress very lightly and bring a fan. The food is uniformly tasty and the variety is impressive, ranging from mundane to exotic with an emphasis on seafood. Kids' favorites (chicken nuggets, burgers, hot dogs, pizza, pasta) are always available at lunch and dinner. While Club Med is nondenominational, there was a brief but very lovely kiddush/motzi to mark the beginning of Shabbat on Friday evening. This is a private, non-advertised event, so if you want to attend, ask one of the Israeli GO's for information. A lot of the French GM's are Jewish and it was interesting to talk with them about the situation in France.If you have kids under age 5, or if your kids just need more TLC than they can get in a daycare-like setting, I would recommend FDR (Franklin D Resort) in Jamaica, where every family gets their own personal nanny. Club Med Punta Cana is best for active families who enjoy sports and socializing with a friendly international crowd. The language mix apparently changes from season to season, but if you're coming in August it's definitely helpful if you speak at least a little French.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Med needs to clean up it's act! I returned a week ago from Club Med Punta Cana. It could have been a great vacation if CLEAN were in Club Med's vocabulary. I realize that islands are islands and not home, but I do not think that it is fair to expect paying guests to have bugs in their rooms. I saw those little ants in the bathrooms, in the closet where my clothes were hanging and on the BEDS! By the last night of my vacation, I could barely sleep. Also, my daughter became ill while there and was diagnosed with Coxsackies virus when we got home. Why does Club Med allow people to take babies in the pool without swimmies? Is it too difficult for Club Med to fumigate the rooms for bugs and put enough chlorine in the pool? Or are they just trying to cut corners and save money?After this vacation, I won't be going to Club Med again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cavalmi
<Content>Great Club for Kids I have been to this club with my wife and two children twice. The kids had a great vacation both times. The kids were 3 1/2 and 5 the first time, 5 1/2 and 7 the second time.Kids will have a better time if they have had some exposure to day care or school before they go. There are not enough GOs to handle children that are away from Mommy and Daddy for the first time. If you take kids and cannot or do not drop them off at the kid's club then your vacation with your spouse will not be quite the same.The food was good but not great. If you like seafood your choices will be greater.I have seen some people criticize this club in other reviews. I agree with some of their complaints but I have not found a better vacation destination than Club Med. It allows for my wife and I to have about 8 hours a day to ourselves but we are not leaving the children behind (they have a GREAT time).In closing, if anyone knows of a destination that allows Mom and Dad a vacation and gives the kids a great time, I would love to hear about it.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sickly aftermath We just came back from Punta Cana Club Med and we all got very sick!! It undoubtedly is a beautiful country with wonderful beaches. However, I would never return to Club Med Punta Cana again. I found the grounds to be dirty and the pool to be a giant toilet. While my family and I were there we were fine. The last day we were there and when we got back home we paid the price. There were 4 of us; two adults and two chilren ages 6 and 2. The children contracted a virus called Coxsackies and suffered the last day we were there and are still not great (10 days later). The pediatrician told us that one can get Coxsackies from exposure to feces or fecal matter. This makes sense, since many babies were in the pool bottomless. This was a problem because apparently the children were pooing in the pool. My older daughter got out of the pool when feces was floating right next to her. What a disgrace. This is a public pool with rules that state children who are not toilet trained must be in 'little swimmers' or diapers. The boutique sells both of these items. It was more of a disgrace that the staff did not alert the public of the feces in the pool. No evacuation. They let the rest of the people swim in contaminated water. I would love to know how many others got sick. Well, my 2 daughters paid for it.As for my husband and I, we both got very stomach-sick the last day. I am still paying the price 10 days later at home!The second day we were there, the bar manager informed us that due to environmental issues, no bottled water would be available. He and his staff assured me that the water is filtered and safe for drinking. They specifically said You will not get sick from our water here. Sure, you won't feel bad for the first 6 or 7 days. Once it gets into your system watch out!!!It is not only the water, it is also the food which by the way tasted great going down. Well, my stomach troubles have yet to subside. I would NEVER go to Club Med Punta Cana again. We love to travel and have been on Crusies; have been all over Europe and South America; never have we had such a sickly vacation aftermath.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beaches4us
<Content>Best Yet We just returned from Club Med Punta Cana and I can honestly say, it was great. Let me start off by cutting right to the chase.....if you're thinking about going, go into it with somewhat real expectations. Do your research on Club Med and make sure it's the right place for you. I read all the comments on this site and found many of the negative comments to be laughable. Club Med is a French company that has a very International following. If you're not interested in speaking or learning to speak another language, go to Disney World ! And if you find French people to be rude in comparision to where you're from, then I'd suggest you visit any large American city for a dose of reality.We have 2 girls, ages 8 and 9. Both loved the mini clubs and we felt fine allowing them to wander around the resort within reason. Security is all around but you never really see them unless you're looking for them. All the GO's spoke English as a second launguage with primary being French or Spanish. Our only comment is that we wish they would have taken 45 minutes out of every day to teach the kids how to converse in different languages. Our kids know a bit of French and Spanish, but kids tend to take the path of least resistance ....hence the French kids played with French kids etc. It would have been worth a premium if our kids would have had some conversational French or Spanish for a few minutes a day. Anyway, they greeted most people with Bonjour or Hola and felt like they were really grown up! The resort itself is big......roughly 500 rooms spread out among mulitple buildings. Rooms are small but can easily accomodate 4. Let's face it...if you're on a Club Med vacation and do more than sleep and shower in room, you need help. We were surprised to find a mini fridge in our room....an unexpected pleasure. We ran into some people who complained about that there wasn't a mini-bar in their room and it just made us laugh......how could anyone possibly get along without a mini-bar when you're at an all-inclusive resort with two bars that are open virutally 24 hours!! Anyway, the main bar is just outside the pool and is very nice.....the other bar is down on the beach next to a snack shack that serves salads, sandwiches and burgers. This is open all day and well into the evening so if for some reason you miss a meal, you can always grab something there. Club Med GO's perform a number of functions (many are not great bartenders) so if you order a Scotch on the rocks, don't be afraid to order a double or triple if you're used to big drinks. The local favorites are the Mojitos, Rum Conga and for beer, they have MGD and Presidente (dominican). Once you get a couple of any of those down, you could be drinking paint thinner and it wouldn't matter.As with most Club Meds, there are plenty of activities for all. Snorkling off the beach was good enough for us rookies. There's a couple of steel hulled boats rotting away out near the reef that we ventured out to one day. You can see some rays, cuda, puffers, flounder, grouper and various other reef fish. The watersports staff was great. Nadean is one of the fitness gurus and she took some extra time at the beginning of a stretching class to help my 80 year old father-in-law with some stretches to help his golf game. Nadean also handled a couple of the water aerobics classes that my wife and siblings did every morning before the 12:00 Pena Colada ! The main pool is gigantic (smaller pool at the mini club) and us anywhere from about 1 foot to 5 feet deep on the far end. It's right on the beach and affords you a great view even it your sitting around the pool.There are Tennis clinics every morning that are available to all. I'm a marginal USTA 3.5 player and I took the advaced clinic 3 times. It was only one hour and was pretty basic. Don't expect to fix your serve or learn how to hit a top-spin, backhand lob here. If you're really serious about Tennis, you should consider one of the 3 day clinics. Courts are all hard courts and are marginal at best. Sandpiper Tennis facility is far superior.Sailing is great there...! We went the first week in August and there for all but one day, there was a steady blow, strong enough to dump many Lasers during the course of our stay. The fleet is about 15 strong, with one Hobie that's reserved for the mini club. Lot's of windsurfers, kayaks and snorkeling gear is also available ......again all included in the price of admission.We took the kids on a snorkeling excursion to see some starfish and snorkel a reef. A tropical storm was headed our way and there were 35 people on the excursion so visibility was limited. I'd pass on this one if I had to do it all over again.After checking in on Friday (highly recommended if you can convince them to let you do a Fri-Fri), we were fairly stressed from preparing for the trip etc. I decided that rather than spend the first 3 days of the trip winding down, I'd book a deep tissue massage first thing in the morning in an effort to accelerate the vacation. BEST MOVE IVE EVER MADE ! You can your massage on the beach or in the little massage house they have. Mine was in the house but I must say, I didn't need the sound of the waves or wind blowing through the palms to relax me on this one. If you're a massage person, several in our family had great massages from Karinna. The beachs are very nice with turquoise water. Many women sunbath and swim topless both on the beach and in the pool so if this bothers you, consider another resort. Food was typical Club Med but with fewer selections a maybe lower quality than what we received at Sandpiper. Of course, the bread and desserts are consistently French. Everything else is ok. The pasta bar is good ....I think they had that three times while we were there. Kids ate mostly pasta and rarely ventured out of their comfort zone. Don't expect 5 star cuisine here or at any other Club Med for that matter. It's exotic institutional cooking....nothing more, nothing less. Water is drinkable at the restaurant and bars. We drank Seltzer when we weren't sucking down Congas. Be sure to eat lunch at La Hispanola....the open air restaurant next to the mini club. Great views !!!If you're a golfer, Punta Cana Country Club is 5 minutes down the road. We paid $105 a head which included a cart and 2 local fore caddies. It's a spectacular track with 4 + holes along the water. Most scenic course I've ever played. Coming up 18, my caddie opened up a coconut and I sucked down the milk heading up to the green. Two days later, I paid for it with a brief bout of you know what. ! If you'll be celebrating a b-day during your stay, tell the kitchen staff 24 hours ahead and they'll bake you a cake complete with name, candles and a group of GO's leading the whole restarant in a Happy Birthday chant. We celebrated 2 while we were there and it was great.All things considered, this is an above average family destination at one of the few unspoiled places left on earth that aren't a 17 hour flight from home! Our overall family rating was an 8.5. We'll go back again...next time it will be for two weeks !!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our first time won't be our last! My family and I just spent 7 glorious days at Club Med Punta Cana (7/31 - 8/6) and I'll sum it up by using one of my 12-year-old son's sayings: It was the bomb diggity!. (That means excellent in the queen's english). We were a group of 7 - aged 58, 45, 40, 18, 12, 7, and 7 (twins) - and I must say that there was something for everyone.I'll start with the rooms. Adequately sized (not posh at all), but very clean. We had plenty of hot water, good housekeeping services, and no mold or bugs (I don't think I saw a mosquito all week - almost out of the realm of possibilities for a Jersey girl).The pool: Fabulous - day or night.The beach: Glorious, and with plenty of shaded areas, so you don't have to be a sun worshipper if you don't want to.The water activities: Great G.O's, adequate lessons, lots of help and the staff was super accomodating - Todd - thanks for not laughing when I dumped my sailboat 4 times! My kids will treasure the catamaran rides forever - Twain, we LOVE you!The kids program: Outrageously good. We only saw the 18-year old for seconds at a time. My 12 year old was really enjoying freedom. My 7-year old twins had a great time at the mini-club and really enjoyed having dinner on their own at the club. Even though the club was 75% French when we went, my kids didn't feel isolated or sidelined. There were plenty of english speaking kids there, too. I must say, I would go here rather than Disney any day - There's something to be said for actually doing a thing rather than just watching it. The trapeze training was a real hit with my kids, and they were ecstatic about being in The BIG Show. Professional photographers tend to follow the kids club around, so we found some beautiful photos and purchased them. For parents of younger kids: there are bathrooms all over the place, so that should help minimize accidents. All of the restrooms we went in were kept really really clean, day and night.The food: Oh my god - That white chocolate bread!!!. Plenty of delicious tropical fruits. It is a family club, so don't expect elite cuisine, but we found the selections to be quite good. Parents be warned: There are enough chicken nuggets around that your kids can eat them all week long. The fries were excellent, too. The lines were never long, and the food was constantly being replaced. Yes, it's true that you will be seated, but you could just walk over to another table if you want. However, we really enjoyed meeting new people, though we were embarrassed that we Americans were rarely bilingual. We personally met folks from France, Canada, Portugal, Somalia, Brazil, Columbia, and Costa Rica - in addition to a bunch of New Yorkers.The Club Experience: Loads of Fun. The goofy dances, pool games, tournaments, and sports only enhanced our vacation. The G.O. staff here was very friendly and always willing to help us out with anything we needed. The G.O. staff also looks for the singles and makes sure they always have company if they desire at dinner, the bar, and the discoteque. The chief of the village, Phillippe, was quite nice, and visited the poolside daily seeking out feeback.The Lessons: While not private, they are adequate, and you are able to take them as many times as you want. There are an abundance of activities with lessons to choose from.Did you forget something in the rush to pack? The boutique is quite pricey, so be sure that you pack all of the essentials. One hint. Bring your own (deflated) pool toys - The raft float that costs $3 in the states will cost you $15 at the club. A pair of socks (required for rollerblading) will run you $6. Hats and visors - $10 and up. Sunglasses - $25 for the cheapest pair.Summary: A fantastic experience for all - We'll be back!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful family resort My family just returned from a one-week vacation in Punta Cana and we are sad to be home! Everything, from Punta Cana thatched roof airport to the warm weather to the sand beach, was absolutely beautiful. It was a very international environment, with many French, American, and Canadian guests, and the resort is excellent for families. ACTIVITIES: You will never be bored at this resort. There is the choice of staying on-site to do: windsurfing, kayaking, sailing, archery, beach volleyball, aerobics, swimming, tennis, soccer, basketball, dance lessons, and much more. Off-site scuba diving and excursions are available. They offer tennis lessons every morning and competitions in the afternoon, which my 17 year old daughter really enjoyed. Lessons are offered for some of the activities (windsurfing, sailing, dancing), and all of the instructors are kind and helpful. There are dance lessons twice a day and the G.O.s and guests get together to dance around 9:00 every night. My 10 year old daughter went to the mini club med everyday from 9:00 AM to 9:00 PM and my 17 year old participated in the teen club at her leisure.SERVICE: All of the G.O. that my family interacted with were extremely friendly and energetic. The G.O. put on small shows (nimations? throughout the day and one longer show at around 9:30 at night, in the theater. The grounds are very well maintained, employees are always trimming trees or collecting coconuts. There are security guards everywhere and we always felt safe letting our daughters run around. The housekeeping staff was very thorough and our rooms were always clean.FOOD: There are two restaurants: the Samana and the Hispanola. The Samana is indoors and a few steps away from the Hispanola, which is located right next to the beach and has beautiful views. The restaurants offer a different theme every night (i.e. Tex Mex, Italian, International, Island, Dominican, Asian) and there are some basic foods served at every meal. The mangoes are amazing, as are the milkshakes in the morning and some of the other authentic island foods. One of the best aspects of the meals was being randomly placed with the other families. We were able to meet people from around the world. Though the resort has a majority of French guests, most of them speak English as well. If you get hungry between meals, there is a beach-side snack bar. On top of all this food, there are 2 bars that offer premium beverages. The beach side bar is open until the disco closes, which is around 3 AM.Basically, my family had a WONDERFUL time and we can wait to go next year! Also, definitely use Bay Club Travel and request to stay in Colon (closest to the center of the resort).  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jonathanparis
<Content>something beautiful It was a nice time in Punta Cana,the landscape was magic, some interesting activities like playing tennis and kayaking (thanks to edgar the incredible kayaking GO)But the most interseting thing is to sunbathe, beautiful beach, beautiful water during all the time. I had a very nice time there. There are very few people between 20 and 30 years old.The disco is awfull and The Dj this year was the worst i have ever seen.the food is very different, a lot of things to try. But it s not rare to have a stomach sickness.But finally i had a very kind week there.Jo.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good family Club Just got back and have to say this Club was pretty good overall but with some highs and lows. Have been to a variety of clubs before but this was the first visit to a designated family site. Since my last visit about 10 years ago I would have to say the food was OK, but a bit disappointing. Expected better. Baked goods/pastries were extraordinary. Some of the featured specials were excellent, but some not so hot. For example, we tried the Asian night specials and found the food to be essentially inedible. Went to the other restaurant for the couscous feature and it was fabulous. Ample basic courses and standards (e.g., roast chicken) at every meal. As usual, always a variety of pastas with and without sauces, pizzas, burgers, dogs. Great salad bars. Do recommend going earlier in the meal hours rather than later. Great snack bar when restaurants were closed. Great breakfasts.Found the rooms awfully small for the price (125 sq ft) but our superior suite was perfectly tolerable for 2 adults plus an 8 and 11 year old. Very clean, decent view of the water. Highly recommend the Cortes building for good access to the main pool and patio bar, theater and dining area, but still quiet.Kids club staff varied widely. Our 8 year old had fantastic GO's and had a great time every day although she was on the young end of the age group (8-10). The 11 year old boy had a harder time. GO's were not so hot with English, one of them was a real sour puss who admitted she did not really want to be there. Did not follow the stated schedule every day and some activities were missed because our son could not find the group where they were supposed to be.Circus experience for both the kids was very good. Never enough balls for ping pong. No decent instruction for archery.The all-inclusive open bar is great if you want to drink, with self-service soda machines and lots of non-alcoholic beverages for kids and grown-ups. Bottles of cold spring water anytime you want. Not impressed with the bar staff expertise. Very friendly, but never got the same marguerita or pina colada twice. You would think that they ought to be able to do two resort basics without screwing them up.Main pool was big, clean and very enjoyable. Plenty of chairs. Good assortment of water aerobics (aqua gym), power walk, Tae-bo, dance and aerobics instruction everyday.Main shows were not all that great. Very European in flavor. We were there for the big July 14th celebration which they of course did well. However, I question having a theme for a family show of Paris night clubs with a skit involving prostitutes and simulated sex. Weather was pretty decent with occasional evening showers. Golf course 5 minutes down the road was in exceptional shape. Really enjoyed the course. $102 for 18 + tip for the range ball boy + $12 (+tip) for a caddy which was optional. At 8:00 AM had the course almost to myself and twice got around in under 3 hours.Overall, pretty decent although not as good as the clubs I remember from 10 years ago. Generally very good for a family vacation. Would I recommend it? Yes, but would look hard first at Sandpiper Club 1st, Ixtapa last. Remember, it is a French owned resort, catering first to Europeans, then to Americans. You will feel welcome, but if bi-lingual announcements and accented English annoy you, go somewhere else.And by the way, DEFINITELY use Bayclubtravel. As advertised, you book your best Club Med deal but do not pay, put it on a 48 hour hold. Then, with confirmation # in hand, call Bay Club and they take your file direct from Club Med and take %10 off whatever price you had. You pay them. No tricks, no surprises.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice family paradise I would definitely recommend this wonderful resort as a place to go for a family vacation! I have two boys, ages 10 and 13 and they found a group of 13 and 10 year olds to run around with. They did not really use the kids club. My 10 year old did not enjoy his one day with the 8 - 10 year olds saying there was too much time organizing and arranging and not enough action. They both loved the circus lessons and the games in the pool. From a mom's point of view: Take walkie talkies. My kids kept in touch with me that way all day long. I felt better about their running around that way. I took a roll of twine so that I could hang wet stuff on the balcony and an umbrella was useful during a late afternoon rainstorm. The GOs were lovely, helpful and friendly.There are women lazing by the pool without tops. Prepare your children for that. It is commonplace after a while, but a shock at first.I played a lot of tennis and that was a great way to meet people and have an activity that was for me. THey have tournaments at 4:30 daily and all abilities can do that. Friday is the family tournament and we had fun with that one.We had a very long walk from our room to the lobby/pool area, but the trade-off is that the farther away you are, the newer the facility and our room was much nicer than some of the ones closer in. We had more space, a bigger closet and a nicer bathroom. We really enjoyed the accomodations.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! After doing an extensive search for family vacations, the Club Med in Punta Cana came up with rave reviews everywhere. The weather was fantastic during our stay over the 4th of July . . . hot! However with plenty of sunscreen (bring SPF 50 and a hat!), off-shore breezes and sparkling clear ocean water and pool there was no room for dissatisfaction. We found it coolest on the beach where the kayaking and snorkeling huts are.Our kids (14 and 11) decided to pick and choose their activities versus attend the camps. They had alot of fun anyway . . . snorkeling, learning the trapeze, windsurfing, playing tennis, kayaking and swimming. For an additional fee, there are several day-long excursions to choose from daily. We chose not to participate, but they looked interesting. My husband and son did take in a round of golf at the Punta Cana Club early one morning. It was a 5 minute cab ride from the resort. The scenery there was breathtaking and the staff was very courteous.The food at the resort was pretty good in the long run. There is, however, only so much buffet one can tolerate. My stomach and my husband's got funky toward the end of our stay, even taking acidophilus. The only thing we had in common to eat/drink was the coffee and wine, which we think contributed to our tummyaches. Tex-Mex night was the best. Fresh cooked pasta dishes were next in running.I have to agree with another reviewer about getting a room in Ovando or Colon. Luckily, with a request through our travel agent, we got in Ovando. We didn't hear any neighbors above or below us or any of the activities happening during the evening. We were very grateful for the air conditioning, too.We felt alittle overwhelmed when we first arrived because of all the activity happening around us. The G.O's we met were nice right from reception to the bar. The people we met, mostly from France and Canada, were friendly. There was plenty to do at night. The resort was always hopping and the nightly shows were entertaining. The one the kids performed in was the best.All in all, we had a great time and it really, really is beautiful there.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kwong
<Content>Great trip for the Whole Family Our trip to Club Med Punta Cana was a very enjoyable vacation for everyone. This was a trip that you could really enjoy with the kids. The mini-club (for ages 4-13) and the petite-club (Ages 2-3) did an exceptional job having fun with and caring for the kids by giving them plenty of activities to keep them occupied. My six year old had blast learning everything from archery, doing the trapeze at the circus, having tug of war contests, treasure hunts, playing tennis, kayaking, sailing with the GO's (gracious organizers who lead all the activities and events) and snorkeling (with his own snorkel since it was supposed to be for ages 8 and up).My 3 yr old, though, was a bit less enthusiastic by the petite club activities. Unfortunately, for the 2-3 year olds, they were only allowed to play tennis, swim, play outdoor games, play in the kiddie enclosure with safe toy cars and do projects indoors, etc...One day she decided not to even go to the club. Which was lucky for us, since some parents complained that their 2 or 3 year old refused to go the whole week! It was also an extra fee for the petite club. But she absolutely adored one of the G.O.'s who did his best to keep her happy and listen to her concerns. She also loved to swim in the huge swimming pool, half of which she was able to stand with her head above water. For a beginning swimmer, that was perfect for her to splash into the water and be able to stand back up for a breath. As for us, the parents, it was great for us to have the time off from the kids to pursue our own interests with and apart from our spouse. Also, we could choose to have our kids with us none of the day (from 9am-5:30pm and 7:30pm-9pm) or enjoy part of the afternoon swimming with them, since we could pick them up or drop them off at any time of the day (except for naptime). Babysitting for an extra fee from 9pm to 1am was also offered as an extra expense for those wanting to enjoy the nightclub, which was mostly for young teenagers.)We had time to relax and unwind and enjoy our own activities or just doing nothing by sipping our drinks, lying on the beach and being cooled by the ocean breeze.The highlight for us was that the kids performed in one of the nightly kid shows. That was by far the largest audience since the kids from each age group involved in the kid's club were led by GO's in an entertaining show. Each kid was given his moment of glory and everyone could see in their faces how thrilled they were to be a part of it. There was also one for the older kids and parents. As for the G.O.'s, the lively and friendly bunch, they really made the trip memorable with their hospitality and encouragement to join into the events. My kids had a blast dancing with them up on stage and interacting with them throughout the day and when they joined us sometimes at mealtimes. The one downside for me was the scuba diving. To reiterate what another fellow Punta Canan with whom I dove said, the diving was pretty disappointing. The reef was very cut up and sandy, the corals sparse and the fish population quite small. My son and daughter were very excited to see the sandfish within a few feet from the shoreline, nonetheless. All in all, the trip was a great success. We all had fun and were able to spend quality time with eachother as well time alone to recharge and relax. Two thumbs up for a fantastic vacation!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bonnechic
<Content>Club Med's still fun, the diving is bad.       doing the bachata on members night  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>batmik
<Content>Paridise This was my 7th club med trip and again I was not dissappointed. Club med rooms are not plush, but functional, hey you mostly there to shower or sleep. If you are prepared for the Hilton you will be dissappointed. First time we ever had a TV in our room at Club Med, the kids would watch it to wind down in the evening. This is one of the largest clubs but didn't feel like it. No long waits for drinks at the bar or at the restaurants. Drinks were if anything too strong at times, had to ask for weaker drinks. The staff was all very friendly and professional. The rooms were definetly set up with families in mind one room with king bed and separate area with two twin beds. The club is big and we faxed ahead and requested a room in one of the closer buildings. The closer buildings are Ovando and Colon, Colon was closed for remodeling. The pool is big and sprawling, water was almost too warm, but how can you control the sun. The ocean is so calm and perfect for kids to play in, no surf, it just laps up to shore. Yes topless sunbathing is allowed but it was not the norm. The resort is less than 6 min from the airport. I kept checking weather.com before my trip and was worried what I was reading. I didn't need to worry, the weather was great. We found the few days it was overcast welcoming form the blaring hot sun and humidity. Thunder and lightening storms and some rain briefly at night but it didnt' hamper activities. Actually coming from California where we don't get much of that we all enjoyed nature's show.The shows were about the same as at all Club Meds. Didn't really get into it. Also the open air theater the shows are in is very nice but it gets so hot in there, they need fans or something to circulate the air. The food was what I expected plentiful and good. We all loved the mango at lunch and dinner. Lunch seemed to be the most bland of the meals except for the noodle bar and curry bar they had on two of the days. You picked sauce and topping and the chef created your own personal stir fry or curry. Five of the eight of us had varying degree of stomach upset, my husband the worse. He was down for the count for almost one day. One GO on my last trip recommeded eating a serving of white rice at every meal to keep your stomach okay. I did this but still had some problems. Would I not go back because of this, no way. I sort of expected it. All the kids except for the more adventerous eater didn't have any problems. Also it is so humid there that several people including us had trouble getting our camcorders to work. They eventally did after the condensation dried out. We brought those walkie talkie like things, as I said earlier the resort is so spread out that if someone is going back to the room and you forgot to tell them to get something you have a way of reaching them. Or if you are trying to meet up with a family member who did a different activity the walkie talkies made things easier. Bring lots of plastic bags to pack damp/wet clothes in when you leave. Things take forever to dry there even on the patio.  I was very sad to leave. Am already thinking of my next trip back.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>you can relax or party, it's up to you! I returned on May 1st from a great week in Punta Cana. I'm 25, went with 2 friends (my age) and have been down south before. Overall I had a wonderful time. We had a big room (meant for 3 people), was always clean and its great that the toilet is seperate from the bath when you share a room with others. The food gave a pretty good variety.....but you just have to make sure not to try everything at lunchtime or else you will get sick of the food. I enjoyed the theme dinners at supper. At first, I did not like being seated with strangers, but after a couple of days, we started talking to the people sitting with us and I found it was a great way to meet others. We had an advantage that we are bilingual, so we were able to speak to Americans and well as Europeans. The drinks-excellent...nice to see brand name booze down south. The entertainment in the lobby bar was fun at night....didn't make it to most shows since we ate late most of the time, but the ones we saw were well done.The beach was nice but I wish there was music playing on there. I would go to the pool in the late afternoon just to listen to music (the pool was gorgeous but I went down south for the beach!).The activities were all great, as were the GOs, the only thing I was disapointed in was that most GOs were not dominican.....so I spent my whole vacation speaking french and english 99% of the time, but I really wanted to brush up on my spanish.The club on the beach was fabulous....dead on saturday since most arrive from europe on that night, but it gets busier as the week progresses. The DJ was fabulous and drinks and snacks were great. I was hoping to see guests my age, but the only ones who were my age were the GOs. It's ok though....had fun with them.Overall, a great vacation....I relaxed when I wanted to, joined activities when I wanted to and partied when I wanted to........good times!!!This is by no means a party resort if you're looking for a happening crowd.....you would need to try club med Turks or Cancun for that, but they took such good care of the kids here, that they weren't screaming in my face during my whole vacation.....so it wasn't so bad having them around.   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>philken
<Content>Great Trip Just got back from a week at Club Med Punta Cana. This was our 7th Club Med, first to Punta Cana. Also, our first time using Bayclubtravel.com for booking our trip. Everything was perfect. The resort was beautiful, the GOs were extra friendly. and the Dominican people are really nice, unlike the annoying Jamaicans. However, the food was a bit plain. I recommend going early June when the club is not as crowded.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coloradogal
<Content>what a great vacation! The 6 of us (3 couples, ages 45-56, no kids) vacationed here May 9 thru May 15th. This was our 3rd Club Med. We have previously been to Club Med in Turks and Caicos, and Club Med in San Salvador. Would go back to all! We love vacationing with people from all around the world.That's why we love Club Meds. Club Med is French owned, so yes...there are many French at the resorts. And folks from Canada, Germany, Holland, South Africa, and yes, the U.S., to name a few. BUT, If YOU want to vacation with ONLY folks from the U.S.A , then DON'T GO TO A CLUB MED! The resort was only half full that week, so we had plenty of room on the beach and at the pool. Early to mid May seems to be a great time to go.ROOMS........our rooms were decorated nicely, clean, with very comfortable beds. We did not notice any mold or unclean floors. But hey, where there's humidity, there's bound to some mold somewhere! Maid service was great. As in previous postings, DO NOT leave out opened sodas, or opened food. You will have little tiny ants if you do. Great shower, fridge worked fine. Cable tv, but we never turned it on. If you want a LARGE balcony, stay in one of the buildings end rooms. FOOD......very good. Above average buffet food at both the main restaurant and the beach restaurant. You will not go hungry! Eat the chocolate bread!! Yes, you will be seated with other people at large tables. And maybe they don't speak English or want to talk to you! Or maybe they do! That's what makes it interesting. And the GO's are required to sit and have their meals with the guests. You meet a lot of GREAT people this way. POOL.....large pool. Kids area on one end. Plenty of chairs. BEACH....we are beach people. This was a beautiful, white sand beach. Water was fairly calm, and clear. Good sized swim area. There is kelp in the water, but not in the swim areas. There are no palapas or umbrellas. You get shade from the many palm trees. We just moved our beach loungers around and followed the shade. There were plenty of beach chairs. There are some topless sunbathers. Get over it.BEACH SPORTS....many windsurfers, and monohulls. No hobiecats. We did not do any resort diving or snorkeling this trip. BEACH BAR....Mimi (Mechelle) and Dembo were our favorite bartenders! They'll make you anything you want! You can have ice, and as much bottled water as you want. We got canned beer (Presidente) and kept it in our fridge in the room.MAIN BAR......large bar area with a small stage.On different nights would have local bands or karaoke. Ask Fabio for a Mango daquiri. DISCO....We danced a couple of nights at the disco.It's part of the beach bar area. Breeze from the beach and a DJ spinning tunes. DJ Sandy even played me some old ABBA and Donna Summer songs!KIDS CLUB.....no kids with us, so can't comment much. The kids we saw seemed to be having a great time.THE GO'S.....All of the GO's were very friendly and helpful. We went off site one night for dinner, and the front desk called in the reservation for us, and got us a taxi. No problem.EXCURSIONS....We did the all day Catamaran excursion. Got to sail on a LARGE catamaran, have a beach barbeque and swim at Isla Saona. Took speed boats back to a lagoon where we swam some more in beautiful turquoise water. Suppose to be hundreds of starfish. We saw 2! There is an hour and a half bus ride to and from Club Med, so be prepared. We had a guide on the bus who gave us a narrative on the area. Also stopped for a little shopping on the way back. Price was $220 for the 2 of us. We've done other excursions at Club Med and thought this one was priced a little high. DINNER OFF SITE....We went to Captain Cooks in Bavaro. Was recommend by several people. We just thought it would be fun. It was! Took a wild 25 minute taxi ride to the restaurant. Cost $44 RT. Taxi driver waited for us. We ate grilled lobster and red snapper. Great food! Had a shot of Mama Juana and fruit for dessert. You'll have to try it! Restaurant is on the beach. TIPPING.....We tipped our maid $2 per day and more at the end. You're not encouraged to tip the GO's, although we discreetly tipped a couple of them on our last day there.We purchased our own air thru Apple Vacations.We had a direct flight from Denver into Punta Cana.Had no problems. Flights going and coming only half full that week. We did our own transfers with taxis. Actually a van. $15 total each way. We had a GREAT time at this resort and would definitely go back!   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelerMelville
<Content>Family vacation We were a group of 10 people (8 adults and 2 children, ages 6  3). We did not start off too great; every single room they gave us had a terrible odor and mold crawling up the walls. Three rooms had to be exchanged for other rooms. The 4th room (y daughter's family) ere placed in a room that resembled a cave.....smelly, dark and moldy; had to change their rooms 3 times before they could get a decent room. I was later told that this entire building was scheduled to be closed the following week because of this problem. Why they tried to put all of us in this building when they knew there was a problem amazes me. They were not full and there were other rooms. The rooms were OK but the shower stalls absolutely filthy. The mold was black on the tiled walls. All of us had the same experience so this was not just a hit and miss thing. I think Americans tend to have a fetish on cleanliness. Bring slippers with you....if you walk on the floor barefoot your feet will be black. Don't think they wash the floors too often. IN spite of all this we had a great time. THIS IS NOT THE PLACE TO GO IF YOU WANT TO PUT YOUR CHILDREN IN THE CAMP. EVERYONE speaks French (even though all the French people understand English) My grandchildren were lost as everyone spoke French. The GO's did their best to make sure they spoke English but I guess at 6 and 3 years of age it was confusing to them. As Americans, we all felt toally ignored and would never again go to a French owned island. Food was great and the beach beautiful.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Transition week - Ideal time to Visit Our family is in complete agreement with the previous poster, so I won't repeat their comments. I will add that we, too, were at the Club in early May. It was perfect timing as far as we were concerned. The rates were lower than winter and the Club was relatively empty. It holds 1800 guests at capacity and for several days of our vacation there were fewer than 500 guests on site. This meant my eleven year old daughter once had three Mini Club G.O.'s as her personal entourage for an afternoon and had unlimited access to every activity! For the remainder of the days there were only 3 or 5 other kids her age at Kids' Club and they loved it. They got to really know each other and the G.O.'s The G.O.'s mentioned that during the winter they regularly have more than seventy kids in the same age group. There was never any waiting to speak of at the bar or at the buffet or the activities. I think that may not be the case at peak season.We'd also like to say that there is a great team of G.O.'s at Punta Cana including our Canadian energizer bunnies Nadean and Stefan at land sports and the outstanding Juan Carlos, Octopus and Jessica at Kids' Club. It was also our experience that the guests from all corners of the world were terrifically friendly. We had a blast. The Club was everything we hoped for. And we all would love to go back. Especially the first week in May.  
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Club Med- Great for Families uJust returned from a week at the Club Med Punta Cana resort. It was our first time as Club Med vacationers, and we were very pleased. We have two children, an 8-year-old girl, and a 16-month-old boy. I use this site extensively, so I will try to give you an accurate description. We requested a building ahead of time to secure a location close to the beach, pool and other activities that were in the general ain?area. Our request was granted. If you have small kids- do this! Fax the request in. Also, consider a stroller. The grounds are huge, our stroller was a lifesaver. The resort itself is lovely, very clean, and very spacious. The beach is beautiful, a few seaweed patches here and there, but plenty of clear blue water as well. The rooms were adequate. They were always clean; ours were just showing the wear and tear. A few patches of missing plaster, a paint touch up would have helped. But, you spend such little time there; it really is not an issue. Fridge in the room kept our stock of bottled water nice and cool. The pool was having some issues when we arrived; they were treating it to get rid of an icky hue of green. It was gone in a few days. My daughter did the Kids Club and absolutely loved it. Loads of activities, energetic and fun G.O.. She had a fantastic time, we never saw her. However, there were kids there at the resort that did not like it. Know your kid. If they are shy to begin with they may have a hard time adjusting to it. There is a huge percentage of French tourists here. Many of the children do not speak English, it did not bother my daughter though, and gradually as you are at the resort more kids come in, and others leave. By the end of our stay, she had three new est friends? Just be prepared for the fact that your child may not want to do the Mini Club. However, there are tons of kids around at all times, whether in Mini Club or with their parents. Mini Club only takes 2 and above, but my son (16 months old) met loads of little ones at the pool and beach. He had fun too! If you are looking for an easy family getaway where you don need to worry about your kid yelling in a restaurant, or jumping into the pool, or running around a crowded area- you know, kid stuff- go here. Everyone is in the same boat. They had monkeys, and magic shows, and dance shows. Entertainment all the time for the kids. The food was, at best?eh. But, if you have kids that take one bite and say I don like it, you merrily send them back to try something else. The buffet was huge, the selection enormous. If you are looking for gourmet, forget it. But then again, if you are looking for a gourmet food experience it is highly unlikely you are bringing the kiddies along. The food was perfectly adequate to keep us all happy on some level. My daughter thought it was one of the highlights of the trip. Walking around picking out what she wanted she deemed, he coolest!?Snacks at the beach bar throughout the afternoon as well. We met wonderful people from all over the world. There were some language barriers, but everyone was really friendly and kind. I can express that enough, the people here both the guests and GO were so nice, helpful and friendly. It was a nice alternative for a family vacation, everyone was happy.   
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandy1515
<Content>The Ultimate Family Vacation I felt obligated to write as the reviews here were extremely helpful and accurate. We took our 2 boys (age 11 and 9) and everyone had a fantastic time. It was amazingly stressfree from the time we arrived at Punta Cana airport and were met by Club Med reps who welcomed us, carried our luggage, gave us the keys to our room and told us we were already checked in-- and this was at noon! After a 5 minute bus ride we were in paradise. Drinks and a welcome speech then a guided tour to our room. Be sure to get a central building such as Cortes which was close to everything. The beach was beautiful and safe for kids although many pieces of shells in the water so watch your feet. The staff cleared a good stretch of sea grass out but there still was some. Lots of shade under palm trees and plenty of loungers. The pool was great and water was perfect. The meals were very good especially the Canadian chef's table which was exceptional. Breakfast was excellent--lots of wonderful croissants. Lunch and dinner had a good variety although we stayed away from salads (my husband had the cold shrimp salad and was sick for 1 day). We tried most of the sports and snorkelling, kayaking, sailing were the favourites. Too windy for windsurfing unless you are really good. The shows were well done if you are into singing and dancing. Kids enjoyed the kids club and made friends. They spent half day in the club and half day with us. Great security in the resort and really liked that nobody every tried to sell me anything on the beach-- in fact there were no outsiders whatsoever. Lots of friendly folk from Conneticut and less friendly folk from Paris. Overall, it was a great week and we are planning to go again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dadapa
<Content>Couldn't have been better! This was hands-down the best vacation that anyone could EVER have! Our family of three just returned on April 10 from seven days at the Club Med Punta Cana, and we cannot even express how terrific our vacation was! To keep it as brief as possible, here is how we rated it all:Food: lots of variety, something for any taste/dietary restrictions ALWAYS! And all the breads are to DIE for!Drinks/bar: friendly, fast service; all the bottled water you want (in addition to all the other tasty beverages) Be sure to get Tea Punch (pronounced De Paunshe) and ask Michael at the main bar for a Montana/Loads of Fun.Accommodations: Very clean and comfortable, plenty of towels and overall great maid service -- on days when we tipped AND on days when we didn't! We had a garden view room (cheaper than ocean view) but could still see the ocean beyond the picturesque garden just outside our porch.Activities: Loved them! Our family tried archery, soccer, volleyball, Bosu Boot Camp (very challenging but fun), Abs/Buttock workout, roller-blading, ping pong, cross training machine in the gym, water polo, sailing, kayaking, scuba lessons, and snorkeling -- as well as lying around and building sand castles -- it was ALL good! Snorkeling isn't spectacular, but we did go out to the reef and see a huge ray. We didn't do an excursion, but folks who did said the snorkeling was excellent wherever they were taken by boat.The pool and beach -- gorgeous! Just look at the beautiful pictures on the Club Med website and multiply how amazing everything looks by 10! (And, yes, some women do go topless at the pool and on the beach, but nobody seems to care. Our son is twelve, and we just considered it a way to broaden his cultural education!)The people you meet: very cool! We speak very little Spanish and even less French, but everyone we sat with at dinner or met elsewhere on the resort was friendly and willing to try to communicate if we were. (We were actually a bit embarrassed that all the French people whom we met spoke English so much better than we spoke French, but they were quite patient with us.) We met people from all over: Canada, NYC, Chicago, DC, Portugal, NJ, Cleveland, England, Italy, etc., and by the second or third day, we saw friendly and familiar faces wherever we went because we had connected with people through dinner conversation or a shared activity.The overall property: gorgeous, lush, and people are always cleaning wherever you go (sweeping the sidewalks, mopping the restroom floors, hosing down the pool deck, etc.) Security people are visible all over so you feel totally safe even if you are walking alone at night.The Kid's Club: Our son loved being able to drop in for Junior Club (ages 11-14)activities that interested him but sign himself out to do his own thing whenever he preferred. We were able to give him lots of freedom without worrying about his safety.The G.O.'s: friendly, hard-working, impressive group of people. They specialize in various activities and get right in there and interact with the guests all day and all night. (When do these people rest?) They are all personable and very professional.I could go on, but just YOU just need to GO ON to Club Med Punta Cana as fast as you can! It is a phenomenal experience!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I loved It!!! I came back from Club Med, Punta Cana a while ago but i am sure i will be going back. The resort was wonderful! And everybody was so kind! The GO's were helpful and knew almost everybody's name by heart!! The days i usually spent sitting and swimming in the pool... i do wish i did more and i plan to next time i go, sush as windsurfing and snorkling! The language was not a bad problem because it gives you a more international feeling to it. The resort is really for more social people and people who are internationally aware of the world... it's a great place to meet people from all over the world and to have a great time!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Family Vacation We went to Club Med for one week on Feb 28. We took the charter and would definitely recommend this. The ride from the airport is only 10 minutes and our bags were handled from the airport and delivered to our building. The GO's greeted my wife,2 kids (7 and 10 yo), and I upon arrival and departure. One advantage of using the charter is that you get to stay a lot longer in your room on the day of departure than travelling on your own. The resort is definitely very large. It took us a good 10 minutes walk from our room to the lobby. The food was not fine cuisine but was definitely very good for a buffet. The activities were very extensive both for kids and adults. The beach was great. There were plenty of beach chairs and the palm trees gave relief from the intense sun. There was topless sunbathing but it was very innoculous. The free drinks including bottled water(whick we brought back to our room each night for drinking and brushing our teeth) were much appreciated. The massage in the private tent at the beach was just so relaxing and helped soothe my aching muscles from the long walks and all the activities. We reserved time with the onsite photograper to take family pictures and they turned out great. The room had sliding doors that separated the main bedroom from the small living room where the kids slept. The furnishings is very simple but clean. The refrigerator worked fine. The bathroom was ok. It's not the Four Seasons but since most of the time was spent outside your room it served its purpose. About 75% of the guests spoke French. We loved meeting strangers from different cultures and our kids enjoyed meeting them. My 7YO did not want to join the Kids Club partly due to the overwhelming French speaking children but my 8yo loved the Kids Club. He said it was the best Kids Club that he has experienced. Upon checkout, you can place your small bags in the transit lockers. Try to get a locker one hour before your scheduled checkout as they tend to run out. Our charter flights both arriving and departing had delays and this was not an uncommon event after speaking with the other guests.Overall, this was a GREAT PLACE FOR FAMILIES and we would certainly revisit again. For the price and everything that's included, it was a GREAT VALUE.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pixietraveller
<Content>Best All-Inclusive with Kids' Club Our family of 5 went to Club Med Punta Cana from Feb. 19 - March 4, 2004 (2 weeks). We had a wonderful time! The reason why we chose this resort was mainly because of its Kids' Club. Our kids are 5, 9 and 11 years old and we wanted to keep them busy during our holiday. We purchased the land/air package from Club Med and everything was included. Our tourist cards (worth $40 Cdn each), departure tax from Punta Cana( $20 US each) and airport/resort transfers were included.ARRIVAL/DEPARTURE We flew 6 hour 30 min. direct from Vancouver, which was wonderful when flying with kids. When we arrived in Punta Cana Airport, we were met by a Club Med G.O. who gave us our keys and map of the resort. We didn't have to worry about our luggage. They took the luggage, put them on the bus and brought them directly to our rooms. When we arrived at the resort, there were other G.O.'s to welcome us and show us to our rooms. On our departure, the bell boy came to pick up the luggage from our third floor rooms and brought them to the baggage area as we had to vacate the rooms 3 hours before leaving the resort. Normally, the check-out was 11 AM for independent travellers. People who travelled with a package were able to stay longer in their rooms. This also depended on what time your flight is. Our check-out was at 3 PM. We were able to use the resort until our departure time from the resort.ROOMS Because Club Med only allows a maximum of 4 persons in a room, we were given 2 rooms. There were no connecting rooms anywhere in the resort. The units were basically the same but may be set up differently. (There were 2 day beds where the TV and fridge were and a king-size bed in the separate bedroom. The shower and sink were in one room and the toilet was on its own. There were 2 safes in the closet(s).) The balcony had 2 chairs and a table. Not all rooms have a view.A couple of weeks before arriving at Club Med, our travel agent faxed the resort requesting a specific building for our rooms. After looking at the Club Med site map, I decided to ask for the building between the reception area and the Mini Club. The resort is quite spread out and some buildings are a long ways from the restaurants and the Mini Club. If you want to be close to the beach, restaurants and the Mini Club, fax ahead and ask for the Colon or Ovando building. These 2 buildings are in a shape of a U. The ends of the U are the closest to the beach and have a bigger balcony. We were lucky enough to get one unit at the end and being on the top floor, had a wonderful view. The downfall of this room was that it only had one closet. Our second room was beside the other one but the room plan was a little bit different and the ocean view was not as direct. It had 2 closets but had a narrower hallway and a smaller balcony.The fridges worked very well. I have read reviews complaining about the fridge not being very cold. There was a thermostat knob behind the fridge which had to be turned up if you wanted your drinks cold. We even had it so cold, that the drinks froze.The room key came with a plastic card the size of a credit card. In order to turn on your room air conditioning and electricity, you had to put this card into a slot close to the door. You could not leave the card in all day unless you left the key there. The key ring is sodered so you could not take out the plastic card. If you bring an old plastic card, the size of a credit card, you can keep your A/C working all day. The room's thermostat can be adjusted and the rooms can get as cold as 62 degrees if you want. This will also depend on the location of your room. Our second room did not get as much sun so it was colder. We also kept the curtains closed.Housekeeping came at different times each day. The cleaners were good and supplied us with enough towels and soap. The resort did not give hair conditioners, sewing kits or shower caps. There were shower gels and shampoo. There was a laundry line in the shower stall to hang your wet clothes. I've seen people bring ropes and tied them across their balconies to hang their clothes.RESTAURANTS (2) There were lots of food to choose from, buffet style. Breakfast was the same every day. There were freshly blended juices, usually 2 choices each day, a variety of breads, eggs, cereal, cheese, sausages, bacon, potatoes, etc. For lunch and dinner, there were a variety of breads, pastas, chicken, hamburger, hot dog, rice, salads, fish and meat dishes. There was something for everyone. Wine is available for lunch and dinner. I enjoyed the lunch at the Hispaniola Restaurant, as it was by the water and there was a nice breeze. Check the front of the restaurants as it would state the theme of the day. It may be different at each restaurant.The tables varied in size at the restaurants. If you don't want to sit with strangers, you can request for a smaller table. If you arrive within 30 minutes of the restaurant opening, you should be able to get a smaller table. The waiter shows you to your table and turns up the cup or glass to show that the seats are taken. We have had our table taken away by inconsiderate people who do not wait to be seated by a waiter and do not bother looking at how the glasses and cups are placed. Bring something to put on your chair to show the seat is occupied.KIDS' CLUB This was the best kids' club program I have taken my kids to. The programs start at 9 am until 5:30 pm for a shower break and then again at 7 pm for dinner until 9 pm - the kids entertainment. There were so many things to do -- trapeze, swimming, hip hop, soccer, tennis, arts  craft, playground, beach, archery (6+), sailing, snorkeling, kayaking, beach volleyball, waterpolo (Juniors), rollerblading and basketball. The G.O.s were great with the kids. They all speak English and French or Spanish and are in their 20's. There were G.O.s who specialized in certain sports and gave the kids proper instructions (ie. tennis, archery, trapeze).The club was divided into different age groups. There was a 2 year old group (Petits), 3 year olds (Dolphins), 4-5 year olds (Piranhas), 6-7 year olds (Baracudas), 8-10 year olds (Kids), 11- 13 year olds (Junior) and 14+ (Teens). At the Mini Club registration, the G.O.s gave us the schedule for each group. The kids could either meet the group at the Club or at the designated activity area. Each hour the kids had a choice of 2-3 activities. There were a few G.O.s for each group.The Mini Club facility was used by the Petits to the Kids group. Each group had their own rooms with their own washrooms. The Juniors and Teens met at the Club at 9am and moved to the activity assigned at that time. These two older groups did not have to be signed in or out by parents. These kids could just meet up with the G.O.s at the area where the activity was taking place. They did not have to stay with the group all day. As for the younger kids, parents have to sign the child in and out. These kids have an orange band on their wrists which helped the G.O. identify the kids as being part of the Mini Club. The orange band came off when they signed out. The kids can be signed out any time but you'll have to know where they are by looking at the schedule and seeing which activity your child had picked.There were 3 connecting swimming pools with different depths in the Mini Club. Each section was for the different age levels. There was a lifeguard during the designated swimming time. The pool was open only at this time. The Piranhas group (4-5 years old),even if they can swim, had to wear floaters, which was provided by the club. There was a nice playground for the kids to play in.Every child was asked to bring a bag with a hat, sunscreen lotion, swimsuit, change of clothes for the younger kids, and towel. Don't worry about towels for the younger kids. They have towels at the Mini Club pool for the kids.For lunch, the G.O.s brought the group to the Samana Restaurant if parents don't pick up the kids before noon. The younger kids were given food at the table while the older ones got their own and sat with the group. There was a special section for the Mini Club kids only. Parents were not allowed to eat with the Mini Club kids but were welcomed to see their kids. The G.O.s kept track of the children with food allergies. The child's placemat list the things the child cannot have.There was a rest time after lunch for the younger children. My 5 year old had a nap a few times in an airconditioned room. The children do not have to take a nap if they don't want to.Snack time is at 4 pm at the Samana Restaurant for just the Mini Club children.The day was long for the younger children who stayed at the Mini club all day. The G.O.s were very pleasant and patient with the little ones. Kids 5 and under usually do not want to be at the Mini Club all the time. Some days I had my 5 year old spend part of the day with us and let her go to the Mini Club during the activities she enjoyed. We usually took her to lunch with us and spend an hour at the pool before returning her to the Mini Club. The older children have a better time at the Mini Club as they meet new people and like to socialize.During our first week, there were apporximately 750 children at the resort. The earlier part of the second week, there were approximately 500 children. By the latter end of the second week, there were approximately 325 children. Extra G.O.s were brought in for the amount of children in the Mini Club.POOL/BEACH Both the swimming pool and beach were nice. There were lots of chairs around. Some people got up early and saved chairs but we did not find it a difficult task to find a few chairs on the beach or the pool area. Each guest was given a towel card which could be exchanged for a blue towel for the pool or beach. The pool was huge and had a gradual increase in depth. There were 2 - 3 lifeguards at the different sections of the pool. The beach did not have a lifeguard unless the Mini Club kids were there. The beach area was roped off for swimming and it was safe. The watersports activity was further away. Bring sand toys and floating devices. If you forget them, the Boutique Shop has them.WATERSPORTS Kayaking, (1-2 person) sailing, windsurfing and snorkeling were available. Introductory scuba lessons were also given. Lessons for sailing and windsurfing were given at different times. The snorkeling equipment were in good shape and looked pretty new. Water Polo was played in the pool. The Hobby Cat was used only to take the Mini Club children sailing.TENNIS Free lessons were available for beginners, intermedidate and advance players. There were lessons with the pros at an extra charge.FINAL THOUGHTS If you are looking for a holiday for the whole family with lots of activities to do, this Club Med is for you. Before you book your holiday, check out the holidays in France, U.S.A. and Quebec, Canada. This will help you to figure out who will be at the resort when you are there. We met a lot of Americans from New York  New Jersey during our first week at Club Med because of the President's Day holiday, while our second week consisted of a lot of French-speaking people from France and Quebec, Canada. This could affect the socialization of your child at the Mini Club.I would definitely come back to this beautiful resort.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Fiesta Palace We (6) just got back 3/8/04 from 7 wonderful days in Punta Cana, Staying at the Fiesta Palace.No one got sick, we had the best time, the food was wonderful, the people great, the resort clean as can be, the rooms were beautiful, the pool and the beach wondeful can't say enough about it, we had the best time. We rate this resort a 10 and will go again next year.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Delandry
<Content>A nice relaxing vacation We traveled to the Club Med Punta Cana for 10 days from February 23rd to March 3rd. What we found was a nice relaxing place for a family. If you don't have any kids....don't go, you won't enjoy it! The food was OK, but got repetitive after the first week...and none of us were starving! The water on the tables in the restaurants is completely safe. I was 6 months pregnant and I drank it everyday and I (nor my family) never had a problem. We didn't drink the water in the room, we just made sure we had the refrigerator stocked with bottled water from the bar. The location in respect to the airport is great after a long flight, only 5 minutes. We traveled with a 3 year old and enrolled her in the Petite Club, but after 2 days she complained about going. I think the teachers (Nelson and Teresa just to mention a few) are very caring, nice, and really work hard to see that the kids have fun (even talk with the kids outside of the club). I just don't think all the kids can adjust so fast to being in a strange place, with strange kids, and a new language, not to mention that they too, want to be on vacation with Mom and Dad! I think it is probably an excellent program for the older kids, but all the 2's and 3's don't seem to enjoy it. In addition, since there is so much crying going on, there was pink eye infection all over the club! The rooms were fine, we didn't spend much time there anyway. It was nice to have a suite with a door to the bedroom so that our daughter could sleep while we sat in the other room. They were a bit small, but again, we were not there much, so it didn't matter. The staff seemed pretty accommodating and all are very nice. The resort is pretty spread out, but I requested a close room in advance via fax the day before I left. I was granted a room that was only a 2 minute walk to the pool, front desk, mini club, and one of the restaurants. In addition, they gave us ocean view..an option we didn't even pay for! Since two of us (adult and child) ended up with Pink Eye and Tonsillitis we were fortunate enough to check out the medical facility. The people/doctors there were fantastic!! They identified the problems and prescribed the necessary medication to make the down time less than a day!! The visitors the first week we were there seemed mostly Canadian. What a blast we had!! They are fun, polite, and easy to talk to. We left making a lot of friends there. The last few days, after the Canadians left, we were stuck with more of a French crowd. This is where I wish I only made the trip for a week! I hate to stereotype a nation as a whole, but the majority (if not all I encountered), were rude, pushy, snobby, the whole bit (even the kids)! You might be waiting for a drink or standing in line at the buffet and they would just cut right in as if the Silly American/Canadian was invisible! One person I met even stated that one stole her special order omelet. The staff, even though they can't say much, all seem to agree with the difficulty to please them! There were some topless sunbathers...I didn't care too much...there wasn't actually much to look at. I personally wouldn't take off my shirt if I had what they offered. My 3 year old didn't even notice, my husband...pretty disappointed as well. The pool and the beach were fantastic. Very warm water in both, especially the first week when the weather was 88 and sunny every day! (and very safe for all ages) There always seemed to be enough beach chairs, especially if you want to sit in the sun. Some of the activities were goofy, but fun. The cost was the most affordable for a family with what it offered in my opinion. All in all, I would recommend the resort for a family. If you can work it out to go with another family with kids the same age, that may even be better for enrolling the kids in the club (some common ground for them). I would, however, suggest you find out when the majority of the Canadian people go on break. That would make your stay even more enjoyable..... that is, of course, if you are not the rude, snobby type!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>exec1107
<Content>A Relaxing Escape. This review will mean more to those who have stayed at any Club Med before coming to Punta Cana. You already know a lot of what to expect from Club Med -- average accommodations, average food, an affordable price, and lots of activities. For those who have not been to Club Med, I will say this -- if you are a high maintenence vacationer (ie., you need everything just so), go elsewhere. This is a resort where all the basics are handled adequately, and how much fun you have is largely up to you. I went with my family (wife and 3 year old) in the first week of March. The very good things are: a beautiful beach with many palm trees and safe swimming area, a very large and clean pool with depths ranging from 2 feet to 5 feet. Great for kids of any age. Multiple activities throughout the day. Generally friendly guests. Clean but simply furnished rooms. The so-so things are: average food quality, hard white resin beach recliners, silly  sloppy evening shows, weak petit club (for 2  3 year olds). After 2 days in the petit club we took our son out because we missed him, and he did not like the petit club very much. The first thing he said on the morning of the 3rd day was It's not my school day today! The facility is safe, but quite basic. The child's activities change each 30 minutes. There are English-speaking and French-speaking groups of children and the staff can speak each fluently. As for the topless bathers -- grow up. The French culture allows it, and you cannot travel and expect that everything in the foreign country will be like it is in the home country. Why would you want to leave home if only to find everything is the same? Keep the price in mind. Three of us went for $4,100. The quote I rec'd for Sandal's Beaches in Provo was $2,000 more. Enjoy. :-)  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The ultimate family vacation Club Med Punta Cana is the ultimate family vacation. May husband and I and our three children, ages 8, 5, and 2 spent 9 days (Jan 27-Feb 4) at Club Med Punta Cana and found little to complain about. The only downsides were 1. The incredible size of the property would be a problem if you had young children and were in a particularly remote building. 2. The food was a bit repetative if you were there for a long period of time, and many people we met were there for more than a week, particularly those coming from Europe. 3. A couple of times at meals we were seated with people who only spoke French, and we only speak English, making communication difficult! That only happened a couple of times in our nine day stay, and usually the hostess asked us before seating us which language we spoke in an attempt to avoid that situation! 4. My husband's biggest complaint was there wasn't nighttime babysitting available in the rooms. For a fee, you could leave them until 1am in the Kids Club facility, but that means having to carry sleeping kids back to your room or waking them up. Both bad choices. In the end, most nights, my husband stayed in the room with the kids while I enjoyed the shows and the nightlife, because I like silly shows, and he wasn't as interested. Hopefully next year we can convince my mother to join us since she would be happy to stay with the kids, and let us go out together.The positives far outweighed the negatives and include the children's programs where all of our kids had their own clubs with scores of capable GOs meeting their every need and providing endleess activities including: circus school, archery, soccer, rollerblading, swimming, beach volleyball, treasure hunts, sandcastle building contests, tennis, basketball, show productions, magic shows, hip hop, kayaking, sailing and much more. They also took them for meals and snacks throughout the day so Mom and Dad could have that time to ourselves. Pure heaven. Even our little one was taken care of from 9am until just before dinner and then again after dinner until 9pm. By the end of the trip he had had enough of being left, but everyone else was enjoying the time!The beach and pool were both huge and gorgeous and the chairs were plentiful. If you didn't want to be around the many children at the pool, just head to the deep end.To avoid the many kids at meals, I found that could be accomplished by coming to the tail end of meals. By then most of the kids had been fed and were at their clubs or were with their parents doing whatever the activity of the moment was. there were also fewer kids at Kispanola than at Semana Restaurant, especially since the kids clubs fed the kids at Semana.The food was plentiful and buffet style at both restaurants. The fruit, vegetable, salad, cheese and bread selection were awesome at every meal although the hot, main courses were hit or miss. If you are looking for five star, gourmet food you will be disappointed. If good, and plentiful, if a bit repetative will keep you happy then Club Med is right on target! The fruit tarts at lunch were my personal favortie dessert and the kids liked the soft serve ice cream!The activity list was endless...tennis, windsurfing, sailing, sand villeyball, fitness classes, rollerblading, archery, trapeze, basketball, snorkeling, swimming, ping pong, massage, silly shows, etc. With all that was available, my husband and I each found our one favorite activity and did that one thing all week long. I lived on the trapeze and he was playing sand volleyball. The evenings were filled with silly shows followed by fun at the bars and beach disco where you could party with the GMs (guests) and GOs (staff).In the end, if you are not traveling with your kids or family members with kids, Punta Cana is probably is not the right Club Med village for you. It is truly designed for families and there are many children, so be prepared for that. Most of the people who I've talked to with complaints about the kids were those traveling without kids. My suggestion...choose a village for 18 and up. For families...go to Punta Cana and enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Family Vacation Resort       A mere fraction of the beautiful large beach  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fiveinthefamily
<Content>Club Med's a great choice This is our second Club Med vacation. It is a great week away with the kids. Punta Cana offers a great kids club (that costs no extra $ - the review before mine is wrong), good food, nice rooms and a beautiful resort with friendly GO's that understand English very well. Yes, there is lots of French spoken, but no problems with communication. It was fun sharing a table with people from all over the place. Our room had a very comfortable bed and lots of hot water. The beach had some seaweed and the snorkelling was just OK. There are no adjoining rooms in Punta Cana, so our family of five was split up with us in one room and the kids in the one next to us. This worked out well as our kids are 7, 8 and 9. Families with younger kids may want to try Club Med Ixtapa - their rooms connect. The five minute trip from the airport to the resort was easy to take after a 7 1/2 flight. We really enjoyed our stay and would recommend it highly!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Parents must read this before booking I have been travelling internationally extensively for over 27 years of my 34 on this earth and have visited the Caribbean over 14 times, that's my experience. I need to begin by saying that this is NOT a 4-5 star resort. I imagine that anyone who rates it as such has not stayed in a 4+ star resort, sorry. It is a 2.5 AT BEST. In the interest of being fair, I will list the good aspects first, but don't stop there, please read on, you won't beleive what you hear. THE GOOD:1. The pool is massive and has a nice shallow end for the kids. 2. The Beach is nice, and not too wavy. 3. Beach and Pool chairs were not hard to come by.4. The drinks were easy to come by and made with better than average alcohol. Only one beer available, Presidente, not bad.5. Our ocean-view room had a really nice view, although this is highly variable depending on the building you are located in (we were in Cancun building) 6. No mosquitos. THE BAD:1. PARENTS BEWARE---The kids club was totally unacceptable. Our boys, aged 3+ and 2+, were reluctant at first, but went along with the program. We arrived at 9:00 sharp with high hopes for the kids having fun with the others. All of the other parents basically pushed the kids in the door and turned tail out of there, I guess to minimize the remorse. I quickly profiled the G.O.s in the club and decided to stay in the background, outside the club, out of sight, for a while. After approximately 5 minutes our 2 year old came wandering out of the activity room in to the common area and then out the front door into the resort, free. From here he could have wandered anywhere, rocky ocean coast, pool, anywhere. I picked him up and returned him to the club to question the G.O. as to why he was unattended and allowed to wander off. The response in Franglish, was dey all cry duh furst day, WHAT?!?! While I was questioning the lady in charge, Theresa, another G.O. was manhandling a 2-3 year old crying child with moderate roughness, taking hold of him with force and throwing him up over her shoulder, pulling down his shorts. My 3 year old, who is a very reasonable kid and very articulate, said that the ladies had been mean to him. That was the last of the kids club for us. Really, if I wouldn't leave my kids with strangers in the US why would I leave them with foreigners in a foreign country? Shame on me for even trying this. Over the next three days, whenever we passed, there was loud screaming and crying eminating from the kids club. It seemed that the older kids (6+) were having fun, but the little ones were in hell. 2. Cockroaches the size of my thumb in the bathroom and in the closet. 3. The bathroom was horribly filthy, moldy, smelly. 4. The other guests were primarily French and New Jorkers. Previously, I would have considered myself a fan of the French, no more. They are just plain rude and pushy. Not appealing to a midwestern boy. The New Jorkers would literally push you out of the way to get to the blintzes and bagels. Downright nasty, rude, inconsiderate, loud, obnoxious, foul mouthed New Jorkers were everywhere. 5. The restaurants. First of all, you are forced to sit with whomever the G.O.s choose to seat you. Usually a French family. This would be fine, if they had any interest in talking to you but they generally just looked at us with their usual disdain for the Americans. I formerly defended the French, despite their terrible reputation in the US, but now I see why I was wrong.6. The Food. Massive quantities of slop. Seriously, Tang is not Orange juice. Instead of wine and beer at breakfast, real Orange juice would be nice.7. The Room. VERY VERY SMALL. Every piece of furniture had a sharp edge. The door could not be secured to keep the little ones from opening the door. The fridge was warmer than the room. Foul Odor. The TV got an italian, french, and spanish channel. One night I did get a Hockey game on ESPN, but then it was gone. 8. The Resort. Everything is a LONG walk. No matter where you are housed. A stroller is a must. Couples without kids/empty nesters this would be hell for you, screaming kids everywhere.9. The Management. I attempted to meet with the Manager, Phillipe, but twice to address concerns regarding the kids club, I was turned away as Mr. Phillipe is too bizy rot no.IF YOU HAVE BOOKED THIS DUMP, TRY TO CANCEL. DO NOT BOOK THIS RESORT, IT IS A HUGE DISAPPOINTMENT. SPEND A LITTLE MORE MONEY AND GO TO A MORE AMERICANIZED RESORT IN A NICER LOCATION. ---  
<Date>Feb 12, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pros, Cons  My husband  I just returned from a weekend at Club Med Punta Cana. It was our first Club Med experience.Pros: The weather was wonderful, the beach excellent. Water in the Carribean in Jan is not warm, but it is ok, once you get used to it. The bread in the restaurants was excellent, you have to try the chocolate bread!Neutrals: The food was tolerable. I do not eat seafood, and that is a big problem at Club med. They even put tuna on their pizzas! Yes, they always had beef or chicken, but it was not what you would find in an average american restaurant. There was an abundance of fruit at every meal, which I ate  had no problem with. I also drank a lot of sodas with ice from the bars and had no problem with the water. We did not take our teenagers with us, but they would have been unhappy with the menus. The hotdogs  hamburgers that they offer would not have been eaten by my kids-I tried the hotdog, and I wouldn't eat it either.Rooms were adequate, not luxurious, but very clean with lots of closet space. They have a small refrigerator that doesn't cool very well and 2 small safes, neither of which would lock properly. Negatives: If you don't speak french, don't expect to make a lot of new friends, don't expect to be seated with english speaking guests at dinner. My guess is that 90% of guests were french. With this comes topless sunbathing  thong bikinis; If this bothers you, you might consider another resort. Kids: Looks like a great kids club for those parents that wanted to spend the $ to enroll their children. Most children were in the infant to 6yr age group. That means at every meal there were screaming children, crying babies, and parents who have never heard of disciplining their children. While at the pool, there were a number of toddlers around the deep end of the pool with no adult close by. At the beach, there were unsupervised children galore, and I wonder why children don't end up getting hurt, since their parents don't seem to watch them very well. Dress ran the gamut from semi formal to ultra casual at all meals, but casual was the norm.Hints: If you want to spend time in the sun, wear your swimsuit to breakfast with a cover-up, and on your way to the restaurant, deposit your sunglasses, towels, books etc in a lounge chair. If you eat first, then go back to your room to change, there will not be any chairs left. On the beach, avoid the white plastic chairs, they are not as comfortable as the blue.You are expected to check out by 11, but club med provides wonderful changing rooms with lockers, showers, towels etc., so you can check out, put your carryon in the locker  then go to the beach until your afternoon departure. Don't depend on the airport transfers being included, even though it says so in your papers from your travel agent. We waited an hour at the airport trying to get transportation to the resort, and on the way home, had to pay for a taxi, since suddenly, there were no english speaking GO's around. Taxi is $10 each way to the airport, so plan ahead! It was an enjoyable getaway, but I would have to say that I would certainly book a 7 day carribean cruise before I would spend a week at this resort.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ethan045
<Content>Strengths and weaknesses Our stay was average given the price. The strengths were the beach, the weather, and the kid-friendly environment. I can't overemphasize the later point. For smaller kids the place definitely works: shows, tons of junk food, and plenty of space to run around.Unfortunately there were some serious negatives starting with the rooms. Our toilet was constantly in need of repair. and we had no hot water the entire week we were there. Our last day, the water was luke warm and we practically celebrated. What was most annoying about the hot water problem was the general indifference expressed by the reception and management. After mentioning the problem our first day, the response was to just let the water run for awhile. We got a similar response the second day. We let the water run for an hour and ended up finding a shower at a friend's place. Nightmare.Also, since a previous message brought up tennis, I thought I mention that the GOs are helpful but they're a lot more helpful if you pay and take a private lesson. If you're an average player the GO's organize tournaments which allow you to meet other players. However, if you're a strong player, you'll need to pay $40 a hour to hit with the pro. I suppose it's natural to want get paid additional amounts. But I found it annoying that there were many times when GOs just hung out and would only set up a time to hit if you paid them.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Ultimate Family Vacation The only place to begin this review is to say that this is the ultimate family vacation resort. We were in Club Med, Punta Cana for 5 days, and every day was great. Our kids, 10 and 6, had the times of their lives in the Mini Club Med. The activities are non-stop, and our oldest could not get enough of Circus Club. For grown-ups and kids, the activities are endless. My wife and I did the standard tennis lessons each day, and played in the late afternoon social tournements a few days. Great fun. If you want to go nuts with tennis, go the ATP route. The tennis GO's were great.The food is buffet style for every meal. This does get a little tedious after 5 days, but the food is very good with lots of variety. There is enough standard american stuff for even the pickiest of eaters. The tables are large, so at every meal, the dining staff seats you with other people, and often one or two GO's come and join as well. We had a great time meeting people from around the world. If putting up with a buffet for 5 days or more is the price to pay for being at Club Med, Punta Cana, it is a bargain.The rooms are nice and roomy, for a hotel, with termostats that work and cable TV for when the kids are winding down. Housekeeping did a great job every day.The bartenders are efficient, just don't expect snappy service. You may have to wait 1 or 2 minutes if the bar is crowded. If you are in a hurry, you are in the wrong place anyway. You can always get bottled water or a drink at any time of the day with few hassles.The airport is only a 5 or 10 minute ride from the property. Be prepared to pay $10 per person to enter the country. This was without question the best family vacation we have taken. We all truely hated to leave. It is not the Ritz, but if you want a great tropical getaway, where you are not on a beach full of hotels for as far as you can see, but you want to feel the remote flavor of the islands in a great and beautiful setting, this Club Med is where you want to stay. The property is beautiful, all of the activities are great, sailing, snorkeling, kayaking, tennis, beach vollyball, nightly shows, circus camp, swimming, windsurfing and fitness. The GO's are fantastic and really try to get to know you if you are so inclined. Or you can sit by the pool or the beach, do nothing and have a great time. By the way, the resort was completely full, and at any time of the day, you could get a lounge chair at either the pool or the beach! No getting upp at 6:00 am to claim a chair.Oh, yes, the french. Some were reserved, but for the most part, they were great. The last few days a large group from New York came in, and my only comment is that they should stay in New York. When young kids tell the bartender to hurry their Shirley Temple because they are in a hurry, you don't understand the islands. Also, it is flat out rude. The french were reserved, some didn't speak much english, but the New Yorkers were obnoxious.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great time at Club Med Punta Cana My family and I just returned from Club Med Punta Cana and we had a wonderful time (10/12 - 10/19). In all there were seven of us traveling together, including a four year old and two one year olds. The four year old chose not to attend the mini club due, in large part, to the fact that there seemed to be very little English spoken - the predominent language seemed to be French. The pool was really what made the vacation great. It has a large shallow end that's approximately knee deep and was perfect for the kids. The direct flight made traveling simple although there was confusion on the way home because the flight time was changed to two hours earlier without any notice to the travelers. All in all, the food was great, the weather was wonderful (hot and sunny each day even though weather channels had indicated rain), and the beach was beautiful. The resort has a very friendly and safe feeling to it. I would definitely return to Club Med whether to Punta Cana or another village.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing, Amazing, and once again Amazing!!   showReview(1398398, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheBlueWaterBreeze
<Content>Nice, but Hot    showReview(1188882, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The perfect vacation   showReview(1144765, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Most Fun Ever!   showReview(1141315, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great time for the whole family!   showReview(1136415, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic getaway for the whole family   showReview(1101313, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>milkmaid
<Content>fantastic - cant go wrong!   showReview(930412, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I really loved it!   showReview(929515, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommended!   showReview(855321, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>wonderful   showReview(496056, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frank_Reyes
<Content>Trs bien pour toute la famille       La piscine des moyens  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>crisetvalou
<Content>Du grand Club Med       Club Med punta Cana - plage  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rezigler
<Content>Super voyage, super club med, super GO   showReview(22742124, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ruanpol
<Content>Tres beau club - mais problme de bagage   showReview(21601783, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BNPE-H
<Content>paradis   showReview(19421369, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>guigas
<Content>Mediocre Club Med   showReview(19334252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	5	2	4	5	3	

<Author>krole18
<Content>sensationnel       la plage  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pncdb
<Content>valises perdues en consigne   showReview(16736234, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>natmel
<Content>Excellent htel GO de folie de trs bon souvenir       kathy et nat  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>carmi3
<Content>Superbe vacances   showReview(16438956, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>KathyAvignon
<Content>Superbe cadre de vgtation au bord d'une maginifique plage   showReview(15658902, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>codeperso
<Content>De chouettes vacances   showReview(14530025, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tony_cool99
<Content>Club Med Punta Cana: Une exprience des plus enrichissante       on se relaxe  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>MonsieurHulot
<Content>Surement le meilleur Club Med !   showReview(10749092, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>aliba51
<Content>Vraiment Top   showReview(8102193, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pepitazita
<Content>genial ;)       magnifique  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	4	2	

<Author>Alain18
<Content>Cet endroit est  mes yeux Paradisiaque le Club super   showReview(6752390, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>milaMontreal
<Content>Pas terrible   showReview(6598220, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>TonySalerno
<Content>nella media del Clud Med, anche se con qualche problema       A.Ceruso, Italy  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>christelZ
<Content>magnifique sjour   showReview(5954518, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

