<Author>BiziDubai
<Content>Taken for a ride! I am really disappointed and upset about the Kempinski. On the day of the check out, my beauty case with expensive beauty products and some other items (chanel shirt, hair product, etc.) were stolen from our room. It was the first day of our honeymoon. So you can imagine how we felt. We immediately told the management about the incident. They promised to search through the hotel and let us know should they find the missing items. After several phone calls (initiated from us), they came back with the information that they haven't found anything. After I have needled them for hours over the whole day, somebody from the management told me, I should send a letter and list all missing items incl. costs which they would forward to their insurance. I should not worry, the insurance is going to compensate me! (We were talking about approx. 500 Euros).The day after we left to Thailand.. however, back home we got a letter from the insurance company saying that they will not compensate me, as it is the fault of the guest to leave such items in the hotel room, especially after check out. I was shocked! After all, the hotel management does not care if valuable suff gets stolen. Moreover, they have given a wrong advice, that the insurance will pay and I shouldn't worry. (as they were fed up from us bothering them by calling every 30 minutes..). Only based on that information, we have given in.That's why I called the review title: Taken for a ride. I think with that the hotel management indirectly supports theft! They could have compensate us, especially as newly wed couple! I think it's pure brashness and the worst I have ever seen! Will never ever book a room there and cannot recommend it at all! BUT IF YOU INTEND TO BOOK A ROOM AT THIS HOTEL MAKE SURE YOU DON'T FORGET ANY ITEMS WHEN LEAVING THE ROOM/HOTEL!!! IT'S GONNA BE STOLEN!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	1	3	2	1	2	

<Author>cb0079
<Content>Unpleasant encounter First of all you need to be aware that this hotel is not in Frankfurt, but in Neu-Isenburg / Gravenbruch which is quite a distance both to the city as well as the airport. Tripadvisor lists this hotel under both Frankfurt and Neu-Isenburg where in fact these listings should be merged.I have booked a day room in this hotel as part of the free arrival service for Lufthansa First Class Passengers. The problems already started with my reservation. I had emailed them requesting a room and my email remained unanswered for over one week. After sending a reminder, I received a confirmation. When I had to postpone my arrival by one day, I sent them a note with this request. Their confirmation (in a very impersonal template-email) then showed an overnight stay which I had never requested. I asked them to rectify and eventually got the correct confirmation. However, two days before my arrival they seemed to be so confused that they emailed me and even called my parents (whose contact number I had provided since I was travelling overseas) to check again on my arrival date. The experience got worse when I arrived at Frankfurt airport. I arrived at the airport at 5:20 am. My confirmation email showed that their free shuttle service from the airport to the hotel was only available between 6:30 am and 10:30 pm, so I went to the Lufthansa Lounge for one hour. The Lufthansa staff called the Kempinski to book the shuttle for me which the hotel confirmed. However, when I got outside the terminal, there was no shuttle waiting for me so I called the hotel myself. The receptionist told me that the shuttle had just left and could only return after another 45 minutes of wait since they only have one shuttle bus and it were busy. While I had no problem waiting in the lounge, you need to know that after the baggage claim/customs there is no waiting area and you are virtually standing on the street in the cold of the morning. I asked to speak to a manager as this is not what I understand as First Class Service, so my call was transferred to another lady who said that I should take a taxi and would be reimbursed for the cost. When I arrived at the hotel, she handed me over the money for reimbursement. However, upon check-out, I was approached by a gentlemen who presented me with the bill for the taxi and insisted that I need to pay back to them for the taxi fare of EUR 26.50. I asked to bring this to the attention of the hotel's management, so after being back home, I received a call, where they just reinstated that I had to pay without acknowledging that their reception staff had made a mistake by promising me a reimbursement. I later learnt that - even though I had requested to speak to a manager - she was not and apparently not in the position to make any decision. The deputy director of the hotel who I was eventually talking to on the phone treated me very rudely and made me feel like I were trying to cheat them by a pack of peanuts.The room itself was ok, but nothing great. Even though I had a room which seemed to be more recently renovated, I could see other rooms as well as the corridors that showed a very old fashioned, dated design. In several places and details (like e.g. the elevators) you can see that the hotel is already more than 40 years old. If this comes together with bad and rude service plus a very remote location, very high costs for extras (Wireless Internet in the room using your own laptop at 6 EUR per hour whereas other hotels like e.g. the Radisson offer this for free), you should think twice whether you want to stay there.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	1	5	1	1	1	

<Author>HONkiev
<Content>Good at the price Yes, the Kempinski is a rather old hotel and definitelly needs renovations. The good news is that they started and already renovated some rooms in the old part of the hotel. This rooms are made very nice, new bathroom, parket, furniture, 32 or 37 flat-screen TV etc. If you get one of that rooms the Kempinski ois worth the money (it's below 鈧?200 when there's no exhibition). But when you catch one of the non-renovated rooms it's too expensive. So when you like to gamble the Kempinski is yours. You might be lucky! Pool area, breakfast and rooms service are of 5* standard. The location is off the city but when you've to reach the airport or work in the south of Frankfurt (Neu-Isenburg, Dietzenbach, Heusenstamm) it's just fine. Also they offer free bus transfer to exhibition center in Frankfurt. Btw - if you want something nice you should go for the Lake Suites, they're really nice - very good condition classic 70's style (dark brown marble bathroom and toilet...)! Staff is very experienced and helpful, even more than 5*!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amicaTheWorld
<Content>Beware this is not a 5*hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>DavemScotland
<Content>First Class Stay I stayed here with my wife for three nights at the end of November 2007. We had an excellent weekend. Hotel was first class and service we received was generally excellent.I attended a business conference in the hotel on the Friday. Conference facilities excellent.We then stayed over the weekend. My wife used the pool and spa facilities and was very impressed.We used the hotel shuttle-bus to the airport - no problems.We visited Frankfurt city centre on a number of occasions. The Christmas market at this time of year really is something to see ! We attended a show at the English Theatre on Saturday evening. Please be aware that the hotel is about 20 minutes taxi ride from down-town Frankfurt. 20 to 25 Euros taxi fare each way. This soon adds up over a weekend. We were unable to pay for our taxis at reception and have the cost added to our room bill. Cash was required to pay the driver. I recommend that the hotel look at this. I also recommend to them that they extend their shuttle-bus service to the city-centre. This would encourage more tourist visitors at week-ends.Over-all, we really enjoyed our stay and will return sometime.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phillywe
<Content>As good as ever       Room  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SWP
<Content>Great respite from the airport I totally agree with the previous review. I chose this hotel because I wanted a high quality hotel and the prices of the five star hotels at the airport were astronomical. I phoned the hotel from the baggage hall and we were collected by the shuttle within five minutes of getting to the meeting point. The driver was a delight and check in was a snap. We had an early morning flight the next day and the staff were helpful in making sure we reserved the shuttle in time to make our airport check-in. THe room and bath were very comfortable, well furnished with all the ammenities you would expect from Kempinski. I would recommend this hotel and would stay again if visiting Frankfurt.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>neilyork
<Content>Very nice, very roomy I stayed at this hotel on my way back from Dubai, as part of Lufthansa's First Class offering you get a day room here free of charge.I called up the shuttle bus at 0700 and it arrived within 15 minutes. The very friendly driver even shook my hand! He was well dressed in hotel uniform.Some minutes later we arrived and check-in was done quickly, without fuss (I just wanted to sleep of course).The same driver took me and my bags to the room. Upon entering the room I must say it was excellent, very roomy and very clean. The television was a huge flat screen thing - very impressive. The bed was also very large and the room appeared very modern. Overall, I thought the place was excellent. I found no faults at all.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jerry-Traveller
<Content>Not worth the price... First off let me give you the bottm line up front, not worth the 350 euros a night I was charged, for a room that was supposed to be 550 euros a night. Since I was one single person, they put me into a room the size of a closet. It had a single bed, with furnishings and decorations straight out of the 1970s, including the old fashioned radio controls attached to the bedstand that aren't attached to anything (for those who have travelled in europe you'll know what I mean). The room was microscopic! Only a shower, no bath. Wireless internet access is extremely expensive and problematic at best. Also, the place is out in the middle of nowhere, I had to walk 1.5 km to find an ATM. The restauraunts were impeccable, food delicious in every way, the wait and service staff professional and competent, room service excellent, common areas clean and neat if a little bit old fashioned and worn. I understand they had a facelift but am at a loss to where it was, the decor and furnishings were straight out of the 1970's, you would expect Steve McQueen to be sitting at the bar. The workout area and pool were very nice, both indoor and outdoor. Shuttle bus drivers were the best feature, they were knowledgable about Frankfurt and were professional and talkative, proud of their jobs and their town, ready to help with any advice about Frankfurt. The concierge is a bit stodgy and snooty, if you are not in a suit and tie, he doesn't want to talk to you. Also had no idea about questions asked about Frankfurt, like restauraunts, places to see, etc. In fact all of the desk staff treats someone dressed casually like they are third class citizens. Had a little issue with my credit card when checking out and thought the desk staff very arrogant and accusatory at that point, but since I got it taken care of (one phone call), no problem at my end, but the attitude given by the staff would make me think twice about staying there. In a nutshell, definately not worth the price. Stay at the Hilton, I have, it is worth every penny (cheaper and right in the middle of town) with a friendly and professional staff.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jerry-Traveller
<Content>Not worth the price... First off let me give you the bottm line up front, not worth the 350 euros a night I was charged, for a room that was supposed to be 550 euros a night. Since I was one single person, they put me into a room the size of a closet. It had a single bed, with furnishings and decorations straight out of the 1970s, including the old fashioned radio controls attached to the bedstand that aren't attached to anything (for those who have travelled in europe you'll know what I mean). The room was microscopic! Only a shower, no bath. Wireless internet access is extremely expensive and problematic at best. Also, the place is out in the middle of nowhere, I had to walk 1.5 km to find an ATM. The restauraunts were impeccable, food delicious in every way, the wait and service staff professional and competent, room service excellent, common areas clean and neat if a little bit old fashioned and worn. I understand they had a facelift but am at a loss to where it was, the decor and furnishings were straight out of the 1970's, you would expect Steve McQueen to be sitting at the bar. The workout area and pool were very nice, both indoor and outdoor. Shuttle bus drivers were the best feature, they were knowledgable about Frankfurt and were professional and talkative, proud of their jobs and their town, ready to help with any advice about Frankfurt. The concierge is a bit stodgy and snooty, if you are not in a suit and tie, he doesn't want to talk to you. Also had no idea about questions asked about Frankfurt, like restauraunts, places to see, etc. In fact all of the desk staff treats someone dressed casually like they are third class citizens. Had a little issue with my credit card when checking out and thought the desk staff very arrogant and accusatory at that point, but since I got it taken care of (one phone call), no problem at my end, but the attitude given by the staff would make me think twice about staying there. In a nutshell, definately not worth the price. Stay at the Hilton, I have, it is worth every penny (cheaper and right in the middle of town) with a friendly and professional staff.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	4	1	4	2	

<Author>FloridaUSA
<Content>A Restful Stay At A Classy Hotel With Character My husband, daughter and I spent an overnight at the Kemipnski Hotel outside of Frankfurt. After reading a review about it and learning it was it was located on a nature preserve, it sounded like the kind of place that would help us relax and get a good night's sleep before our transatlantic flight.We had never stayed at a Kempinski before, but we were so pleased with our visit, that we will definitely try to stay at one again. The hotel was about a 20 minute drive from the Frankfurt airport. We called the complimentary shuttle and it picked us up. The hotel is set on several acres of pretty land. We were given a room with a pretty view overlooking the pond. The hotel is older, but with a lot of character and quite lovely. The beds and pillows were very comfy. There was a fresh rose in our bathroom. We had a complimentary bottle of water waiting for us too. The front desk and the driver were very friendly and helpful. For dinner, we went to their Forest Hause Restaurant and had the most delightful waitress who cooked several dishes according to our preferences. The food was delicious and reasonably priced.The next morning we had a fantastic full breakfast buffet served in their light and cheery breakfast restaurant. The buffet was extensive with delicious eggs, meats, cheeses, home made breads and pastries, fresh squeezed juices and many cereals.All of us thoroughly enjoyed our stay and think this hotel was one of our highlights of our trip.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>crsvan
<Content>Maybe choose another hotel for this price.       Worn Chair 2  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	1	3	

<Author>ryota
<Content>Old, but not classical old I chose this hotel from the internet using the keyword boutique hotel frankfurt but it turned out to be a big disappointment. The hotel is a low rise and very big. I believe they just had a rennovation but I can see old things in the room like bathroom floor  wall tiles, furnitures. The shower faucet is terrible. Hot water comes and goes. I decided to check out and ask for a refund but they won't give any so finally they had to give me a new room. Anyway, It looks old but no senses of antique. They charged 131 for the first 2 nights and 255 euros for the third night (during the trade fair), and all without any breakfast. The hotel is far away from everything. Tourists like us can possibly go nowhere. Though they have shuttle van to the airport but not convenience at all. The GSA staffs are OK but the concierge guy has attitude. He tried to act like a butler but you can expect no help from him.The wellness center is very old and the spa look dull. I think they need a major rennovation for the whole property.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Chris71151
<Content>Super Hotel This is an excellent hotel, the staff are very helpful, the food excellent and the bedrooms and public areas are well appointed and clean. Some redecoration is taking place but every care is taken to ensure guests are not inconvenienced. The only two minor comments I would make are the lifts are very slow and there is no coffee/tea making facility in the rooms only a mini bar and complimentary bottle of water. Other than this I could find no fault.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>JonStroud
<Content>A wonderful retreat from the city It's lovely to visit a hotel where you feel like you are being given five star service from start to finish. Arriving at Frankfurt airport I rang the Kempinski to ask about their courtesy pick up service. No problem, I was told in perfect English, our driver will be with you in 15 minutes. And he was - despite the fact the I was standing in the wrong place. Not a problem for the Kempinski - a quick call on my mobile phone with instructions of where to go and there was the very smart people carrier with the blackened out windows.Arriving at the hotel, check in could not have been easier. All the staff were more than welcoming and offered a cheery smile despite the fact they were obviously very busy with a full house from the Frankfurt Bookfair (for which I too was staying). I was offered assistance with my bag but hey, it's on wheels and I have arms! Walking through the hotel I was impressed with the clean modern decor that, although obviously a hotel interior, did not seem like a carbon copy of every other establishment across Europe. For my own interest I also rather enjoyed all the sporting photographs framed in the corridors.The room itself was very large and spacious with plenty of desk space for working, an enormous (and very comfortable) bed and a spotless bathroom. I was housed in the Park Wing of the hotel with a lovely view across the lake an woodland.For the evening meal I decided to order room service - a simple fettuccini with Bolognese sauce. It did take a very long time to arrive but in defence of the hotel it was Friday evening during the city's most busy week of the year with a full complement of guests AND, most importantly, they kept me informed by a couple of quick calls. It really makes all the difference. The price of the meal was more than reasonable and its quality was excellent - as good as I would have expected had I dined in their restaurant.Checkout was quick and effortless and a special bus was organised to take trade visitors such as myself to the fairground at no charge.My only small criticism was the fact that, for 12 hours use, i was required to pay 鈧?0 for WiFi internet access for my laptop. I have stayed in many a hotel where this is now included free of charge and felt that for an establishment the size and stature of the Kempinski this was perhaps penny pinching.That said I will definately be booking back into the Kempinski for next year's book fair!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Facelift / Renovation - They did it - Unbelievable but true my famous hotel in town done the renovation. I have been now several times to this hotel 鈥?luxury, historical and quiet 鈥?can sleep with open windows, be next to Frankfurt city and next to the airport. But last time I can to Kempinski Hotel Frankfurt and I could not believe my eyes 鈥?it new and very nice 鈥?they did it 鈥?the renovation 鈥?after some year. I can recommend my place to you. For Business (they have a nice transfer with a limousine to town and airport and for your meeting it was great 鈥?having 鈥淕luehwinie鈥?during the pause. Great and delicious  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ejcooper0
<Content>Great qualities - needs facelift We stayed at the Kempinski for two nights Sept 30  Oct 1/05. We decided to stay as this was a flight transfer point, and wanted to see a bit of Frankfurt. The location of our room was very nice,large, with a view of a small lake and forest area. There is an outdoor and indoor pool, dining rooms etc. Shuttle service from the airport to the hotel, as well as shuttle service into town. The hotel is basically about 15 minutes from the airport as well as from Old Town. The downside was the slippery bathtub with such high sides that you had to be very careful when going in and coming out. We also felt that the room and bathroom needed a coat of paint and some freshening up.The breakfast buffet was amazing, laid out beautifully and delicious. The dining rooms are lovely and relaxing. Wines a bit high in price, as generally most hotels are.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Clod13
<Content>What a service! Yes, the hotel needs some remodelling, it has the charme of older days. Some like that, I prefer more modern hotels. BUT, the good news is, it is impeccably clean and perfectly maintained. Also, the park-like surroundings are beautiful.What impressed me most was the service. Each employee that you meet anywhere at anytime greets you friendly. They make you feel welcome there.I filled a survey and a week later had a thank-you letter in my mail. Outstanding!I stayed here for a 2-day meeting and was very pleased.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>goodnamesaretaken
<Content>I checked out early! Fo the price of a room here, I expected a lot. At checkin, I was pressured by the clerk to upgrade to a suite. She told me the regular rooms were very small and not inviting. I travel a lot and I have never heard a hotel say that about their rooms. The carpet in the public area was frayed and worn in places. The staff entered my room twice without knocking first. I could not pick up the wireless internet. The bed was comfortable and the room fine, but for the money they were charging, the Kempinski was way overrated. They also run a shuttle bus into Frankfurt which was good however, the times were few and far between.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>weaverville
<Content>Ok for business I stayed at this hotel for one night on business. It is close to the Frankfurt airport and rooms are pleasant but I was not impressed by the odd orange hallway color and the obviously patched carpeting throughout much of the hotel. Food was very good and they have a nice sized indoor pool and heated outdoor pool. I would say fine for a business stay - not for romance or a getaway.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great garden, great food, out in the country quiet area of Frankfurt. This was my second time to stay at this hotel in the last one year. They have a beautiful garden and out side terrace restaurant with beautiful food. Out in the quiet area from the financial center of Europe, you will enjoy the nature, as well as the warm hospitality.The heated swimming pools are very nice with pool bar, and health club. You can also just lie down on the beach bed for relax in the garden, too.Room is very clean, nicely furnished, and I don't know if I was Japanese, or not, but they provided Japanese bath salt and Japanese tea set with German cookies along with the fruit and mineral water in the room.The only problem that I had to mark 4* on the review was that stupid key system they had on the room. It somehow get locked completely, that the normal guest keys can not open the door. So that I called the reception from my friend's room for four times, and had to wait for 30 mins. But then, there came no one to open it. So I had to carry my baby and went down to the reception to grab a staff and make him open it. There he was smiling, 'oh, the door locked completely? Then you can not do anything else, but contact the reception. ' So I told him I called from my friend's room four times, but no appologies, as usual (nothing new in Germany) They should explain you when checking-in about the key and the silly door, or they should change the entire doors in the house.Other than that, I believe they offer great service, and great food. My recommendation is Japanese menu. You need to reserve it for the dinner, but for lunch, you can just go and enjoy it.Japanese guests will be very happy with their service, for sure. As it should be the highest service for us in Europe.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Prepare to Walk Been to Kempinski for the first time, I enjoyed my (2 day) stay very much. It's a very stylish, renovated old hotel with a lot of refinement. Nevertheless, the hotel's hunderds of rooms are spread on very few (three, if I remember correctly) floors, so if you're planning on having a vacation in Kempinski you shoul either prepare to walk a lot - or ask for a room, near the reception. Otherwise, you'll have a very classy vacation/business trip there.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fnd74
<Content>H么tel m茅diocre dans la banlieue de Francfort   showReview(21883672, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	4	4	5	3	

<Author>yoshikun
<Content>鎳愩亱銇椼伄銉曘偐銉偣銉堛儚銈︺偣銉汇兓銉汇兓       銈便兂銉斻兂銈广偔銉笺伀銇︺€?/a>  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bubu51
<Content>5 stelle??????   showReview(20349818, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>carpetprincess
<Content>F眉r ein Kempinski eine Frechheit   showReview(18111741, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Genau das was man von ein klassisches F眉nf Sternen Hotel erwarten darf   showReview(15572103, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>evitate la cucina   showReview(13203017, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Christine039
<Content>Au脽ergew枚hnliches Hotel mit erstklassigem Service       Abendstimmung - Blick auf die Restaurantterrasse  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>umgang mit Reklamationen   showReview(5423007, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

