<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>It's Definitely Growing On Me I stayed at this hotel twice in the last two months. The first time it was just an overnight trip, and perhaps I only noticed some of the drawbacks of the hotel - chiefly the room sizes, which were designed in a different age when rooms (in the early 1990s) were not expected to be huge in deluxe hotels like many are today. There isn't a walk in shower, for instance, and just has the old standard - the walk in shower, albeit with the hard sliding screen. The hotel is definitely old school and of a certain age - with Chanel and Gucci stores in the lobby. I guess the first time I came, I expected to be absolutely blown away by a different class of hotel that people might expect of the Peninsula. That wasn't the case, so I was a little disappointed.However, I stuck with it for my recent visit in early November, and this time, having more realistic expectations of a regular 5 star hotel, I was actually impressed. I guess it's not quite like the Peninsula Hong Kong or Tokyo, but few hotels are. This hotel also has a totally different room tariff structure, so it's not like many of the negative recent reviews paid US$300 a night.The room is actually attractively designed, and is very comfortable. The bed was wonderful, and I disagree with a previous reviewer that the breakfast buffet was wanting. If you like Chinese breakfasts, you are in for a major treat. The congee and the condiments were delicious and there were so many choices I felt I'd need to eat there 3 nights to try everything.I looooved the gym. The machines were state-of-the-art, the decor was beautiful, an attendant would bring you a cold towel in the middle of your workout and all the water you'd want, and best of all there was an iPod jack in the machines so you could plug in without running your battery down.And not enough can be said of the location. Some people might like the Grand Hyatt location better (as it is closer to Tiananmen) but I feel the Peninsula is closer to the attractions and shopping on Wangfujing and surrounding streets and it's easy to hop in a cab and go anywhere. My walk from the Great Hall of the People to the hotel one night took just 20 minutes (at a brisk pace).The hotel is not going to bowl you over. But I thought all the service staff had an excellent attitude and were very helpful. You particularly may not find a more competent concierge staff than at the Pen in Beijing.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StarwoodLoyalist
<Content>Below par service and staff for a Peninsula.... We just spent 5 nights at the Peninsula Beijing because I got a great rate on the room with breakfast and wanted a safe and comfortable place since it was our first time in Beijing. It is in a solid location, close to everything. Unfortunately our first 24 hours there were a bit unsettling. We checked into in a deluxe room (fancy name for standard), which was comfortable. First the toilet had problems but that was quickly fixed. That should have been a warning of the things to come. We had a good evening and a yummy breakfast at the buffet. At the buffet, there was a wait every morning we went down regardless of the time. There was only one person seating the guests and the line often backed up. How could this be for a buffet breakfast?! Obviously they need to review their staffing charts. Once seated, there were lots of servers but unclear on what the did either. I actually filled out the comment card since there did not seem to be enough servers inside refilling coffee/tea either. To be honest, we had better service at Sheraton Saigon than the Peninsula Beijing. The Sheraton buffet put theirs to shame. I'm a huge Starwood fan and had debated between the St. Regis which was a tad farther from the center but now wonder wish I had stuck with my loyalties. I figured in Asia, Peninsula is the gold standard after our stay in the HK Peninsula. Sadly I was wrong. If that is their benchmark, they have a long way to go!After breakfast on day 1, we returned to our room, which we had cleaned. Looking to change into jeans, I quickly realized they were no where to be found! Luckily I had worn them on the plane and into the hotel, so I knew they had to be somewhere, but definitely were no longer in our room. I was NOT a happy camper. My husband and I went down to reception. He was paranoid about his computer, since it did not fit into the tiny safe they provide. This was the first time, we had a safe the size of a shoe box. Upon informing the hotel resident manager, the housekeeper came to our room. The head of housekeeping also showed up but was very unsympathetic (surprise, surprise,....). We spent over an hour talking in circles of translations to track down my jeans. Miracliously, after insisting they be found, the housekeeper had an epiphany and recovered them...........in another guest room. I was highly confused and not comfortable with the hotel at all. We even went to the watch the security video but the mystery of how my jeans went from the desk chair in our room into another guest room remained a mystery. At the end of the day, all I wanted was my jeans back and am glad we were so aggressive with the staff. Sad that we had to be, since we had missed the first full morning of first day in Beijing. After the general manager arrived, he apologized profusely and promised us to move us to another floor. No, I did not want the same woman cleaning our room going forward. Upon returning from our outing, they moved us into a suite with a larger safe. On day four of our stay, we learned that this room actually had access to the club floor. It would have been nice to know this benefit sooner. The club floor was highly unimpressive, especially since they had four staffers standing in the center to greet you but then continued to converse among each other while you tried to figure out what was available. It made you feel like you were invading their club, versus them being at your service. Highly bizarre. Funny how when another colleague arrived at the floor and went around to help guests, they just continued to socialize. Highly unprofessional.I would NEVER pay full price for this hotel. I had read earlier reviews about this hotel not being that modern. The facilities and rooms are fine. I have issues with the staff and service, which is what typically differentiates the Peninsula vs. its competitors. So sad....In Beijing, I would highly recommend you stay with an American chain, where they understand how to manage guests and not take guests' possessions. Yes, I am still mystified by the disappearance of my jeans.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>VT2369
<Content>Should rename to Pennysula hotel It is supposed to be one of the best hotel in Beijing, but we were very disappointed. We reserved a king size bed, instead we were given 2 double beds when we checked in. It took almost 30 minutes to check us in. No tissue paper, no tooth brush, was supplied in the room, running out of toilet paper was a norm, by the way, the toilet paper was so hard and poor quality, I went out to get my own. Any yet, they still only provide you with 2 half roll each time. Go figure!The staff were polite but the service at the cafe was below average. The breakfast was expensive and the food was always the same. Breakfast was RMB 250+ a person, fresh squeeze orange juice, good egg omelete should be a must for that price. The juice was diluted with water, and the omelete was oily with a tiny spoon of ham and mushrooms, you can't even taste the cheese even though I had order double cheese. After 2 days, we went across street to Novotel and had our breakfast there. It's not only cheaper but more selections. The Novotel breakfast buffet was RMB 149+ per person, I don't mind the juice not freshly squeezed for that price. The chef there made me an omlete exactly to my order, little oil with lots of ham, mushrooms and cheese. We had our lunch in the Chinese Restaurant at the Penisula, I could not believe the tiny portion. Compare to the Grand Hyatt Beijing around the corner, this is an expensive hotel in price only.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>MsCritical
<Content>Far over priced for its old facilities and poor service The Peninsula Beijing is old and tired. The rooms are small and the furniture is old. Bath and shower are in one unit. The bath is dirty and dark and leaks all the time. Tiles are cracked and toilet is marked. Lift lobby鈥檚 carpet is badly stained and smelly. Breakfast spread is poor and the service is bad. Cold tea and coffee is served in cold days and you have to fight to keep your cutleries as they don鈥檛 replace them. Bar waitresses have close-to- zero knowledge on alcohol. The gym is poorly facilitated and staff has no English ability. Best surprise of all, if you are Asian looking, you may get rude treatment from their European manager as well!In Oct 2008,I forgo the chance of staying with our 5-star corporate hotel for The Peninsula Beijing, formerly known as the Palace Hotel for its name and my good memory of it fifteen years ago. I paid the market rate of over USD$330 for 3 nights. On the day of arrival, airport pickup staff held a piece of soft A4 paper with very vague print of hotel logos on, lazily standing far away from the arrival gate. Limo is good provided you can survive the 10 minutes walk with smoke and crazy traffic through the whole car park.. The Reception opened up a wrong room initially and I had to wait for 30 minutest for the correct room booked. Once in, I was shocked to see the five-star hotel with a sound reputation worldwide having very small and old fashioned guest rooms. Different from many other young 5-star hotels with rain shower separated from bath, the Peninsula's traditional handheld shower is built inside the bath which looks dirty and old and difficult to climb in. Shower water leaks and runs all over the bathroom floor even when the screen is shut. There are cracks on the wall and dirty dark marks inside the toilet bowl. Room Service setting up the welcome fruit plate looked angry when there were no tips given.Out of the 3 days stay I had to queue for breakfast 2 mornings! The Jing restaurant has poor spread of food and the staff speaks very little English. Cold tea and coffee were served all the time and my cutleries were always taken away without being replaced. There was no presence of restaurant manager for the 3 meals I had there. Lobby bar girls did not understand what a Bailey on Ice was and told me there was no such drink. When a supervisor finally brought the drink, it came without ice. Gym facilities are also poor and backwards. There are treadmills with 80% channels playing mute, dumb bells and 1 assistant who does not speak English. One more interesting incident - I walked to the staff's area by mistake and got lost. An European hotel manager interrogated me by asking for my identity and room number and escorted me out very rudely!The Peninsula Hotel Beijing is in general old and tired. Although the expatriate management staff is still hired to manage the hotel, the traditional English management presents to be way out of fashion now. Most of all, its charge is far too high for its old facility and poor service.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Manc_Dwarf
<Content>Amazing Breakfast! Location of this hotel was only 5 min walk from the main shopping area and around 15 mins to the Forbidden City, around 20 mins to Tiananmen Square. The hotel overall is excellent but for the price, the room was a bit small with a very small bathroom. Also be careful of the sippery floor in the bathroom - quite dangerous. Price of the hotel may have been higher than usual due to the Paralympics being held in Beijing.Breakfast was the best thing about staying here! It was amazing. A wide variety of western and Asian dishes, cooked in front of you and made to order.Generally a very good western style hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DiningWithDalton
<Content>Very nice but......... Our usual hotel in Beijing was full so our travel agents put us into The Peninsula. As you would expect from such an establishment the staff/service and rooms were impeccable and the whole place exudes an atmosphere of luxury living. The hotel is also very conveniently located for shopping/sightseeing.The downsides though are the so-called Lobby Bar and the Jing restaurant. It's difficult to understand why so many hotels in this city think you would wish to relax with a drink whilst you watch fellow guests check in and luggage trolleys shuttle to and fro. I really don't wish to sit in reception whilst I sip a gin and tonic so surely a dedicated and separate bar would be a good idea. There's plenty of room for one if some alterations were made to the deserted (and very expensive) shopping arcade at lower ground floor level.The hotel's website records a testimonial from Conde Naste Traveller magazine suggesting that the Jing restaurant is one of the world's top 75 new restaurants. The people from Conde Naste really should get out a bit more because if their statement is true then I'm a banana! I had both dinner and breakfast in Jing (the latter because I couldn't believe breakfast could be that bad - it was). Both were bland and (by Beijing standards) expensive with little to no inspiration which is surely the principal idea of a fusion restaurant.Do give the hotel a go but I'd book a restaurant outside.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>UkSand
<Content>loved the Peninsular After taking a long and exciting tour around China, taking in all the usual sites, We returned to Beijing to saty at the Peninsular to celebrate our wedding anniversary. We were not disapointed , our room was lovely ( club room ). The club lounge was excellent from the check in to departure. Infact it was so good we had to tear ourselves away to venture out side. Would recomend this hotel the service was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GKNU
<Content>Loved this Hotel A wonderful week, close to fantastic shopping street, we arrived the day before the Olympic torch arrived. People couldn't have been nicer, Jing was fab for food and meeting other Americans.Our stay included visits to the Forbidden City, the Great Wall, and Summer Place and a lunch at one of the wonderous restaurants where the waiters and waitress dress as the Emperor and Empress did, plus the food was great. Our next stop Xian.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nowvoyager1
<Content>Olympic Gold Stayed for 5 nights in the run-up to the Olympics and before the corporate sponsors took over all the major properties for the Games.Your other reviewers have commented on the age of the hotel car fleet. Well, they are now all brand new BMW 7 Series augmented by a couple of long wheel base Rolls Royce Phantoms all in British Racing Green, making for a pleasant airport transfer.We stayed in one of the Beijing suites on one of the higher floors. Suite was very large, well furnished and equipped. Excellent standard of housekeeping and overall a good place to relax and recover from the oppressive heat and draining humidity. Suites give access to the Club Lounge which was well served with friendly and polite staff.Spa is now run by Espa and was good with strong Chinese traditional massage. Pool is a respectable 18 metres and benefits from daylight. Clean and well tended.The Huang Ting Chinese restaurant was excellent with friendly service and delicious dim sum for lunch and an addictive Peking Duck which was the best we have ever eaten. Enjoyed the Lobby Bar which was buzzy and with a first class jazz trio for late evenings. The lychee martinis were delicious.Yes, it is populated by every luxury brand outlet including Harry Winston, so it is perhaps a bit of a high-end mall but it clearly cements its status as the Grande Dame of the high end hotels in Beijing.Location is the real winner, it is walking distance to Tiananmen and the Forbidden City and doormen were very helpful in providing directions for taxi drivers to less well known sites such as Beijing's interesting mosques.In a city with plenty of competition for your custom, the Peninsula delivers in terms of service, continuous investment and attention to detail. Not all others will last the marathon.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cubswincubswin
<Content>Great Stay Some friends and I stayed at the Peninsula Beijing for 3 nights in May 2008. It was the first stop of a three week trip throughout Asia and the Peninsula Beijing set a pretty high standard for the rest of our accommodations to live up to. Although the bathrooms aren't as luxurious as those found at other Peninsula properties, this hotel had many outstanding amenities.Check -in was quite fast and efficient. The check-in person was incredibly helpful. He was kind enough to exchange some dollars while we dropped off our bags and hailed us a cab so we could hit the nightlife before it got too late.The hotel lobby is nice and the lower levels have quite the shopping selection (all high-end boutiques: Louis Vitton, Cartier, et al). The lobby bar seemed a bit out of place but was nevertheless fun. One night they even had jazz flute!The breakfast was great as was room service.The only negative we noticed was the airport transfer service. The car we were taken in was quite old, worn and out dated.Other than that, the Peninsula Beijing is in a great location and provides wonderful amenities. Not quite as luxurious as the Beverly Hills location or Hong Kong location, but for Beijing, it's at the higher end.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>luphia_eliz
<Content>Amazing, my fav hotel so far! The Peninsula is just amazing, the room is huge and beautiful, the bathroom is beatifully done. The luxury shops at base level/ground level also makes the penisula stand out from other luxury hotels in Beijing. Enjoy live piano/classical music while taking a tea break and also the hotel restaurant Jing is highly recommended! The autosphere is beautiful and the food is the best I've had in a chinese restaurant. The breakfast is also great, with a wide range of western and chinese food. Some people might say the peninsula beijing is not on the same standard as the peninsular in Hong Kong or else where, but at the same time, remember it is also a lot cheaper. Where else can you find a great 5 star hotel for less than 拢150? you can easily spend that on some 3 star hotels in other cities!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccgworldtraveler
<Content>Sub-Standard for a Peninsula Hotel At first glance upon entering the Lobby the evening I checked in, I thought this would be equivalent to both Hong Kong and the Beverly Hills properties in terms of service/quality and overall impression. I was wrong. Service quality is just not up to standard of their other properties. No one seemed willing to go out of their way to help or assist. The thing I love about the other Peninsula properties i have stayed at is that they almost anticipate my needs before I even ask. This was not the case at this property. The standard rooms are also very small. Free bottled water comes once a day in the evening around 8pm - and they are small half bottles so you ould wait all day to have something to drink in your room again. One one day, i had the privacy button turned on in my room and when i came back tomy room, the maid was actually in my room cleaning it! They need better training. I had left some valuables out in the room and was not happy about this. Their wi-fi service was slow and intermittent, althought complimentary. The hotel was virtually empty (as were many other Beijing hotels at this time) and yet the hotel was unwilling to give me an upgrade (for a fee) to the club floor. The hotel airport transfers were sub par as well -- the greeters at the airport were disorganized and made us walk around the parking garage with them to find the car instead of keeping us in a pick up spot to wait for the car to come to us. When it did arrive, it was an OLD model mercedes which compared to other hotels like the Mandarin Oriental or Regent, was very below standard. I would not use their car service again for the amount of money paid (about $100 each way). Doormen were pretty god for getting taxis. Restaurant Jing was a good breakfast buffet but on the expensive side - $40 a person. Overall, i would not recommend this property, especially for those of you who regularly stay at Peninsula Hotels. I will stay at other luxury properties on my subsequent trips to Beijing. There are several newer properties like the Grand Hyatt, and the Grand Millenium, as well as the Regent.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	4	2	1	2	

<Author>Cambridgtravler
<Content>a nice hotel but some drawbacks We spent four nights at the Peninsula Beijing with two rooms for the four of us on a club floor. The rooms were attractive and comfortable, nice bathrooms, nice bath products. There is a nice lounge chair next to the window for sitting, as well as a desk with good access to outlets etc. When you enter the hotel, there is no lobby as such, the lobby consists of a large staircase, a bar/lounge, and Chanel, Hermes etc etc store. It is really a tacky retail environment, I don't care how exclusive those stores are, I expect an actual lobby with a place to sit and wait for people without having to buy a drink. It feels like a mall.There is NO place to sit in the lobby.The club offered excellent breakfast, snacks, hors d'oeurves at dinner hour, and drinks. The staff in the club were friendly, helpful, and really welcoming. Only complaint about club room was that the only comfy upholstered chairs and sofa were in the smoking area, and at one point they acrtually let someone smoke a cigar. The entire floor smelled, as there is no real separation beytween smoking and nonsmoking.. The location is an easy walk to Wangfujing St with the night market, etc.This is a nice plush hotel but given the lack of decent public areas, I think it is not really special. If not for the club floor, I would give it a worse review.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>emiana
<Content>A great place to stay in Beijing My opinion of this hotel will be very different from that of the reviewer below me. We spent four nights in the Peninsula and found it quite excellent. Check-in was smooth, despite the fact that we arrived after midnight and the desk staff at that time tends to be peopled by the less English speaking staff. But it was no problem. Our bags were brought up speedily and no requests or overtures for tips were made at any time during our stay. On check-out we received a late check-out time of 15:00 without any problems.The room (on the 7th floor - not a suite or part of the club floor) was fairly large and well appointed with everything one would need, but it was smaller than at some of the Shangri La properties where we stayed. It was definitely larger than some of the rooms I've stayed in luxury hotels in New York City - so really no issue on the size of the room. There was no perceivable smell of smoke anywhere in the hotel or in our room. We had no problem plugging any of our electronics (and we had quite a few, each with different style plugs) in the universal outlets available throughout the room. I actually found that quite clever.The bed was harder than I expected. It was more along the lines of Chinese preference for super firm matresses, rather than the firm, but soft, Western beds. The Shangri La has much better beds, in my opinion The bathroom was large, not huge. The shower was powerful and hot. No complaints there.The breakfast buffet was varied, fresh and delicious (the pain au chocolat I had every morning was flaky, buttery and could have come straight out of a Paris bakery - I was impressed) and the staff was very courteous and helpful. There is no view at Jing and it is downstairs. The lighting is subdued. It's fine for breakfast. We also had Peking duck at the other restaurant in the hotel, Huang Ting. It was absolutely delicious and were told it is the best Peking duck in Beijing (by a long-time western resident who takes his best clients there). Excellent service and lovely atmosphere in Huang Ting.The outside staff was always ready to hail a cab for us, hand us a hotel card with the taxi's number on it and to tell the driver where to go in Chinese. They did this each time we went out. No tip overtures and no tip given. We also arranged with the concierge for private cars twice - once to go to Summer Palace for the day and once to go to Simatai. It was all very smooth with excellent drivers and cars at a decent price (not what a local would pay, but whatever). We used the spa one evening. It was a beautiful spa and just huge. But, I was not too keen on the massage, unfortunately. I found the therapist got tired after a bit and was not applying enough pressure. My travel partner, instead, said he received the best massage of his life. And price wise, the Peninsula is good value at just over $185 per night, including breakfast, drinks and taxes. Overall, excellent  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>merechat
<Content>AWESOME!! After traveling worldwide, this is the best hotel my husband and I have stayed in. We would not hesitate to recommend it to friends and would stay here again should we return to Beijing. The service is impeccable, the rooms spotless and modern, the bathroom roomy. I can't say enough nice things about it.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>eaglehaslanded
<Content>One star service in a three star room at a five star price Five star hotels face a lot of trouble with their clients because in the service industries customer satisfaction is always tied to expectations. And let鈥檚 face it, it鈥檚 a tough mix to master: courtesy, consideration, and going the extra mile for a customer without being obsequious or intrusive. It鈥檚 a wonder that it happens anywhere. The expectations are that much higher at five star hotels鈥?price points. A customer naturally expects something for what he or she is paying.But a number of hotels I have been to, particularly in Asia, have succeeded in this mix to a degree that stuns. The Peninsula Beijing, unfortunately, is not one of them. It is, by far, the poorest excuse for a five star hotel I have ever stayed in. Let鈥檚 start with a few lesser details. First, the rooms. I was upgraded to the largest non-suite sized room at the club level. Most Americans will probably find the room unbearably small. Other reviewers have complained about the cigarette smoke in the nonsmoking rooms. The Peninsula has yet to remedy that situation. The sheets in my room reeked of smoke, an error that could have been avoided easily by more attentive management. I will admit that the bathroom was a decent size. And there are cool switches for every light you can think of to the side of the bed, as well as a large plasma TV, though these days it鈥檚 pretty rare to find a top property in Japan or China that doesn鈥檛 have one in every room. You will need to ask the hotel for an adapter if you鈥檙e using appliances with American voltage. Asking the hotel for anything, however, will usually involve a tip, even if it鈥檚 something you鈥檇 ordinarily expect a room to have. There鈥檚 a scene in Curb Your Enthusiasm (Episode 40 for fans) where Larry stays at the Regency in New York and has to tip the guy who fixes the faulty air conditioning. That鈥檚 more or less what service is like at the Peninsula.On to the food. Breakfast at the Jing restaurant is simply dreadful. The spread compares unfavorably to a number of four stars I鈥檝e been to, and the quality of the food is simply appalling. The pastries, for example, are uniformly damp, almost stale. There鈥檚 a good omelette station, but I haven鈥檛 been to many hotels that have flubbed an omelette. The restaurant itself lacks a view and is dark, so you kind of feel like you鈥檝e been transported to a high school during a brownout. And then there鈥檚 the service. The staff at Jing looks and acts severely depressed, and can be rude to boot. I witnessed a waitress practically flinging coffee at an American customer because she asked for hot coffee after getting a cold cup. Jing is the worst breakfast experience I have ever had at a hotel.As other reviewers have noted, check-in is uncoordinated. When I arrived, my bags were lying around the reception area completely unattended to. After I finished check-in, I had to locate a bellhop to find my bags.By nearly any measure I can think of, the Peninsula is a disappointment. Ultimately, however, the joylessness of the hotel is its greatest drawback. Its employees鈥?lack of enthusiasm is contagious. And unless it鈥檚 important to you to stay in a hotel that sells overpriced designer goods in its basement (that鈥檚 a draw?), you鈥檒l save` money and have a better experience at just about any other top hotel in the city.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>Kaychan
<Content>The Peninsula revisited--an oasis ! We decide to revisit The Peninsula, Beijing and stayed 2 nights in May 2008 after visiting cities on the Silk Road...Dunhuang, Turpan , Urumqi and Kashgar. My last stay at The Peninsula in March 2007 was somewhat marred by the smell of cigarette smoke even though we stayed on a non-smoking floor but we were pleased that the hotel did something to rectify the situation then. Therefore, we opted to stay again at the hotel.During this recent trip to China, we stayed in some of the better hotels along the route, but they paled in comparison with The Peninsula. When we arrived at the hotel, it was like stepping into an oasis. The grand deluxe room we stayed in was comfortable and luxurious. They provided nice touches, like...freshly ironed linen floor cloth placed beside the bed next to the bedroom slippers so that we could step onto it when we got up from bed ! That said, the non-smoking floor where our room was situated was what it was supposed to be- smoke-free and it was also very quiet.The service at Jing Restaurant was good and the buffet breakfast serving both Western and Chinese food was excellent. The waffles tasted just as good. The location of the hotel is wonderful, and it was just a short walk to the main shopping area and to the food street selling all kinds of barbequed food and snacks . We arrived at the hotel just when the staff were observing a 3 minutes' silence for the victims of the Sichuan earthquake. The reception staff apologised for keeping us waiting but really no apology was required as guests should be understanding. We felt that the service from the staff was good and they acted human, and were not robotic in going about their duties.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>raindograin
<Content>Good, not brilliant. Sub-standard to Peninsula properties in Bankok and Hong Kong. Rooms ok, Peninsula-kind touches present. However staff not too professional: porters shouting at each other over who will is to fetch my luggage for 5 min in the main lobby while customer (me) standing right next to them. Hotel transfer to airport Mercedes or R-R? How about a 10+ years old Audi?!Swimming pool currently closed for renovation. Overall OK but defintely not excellent.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>esblueeyes
<Content>Great stay with a few "reservations"! We stayed at the Penn for three nights and thoroughly enjoyed our stay however there were some pluses and minuses to this hotel that we wanted to share:Pluses:We told them it was our anniversary and they had a free bottle of wine in our room upon our arrival---Nice touch!The Club Floor is worth the extra money and the breakfast is fabulous. Our room was great, top floor and away from the elevators.Wonderful location, close to shopping, restaurants, food and sights!Very helpful and attentive staff, Francos on the club floor is superb!Fabulous piano player in the lobby, enjoyed listening to her.Minuses:We stayed directly under the club floor and could hear people walking around.The shower is not properly sealed and leaks water on to the floor.The Club Floor is a little anal about removing glasses from the floor.ATM machine frequently runs out of money.Would we stay there again? Yes, we would and would recommend the hotel to our friends. So, the pluses heavily outweigh the minuses!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stina1
<Content>Overratted, ageing Hotel After reading all the great reviews we were expecting something magical. Don't be fooled this is a tired, ageing hotel with rooms looking more like a 2 star property than 5 star. Definately not a world class hotel by any stretch of the imagination. Beds were so hard that you might as well of slept on the floor, Bathrooms also in poor condition.BEWARE DON'T BE FOOLED GO ELSEWHERE!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	2	2	1	

<Author>TravelerChic
<Content>Best Concierge in Town       The Peninsula Beijing  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelnuts88
<Content>I would only go back to Beijing if I could stay in Peninsula After having horrible experience in the hotel booked through our travel package, I booked Peninsula directly. Definitely a great move as all staff spoke English, the room was excellent for the price (we got upgraded after the staff heard our horror story), the staff were very professional, friendly and ready to help. The food was expensive but worth it. Worth the trip and the money. The boutiques in the hotel is definitely a major plus. Didn't have to go far for shopping.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>PLjeman
<Content>Could I live here?! Because I really didn't want to leave!! We stayed in the Peninsula Hotel Beijing for nearly a week last July after finding out about the hotel on this website and booking it on their webpage!The minute we walked into the magnific lobby we loved it! The shops! The music! The space! When were shown up to our rooms, well, we were very impressed ! There was a jacuzzi bath and 2 TVs (one in the bathroom!)! The pool was so beautiful! We went swimming every morning, we could sit by the pool, drink the water and eat the fresh apples that were served! It was so relaxing - very tranqil!The restaurants were delicious also! There was 2 restaurants - I loved the Jing restaurant (and when ever I ate in the hotel I ate here or in the lobby!) I LOVED the HUGE buffet brekfast - waffles, a fri, cereal, fruit, fresh juices, warm cakes.... what ever you want! We also ate dinner here - you can eat as much as you want for roughly EUR30 per person and even though it might be slightly expensive - it is absolute quality cusine!!! The staff are unbelievably helpful and nice and the service is fab!It is situated beautifully within walking distanse of some of the main tourists attracions of Beijing ie. Tianamen Square! Beijings main shopping centre is also right around the coner - where some lovely shops are! If you are planning on going to the Great Wall you can arrange the trip via the hotel! Also the hotel are known for there fantastic concierge service and you can book restaurants and shows (ie. the brilliant acrobatic show!) There is possibly a million more things I could say about this hotel but the point is it makes for a brilliant holiday, or stay in Beijing and to be honest I really hope I will make it back here for another holiday soon!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Huddersfield
<Content>5 well earned stars! I stayed at this hotel for 3 days.Firstly found booking using the package which is cheaper than just booking the room often! - met at the airport, very efficient, driven in a very good car directly to the hotel, swiftly booked in, given great advice and reasonably priced tours (chose my own, sort of pick  mix, it included lunch, charges and a guide as well as an excellent driver and car.Hotel rooms were excellent, best sleep I've ever had!!Jing for fusion food, try the buffet, it was excellent and a snitch at the price.Great breakfast in Jing too, better than the one in the Chinese restaurant.Taken back to the airport in style.Superb.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>heeto
<Content>Absolutely loved it!! Our entire experience surpassed our expectations during our 4 night stay.In my opinion the best location in the city.Can walk or take the subway everywhere esp now that new subway lines are opening up in time for the Olympics.We booked on their website an Executive suite which included airport transfers and club-lounge access for less than $300 usd a night.Check-in was quick and easy and we were also upgraded to a Duplex suite!! This would have cost us over $700 a night during peak tourist season.Not sure I would want to be in Beijing during the hot summer months.The pollution,mass group tourism and smog would be too much.Club lounge had good selection of food for breakfast and during happy hour.Great self-serve selection of alcoholic drinks and soft drinks.The staff were very nice and spoke to us about our daily experiences in their city.It seemed sincere every time they asked.The Forbidden City and T-Square are within walking distance as are the many Hutongs,High-end shopping malls and subway stops.This is a safe city so you can walk everywhere without worrying about ending up in a bad area and robbed.We also tried a lot of different food including food stalls and not once were we sick.The two restaurants at the hotels have great food esp the Chinese one on lower floor.Would stay here again without a doubt.The Regent up the street looked promising as well.Before of young Chinese trying to speak English with you.Most want something-like taking you to a tea ceremony and stick you with the bill,buy cheap art,lady sex etc.Minor nuisance but if you know ahead of time what to expect then its not a problem.Usually outside the major hotels or tourist sights.Taxi's are horrible.They dont stop for pedestrians and dont speak English so be prepared and know where you are going.Overall loved the hotel and loved Beijing.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gmoney2008
<Content>Great Stay at the Peninsula I chose this hotel from all the great reviews out there plus a lower winter rate. My stay was split into 2 visits, with 1 day in between. The first 2 nights I booked the Executive Suite. The only major complaint I have for this hotel is the size of the room. Otherwise all else was perfect. The service there was just about the best I've experienced. The meet at the door and in-room check-in was very classy. The staff were very welcoming. In the room I found all the amenities to be above par. The 2 two plasma TV's cleanly mounted to the wall with many english speaking channels, mood lighting in every part of the room including the bathroom, bathroom TV and control panel, master bedside control panel... all GREAT. Again, just on the small side. The other minor complaints I have are the old construction of the hotel which gives it smaller windows (the newer hotels seem to have big floor to ceiling windows) and an interior design that does not blow you away.On my 2nd stay I was put right into their Beijing Suite. Now this is just about the finest hotel room I have stayed in. There was a nice foyer an office space with luxurious desk, dining table for 4, living room with surround sound system and plasma TV, single bathroom and larger master bathroom and all the same technology. The glass enclosed chinese artifacts are a nice touch. This was one satisfied hotel snob.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CubbieBear
<Content>Outstanding Experience Overall, this was a fabulous hotel. I visited on vacation but this hotel would also work well for business travel. I look forward to returning here. The room was beautiful with contemporary Asian decor and the bathroom was spa-like. The pictures on the Peninsula website are very accurate, up to date depictions of the hotel.I recommend including the breakfast buffet in your package. It was delicious. The concierge desk was very helpful and provided excellent recommendations.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RallyMonkey
<Content>Another Satisfied Customer I stayed at the Peninsular with my wife and teenage son, taking advantage of a special offer on the web site to get a Beijing Suite on the club floor at a very good rate of 2500 RNB / day.We spend most of our holidays at top end hotels, preferring Four Seasons where possible. No Four Seasons in Beijing - so we tried The Peninsular and were not disappointed. The basics - staff - decor - beds were all very good or excellentThe location is good for tourists, it is within walking distance of Wangfujing street (shops) and and 15 min walk to Tianamen Square or the Forbidden Palace. The location may not be stated as ideal for the financial district, but in truth it is only a 10 minute taxi ride away but not something that should deter anyone from staying here. The club floor is a true club floor, quiet, well serviced, good quality snacks, free drinks during happy hour and plenty of staff to give you that extra bit of support. The staff go out of their way to make personal contact. Worth paying extra for.There are two restaurants on site, a standard Chinese, and a Fusion restaurant. The fusion food is interesting, the Chinese, not of a greater standard than that found in any western city. Perhaps there should be a greater variety of eating places in a hotel of this standard.The Concierge service was a little disappointing. They could not recommend any Italian restaurants outside the hotel (try the Regent across the road or the Hyatt), did not know why we could not get access to the People's Congress (Plenary Session due next week), and the Great Wall Trip was only average. Maybe you should look to find your own guide before you arrive. The club floor staff were more knowledgeable and helpful (for instance telling me the best place to see the construction on the Olympic stadium). This is a very good hotel. Consider it strongly for business or pleasure, but bear in mind the limitations of the concierge service and try some restaurants outside the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bindicated
<Content>Well Located and Great Staff! The Peninsula is well located near the Forbidden City and the Wangfujing shopping district. It is quite safe to walk around the neighborhood, which we did several times. For times when you need to take a taxi, the Peninsula staff have it down to a science. The doormen speak English and tell the taxi driver where you are going. They hand you a small card with several common tourist destinations printed on it in both Chinese and English, and also has a note on the other side to the taxi driver who will drive you back again. It says something like Driver--please take me to the Peninsula Hotel. The doorman will also note down on your card the taxi's identification number, in case you run into problems or lose something in the car.Check-in at the Peninsula is a very smooth process. One of the desk clerks comes upstairs to your room with you and does the check-in from there. It's very nice, especially if you are just coming from the airport from a long international flight, which we were.Our room was very comfortable, with a king size bed and a small sitting area with sofa and tv. The bathroom was well appointed and the walk-in closet was large.Breakfast in the hotel is delicious with a good selection of Chinese, Japanese, and Western food choices. The only problem is that sometimes the main serving area gets too full, so they direct you downstairs to one of the other restaurants. The food is the same in both locations, but sitting downstairs you feel much less ambience. On the other hand, it's nice not to have to wait to eat. The moral of the story: get up before the main breakfast area fills up.We had afternoon tea one day in the hotel and it was also excellent, although not particularly Chinese. If you are looking for a more authentic Chinese experience, you can skip the tea. We were just in the mood to sit and rest, so we had the tea and enjoyed it, but it is a totally western experience.The pool at the Peninsula is fairly nice, although not luxurious. It is heated and indoors (but with doors that open onto an outdoor terrace), so you can use it even in cool weather. The locker room staff was very attentive and quick to bring towels, ponytail holders, and anything else you need.The main drawback that I saw to the whole Peninsula experience was that it has what is basically a small shopping mall full of luxury brand stores in its lobby and basement levels. It features very high end shopping like Harry Winston diamonds. On one hand, it's cool to see all of those places. On the other hand, it is a little bit of a distraction to go down to the restaurants and pass through a mall.Overall, I enjoyed staying at the Peninsula very much, highly recommend it, and think that the location cannot be beat.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IngridG
<Content>Highly Recommended!       Beijing Suite - part of Executive level rooms  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>loved it very nice room(modern decor ,lcd , good size ,bed)and restaurantsLOVED breakfast buffetperfect location 15 minutes walk to everything:wangfujin,square and forbiden citydont miss peking duckalways good to stay at a peninsula hotel still saving to try it in hong kong  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ribbityup
<Content>Great stay, fantastic breakfast spread Our group stayed at this hotel. I have traveled throughout China and I have not stayed at another 5-star hotel that compares. The rooms were fantastic, clean and convenient. The staff were extremely helpful and polite (not always the case if you are a Chinese traveling in China). And the breakfast spread is an experience in and of itself!! There was the continental pastries corner, the Chinese breakfast corner with rice porridge and all the condiments you could ever imagine, a made-to-order eggs and meat section, AND a European deli-style corner! I stayed there 5 nights and looked forward to breakfast every morning.The fitness center is also very nice although not 24 hours. They have staff that help you operate the machines, cold water, and fresh air.Great hotel, great price, great location. You can't ask for more.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>GlobalTravellerSSV
<Content>Enjoyable Stay - Nice Hotel, Great Location We only spent a short period of time at the Peninsula Beijing however we thoroughly enjoyed it. We stayed in a duplex suite as the rooms are located on the top floor with city views. We had noticed that the other rooms were quite small in size, and we also noticed from pictures posted on Trip advisor that some of the rooms were directly facing another building - we definately wanted to avoid getting this type of view!The suite was really nice though still quite small compared to other hotel suites. When we checked in, the staff at the main reception were not very friendly however thankfully they were not the people to check us in - they took us to the Club Lounge floor check in. The staff here were slightly more friendlier and professional - they offered us a drink and quickly checked us in. We were escorted to our room which just had beautiful fresh roses placed in the lounge and also upstairs in our bedroom. We were also given a large fruit platter(lots of Chinese fruit that we had not tasted before, it was great to experience their local produce) . Our escort was really nice and showed us around the room - our ceiling to wall window offered great views of the city(our escort stated ' the best views in the city'). The bathroom was quite small though beautifully presented - all marble and has a television over the bath. Both floors were nicely furnished and very modern - more importantly, comfortable.The Club Lounge benefits are very good- they offer buffet breakfast, afternoon tea and pre dinner drinks/snacks. We actually had the breakfast at Jing instead of the Club Lounge(they give the option of taking breakfast at either Jing or the Lounge - l would definately recommend Jing- so much better! ) Great breakfast, everything you could want for breakfast is available, it's fresh and it's all delicious. For afternoon tea, they offer coffees/teas and biscuits, fine chocolates, sandwiches, scones etc - good variety. The evening drinks are also pretty good - they offer warm snacks and a variety of wines and spirits. If you are staying at this hotel, l would recommed taking advantage the Club Lounge - it's worth the extra cost. The only fault with the Club Lounge is the staff - they are not very friendly or attentive and they look very bored and disinterested - actually, all the Peninsula staff do not offer the kind of service you'd expect from a five star hotel...The best thing about this hotel is it's location, it's close to the main tourist attractions and around the corner from the main shopping street  a night street market. Also another great thing about hotel is Jing restaurant - the breakfast is great however the dinner is absolutely scrumptious-definately the best food l have ever tasted! The peking duck is amazing, not to be missed! Overall, l would stay at this hotel again - great location, fantastic food, nice hotel however staff service could be better.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>pog27
<Content>Wow!       View from Room of Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>membertrip
<Content>Disappointing       bath duplex suite  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Papaleadfoot
<Content>Perfect A perfect place to stay. We were there in Oct.  Dec '07. Immaculate housekeeping. Good size rooms. Club floor privileges a plus, in addition to breakfast, includes free use of hotel Internet and upscale food/beverage at happy hour. Sharp concierge desk. Great down town location.NOTE: Ask hotel for in Chinese written directions to hotel to be given taxi driver, if necessary. Many taxi drivers are familiar w/the old name of the hotel which included the word Palace. They may not recognize the name/location of the current name on the hotel card even though it is written in Chinese.Do not miss going to the Weekend Market on a Saturday. Great deals on collectibles/antiques.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gillio
<Content>Disapponted I am a great fan of the Peninsula in Bangkok so thought Beijing would be as great...booked and stayed for two nights in the Beijing Suite (enormous) at a competiive winter rate...but totally lacked the sparkle I had anticipated. There was the expected welcome note from the manager and the bowl of fresh fruit...but my view out of my suite was overlooking another building, the decor looked a little old school and oh the hard bed! I thought The Jing restaurant was okay as I was craving a good steak after 10days in China...but would not recommend it for people wanting to eat out in Beijing.The Club lounge access was disappointing as there is no chef or kitchen on the club level and therefore food tasted precooked and boring.Must admit it was great to order a DVD (from a limited library) , get fluffed up in my bathrobe and watch TV from my bath.......but moved the next day across the road to The Regent Hotel for a much better deal!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RhosdduRed
<Content>Great hotel, great location We stayed at the Peninsula for 3 nights at the end of October and were very impressed with all aspects of our stay. We were picked up direct from the airport by the hotel and our check in at the hotel was done in our room which was pretty efficient.As per previous reviews, the rooms are not that big but there's certainly enough room for a comfortable stay. The bathroom was excellent and offered a choice of a bath or walk in shower. There was a large screen TV and free dvds if you got bored (which we didn't) We had a nice view of the front of the hotel and it was entertaining watching all the cars and people going past.The room and hotel were extremely clean and we couldn't fault the maid service.A large number of the staff spoke English and we received a lot of advice from the concierge about where to go especially at night.We would definately stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>parker62
<Content>Harold USA South Carolina 2nd Time Around This is my second time around staying at the Peninsula Hotel in Beijing. The second time was better than the first which I though was impossible. I arrived on my Birthday October the 25th 2007. They knew that it was my Birthday and sent a wonderful Birthday cake to my room. They upgraded me to a Deluxe King Suite when I presented my Platinum American Express. The Entire Staff at the hotel are wonderful. I could go on for every concerning this Fine Hotel, but I want. You just need to experience it to believe it. Enough Said: Just Do It  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petertmal
<Content>Great hotel, great location...       Hotel Exterior  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WmRobb
<Content>Stay elsewhere I would not recommend this hotel for myriad reasons. The carpet was stained, rendering the floor an unappetizing option despite the uncomfortable bed. The concierge service was uninformed about anything beyond 300 metres of the hotel. The amenities within the hotel were subpar, and this should be rated a 2 star property on its absolute best day. Very disappointing  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	5	3	2	

<Author>dam&gwb
<Content>Gold Medal Winner! The Peninsula in Beijing is strictly first class. The rooms aren't spacious, but they are well laid out and beautifully furnished. High-speed internet connection is free and easy to use. The linens and towels are luxurious and bountiful. The bathroom could use a little more counter space, but the glass-enclosed tub provided a great shower.Room service both morning and night was prompt and impeccable. The front desk staff was welcoming, efficient and helpful and spoke excellent English. In fact, the entire staff spoke English more than adequate for their functions.The hotel is just a 10-15 minute walk from Tiananmen Square and the entrance to the Forbidden City with convenient shopping nearby.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChelsiVienna_VA_USA
<Content>Peninsula Hotel Beijing Outstanding! We stayed at The Peninsula Beijing for a week this past October 2007. Our stay there was wonderful. From the moment our taxi pulled up in front of the hotel the staff made us feel welcome. Our bags were immediately taken by the bellhop. We were then escorted to the Member's Floor and given drinks and food while we were seated and checked in. This was a very welcome treat after spending 14 hours in an airplane! We were then escorted to our lovely room. The room was spotless and had everything we could want, including an Internet connection. As guests on the Member's Floor we enjoyed a super breakfast buffet which included a variety of foods for different ethnic guests. Also, in the afternoons they provided a lovely tea which featured a nice variety of food and drinks for the guests.The staff at the hotel were always friendly, prompt, and eager to help us in any way needed. They arranged a tour for us which included a very bright English speaking tour guide. We were not taken to any places that pressured us into buying things. On another occassion, the hotel arranged for us to have a car for the day at a very reasonable rate. Our room was always cleaned promptly in the morning and in the evening. The hotel common areas were always clean. We never saw anything out of place or messy. The hotel is located in a good location which allowed us to have convenient access to the tourist sights, stores, etc. The two hotel restaurants were both excellent with very friendy staff. Overall, we were extemely happy with our stay at the Peninsula Beijing. We would not hesitate to stay there again or to advise others to do so. V.A. White[--]  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>realproperty
<Content>an excellent hotel We stayed 3 nights after a Princess Cruise and were very pleased with the Peninsula. We had a Grand Deluxe room which was spacious and beautifully appointed and our rate included breakfast in the Jing dining room. Service was first rate. The location is ideal and an easy walk to the Wangfujing street mall, Oriental Mall and a doable walk to the Forbidden City. A $2 cab to the Silk market. (Street blocks are very long in Beijing and taxis are dirt cheap.) Lots of restaurants nearby and the hotel dining room was excellent and not unreasonable but avoid the inviting dinner buffet and order a la carte. The food looks great on the buffet but sits too long and was not hot. The breakfast buffet is plentiful. I would return without question but you should appreciate that there are a number of 5 star hotels in the area like the Oriental, Raffles, Grand Hyatt, Regent, etc and you might want to compare. You would never go wrong however with the Peninsula, one of the best hotels in the world.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>je2005
<Content>Staff could be better Booked this hotel via travel agent for three nights for a club deluxe room. Since booking I have watched this hotel slowly slip down the ratings on Trip Advisor  now I can see why. The first thing that got my back up was the pompus reception who told me that I was on club rate but did not mean I got a club room, when I presented my Asia Miles card he said he couldn't give the points as the room was booked through a travel agent. We did get a larger 'L' shaped room on the normal floors which was comfortable  spacious. Second thing to annoy me was when we went to the Club lounge for breakfast on our first morning my wife was accosted by the manager to say we shouldn't have been in there. I guess they do not train their staff to understand the booking database on the computer. Needless to say the breakfast was poor  although there was a chef walking around we couldn't have eggs how we wanted them. Our next two mornings we had breakfast in the standard restaurant but when we came out people were waiting to be seated with tables standing empty.Watch out Peninsular the world is coming in 2008  you need to improve on your hotel very soon.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Something-Different!
<Content>Would definately go back The Peninsula is a brilliant hotel. It's positioned very close to the main shoppng area and very close to the Forbidden City and Tianamen Square. The lobby is huge, decorated with black marble and has it's own shopping arcade with Tiffanys, Cartier and other top brand names. Check-in was a pleasure with very pleasant staff who all spoke exceptional English. The rooms are large with 42 inch flat screen tv's, coffee making facilities, hairdryer, iron and ironing board. The mini-bar is very well stocked and for a 5 star hotel exceptionally cheap! The breakfast buffet was one of the best I have ever experienced. It is situated in the Jing restaurant that is below ground but had something to suit anyone. From eggs and bacon to miso soup; danish, a massive choice of fruit, they will make pancakes or waffles for you, omlettes, in fact just about anything you want - even baked beans! We used the hotel for a day trip to the Badaling Great Wall and found their own tour guides to be very good. Our guide was called Lily in english and tailored our day around what we wanted to do - most of the tours you book will take you to a jade market or something like that, but as our tour was tailored it was made to suit us. It cost about 1900 yuen per person for the day and that included all entrance fees, a fantastic chinese lunch and a visit to the ming tombs. It left when we wanted to from the hotel and dropped us back when we were ready.I would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sinberg
<Content>Beautiful rooms, noisy tour groups and public areas We have just returned from Beijing having spent two night at the Peninsula in two interconnecting Grand Deluxe Club rooms. The rooms were attractive, spotless, and very comfortable if a teensy bit on the small side. The rooms really felt luxurious. Unfortunately, once we left our room the serenity was shattered. We found that the hotel was filled to the brim with tour groups. The lobby is super noisy and packed with very large tour groups waiting for buses, and checking in and out. The elevators were stuffed full as was the club lounge, and the hallways were quite busy with guests day and night. We found the highly touted academy tours that are supposedly exclusive to the hotel to be over-priced, standard, run-of-the-mill tours and were quite dissapointed in this regard. Huang Ting was one of the high points of our stay and truly outstanding (absolutely don't miss this restaurant!) while we thought that Jing was good but not a must. We found the staff on the Club level to be helpful and attentive. Overall, I have mixed feelings about our stay at the Peninsula. It may be that my expectations were too high or that we chose a bad time for our stay as it coincided with the stay of so many tour groups. There isn't anything wrong with tour groups it's simply that the design of the public areas of the hotel, from the lobby to elevators and hallways, doesn't seem to accomodate these groups well creating an atmosphere where the groups feel obtrusive. So obtrusive in fact that it compromised our feelings about our stay.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Zahadum
<Content>Perhaps 5 stars for Beijing The location of the hotel is good, 30 mins walk to theForbidden City and 10 mins walk to the Metro station.The room is good, with large plasma TV, centralisedcontrol panel for light, TV/Video etc. The daily turndownservice brings us bottled water. The room providesin-room fax machine, robes, slippers and umbrella(!)but not iron.I got English newspaper delivered to our door twicein 4 days stay. The breakfast was very good and providedfor both Chinese/Western clients. I don't find the conceigeparticularly helpful. The swimming pool is OK but hadbad view of an older building next door. Didn't even providea jacuzzi near the swimming pool. There is no movie ondemand but the hotel provided a DVD library so just neededto contact the house-keeping and they would deliver theDVD to your room. Perhaps I didn't stay in the Club room.I found the bathroom granite titles looked a bit used.Perhaps it is 5 stars in Beijing standard but compared toNorth America, I don't think it is 5 stars.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Lucyboom
<Content>Really Disappointed - Can't believe it's the same hotel We spent nine nights in this place and I really can't imagine where the other people who wrote the positive reviews stayed...The room was tiny and I mean tiny. The room service trolley / table couldn't get past the bed and sideboard. The massage therapist couldn't find a place to put her massage table except directly between the bed and the sideboard. We were put on floor 4, maybe saved especially for westerners? (Four sounds like 'death' in Chinese so it does make me wonder).The view was of a horrible looking restaurant, and an office building which contained people who seemed to work 24 hours a day, we had zero privacy if we opened our curtains.The best thing about this room was the shower which was very powerful, but Beijing water feels greasy, so maybe not that great.Everything about this place is expensive and I live in London so I know expensive. The prices are what you would expect to pay in a fairly good London hotel and the food is nothing to write home about.I would of thought, given what we paid for this room and the length of time we were staying there we would have been given something better.I thought our experience in this hotel was a good reflection of Beijing as a whole. Unpleasant. My experience of this place was that I was seen as a big, round-eyed money box, they showed little regard for anything and the pollution was absolutely vile. I would never go back and I don't know how they will ever be ready for the Olympics.Verdict - Don't bother!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelWarriors
<Content>Tour Groups Overwhelm the upscale look and feel Pros: Location is very good for walking to Forbidden City, Tianaman Square, long pedestrian shopping street, large indoor malls, high end designer shops, night market, a few good places to eat, quick taxi ride to other sites depending on traffic and time of day, very good service from housekeeping staff, spa/fitness center staff, bell staff and car service to from airport; a nice feature for the room was the large flat panel tv, high tech room features that you could change/use at bedside; great designer shops within the hotel; room service was prompt and professional, seperate tub and shower, tv in bathroom, very nice fitness center, pool and spa; bed was comfortableNegatives: Air Conditioning was never at a comfortable temperature even after maintenance worked on it, tour buses with large groups coming and going as well as checking in and out; service at the breakfast buffet, concierge service was variable depending on which one worked with you; room and bathroom was an average size for a nice hotel; check in was quick but very impersonal and highly mechanical and felt like the person checking us in was on some kind of time quotaOverall: I had heard and read so many positive things about this hotel that I was anticipating much more than what we experienced. Although the service was good it was not excellent and seemed very rushed, impersonal and mechanical. The hotel seems to get alot of tour groups so there are always huge tour buses coming and going and big groups checking in or out; and the breakfast buffet that we had heard so much about was very expansive for selections either asian or western but service was esentially nonexistant. We left this hotel dissapointed and felt it was way overrated and seems to have become biased toward large tour groups which leave the individual traveler lost in the mass of tourists.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>KCL81
<Content>AMAZING hotel I can not imagine that anyone could have anything to complain about here! It was as close to perfection as I have experienced. Our room was lovely, average size, nice bathroom, plasma TV. The view was unremarkable but that was fine. At night the turn down service arranged your slippers on a towel by the bed, dimmed lights, turned on soft classical music and left a mint on the pillow!!! The buffet breakfast was just unbelievable, everything you could want American style as well as many delicious Chinese dishes - I could have noodles for breakfast every day! The Chinese restaurant was quite good as well.The service was top notch. Our needs were antcipated and exceeded regularly.The location was great, just off the main pedestrian street which is so busy you wouldn't want to stay on it.There are lots of fancy shmancy stores in the hotel - Hermes, Chanel etc - fun to window shop unless you have a lot of cash to spare.Business center was very clean, convenient and easily accessible.Our stay there was nothing less than perfect, I can't recommend it enough!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anilegna
<Content>comfortable stay not my first stay here but a relatively pain free experience in a sometimes otherwise hectic city.the welcome back fruit basket actually had some delicious fruits ( vs. cheap fruits i.e. a la starbucks fruit salad style), free internet access is a blessing (not the case with all Beijing hotels), housekeeping was efficient (quick turnaround for requests like toothbrush-- but why don't they just supply it to start out with?) despite facing tthe main street noise was not an issue, the bathtub looked inviting as usual, the arcade convenient, the location also makes life easier.the only annoyance was both of my roomkeys did not work (immediately after check in) and when I went back to the front desk there was only 1 person behind the desk helping someone else that seemed to have been there for a long timestill one of my favs in Beijing  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>howl
<Content>A genuinely outstanding hotel       Door panel in the bedroom  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FDXmiguel
<Content>Loved the Peninsula Quite suprised by negative reviews. Went to beijing, shanghai and HK and could not find a service like this. The concierge is helpful, all staff is unobstrusive and will adress your every need. Also stayed at the royal meridien shanghai and langham place in hong kong and I thought the overall experience was better at the Pen (upon leaving to china I thought it would be exactly the opposite). The rooms will be serviced many times a day in a very discrete way, they always seem to have a floor manager responsible for managing the staff. The breakfast was also among the best I have found in china and better than the langham (although still not comparable to some hotels in malaysia for instance). Stayed at a deluxe room and thought the room was small but had everything we needed and it all worked fine / good hotel maintenance (mp3/mp4 player, plasma, tv in bathroom, valet parking button, outside temperature indicator, dvd player and free movies to watch). The hotel has 3 floors of overpriced high-end brands like L. Vutton, Chanel, DG, Hermes and so on but products often cost 3 or 4 times more than in my hometown. Good to look at the nice store displays though...  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunTrustNYC
<Content>Great room, good location Also, really surprised about negative comments. The Peninsula Beijing is great and is located in a good area. Room was very nice with a lot of electronic gadgets...Restaurants are expensive for Beijing but the service was good.It is true that their Lobby looks like a LUXURY mall; but I went to Beijing to visit the city, not their lobby (apparently this shopping mall is a good address for the local people...)  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nikken
<Content>Business hotel of international standard Overall feel:This is trying hard to be as western as possible. The interior of lobby and rooms could be taken out of any good business hotel in the western world, but this corporate style may feel dull and lifeless depending on your preferences. Service:However, when you deal with the staff if is very clear that we are in the middle of Beijing. Any request verging outside the reheased phrases will throw them. This is china afterall. Waiters are nervous and shaking when serving, any questions or requests are met with terrified looks. This is not the fault of the staff or hotel, it is cultural - this type of hotels feel natural in frankfurt but awkward in Beijing. Lobby/bar/restaurants:The hotel in a high end shopping mall with all the global brands such as prada, gucci, tiffany's, etc. I guess the hotel feels this add to the glam factor as these shops are literally in the lobby and directly by the two restaurants. I find this gave me a feel of being in a shopping mall. The bar is totally boring and sits on the lobby floor. no views (not that you get much views in Beijing anyways given the pollution), and no character or soul.Had a dinner at Jing. This is also where they serve breakfast. It is totally boring and even more souless. Menu is very uninspired, but my steak was fine. Breafast is very standard business hotel stuff, and whats on offer is a good display of how difficult it must be to get good produce in China.Tours:Did a private tour of Ming tombs and the wall arranged by hotel. this included a car with driver accompanied by a guide. This was satisfactory and nice helpful guide. DO:book airport transfer through the hotel, it is safer, cleaner, quicker etcConclusion: Certainly not a destination hotel, it is fine if you need a bed for the night but otherwise a dull dull place.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>sherris
<Content>Had a great time When we checked in they immediately upgraded us to a larger room. I have learned from traveling throughout China is that as soon as you check into any hotel, the first thing you do is ask for an upgraded room. The room was clean and spacious. The hotel is in a central location. The buffet breakfast was excellent. We faced the same prblem at all the five star hotels we sttayed at and that is that the english the staff speaks and understands is limited. When we had computer problems they immediately sent up a representative late at night to assist us. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. We wanted to buy souvenirs not from the typical tourist trap stores and no one at the hotel would tell us where we could shop. The stores located at the lobby of the hotel are expensive and no bargains we to be had.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>jopp1
<Content>great hotel I am surprised by the negative reviews of this hotel. I thought it was fantastic. The room was clean and modern with a flat screen TV and electric controls throughout. The hotel lobby is full of high end stores and the staff was eager to please. The breakfast buffet was amazing. Who would expect lox and bagels in China! Beijing is a filthy, crowded city. This hotel is an oasis. They have CNN and BBC on the TV (which is denied to the citizens of China) plus real internet access (which they also don't get) and the Herald Tribune is available (which they also aren't allowed to read). Don't eat at the outdoor food vendor carts on the next block unless you like to eat shishkabob snake or goat penis. This is real chinese fare.We booked a tour through Pacific Delight which was excellent, punctual, courteous and reasonably priced. The department store a few blocks down had some good shopping, including a sculptor onsite who made busts of my wife and I while we waited for very little money.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Art918
<Content>Excellent hotel Stayed at this hotel in May 2007. Outstanding service, excellent hotel, close to major tourist attractions. Used their service whereby they pick you up at the airport  then take you back--kind of costly but they earn it, devoting several people to assisting your arrival, checking you in in your room, and on departure staying with you until your luggage is checked with your airline. Almost every designer clothes shop known to man is located in this hotel as well, so there is good shopping. Had breakfast buffet there every morning--lavish, good food.I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flyingpheonix
<Content>Does not live up to the hype We wanted to love the Peninsula Beijing but we didn't. The hotel is Western style in a good location with many high end luxury boutiques. The room was on the small side and the bathroom was very cramped. The bathtub was quite old and dirty. Aside from this, housekeeping and the laundry service were very good. A complimentary bottle of wine was in our room when we arrived. The in-room electronics were quite good.We dined at Jing (a la carte, not buffet) and through room-service. The food was average to slightly above average.The business centre is very nice but charges guests to use the internet.The pool was busy and appeared dirty. We would not swim in the pool. The gym was very nice and clean.The concierge service appeared to be very good and very efficient. They were very responsive to our emails prior to our arrival and helpful in booking tours, theatre tickets and meals. However, a tour we booked through them was a nightmare.We paid a great deal of money for a full day tour of the historical sites of China. We had been warned of the horrors of shopping trips but wrongly assumed that since the tour was booked through the Peninsula Academy program, we would be fine. The tour guide was obviously on commission from certain stores because he wasted over 2 hours of our trip trying to get us to buy things. He was very pushy and kept trying to end the tour and return to stores we previously visited. Of course, we had wasted so much time with this shopping nonsense (which is mentioned nowhere in the brochure provided by the Peninsula) that our tour of certain sites was very short. When I complained to front desk manager, she did not appear to care and did not adjust our bill. We complained to the Peninsula head office who seemed concerned and are investigating the complaint. I should point out that was also took a Hutong Tour arranged by the hotel and it was very good.We were also disappointed when the valet put us in a cab with out a metre (a big scam in China). When we tried to point it out, he didn't do anything and the cab took off. We got overcharged by about $20.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anna78
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at the Peninsula in Sept for a weekend. The rooms we nice and clean - nothing spectacular. The restuarants at the hotel are good as well. Generally a nice western style hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	3	3	4	

<Author>PFerrall
<Content>Average Hotel - extremely poor service! The airport pickup is great, the check in is great, the rooms are average for a 5 star hotel but the service in the (only) bland lobby bar is extremely poor. We thought this was bad until we foolishly decided to have dinner in their buffet resturant (it was my 83 year old mothers choice!). We were totally ignored by staff and were on our second food visit when the wine I asked for after we arrived was delivered. I should point out that no-one asked us about drinks I had to seek the person out, just to place the order. We could see him laughing with his work colleagues while we waited. This is a common trait in the hotel. We had after dinner drinks and asked for the bill (the staff still stood around talking) and my family had been gone for a full 10 minutes when I gave up and left only to be chased by a staff member wanting us to sign. Expecting she had the bill I was happy to do so but she said it wasn't prepared - much like the hotel. If they think this will be a flagship hotel for the Beijing Olympics and the Games reflect this, it will be a total shambles of a Games! The Peninsula Group should be ashamed.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	5	1	2	

<Author>kbarch
<Content>Nice Facility, Indifferent Service We stayed three nights at the Peninsula in late June 2007. Our room was on the Club Level. There were three of us so they gave us an extra large room with an alcove for a desk that was very useful for my son who was staying with us while doing 24 hour business with communication between the US and China. The guest rooms and public spaces of the Club Level were very, very nicely decorated. Pleasing high-end contemporary decor. The location of the hotel was good...nothing in Beijing is really central but from the Peninsula, you could take a longish walk to the Forbidden CIty. The hotel is arranged around a three level mall that is a luxury shopper's dream with every international high-end store that you think of (Chanel, Tiffany, Prada, Frette, a new Harry Winston)...good for browsing if you like that sort of thing. Prices are same as NY or London. We had one room service meal. It came quickly and it was good. My only quibble was that the staff at the Club Lounge seemed rather indifferent. We had just spent a week at the Portman Ritz in Shanghai where the service at the Club Lounge was extraordinary, so perhaps we were spoiled. Restaurant and theatre reservations had to be made through the main concierge desk where there was always a wait. The Club Lounge staff had spotty English language skills. You always had to ask for drink and coffee refills...it seemed like they were told to ration. An empty white wine bottle on the open bar sat unreplaced for an hour from 6 to 7PM. The most egregious shortcoming of the hotel however, and the reason I can't give it five stars was that the Club Lounge shut up tight at 10 or 11 (can't remember which) and they turned off all internet access at that time. To make matters worse, the general hotel business center shut at midnight. We had one laptop with us but it was often tied up with one of our party's long Skype business calls. So access to a second computer was essential. Someone at the Peninsula should realize that when it is midnight in Beijing, it is noon in New York and 9AM in California where most of the high tech business guests are based.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	4	2	

<Author>KimSamSoon
<Content>Phenomenal One of the best hotels ever. The service is wonderful. The accommodations were comfortable, clean, and first rate. I can't say enough about this hotel. The location is fantastic as well.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SunnyDays
<Content>Fantastic Just what you would expect from a 5 star property. Clean, excellent service, good food, and nice rooms. Concierge is helpful. Location of the property is good too. I preferred it to some of the other areas near the Silk Market - too much of a times Square look there. Well worth the money.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vtsoren
<Content>Overall a great experience We stayed in the Beijing Peninsula for about three days this May. Overall the hotel was wonderful. The rooms are well appointed with modern comfortable furniture. The hotel lobby is grand and has exclusive shops - Chanel, Tiffany's etc.. We stayed on the Club floor. The amenities there were excellent - free breakfast  papers. The staff was extremely helpful and courteous. We tried the Cantonese restaurant on the basement level - it was fanastic. Very nicely decorated as well. The location is ok - close to one of the main shopping streets, although not terribly close to the Forbidden City, etc. Overall, well recommended.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cortez55403
<Content>Strong but not superb stayed 5 nights here in a club level room. Strong points: location; willing service; great club floor breakfast; fabulous Cantonese restaurant Huang Ting; airport transfers a must.Weaker points: weak lobby atmosphere and bar (nearby Regent is better); no hip restaurants at all (compare Redmoon and Made in China at Grand Hyatt); basic gym and spa (nothing like Peninsula Hong Kong); spotty room service and maid service.A good rather than great experience. Need management at Hong Kong Peninsula to oversee and upgrade this well located hotel. We enjoyed it but didn't love it.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>regio
<Content>Nice Hotel       View from our room  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>katzstudio
<Content>Fantastic! Great for designer brand shopping! We stayed here for 4D/3N..The service was excellent! Waiters are polite, friendly, and very accomodating at the breakfast buffet. The food was good. Design wise, the hotel lobby for me was not that beautiful compared to other Peninsula lobbies .The room was avarege for a 5-star hotel. I like the electronic control system in the room, though. It's right beside your night table. it's very convenient especially when you're already in bed, you have the control of everything inside the room. It also has an outside temperature  humidity forecast .The bathroom LCD TV was innovative. I love their complementary hi-speed internet service. Most of all, I love the signature shops in the hotel. There's no need to go somewhere else for designer shopping in Beijing (Chanel, Louis Vuitton, Gucci, Versace, Tiffany  Co., Dior, Hermes, DG, Prada, Burberry, and much more..).  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>bhencey
<Content>Best Hotel in Beijing First trip to China and Beijing was the first stop. Was pleasantly surprised with the Peninsula level of luxury and service.Location: A bit from main entrance to Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square, but despite warnings of distance we were able to walk it several times. About two blocks from the major shopping street. Room: We stayed in their standard Deluxe room. It was a fairly large bedroom area, usual 5* amenities. A wonderfully large bathroom with TV and sound system. Separate soaking tub and glass shower. None of the busy road noise was heard in the room. We didn't eat in the hotel or do any shopping in the high-end western stores at the hotel, so can't comment on those.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>george01
<Content>Great location Stayed at the peninsula last March. We upgraded to the club floor and was fine. The lounge was very good, good breakfast, good snacks and free drinks in the early evening. Worth it. The location is just great. 30-40 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tianamen (spelling?) Square. However, be aware, there are quite a few 20-something people who will approach you and will try to make conversation, and offer to show you around and be your guide, I'm sure for a lot of money. All you have to say is  not interested, thank you and they'll leave you alone. Is kind of bothersome, but other than that enjoy the thousands and thousands of asian tourists in that area. It's always quite crowded. Can't coment on public transportation, as we were escorted most of the time by our asian business associates. However, the picture I had of Beijing people riding bicycles as the main means of transportation is no longer the case. Bikes were replaced by cars, and horrendus traffic. Try a typical peking duck, hopefully with asian friends, who can explain how is prepared and eaten. Suffice to say, most if not all parts of the duck are brought to your table for your eating enjoyment. They took us to the Great Wall, the closest part of the wall to Beijing, about 1-2 hours depending on traffic. It's magnificent, quite steep  quite crowded, but hey, what's not crowded in Beijing? Try if you can to go to another area of the wall, it's further away from the city 3-4 hours, but they have a gondola going up to view the wall, and can return using the gondola, or sometype of chair lift, I don't remember exactly, but it's supposed to be not as crowded. Overall, itwas a fascinating and interesting trip, and a nice hotel to stay at.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Venturagal
<Content>Good but not great for a 5 star First off, I travel to China frequently and own a home in Hangzhou. We typically stay at the Kerry Center in Beijing, but it was sold out for this particular week so we decided to go with the Peninsula. I guess if i had never been to the Kerry Center than i would not have been as disappointed. The Peninsula has smaller rooms than the Kerry and the bar/restaurants are not as nice as the Kerry. The Kerry is more hip than the Peninsula and defintely has that vibe of an older crowd. FYI, I am in my 30's so i am not looking for a party hotel, just not geratric either. The Peninsula does have very high end shops in the hotel like Tiffany and Chanel (I am not really into that so i did not care) if that is important to you. I was also disappointed that the spa was not more accomodating, even though it was seemingly always dead. You needed reservations for massages (which is so unChina like) at the hotel which prompted us to walk to a closer massage place. I just wanted that impressed with the Peninsula..I will stay at the Kerry next time.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	2	4	2	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>Very nice but not my cup of tea I stayed here for two nights last week due to a business seminar being held in situe. The hotel is extremely well located for those looking to eat out as well as walk to the Forbidden City. There are two levels of European Luxury shops under the lobby and more outside. That being said, if you find that interesting, one should ask why they're in China. Physically, this is a relatively old hotel but has been upgraded in the past couple of years. The rooms, service, restaurants, etc. all have a high level of service and efficiency. The rooms are quiet and the internet connection, wired and wireless, fast and free. English speaking staff are plentiful and truly fluent.If you really want to feel like you're in a Western hotel, surrounded by Westerners, and there are plenty that do, this is the place. That's not a knock, that's just a fact. Also, not the best value in town. I stayed the weekend, checked out and went to a hotel one block away.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yvanab
<Content>Great location, Excellent hotel We just returned from Beijing where we stayed at the Peninsula. This is a great hotel, idealy located: within walking distance to the forbidden city, Tianan Men square and the shopping district of Wangfuji.The buffet breakfast is incredible. And the Chinese restaurant in the hotel is excellent. Rooms are well appointed and of good size.A swiming pool, with excellent service and well equiped changing rooms (always clean and in good order) is appreciated after a long day walking in the city.Overall, an excellent stay, with outstanding services and for a good price if you get a package from the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maseHK
<Content>Best Concierge!! We recently stayed at the Peninsula Beijing and we definitely recommend it to everyone. We were especially blown away by the Concierge service which was outstanding. We had some unexpected changes to our itinerary and they were able to help us make alternative arrangements at 6.30am!! Their restaurant recommendationswere also excellent. We had read about an unusual restaurant deep inside the hutongs in a magazine and asked the concierge to help us find it. They even made the taxi driver speak to the restaurant staffto be sure of the way!We used the car service arranged through the hotel and found this quite expensive, but contrary to what we were told before we went to Beijing, the taxi service is not bad at all.The breakfast was not as extensive as some other hotels like Shangri-La, but food quality was top class. It was our wedding anniversary on the day we arrived, and our travel agent who happens to be a friend informed the hotel, they upgraded us to a deluxe room and had a chilled bottle of champagne waiting for us!! Now that's what I call service!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RowerinVA
<Content>Outstanding for business and sightseeing A genuinely great luxury experience that I used for both business and sightseeing. I paid 1400 yuan ($189), which is pricey but not outrageous by Beijing standards, and for that I got included buffet breakfast at the Jing restaurant (excellent - a real feast), free wireless and also a hardwire connection, US-compatible electric plugs, and unlimited pool and gym. The room was reasonable size (14x22 feet, plus bathroom and hall area) and had a reasonable view. They picked me up at the airport (a good idea - PEK can be crazy) and waited on me hand and foot at every moment, from writing out directions in case I took a non-English-speaking cab, to coordinating with my business meetings, to handling faxes (also, there was a fax machine in the room) and setting up sightseeing tours and private cars to events and sights. The hotel is luxury class with very nice spa bathroom fixtures (Grohe and marble in my room), a surprisingly nice sound system in the room, and two excellent restaurants and a luxury shopping arcade. The gym has real weights and machines and even a rowing machine and the pool is great, housed in a solarium (not the basement). Even the cleaning staff spoke English. It is well located a short (5 minute) taxi ride from Tianenmen Square. In short, this hotel makes things easy, which is no small thing in the insanity that is Beijing. I will definitely stay here next time I'm in Beijing.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paradocs
<Content>Lovely Room, Excellent Service, Ideal Location We stayed in the Peninsula Beijing for five nights in March. After finding the Winter Escape Package on their website, we made the final booking by phone using the toll-free Peninsula number. For the additional benefits, we chose the Club Floor and could not have been happier. When we arrived at the hotel, we were taken upstairs immediately and offered a drink in the lounge while the Club Floor staff completed the check-in forms and took our bags to the room. Although we could have had breakfast in Jing as part of the package, we found the breakfast on the Club floor delicious, plentiful, and relaxing. The same could be said for afternoon tea and cocktails in the early evening. In fact, we are light eaters; and many days we didn't have any other meals. The staff were attentive and extremely helpful. They provided maps, directions, and wonderful sightseeing suggestions complete with the names in Chinese characters for the taxi drivers. Franco Ma, a Club Floor Concierge, was a wealth of information and recommended one of the highlights of our stay -- Sunday in Jingshan Park.The room was small but extremely comfortable, quiet, and well designed with a roomy bathroom. Dinner at Jing was outstanding with a broad range of cuisines. The hotel's location made it ideal for those who enjoy walking. It was a 15 to 20 minute walk to the Forbidden City, 25 to 30 to Tianamen Square, and about 10 minutes to the pedestrian shopping street. Although we used taxis to many places, we thoroughly enjoyed being able to walk to places we visited often.We would highly recommend the Peninsula and especially the Club Floor because of the excellent and charming staff, personalized service, and value for money.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>whattorent
<Content>Best Stay Abroad Ever HIGHLIGHTS: Truly an experience, flat panel TV, TV and sound system in bathroom, daily maid service, excellent personnel, great food, on-premise currency exchange, fluencey in English among staff, purified water in-room, remarkable rooms, good view (in our room) spacious hotel, rooms and shopping area.AREAS FOR IMPROVEMENT: Better labeling of foods containing fish or nuts.OVERALL: This a first-rate hotel with all the staples one would expect to find. We stayed here as part of an incentive travel experience for Konica-Minolta and found The Peninsula to be among the premiere hotels in Beijing. The trip was incredible, but this was largely due to the accomodations received as much as the cultual experience around us. While many other American travelers we encountered were complaining of staffs who didn't understand them or small rooms with stale air, we were spoiled t the Peninsula.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>northshoreauntie
<Content>Outstanding!!! We recently returned from a 6 night stay at the Penn and cannot recommend this property more highly.As independent travelers, we booked the hotel directly through their web-site and they responded to our email promptly.Our winter escape package included breakfast and airport transfers.After a 16 hour flight, we were grateful to be met at the gate with acar and driver who whisked us to the hotel. Although it was  9PM, we were met at the door and checked into our room on-site.The room was clean, comfortable and excepting the lack of a coffee pot, furnished to high standards.All of the staff, particularly the concierge desk, were immensely helpful.Breakfast was bountiful, including Chinese, Japanese and European specialties with omelettes made to order.The location near Wangfujing Daije was exceptional with lots to see and do. Although we did walk tothe Forbidden City the first day, we suggest a cab instead. Save your feet. What astounded us-One evening we returned to our room to find a card and birthday cake. The staff had discovered my husbands' birthday, ( we assume from our passports) and had sent up a to-die-for chocolate mousse cake. It doesn't get any better than the Penn. It's a stay we will remember forever.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scoremedia
<Content>Stellar Just returned from a six day, five night stay in Beijing at the Peninsula. Stayed in an executive suite under the Winter Escapes package. Was picked up from the airport in an older S class Mercedes (thankfully as the Beijing Airport can be a zoo.). Was greeted at the front door and front desk check in was by-passed (it was done in the suite.) I would recommend booking at least a club level room because it gives you access to the private club room that serves lite fare throughout the day. All staff speaks English and were very polite and accomodating. Hotel is older and suites aren't large but very cleaned and serviced twice a day. The hotel is about a 30 minute walk to the Forbidden City and Tiananmen Square and a 90 minute drive to the Great Wall. There is also an open area shopping promenade two blocks from the property. As a heads up, younger Chinese will try to solicit money from you claiming they are art students from the university and want to take you to an art exhibition; happened to me five times. That aside, it is a trip everyone needs to make in their lifetime to see the incredible history the mainland has.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kht2006
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location I stayed 5 nights at the Peninsula Beijing back in May 2004 as an extension to my husband's business trip. His business was not in Beijing central so it was nice to move to the middle of everything! We booked a bed and breakfast rate which was perfect as we started out every day with a very large breakfast. The food was delicious and service was friendly. My only complaint is that there is no way to separate the smokers from the non-smokers (it is China after all!), but the hostess was accomodating when we asked to sit as far away as possible. Loved the wide-selection of fresh fruits.The guest room was clean and spacious. The bathroom was very large, as expected. Separate shower and bath, a toilet room, and a TV too! We got one of their then recently renovated rooms.The individual room A/C worked really well (LCD display) - at most hotels, I usually see those dials where the temp never seems right. Even more fun was the display that told you the outside temp.If this is your first time to Beijing, you cannot beat the location. I hear that the St. Regis is equal or better as a hotel, but it is not located anywhere near the Peninsula. You are steps away from shopping and a short walk to the Forbidden Palace.Service was excellent. We were given the wrong type of room when we checked in. When we informed them, we were told that our room was not quite ready and we were asked to wait a few minutes in the lounge. After we sat down, the manager came by and offered us complimentary drinks and snacks. We probably waited all of 15-20 minutes.When we went, there was no spa in the hotel. The hotel spa was a day spa located in the attached high-end shopping center. I think it was Clarins and all the prices were Western rates. You could, however, get massages in the hotel (near the gym and pool area). Mine was good, but I've had better.This was a very busy hotel when I was there. There was some car publicity event one night, a wedding another night, and the hotel just had a lot of guests! I like how you have to walk by reception to get to the elevator - a nice added measure of security for a hotel in the middle of a major city.Lastly, we never dined in (except for breakfast) and opted to eat the local food. The concierge was very helpful in assisting us in suggesting restaurants and making reservations. Plus there were plenty of dumpling places everywhere!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>khc425
<Content>Great location and rooms We choose this hotel because of its location. A short walk from shops and restaurants of Wang Fu Jing, and also short taxi ride to many of the big tourist spots.The rooms are pretty standard for this class of hotel, and the high end shops and restaurants in the lower floors serve only a very small set of clientele (read: expensive and geared toward those with money to burn).Service is generally good but like many places in China, occasionally shows a lack of polish.We'd be happy to choose the Peninsula again the next time we're in Beiing.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MarkfromCA
<Content>Very good with a good location Stayed at the Pen for the first time. I have been to other Beijing hotels and I would say that this hotel is tied for first (the other is the St.Regis). I liked the location. It has a good walking street a block away and you can even walk to the Forbiden City if you wish. The hotel rooms were nice and the service was classic Peninsula. The staff was very helpfull in helping me find directions and hire a car service for a day of business. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>motutoopua
<Content>Yet another truly memorable Peninsula experience       Living room  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>EVPSC
<Content>Loved It All My spouse and I was there October 4th-October 12th 2006. I was treated very professionally by the entire staff. The room was large and well appointed, compared to the Hotel's in other areas of China i.e. Hong Kong  Singapore.The Breakfast Buffet was out of this world, always鈥檚 well stocked. The 50 LCD TV in the room was a plus.I travel to Beijing and other cities within China each year, with a different group of travelers. I plan on returning next November and I will definitely stay at the Peninsula again.harold sargent Greenville,SC USA  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yaltachick
<Content>Great for business Rooms were gorgeous, service was impeccable from both the general staff and the catering staff. If looking for a meeting venue, strongly consider the Peninsula Beijing. The main ballroom can fit up to 400 people. The breakout rooms are fantastic and the staff is very willing to help.Great place.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Pasha2
<Content>Good hotel This is an excellent hotel that certainly lives up to the Peninsula name. Booked this as part of a weekend package for my brother and two nieces. It was a great experience from check-in to check-out. Hotel is conveniently located -- a short cab ride to the major sights and near shopping and restaurants. The hotel also has a great gym and pool -- a perfect place to relax with family. My nieces enjoyed that as much as the rest of Beijing. The rooms were nice, well-decorated and extremely comfortable. Floors were quiet and hotel staff extremely helpful. Breakfast was included in the room and it was wonderful, particularly if you have children who are picky eaters. In fact, the breakfast is enough to last you until dinner. We also had drinks and dinner at one of the restaurants. There is a beautiful sculpture/fountain in the lower level of the lobby area.The only criticism I have is of the lobby. It is dark and seems to be 1/2 hotel lobby, 1/2 high-end shopping mall. It was a strange mix. But overall, this hotel was great.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dragnet
<Content>Impeccable through and through The friendly and helpful staff, comfortable rooms and great food (western and traditional chinese) at this hotel hold up to the Peninsula's quality of service. Their breakfast buffets were filling enough to take me through the day with nothing more than a light snack mid-afternoon. The staff organized and shipped all my souvenirs for me. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ainalem
<Content>Wonderful from start to finish               More photos  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rlg1977
<Content>A Flawless Hotel!               
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lysaf303
<Content>Sanctuary in Crazy Beijing This hotel is FABULOUS! Beijing is a very busy, crowded city and the Peninsula was a wonderful retreat from the noise of the city. Every employee working there is a true professional...from the doorman to the concierge, they are absolutely the best! The concierge is extremely knowledgeable and speak the best english of anyone we encountererd in all of Beijing! The turn down service was a nice touch...mood lighting, soft music and a fresh pair of slippers on a linen next to your bed....Heaven! The Mercedes airport pick up service was much appreciated after such a long flight! If you want a first class place to stay in Beijing...the Peninsula is it!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>worldtraveller555
<Content>Good option Sevice and airport pick up excellent. It was such a nice experience however the rooms a little small. Bathrooms are very small. The hotel is a good choice but space is not that big. If you are looking for a roomier hotel this is not the one. Nice boutiques at lobby and good breakfast. It is a good choice for the centric and best of all it is not in the Hotel strip where all the hotels are.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>xxqsme
<Content>Concierge could successfully negotiate world peace This really is the place to stay in Beijing. Not only is it all about location, location, location, but the concierge desk is simply one of the best in the world. If asked, these people could negotiate world peace. The hotel is within walking distance of a number of major attractions. We were given a copy of the LUXE city guide of Beijing before we departed Hong Kong. Stay at this hotel and use this well written and hysterically funny guide of the city and you'll experience the best of the best. The Green Tea House restaurant should be a stop. It's expensive and eclectic, but very good. You must order the chocolate dessert that is warm and oozy and served in a bowl with dry ice for effect. Wild ! Its a short drive from the hotel. Don't walk, its too far. We negotiated a driver from the hotel and were slightly overcharged. We let the conierge desk know for their information and it was no big deal. Within minutes the unrequested difference in cash in an envelope was slipped under our door. Can you imagine that happening in any U.S. or Canadian Hotel ? Asia is all about service and China specifically about saving face. The people here are very welcoming.The Club floor is excellent. When you arrive, don't be put off by the outside appearance. It's what's inside that works and works nicely. The hotel run Jing restaurant is beautiful, but overpriced and like most places in Beijing, it's okay to smoke while others dine. Oh, and Made In China is a very good restaurant in the Hyatt hotel, a short walk from the Peninsula. Reservations are a must,and make sure you tell them you want to order the Peking Duck or Beggars Chicken, after all, you are in the land of origin.Get the hotel to organize a car and driver along with an English speaking guide to go to The Great Wall. We spent 9 hours with these guys and it cost about $180.00 U.S. One note, it includes lunch. Lunch is a stop at a government run gift store. You wont eat the food, unless you have been on a fast for 37 days. Tell them to pass on the lunch-stop and figure out food for you, your driver and guide on your own. Some nice touches with the turn-down services in your room at night.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hoolio26
<Content>Palace indeed The Peninsula Palace is a great, great hotel. The lobby bar is one of those fantastic melting pots of a meeting place with young, hip, rich Beijingers loaded down with shopping bags from the hotel's high end designer shops rubbing shoulders with foreign journos, other expats and Chinese business people. It has that real international hotel feel.The rooms, as everyone has said here, are supremely comfortable and the staff accommodating, friendly and highly professional. I did find the bed a bit hard but got used to it.The pool and massage facilities are great. Brenda's foot massage rocks!The breakfast at Jing is only surpassed by the brilliant buffet dinner there. Great value and amazing food, running the gamut from east to west in delicious style.After a day's sightseeing and shopping in mad, frenetic, exciting, wonderful Beijing, the Peninsua Palace is a truly relaxing haven and home away from home that will have you refreshed and ready to go again the next day.We were there for four nights during the Sino-African summit with the president of Egypt and Guinea and their entourages in-house. The way the hotel handled the extra security and associated busy-ness bodes well for the 2008 Olympics.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mauilu
<Content>Treated like a queen Arrived at hotel late in the day,and very tired from long flight.Rooms were ready and luggage in room before I was.Bed was turned down with a mint on pillow. Two bottles of water furnished every day by hotel,saved us from having to purchase.Buffet breakfast a good mix of western and Asian food.GOOD COFFEE! When you passed hotel emplyee's ,always a smiling hello,Doors opened for you whenever you went out and again when you returned.Mattresses were the best in all the trip.For a change my back wasn't killing me when I got up.Wished I knew brand,would buy one for my bed at home.Thanks to all the staff at the Palace for making the start of my China vacation so great.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeijingBoy
<Content>Extremely pleased               More photos  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>odonart
<Content>Great Stay We just spent three nights at the Peninsula, and were very pleased.We stayed in an executive club room for a very reasonable price.The 5 star rating is deserved. The hotel car picked us up and when we pulled up at the hotel a concierge met us at the curb and took us directly to our room and checked us in there. We had fresh fruit and chocolates waiting for us. The room was spacious and attractive, with a large plasma screen in the wall of the bedroom/sitting room plus another small one in the wall of the bathroom. You could sit in the bathtub and work wall control buttons for the TV, radio or speaker phone. Like most hotels, the makeup lighting in the bathroom was poor. I called the valet looking for three common room amenties I couldn't find - because they were more tastefully out of sight than I expected.Club room amenties were good, however you have to arrange tours at the concierge desk in the lobby to book tours and guides. Every concierge who waited on us did an excellent job and all the private guides they got for us were excellent. We would definitely book this hotel if we return to Beijing.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobandAnnie
<Content>Pampered at the Peninsula Spent four nights at the Peninsula Palace in September. The Bedroom on one of the executive club floors was terrific - huge bed, internet conections, air con that obeyed us, flat screen TV and even a second TV in the bathroom! The Executive Club rooms could not be faulted with speedy check-in and check-out , great breakfasts and a splendid happy hour. The hotel is in an ideal situation near to Beijing's main sights and a shopping area. Restaurants were fine  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>solarchem
<Content>It's not cheap, but very nice I stayed on the club level for 2 nights while on business. The service was flawless and the location excellent. I think some may expect a more luxurious stay for the amount of money, but to me the courteous and attentive staff more than compensate.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>chipperlou
<Content>Overrated The hotel is over rated. I had planned on staying at the Peninsula for seven days; the first two days in a standard room re-checking in 4 days later in a club level room. The hotel lobby is what you would expect from a 5 star hotel, however, the room was the size of your standard room with a small unimpressive bathroom and the room was getting close to needing to be refurbished. It definetly was not the room I was expecting. I am sure I could have stayed at a hotel with a comparable room for 1/3 the cost.The room rate did include a wonderful breakfast and a dinner at the Jing restaurant which was excellent.The hotel is well located being close to the main shopping area and many of the important sights in Beijing. On the way to the Forbidden City we walked by the Raffles Hotel which had just re-opened and stayed there for the balance of our trip and had an outstanding stay for less money than the Peninsula.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>mikegol
<Content>Outstanding Recently spent three nights in Beijing at the Peninsula. From the pick-up at the Airport to the check-in in our room by the Club level with Tea and Fruits and Snacks, the hotel service was outstanding. Walking distance to Forbidden City, Shopping, Tianmen Square. Booked tours through the hotel and they were perfect, we booked group tours but noone else signed up so we had private tours of the Great Wall, Forbidden city etc.. The hotels Club level lounge had wonderful breakfast and evening appetizers and drinks. Rooms are outstanding with no short-comings.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KenInSanJose
<Content>Great experience; highly recommended I stayed at the Peninsula Beijing from Aug. 25-29, 2006. I was on a business trip, but my parents joined me in China for a week-long vacation and we stayed at this hotel in two separate rooms.I was very pleased with the hotel. The service was excellent, the location is very central, and the room was exceptionally nice. (My photos don't really do it justice.) The fitness center is pretty good, and the pool is nice and was not crowded when I visited. Housekeeping is exceptional -- several times between visits to the room I noticed that they had spot cleaned and refreshed towels, made the bed, etc. The hotel is very well-staffed, and every person I met spoke basic English. The front desk staff speaks excellent English, and I noticed that many of the managers are European.I didn't think that the outside of the hotel is terribly attractive, but the inside more than makes up for it. (That said, my mom loved the outside.)I've stayed in the Grand Hyatt (twice) and a Novotel in Beijing, and overall I prefer the Peninsula and would definitely stay there again. The Grand Hyatt is very nice (and also nearby) and it has a better fitness center, but the Hyatt is usually more expensive and I think the service at the Peninsula is more friendly and less chain-like.Room service for dinner was excellent. I only had the breakfast buffet at the hotel, which was okay but not great.FYI, after a recent renovation the hotel is now just The Peninsula Beijing -- it's not called The Peninsula Palace anymore but it's the same hotel.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>5starqueen
<Content>Disappointing Peninsula We booked a non-smoking, deluxe king room on the club floor at supposedly the best hotel in Beijing. It was very disappointing. First off, they gave us a smoking room - there way of making it non-smoking was removing the ashtrays when we pointed out to the bellman that it appeared to be a smoking room. Second the room was quite small. Crowded for two people. The bathroom was really substandard. It was a tub shower and it leaked everywhere. We planned to check out after the first night and move to the Grand Hyatt. However the Club Floor manager found out about our plans and they offered us a bi-level suite (at an increased rate) which was nicer, but still not up to the level of a 5 star hotel. I stay in a lot of 5 star hotels and this just isn't up to par. The lobby and restaurants and excellent at this hotel. Definitely worth a trip to Jing or Huang Ting for dinner, but stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Sorsavino
<Content>I liked it! I stayed at this hotel at the beginning of August booking directly at hotel website where I found a very valuable package including a round trip transfer from Airport.The hotel is very elegant but not to much opulent (which I don't like). In the lobby you may find an arcade with the most well known fashion brands, but , I don't know why, they are the 20% more expensive than Italy.The room is very nice and clean; you can undestand tha the hotel is very new. Big flat TV and very interesting control board for lighting and more from the bed table. Bathroom is not that big, but there is also a flat TV (never seen something like that).The location is ideal; clean and safe area walking distance to the shopping area and very close as well to the forbidden city and the markets.I would stay here without any doubt in the future.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>Smitten
<Content>A Palace it is and Staff at their best My husband, 9 year old son and I stayed at the Peninsula Palace Hotel August 3 - 6, 2006. During that time they had a summer promotion on and you had to be crazy not to book it. For a five star hotel they deserve every one of those stars. The summer promotion included breakfast (buffet) everyday and it was quite the buffet - western and asian as well the option of dining in their 5 star restaurant JING that is known throughout the city or you could choose transfers to/from the airport your choice.The check in and bags to the room had to be in record time. Once inside the room they have unbelievable features, like when you enter the room you have the option of mood lights (when was the last time you went into a hotel room that had mood lights) doesn't work with a 9 year old. The plasma TV was amazing and you can order from a list of DVD's that are delivered to your room and there is no charge for this service. They have a sitting area as well as a desk with a fax machine and internet access to use of course if you are on business. The bathroom is quite large nice counter area, separate shower area, nice deep bathtub - phone right by the toilet and a tv screen in the bathroom really what more do you need. We weren't even on the club floor.My husband and I had a chance to use the fitness facilities if you work out this is the hotel to book. We have travelled a lot all over the world and this is the BEST hotel gym you could ask for it is big and has very good equipment. A lady also runs around with a basket after you and offers water and asks if you need anything - beats our local gym! For swimming which our 9 year old did the pool is more than enough fun - clean and big and very well maintained - it is indoors but they also have lounge chairs in case you want to sun yourself outside.. The conceirge is more than staffed - they speak many different languages and of course being the height of summer season especially for Asia they look after everyone - no job is too big or small for them. Including recommending shopping places for all the women that have empty suitcases. Dinner reservations are not a problem and if you want to go to the Beijing Opera you can book that as well. Local tours are offered with shuttle or bus pick up as well very specialized tours that need 24-48 hours notice - if we had had more time in Beijing we would definately booked the educational ones. I can't say enough about the conceirge they really look after you and I really couldn't tell at one point how many staff they had - one day there were six behind the desk looking after everyone what they don't want are lineups and believe me you don't have to wait. The hotel is surrounded by expensive shops on three floors ie Channel, Coach, Tiffany you get the idea - I saw people with bags but never actually saw anyone shopping in the stores - I know they must do well. So if you are humming or hawing where to stay i would highly recommend this hotel - you are in a stones throw of Wangfujing Street which is one of the MAIN shopping areas - like department stores, Olympic Souveniers an awesome Arts and Crafts Centre many floors high with all kinds of Crafts including the Jewellery section on the main floor. You can also walk to Tiananmen Square takes about 15 minutes but a cab is quick and cheap as well. The Peninsula used to be called the Palace Hotel and if you are reading an old guide to Beijing you might not see the hotel in your book - The Peninsula Chain bought it and of course changed the name what a great buy. It's more than a Palace!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ramo
<Content>Excellent with a few grumbles! Excellent with the following comments:- agree with previous reviewer re. price of Evian bottle. Had same experience but refused and sent it away.- booked a car and guide to the great wall. The guide just rides with you for the trip and stayed behind the walk on the wall. I don't understand the point of it and why we had to pay for a useless service.- both inhouse restaurants very good.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>visitor123456
<Content>Best hotel in Beijing I've stayed at almost every 5 star hotel in Beijing but found Peninsula as the best in town (price/location/value). Travelled dozens of time to Beijing from 2004 through June 2006. Rooms are comfortable (love that TV in the bathroom), location is fantastic (don;t need to take a cab to go to restaurant /shopping/ foot massage). Personnel is very attentive, concierge desk is very efficient and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>drewomite
<Content>Great Hotel - So-So Service Stayed for seven days. Liked the room. Service on the Club level was fantastic. The entire staff was friendly and helpful during our morning breakfast and afternoon cocktails. They serve a very good free breakfast and evening buffet. The staff made us feel like honored guests day after day. I cannot say the same for the front desk and conciege. They acted as if we were a big bother. We actually were afraid to talk to the conciege after being talked down to and given one or two word answers to our questions. We were very lucky to find a local guide to give us recommendations - the conciege at this hotel was worthless. Front desk and money change desk were hard pressed to even say hello. Seemed like they just wanted to get you in and out. No smiles. Management needs to spend a day at the Peninsula Manila or Peninsula Chicago to understand what customer service is all about.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	4	4	1	2	4	

<Author>MaunMan
<Content>Good Hotel - Do not trust the Cocierge Recommendations A great hotel - rooms, restauarants (especially Jing), ambience, and perfectly located to explore Beijing.Just one warning - do not trust the advice and recommendations of the Concierges. We booked an expensive city tour. The guide was excellent but she had been asked not to tell us beforehand that many of the sites were undergoing renovation and would be closed (improvements for the 2008 Olympics). We also asked for advice to get to one of the large Carrefour supermarkets and were directed to a very poor, older, smaller supermarket than the one requested. Restaurant recommendations? Not very experienced and it was as if they received a commission on recommending certain establishments.The Jing Restaurant was always very good .... especially the buffet.Beware of ordering certain items in the restaurants and cafes - a bottle of Evian cost GBP 8 so order the local mineral water. The tea and beer were very reasonable.A great hotel to stay in but .....  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darwinsail
<Content>NIce location and excelent conciege service We stay in the hotel for 5 nights. The room was big enough to accommodate the 3 of us.As I made reservations by e-mail before, they wait for us at the airport with cool water and a Mercedes. They bring us to the hotel, and we went directly to the room (no check-in was necessary).A week before I communicate with the concierge by e-mail asking for suggestions, and asking for travel arrangements. When we arrived they have already book everything we want (private tours, shows, and restaurants). Everything works fine, and we are very happy with this and all other services of the hotel.On the top of all, the hotel is very well located, the breakfast is excellent, and has a very kind staff.For those that have never being in China before, and do not want to be part of an excursion it is a very good and safety option. I will do it again if it is necessary.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scubarichie
<Content>Executive Floor makes it best in China We booked three rooms on the Executive level and received the best in service. One of the rooms did not have potable water, but we could call for as much bottled water as desired. The Club Lounge had an excellent breakfast buffet, superb afternoon tea snacks, and superb bar snacks and foods with drinks at happy hour. Our family loved the fitness center with the individual tvs, headphones, bottled water, and provided cool moist washcloths midway through the workout. Superb hotel laundry service. The location was superb for proximity to a pedestrian shopping street and a night market. Also close to a night food market.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Anonymous8
<Content>Nothing Outstanding            
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sc_UK
<Content>It's better when you get inside! The Peninsula Palace looks terrible from the outside, and the trip from the airport (by taxi) will leave you wishing that you'd never come to Beijing, but once inside it's a different matter.We arrived - nerves frazzled after the 100mph dash from the airport - in a far from relaxed state and as soon as we stepped out of the cab our bags were whisked away, we were taken up to the executive lounge and offered a beer. Good start!The concierge in the executive lounge couldn't have been more helpful, providing us with maps and information, and taking us personally to our room.Unfortunately, despite reserving a non-smoking room, the first room we were given smelt badly of smoke. No problem! We were given a choice of two other rooms and our bags were moved without any fuss or trouble.The rooms aren't overly opulent or fancy, and the views aren't good, but they're very clean, modern and comfortable.Location wise, the hotel is perfect for tourists. It literally is a 15 minute walk from the eastern edge of the Forbidden City (to the person who said in a previous post, don't believe the 15-20 minute distance from the Forbidden Palace/Tiananmen Square you hear - I think you must have got lost - you go out of the hotel, turn left and walk in a straight line for 15 minutes!!!). It's 2 mins from the main shopping street (which is good to look at but not great for shopping) and right across the road from the most amazing foot massage place we've ever experienced (amazing after a day trekking round the city).We were going to go on a trip to the Great Wall arranged by a youth hostel but it was too much hassle, so we asked the concierge to organise a car to take us to Jinshanling and pick us up at Simatai. They also provided us with a great lunch. This was not cheap, but it was worth the money for the experience.Overall - a good hotel in a good location and perfect if you're only in Beijing for a short time to see the sights.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Hotel In the past I have only stayed at the Peninsual's in Bangkok (possibly the world's best hotel) and the Hong Kong Pen (an institution) so we were expecting an equally grand hotel. We arrived late and their car met us at the airport. All very standard stuff for most of Asia. Arriving at the hotel we had booed into the club floor.They take you directly to your room. A disappointment, to say the least. Tiny rooms and even smaller bathrooms in comparison with their other Asia hotels. So we had them locate another room, and negotited a small extra amount to pay. Much better. At least we could unpack and move around without too much problem. And a bigger bathroom too. The club floor had a pretty good breakfast. They will go out of their way and make you eggs to your choosing if you ask them nicely. The staff were all very helpful. They put on a snack and cakes in the afternoon. Chocolates after dinner, so it's not a bad place to retire to before bed. Free internet service as well. The restaurant is excellent and the breakfast there is huge. One day we hired a car and driver to take us to the Great Wall. The restaurant maitre d' ( a delightful ladt with an excellent command of english) assisted us in haveing a picnic lunch packed., We chose food from the cold food buffet the night before in containers she provided and kept them in the kitchen fridge. The next morning they packed it in a small ice chest and provided us with linen and plates and cutlery so we could enjoy the meal. At the Great Wall our driver took us to a gift shop at the bottom and waited with the food while we spent a few hours on the Wall. We then ate at one of their tables. This was much nicer than the restaurants we passed on the way.The hotel is located close tt Tiamen Square and the Forbidden City (about 25 minutes walk) and next to a huge car free mall. We enjoyed the hotel. Excellent staff. Super Chinese restaurant in it too.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MoodyR
<Content>Very good hotel, but spotty service       Yellow (unpotable) water  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Hotel! Too bad our new Levi's were stolen from it! We were pleasantly surprised that we were staying in the nicest and most beautiful Hotel in Beijing. Clean, wonderful breakfast buffet, good service, robe and slippers provided. The only thing negative we went home with, was the realization that levi jeans must be very valuable because my husbands were taken from the room. He left them folded on the entertainment stand and they were gone when we returned. Otherwise, we loved the Hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice place to stay I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. The staff was very pleasant and always eager to accomodate. The hotel was very well maintained. The food was excellent. It was nicer than most places I have stayed in New York- and the people were a whole lot friendlier. I would definitely go back  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Andy Hayler
<Content>A bit of an enigma In many ways this hotel is superb: the facilities are terrific e.g. a very fine gym and nice indoor pool. Rooms have excellent plasma TVs and fine showers. The club floor lounge is very welcoming, doing breakfast but also afternoon tea and complementary drinks in the early evening. Service was excellent throughout in my experience, helpful and freindly. Oddly, the breakfast was patchy, with eggs cooked to order, but cold baked beans, tea that was also sometimes cold, and some very ordinary dim sum indeed. At peak times, there was a long line for breakfast; we waited 20 minutes one day to get into the dining room (which is one level below the lobby). However the main problem was the beds, which had rock-hard matresses. According to my physician wife, it is a myth that hard beds are good for your back, and these were the hardest I can recall in all my travels. Overall, very good, but if you have any trouble with hard beds, look elsewhere.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buzzby
<Content>Heaven in Beijing The moment we arrived we were wisked away to our upgraded duplex suite. It was a stunning room with magnificent lighting. We were greeted with beautiful fresh fruit and a display of cookies and chocolate. The service was perfect. The concierge arranged every detail of our 5 night stay from front row opera tickets to a window table at the Courtyard restaurant.We took the hotel transfer service to the airport which included a personal escort to our ticket counter. Since we were not traveling with a tour the personal service we received during our entire stay made our trip to Beijing memorable. I wouldn't hesitate staying at the elegant Peninsula again... I would look forward to it.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beano74
<Content>very good Stayed for 4 nights in March, great limo service which picks up from the airport if you pre book it 拢60 each way. The hotel is very chic, the foyer is amazing, surrounded by many designer shops, Louis Vuitton, Chanel, Dior, Prada, Tiffanys and many more. The prices of the restaurants were steep by Beijing standards. But if you don't mind the prices then the quality of the restaurants is very good, particularly the Cantonese restaurant.The hotel is very well located, a 5 minute walk to the shops but a good 15 mins to the Square and Forbidden City. I suggest getting cabs as they are very very cheap, get the concierge desk to sort them out for you, they are very helpful.We got the hotel to organise a trip to the Great Wall and Qing Tomb for us with a Red Star car. It was very good, get a packed lunch from the hotel to take with you. The standard room was very nice, plasma screen, all fittings new and shiny. Wasn't the biggest room I have ever stayed in but more than big enough. The bed was one of the best I have ever slept in and the sheets were lovely and soft.I would recommend the hotel to anyone going to Beijing, not the cheapest but certainly very good quality, chic, reliable and central. Beijing itself is worth a visit, especially the Great Wall, an experience i will never forget. The Silk Market is the place to go for bargain shopping, once you get used the hassle from each stall holder you realise that its just their sales pitch and isn't meant to feel as intimidating as it does at first. Some fantastic bargains to be had, my girlfriend said she would go back to Beijing just for that market!  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PAQ
<Content>Ok, But Will Go Elsewhere When Next in Beijing I had heard raving reviews of the Peninsula Hotel Beijing, but I was disappointed. For US $300, I did not think this belongs in the 5 Star category. There is nothing special about the lobby, although the hotel is located in a mall with all the shopping of brand names on Rodeo Drive or 5th Avenue. The location was what bothered me. My wife and I walked several blocks in all directions, but there was nothing interesting to see, even along the nearby pedestrian street. The dining room is in the basement, but although pleasant, it lacked natural sunlight. Food was plentiful and good for breakfast and dinner. The room was of appropriate size and had a plasma tv, and was well decorated. Internet connection was superb, and free. Lots of Westerners stayed at the hotel too. This was my 3rd trip to Beijing, and I will choose another hotel next time.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, but a few mis-steps. Stayed there eight days in February. Overall experience was fine, with the exception of a few service hiccups. Rooms are more than adequate; the breakfast buffet is terrific, especially the Asian side; and the restaurant, while pricey, is quite good. Location is terrific. Generally, service is fine, but sometimes spotty at the concierge desk. Asked them to make reservations for Peking Opera one night, and they told me they would. Got to the opera, none had been made. Raised the issue when I returned, was told they would look into it and get back to me. No one did. When we reserved, we received a questionnaire asking our preference in newspaper, we never got one. Asked whether we would like comforter or blanket, we said blanket, got a comforter. Quite fine hotel, but doesn't quite live up to the promise of the Rolls Royce out front. Given the language barrier, it lhelps to be very specific.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jclaman
<Content>Excellent Hotel My wife and I stayed 5 nights departing 2/28. Overall this is a wonderful hotel. The buffet breakfast is outstanding. Service was above average. Free internet service is provided in each room, both wifi and wired (connect speed sometimes is slow). Gym is very nice.The only negatives, which I do not consider serious were that the outside look of the hotel is nothing to write home about, and the room was a little small. Location is good, about a 15 minute walk to Tianamen Square. Many restuarants in the area. Pedestrian shopping street is a 5 minute walk.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ruedahenke
<Content>Great ammenities! Just came back from an eventful trip to Beijing with my family. I must say that our vacation was enhanced by choosing the Peninsula. After exciting and often tiring days sightseeing with children, it was refreshing to return to 5 star accomadations. However, I don't believe that the service was always 5 star. I don't feel that it was for lack of trying but more of not knowing. Beijing is still growing as an international city and I believe that the more exposure they have in the service industry, the more they will be acccustomed to the needs of the travellers..  
<Date>Feb 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Worldly Woman
<Content>What a great experience!       hotel lobby  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a quite overrated Hotel Having stayed at this hotel twice on my trip, i think this is a overated hotel. Probably one of the best in Beijing, not in this world.The room is simply Too Small. At an average of 31 metres, if you have more than one big suitcase, it is hard to put down two at the sametime. There is lots of details in the room ( like big TV etc). The Bath room is Tiny, compared to the Peninsula Bangkok.Since their TubShower is in one place, my shower cracked the first time i used. I switched to China World Hotel on my third night stay there. Room at China World Hotel is much more spacious, a bit more expensive of than that of Peninsula BJ, but worth it.The location of the hotel is excellent, restauant at ground Fl is good.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>emmalm
<Content>5 star luxury For luxurious attention to detail this has to be one of the best hotels I have ever stayed in!The rooms are elegant - oh so comfy bed, Egyptian cotton sheets and lots of pillows. A beautiful limestone bathroom that even had an adjustable plasma screen tv you could watch in the bath.Room service was excellent as was the food in the restaurants. Staff very helpful. Taxis sometimes a little difficult to get hold of as they don't have a taxi rank on site.Word of advice - some American and European visitors might find the many porters ringing on the door - offering ice, chocolates for your pillow etc - a little annoying just remember to light up your 'do not disturb'on the control panel if you want to be left alone.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MelWPB
<Content>Wonderful Experience This hotel was amazing - we stayed for 3 nights. The room was elegant yet comfortable. We paid a little more for the club level, but it was well worth it. Also, the hotel's spa was small, but we each had relaxing and affordable massages, which were nice after a long day of travel. Don't hesitate to stay here.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>juliemcp
<Content>A Comfortable, Elegant Home Base While Staying in Beijing My husband and I stayed at the Peninsula for 4 wonderful nights. We read so many wonderful reviews about the hotel and couldn't wait to experience the hotel for ourselves; we were not disappointed at all!We loved the comfortable bed and oversized towels. It was such a treat to return back from a long day of sightseeing and have our bed turned down with ornemental pillows carefully slipped in their cases, slippers on each side of the bed, bottled water at the bedside, and soft music playing. The breakfasts at Jing restaurant were wonderful complete with a vast array of fruit, pastries, breakfast meats and they will cook your eggs to order.Service was outstanding and this hotel definately deserves the 5 star rating.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JWYeung
<Content>One of the top hotels in China       The bathroom with TV by the vanity  
<Date>Dec 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay at the Peninsula Palace       Bathtub  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jnice
<Content>Above Average Hotel Stayed for three nights in June 2005. Slightly overrated. While the rooms were clean and modern (plasma t.v., purified water in the bathroom), they are very small. Hotel guests are mostly white Americans, not that that is a bad thing but being in the hotel, you would never know you were in China (except for the staff). Great location, excellent service, clean/modern facilities, good Western-style restuarant for buffet breakfast, luxury shopping within the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sarah-Rhiannon
<Content>Fantastic hotel I stayed in this hotel with my family for a few nights in September 2005. We were upgraded so we got fabulous rooms that were really spacious with plasma screens including one in the bathroom. I liked the way every night when I came back from a tough days sightseeing there was classical music playing in the room. The food was fantastic there, especially the breakfasts. Ate in both restaurants there and can recommend the Hua Ting, try the duck pancakes, but beware you get a lot of duck!The locatin was perfect, you could just stroll down to wangfujing for shopping. I would definitely stay there again if i was in Beijing.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>agumonster
<Content>Surrounding Areas less than to be desired What do you do if your husband gets a major chronic back pain, which leaves him bedridden for 2 full days, whereupon he asks me, his wife, for one of those Tibetan Pads to stick on his back?Of course I go get it, after I had a nice lunch on the LL1 floor of Jing Restaurant with one of my best friends...So I ask Marie, the concierge, where she can get me Chinese medicine pads and she gladly pointed out a Pharmacy, which is about a brisk 14 minute walk to get to. After checking on the cell phone with my ailing husband, I knew I got the right pads in a shop filled with all kinds of boxes of medicines. Tonight I pack to check out of the Peninsula Palace in Beijing tomorrow morning. I note how amazing this hotel's service has been: the room service, the house keeping, the waiting staff at the restaurants. (Hua Ting, on LL 2 is very good Chinese fare. Order cold appetizer/salads. )Then I go through my receipts to find the pharmacy overcharged me by 13 more pads! Unbelievable! I hear Wang Fu Jing is a cheating neighborhood for tourists, but this is just too much! WATCH YOURSELF IN THIS AREA! (If you won't buy anything, then don't worry so much. This is a great hotel. The lobby's upscale mall has decent window dressing compared to others in Beijing.)  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Spacrawler
<Content>Believe the hype about this one! My weeklong stay at the Peninsula Palace was fantastic from start to finish. They sent a questionnaire beforehand asking about bed, refreshment, and newspaper preferences, so when I got there my room had the requested amenities. The location is fantastic, close to shopping, two subway stops, the Forbidden City and Tianamen Square. The room was superb, luxury linens and towels, a bedside control for literally everything in the room, including a 42 inch flat screen TV. It was very quiet, a nice respite from the hectic traffic (and unbelievably polluted air) outside.Compared to many four star hotels in the city, this property is pretty expensive, but less than the Hyatt and the St. Regis. I opted for the club floor for an extra $30 a night. I guess it was worth it, because the onsite restaurants were quite pricey (but it was nice that room service cost the same price for a selection of the same dishes). The selection at breakfast, afternoon tea, and evening cocktails was rather limited. But there is a nice lounge with internet access and free beverages all day.I would definitely stay at this property again!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Buzzy1
<Content>Excellent First class hotel 10 minutes walk from Forbidden City and five minutes from main pedestrian shopping street. Decent size room, with 2 plasma TV's (one in bathroom). No views worth mentioning. Fine service overall. Concierge will book Great Wall and other tours (not cheap). Our Great Wall-Ming Tombs guide spoke excellent English. Terrific breakfast buffet included in room price. Would highly recommend this hotel. Fairly priced.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLInternational
<Content>Worth the money! A treat at a true 5 star hotel. We noticed the difference the moment upon arrival. A representative escorted us to the front desk including an offer to carry my business case. Then the front desk staff who checked us in personally took us to our room and explain how every ammentiity works in the room. The hotel also make every effort to accomodate our special requests. Room is very contemporary with marble tiles and hard wood floor and a large plasma TV including state of the art electronic control on all electrical appliances. Central air is efficient and quiet which is uncommon. One feature that one would appreciate in China is that it come with filtered water at the sink rather than just bottled water. Hotel location is great. The Jing Restaurant was great for breakfast. All staff are friendly and helpful leaving you with a personal touch . We used the business center for internet bottled water was provided while we surf. Upon checked out when a private car was waiting to take us to the airport, the hotel manager would personal come over and inform us personally and ensure even our our departure exxperience was a pleasant one.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travel Agent Traveler
<Content>Great location, beautiful rooms, excellent service As a travel agent, I stay in many hotels each year. The Peninsula Palace is one of the best. The group I brought to China loved this hotel. The location is excellent for shopping and sightseeing, right in the center of the city. Be careful of luxury hotels (or any hotels) in Beijing. The city is huge and the traffic awful. You can stay at a great hotel in the city that is half an hour or more from the Forbidden City. Our room was beautifully furnished and quite soothing. Room amenities were amongst the best I have ever encountered. Make sure you get the turn-down service - it makes going to bed a special experience. A hotel such as this in New York or London would cost twice the price. Go to China and take advantage of fabulous hotels at remarkable rates.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TEEVEE
<Content>Great spot for 5 star luxury in Beijing This was our 2nd stay at Peninsula Palace and it remains a favorite. We were in a Duplex Suite on the 14th floor. It was FABULOUS. Huge, 2 story suite. Ground floor had half bath, living  dining area, flat screen TV. Hit a button and the drapes open/close on the 2 story windows. Stairs to 2nd floor loft style space. Huge desk  work area, large bed, another flat screen and loads of storage space for clothes, etc. Bathroom was big with 2 sink areas and yet another TV in the wall at the end of the tub.Service was excellent. Shoes shined  returned almost instantly. Room service was quick  good. Duplex Suites are on Club Room Floor and the Club Lounge (on 13th Floor) was lovely. Easy service in checking in/out and huge breakfast, afternoon snack  evening cocktail spreads. Very comfortable. Only complaint would be that they only had 1 computer to use for internet, etc. and it was busy a lot (However, there was a business center on 2nd floor). Location is excelllent. Walk out the door, down the street and you are on a huge pedestrian street filled with shopping. In the evenings, there's a great food stall market...go to see the crickets/silkworms, etc. on a stick! Easy 20 minute walk to Tiananmen Square/Forbidden City. If you're looking for luxury...we thought Peninsula Palace was far better for the price than St. Regis.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>REALLY GREAT PLACE TO STAY We stayed on the exec floor (13th) and got a reasonable rate through a club. You will pay more for this hotel, but the location and staff are both excellent. No need to take hotel taxis, especially to airport, as Beijing Taxis are cheap and effificient. Many many things within walking distance of hotel. Do check out the breakfast, afternoon tea and happy hour on the executive floor. We never ordered room service given these options for free;)  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>casawaikiki
<Content>Nice hotel, but not GRAND I stayed there 5 nights and enjoyed my stay. But it was not what I would call an exciting 4 or 5 star hotel. There were several problems and the hotel staff only corrected the problem and did nothing extra. When I arrived, I was escorted to my room which was great because the door lock was broken. I was told they would fix the door and told it was take half a day and come back. I was offered nothing in return. I then told them to give me another room but everything was sold out. I was told a better room was available the next day, so I booked it and I paid the higher price. The second room had a much larger and nicer bathroom, but not to the level of other top 5 star hotels. The first room looked very basic. The lobby is nothing to get excited about. The entrance to the hotel is nothing to get excited about. But, in the lobby and 2 floors below the lobby is a mini shopping mall with every major luxury brand store. And these stores are not the usual hotel mini version, the are full size. That was surprising since they seemed to be empty everytime I walked by. Over all I enjoyed my stay. Both rooms were on opposites sides of the building, so I got to see the main road view and the pool side view. Neither are what I would call impressive. So don't go there for the views! The hotel staff were nice. When I came back late on my second day to move to my new room, a staff attendant noticed me enter the lobby and immediately told me my new room was ready. That was impressive. I guess she waited there all day? The location is great. I was not so impressed to stay there automatically on my next trip. I booked this hotel because I saw it was rated #1 by internet users. But I would say it's a nice hotel, but not GRAND. I walked to the Hyatt and that hotel looked impressive from the outside. So I will probably try there next time.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mini_minx33
<Content>Hotel of Supreme Harmony       When in Rome..or should I say Beijing.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel i have ever stayed Best facilities, best services, best value. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tam103
<Content>Wow, absolutely amazing, am so impressed! I can tell you I was so looking forward to staying here after looking at their website and the comments left here. Can I assure everyone out there that this hotel is brilliant! They really think of everything, and once you step out of the taxi pulling up at the hotel you really dont need to worry about anything at all.I was in a Deluxe Room registered with the CLub Lounge so I had access to free food and drinks all day and they have a great afternoon tea bit between 3-5pm where they serve the most delicious chocolate cakes and pastries, everything complimentary, inc internet usage. I would well recommend it!Breakfast was very good too with a really wide selection, inc smoked salmon, parma ham, a full english and American breakfast and asian dimsum too with teriyaki fish, mmmmmmmm.Now one of the best bits was how modern the room was itself. Its a reasonable size with 2 double beds, and a massive plasma screen in it and also a smaller one in the bathroom where you can watch dvds/tv in the bath, which I did, how pampered was I! Plus they have all these controls by the bed so you really dont have to move! They have around 100 dvds you can choose from but th annoying thing is alot of them are hired out and you dont have to return them until you check out, so ended up watching some knockoff dvds I bought in a subway which also worked fine.If you want your room made up you press a button 'make up my room' and then a maid comes from housekeeping in literally a couple of minutes. My only gripe is that when it came to getting a taxi back to the airport they called a rather expensive black one and not a normal taxi, and this one didnt have a meter in it and charged us 120 yuan whereas to get to beijing from the airport only cost me 70 yuan in a metered taxi! so next time before you hop in, check its got a meter!Otherwise I cannot recommed this hotel enough. Its location is fab too, its about 5 min walk from Wangfujing st, just go out of the hotel and turn left and walk 5 mins and Wangfujing is on your left.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best I've ever stayed staff, service, facilities... A wonderful place to stay and rest. Do not hesitate, it's worth the money...  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful respite at a decent price Stayed here for a night of luxury after a month of backpacking - for a promotional rate of only $145! The DVD selection and the plasma TVs were a nice touch, and the staff is very helpful. I do have to agree with the previous comment about the taxi hotel service - you're better off catching one on the street on your own.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JuliaVanderbilt
<Content>The Beiing Peninsula, er...Palace I've got to concur with a previous review that while the Beijing Pen is pretty good-it does pale in comparison with its namesake in Hongkong or Manila. I was so ready to be wowed at first glance; I suppose my expectations were over-reaching upon arrival. For starters, it is not an easy walk to the Forbidden City--it's a good 25 minute romp. Nevertheless, the front desk was most accomodating, giving me a choice for another room when I requested for one with a better view. Some literature might lead you to believe you'll get one with a view of the Forbidden City--most doubtful as the hotel is around the bend.The plasma tv's were excellent and the dvd/cd players were thoughtfully bedecked with 2 cd's, one jazz the other chinese classical--I thought these were excellent ideas. And as for the bathroom with flat screen tv's...now you'll really stay in the tub for hours.As for the food--Huang Ting was good and quite beautiful. Jing for breakfast was alright...a bit jammed with people, all lined up along the egg station...nothing gets the caucasian crowd rousing and bitchin like making them wait for their eggs. Jing for dinner, with all due respect to the Conde Nast list--was a bit of a disappointment.Still, everything else in this hotel is mighty spiffy--from the front desk, to the lovely shopping halls, to the gym, swimming pools and steam rooms...the Beijing Peninsula is excellent...I'm just not sure if it's really deserves to be called a PALACE. PS: Make sure you check out the Wangfujin map they unwittingly hide in the desk--outlining all the little pocket pleasures you'll find in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westphillyboy
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stay Excellent hotel. Service was great. From the time of check-in we were whisked to the club level where we were served drinks  snacks while they processed our check-in. Anything we asked was done promptly. They try to meet your every need. The entire staff was extremely friendly. I was impressed how ell they spoke English. Workout facilities  pool were very nice.I thought the Huang Ting restaurant was outstanding. Many peolple rave about Jing, but our meal there was only so-so. The only negative thing was the hotel taxi service. It was considerably more expensive than the regulat taxi. Having said that its a small negative.My family is still talking about our hotel stay there. We think this is the PLACE TO STAY in Beijing.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chris2810
<Content>Great Hotel! The staff at this Hotel are very nice and always willing to help. The buffet is to die for. It was so nice to come back to after a busy day of site seeing!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Judge11
<Content>This Ain't the JW Shanghai... This is a solid hotel. Whether it is up there with the cream of the crop in the 5 star family of luxury/premier hotels is debatable - think the flagship Peninsula HK, the Ritz Carlton, JW Marriott and Grand Hyatt in Shanghai, the Oriental  Regent in Bangkok. I am not thinking the Peninsula Palace Beijing.My comments are minor 1s but when the barometer of comparision is set by such outstanding properties as those noted above, they are noticeable. Staff to guest ratio was good but nothing out of the ordinary, always had to wait for cabs, the concierges seemed overwhelmed at times, construction around the building started at 7am each morning so one had no choice but to get up ( could also not take an afternoon nap), the drainage in the bathroom was like my old college dorm room. Again, nothing severe but chinks in the armour of any 5 star contender. Huang Ting / Chinese rest. was excellent - both quality  value wise. Conversation-interrupting Peking duck. I have to stop thinking about the duck now... I also went to the famous Peking duck rest. on the busy street behind T. Sq / Mao's maus. that every guidebook /or mag/newspaper articles mentions (I think opened since the late 1800s). It's ok. But so is a Toyota Camry  if i can pay the same price I'd rather have the Lexus. You pay the same amount but the quality of the duck  the service cannot be compared without tempting ridicule from little children. Zing, the other rest., is where breakfast is served - as the other reviews on this site note, excellent. Lots of choice - from western food to dim sum. Gets busy in the rush hour morning traffic though (seems to be a lot of tour groups at this hotel). However, the rest. is also highly rated for it's dinners (Conde Nast ranked i think) - my sis tried it out for dinner but she has yet to give me the thumbs up or down. Conclusion: if you can get a decent rate, go for it. Otherwise, you may want to check out the Hyatt (connected to the Oriental Plaza - great food court here!)  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>variety
<Content>Stay Here What can I say but fabulous, this hotel have got it right. The moment we walked into foyer we were treated wonderfully. We travelled all over China, and we also have travelled most of the world, but I have to say that this hotel has the best breakfast buffet I have ever seen. The rooms were wonderful and exceptionally clean.I cannot praise this hotel or Beijing enough. I am returning in September and would never stay anywere else.Stay here with the greatest of confidence.  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CarpeDiemX
<Content>Truly magnificent. A real 5 stars for a very reasonable price Extremely well situated, walking distance from the Forbidden City and Tienanmen Place. Luxurious hotel, with a mix of traditional with modern. Splendid decor. Room and bathrrom of a real 5 stars. Restaurant facilities outstanding from breakfast to supper whether in the Jing or the Huang Ting where we ate a most delicious Peking duck ( we even had it on 2 different occasions!) Impeccable service, from registration in your own bedroom, to first class conciergerie service . Most polite staff doing their best to accomodate you in all aspect of the stay. Were driven from and to airport in a mercedes limo. Help of 2 Peninsula's bellboy at the airport ( they stay there all day to accomodate incoming and outgoing client) to make sure we got our connecting flight to Shanghai. Took us all the way to the gate. Luxurious berroom and bathroom with daily changes of towels and faucet for purified water. TV while taking a bath or on a huge plasma screen in the bedroom. Great hallway with a little bar where you can enjoy 3-5 musicians playing either classical or soft music. 3 floors of the world most prestigious boutiques in the hotel,although you must expect to pay more than at home. Go shopping in the markets of Beijing where bargaining is a tradition and a must. Fitness of the first quality. In all a most enjoyable stay at a truly 5 stars hotel. And the price beats most other 5 stars in Beijing.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kismet007
<Content>An oasis in Beijing As others have noted, the Peniunsula Palace is an oasis within the noise, chaos, and dirt of Beijing. Renovated just a few years ago, rooms are decorated in an Asian-Western fusion style with silk bed accessories and hi-tech plasma TVs. Bathrooms are compact but practical with soaking tubs and granite and marble features--plus the amusing bathroom TV. Staff at the hotel are outstanding and consistently helpful and attentive. We especially enjoyed the beatiful fitness and spa facilities, including a wonderful indoor pool area and the thoughtul items tucked into each locker: robe, plush towel, flip-flops, and even a drawdstring plastic bag with which to transport wet bathing suits. The breakfast buffet, included with most room rates, is heavenly--a perfect mix of dim sum, Japanese, and the usual western standards. Of all the hotels I have stayed in in China, the Peninsula has by far the best breakfast. Service at breakfast can be slow, however; tea and coffee cups routinely run dry, and the pancake and waffle maker seems to take a lot of breaks. For other meals, the restaurant Jing is relatively unremarkable except for its great decor, which you can enjoy at breafast anyway. Our dinner there was solid, but hardly inspired, from a culinary perspective and frustrating from a service perspective (we couldn't find a member of the wait staff who spoke enough English to communicate my allergy to milk products, and I ended up with a dinner soaked in butter tnat had to be sent back). Huang Ting, the hotel's other major restaurant, is much better with an antique Chinese decor, highly attentive service, and great Chinese food. Overall, this is a great hotel. Other perks include the easy walking distance to Beijing's major shopping district, the nightly Snack Market (only for the brave!), and major sights in the city, including the Forbidden City.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>OrbExplorer
<Content>Excellent hotel in Beijing Although many new hotels continue to pop up in this bustling city of 15 million people, the Peninsula Palace is still a great place to stay. The location of this hotel is exceptional with a pedestrian mall only a block away. The hotel had well appointed rooms although ours wasn't huge. It offered two twin beds (actually doubles). The bathroom was beautiful and even had a TV allowing you to view while in the shower or bathtub. They also had a separate water faucet in the bathroom for drinking which made it nice to brush your teeth. I did so daily with no ill affects. They managed to maintain coolness in the rooms all night long, which is important to sleep soundly. Breakfast was included and was at Jing restaurant. Exceptional. The best array of international breakfast cuisine we found on our trip to China. They also have internet access that runs about 45 Yuan for 15 minutes or $8.50 US. The staff was very pleasant and most spoke English. They were helpful and like any you might find at a first rate hotel in NY. All in all a great place to stay.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elle481
<Content>Peninusla is a Palace! Just returned from Beijing. 4/16/05-4/23/05. Stayed at the Peninsula Palace. What a fantastic hotel. From the minute we stepped out of our car till the moment we left we were treated wonderfully. It did take quite a bit of getting used to, as in the states we are not accustomed to such service and attentiveness. We are just normal folks who expect to do most things for ourselves...In fact, my 25 year old daughter commented on her trip back from the restroom by the lobby bar, that the attendent did everything short of going to the bathroom for her!!!! This hotel is number one is service and it is also beautiful. We had a standard adjoining room that was well appointed and decorated with a great view of the main street. The breakfast included in our room rate was delicious and the restaurant was beautiful looking as well. I have absolutly nothing negative to say about this hotel. The last time I went to a hotel that was as wonderful all around, was at the Ritz Maison Orleans in New Orleans, LA, USA. Peninsula Palace, You are tops, and you will see me again next trip!!!~Elle  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic This hotel was wonderful from start to finish.When we checked in, although we had a Chinese speaker with us they insisted on speaking English. The service from all of the staff throughout was prompt and impeccable. One of our party had a birthday while we were there and they sent a birthday cake to her room.The rooms were newly decorated and immaculate with everything you could want down to a TV in the bathroom. The buffet breakfast in Jing was the best I had in China and had a really good choice of western and Chinese food. This was included in our rate of 135USD a night (+ tax). This is a beautiful restaurant unfortunately we did not have the chance to eat there on an evening. We did order room service one night, which was not bad and reasonably priced for a five star hotel. The hotel had lots of other facilities that we did not have time to take advantage of, although we did have time to wander around all of the designer shops in the lobby. The only problem was that there was work ongoing during the day, which was quite noisy while trying to nap off jetlag, but this stopped by six o clock each night.Based on my experience there I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place in Town Everything about the Peninsula Palace was spectacular. However, the service definitely stands out alone as the best reason to come to this hotel. The staff, at all levels, were terrific and incredibly helpful. The hotel underwent a recent renovation and the facilities are outstanding. Our standard king bed room was spacious for a city hotel, well appointed with nice modern furnishings and contained the large plasma TV that other reviewers raved about.We got a club level room that came with club amenities and it was well worth it. The club lounge served a delicious breakfast each day, had snacks and afternoon tea and then appetizers with evening cocktails. We took advantage of all the offerings of the club lounge during our stay.We also ate at both hotel restaurants and we found them to be quite reasonable (in US dollars standards) and very good. Huang Ting, the chinese restaurant in the hotel, was very good and highly recommended. One note of caution, we went out to the Quanjude Peking Duck restaurant one night which was raved about in several tour books as THE place to go for Peking Duck. We were rather disappointed at our expensive meal there and not at all impressed. Perhaps we just had bad luck...The location of the hotel is also excellent as it is within walking distance of the Forbidden City  Tiananmen Square as well as some very good malls for shopping and eating.I would highly recommend the Peninsula for anyone traveling to Beijing!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service, luxury and location - it has all three! Nov 04 - this was my second trip to Beijing, taking American friends on side-trips out of Hong Kong. It鈥檚 amazing what a great hotel experience will do to change your opinion of a city. On my last visit (Apr 04), we stayed at the New Otani which was a disappointment and detracted from our overall Beijing experience.We arranged hotel transfer from the airport which was seamless. Upon arrival at the Peninsula we were met in the motor lobby by hotel staff and immediately escorted to the club lounge, an experience which makes you feel special and your business valued. We were booked at the club level and received superb check-in from the club staff. There was a mistake in one of the room reservations needing twin beds (which I had re-confirmed by phone 2 days prior), which wasn't available, and so they upgraded my companions to a suite. Excellent recovery.The rooms were lovely and housekeeping staff was very, very good. Bathrooms in double room were a little tight (nothing beats Singapore Ritz-Carlton on bathrooms), but nonetheless very nice. Room light and TV controls are state of the art as well as the flat screen TV on the wall which leaves you plenty counter space on top of the bureau! The room has a great chaise lounge which is a nice alternative to always relaxing on the bed.Business center performed a quick task without as much as a hesitation.Concierge staff was amazingly patient and accommodating with very good recommendations. Dim sum at the hotel restaurant was delicious. Breakfast, tea and cocktail hour at the club level were well worth it.My husband and I are very discerning hotel guests and have stayed at many of the top hotels in Asia. This hotel exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frweaver
<Content>By far the best We stayed at the Peninsula Palace in mid-January at the end of our visit to China, and it proved to be the perfect ending to our trip. From the minute the driver and porter met us at baggage claim and whisked us away in the Mercedes, it was an excellent experience. We were met at the door and escorted to the club level, where we relaxed with drinks during check-in. Our room was beautiful and perfectly appointed - the console by the bed controlled everyting in the room (okay, so I was a bit afraid that coupled with the large plasma tv might render my husband unwilling to leave!). The lcd tv in the bath was just icing. Breakfast, tea, cocktails, and superb chocolates, along with help with reservations and transfers made this perfect hotel a bargain.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb oasis in beijing a very civilized oasis away from the bustle of beijing... a lovely hotel, good location, attentive staff, excellent concierge, tastefully furnished room with huge flat screen tv... i spend one morning in bed watching a riveting film... marble bathroom also with tv... very nice swimming pool, excellent breakfast buffet... the best was, that you can get a bicycle from the hotel, which was unmatched for exploring the city, especially going through the hutongs. can't wait to go back...  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Palace Hotel deserves a sixth star   showReview(3000926, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jhatman1
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(2905909, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pasber
<Content>Great Choice for Beijing   showReview(2872914, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>grandgalaxy
<Content>Very Good Hotel in Beijing   showReview(2779127, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peninsula was wonderfully enjoyable    showReview(2772374, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marianknits
<Content>fantastic hotel   showReview(2591991, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Vnyrdr
<Content>Flawless!   showReview(2431246, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Missing BOOKS   showReview(2349583, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dkhassan
<Content>The Best Hotel in Beijing for Comfort, Service and Location   showReview(2217037, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fromsaopaulo
<Content>It's really a Palace!!!   showReview(2213413, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoeBonn
<Content>Luxus Pur       Das Hotel  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hesse
<Content>o.k.   showReview(16768810, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valery1303
<Content>Excelente!!!   showReview(16292191, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19168768, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簚瓒炽仾銇仹銇欍亴锝ワ渐锝?#x201d;   showReview(19167072, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super   showReview(11315116, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nick_cassiusclay
<Content>Meriterebbe un restauro   showReview(8608768, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19163153, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>joe1968
<Content>Ruhige Lage aber 眉berbewertet und zu teuer!! Fitness abgewohnt   showReview(7565822, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕冲厜銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19160912, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧   showReview(19160823, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉氥儖銉炽偡銉ャ儵銉汇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚   showReview(19160818, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Avec plaisir nous reviendrons   showReview(11387890, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銆?#x201d;   showReview(19158022, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉荤珛鍦般€€銆€涓績琛椼伀銇?..   showReview(21800974, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈夊悕銇儦銉嬨兂銈枫儱銉┿偘...   showReview(19928419, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬫淳銇珮绱氥儧銉嗐儷銇с仐...   showReview(19928353, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐜嬪簻椋簵銇銇屼簣绱勩仐...   showReview(19928244, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>3娉娿仐銇俱仐銇熴亴銆併仺銇?..   showReview(19928087, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐜嬪簻浜曘亱銈夋澅鍗樸伀鍚戙亱...   showReview(19928047, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銉儑銉炽偊銈ｃ兗銈伀...   showReview(19927874, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐜嬪簻浜曘亱銈夈仚銇撱仐鏉便伀...   showReview(19927434, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄涓浗鏃呰銆佸垵...   showReview(19926389, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 6, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛筹肌锛诧汲鏄庛亼闁撱倐銇亜...   showReview(19922843, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绻佽彲琛椼伄鐜嬪簻浜曘伀杩戙亜...   showReview(19921204, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐜嬪簻浜曡繎銇忋伀銇傘倞銆併偡...   showReview(19920008, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉伅鍖椾含銇妧...   showReview(19919339, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓浗鏈湡銇垵銈併仸銇梾...   showReview(19918557, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽兂銈枫偋銉偢銉ャ亴鍎...   showReview(19918377, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倢銇俱仹銇紦鍥炲寳浜倰...   showReview(19918261, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

