<Author>docnhisrn
<Content>Excellent, would book again anytime Fantastic location, right next to Uffizi museum (literally) and right on the river. Was within one block of the famous bridge with all the shops on it (Ponto vecchio).Room was spacious with fantastic, marbled bathroom.Front desk staff all very helpful and friendly.The included breakfast was amazing - huge selection of foods.Amenities - there is a great bar and small restaurant on the top level of the hotel (with fantastic views) as well as a business center with internet access (have to pay for access however).Overall, no negative issues at all. Really enjoyed this hotel!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheesage
<Content>Quiet luxury in city center       Basic Double (discounted rate)  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Melodink
<Content>Fantastic Service, Food and location Hotel Degli Orafi, Florence, Italy We had a fantastic stay at the Orafi in an apartment/junior suite. Full kitchen, 2 bedrooms, 2 baths with living room. Very clean and quiet. If you have a student at Kent State University, Florence (Firenze) - this is a perfect location to be near the University and a welcome luxury for the student abroad! The other reviews are accurate for descriptions of the property.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Alison57
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel I just got back from two full weeks at the Degli Orafi in Florence. I picked the hotel from reviews on Trip Advisor and elsewhere. A central location and modern conveniences were most important to me. Most important of all was a room with a view, and I got a room with a view of the Arno and the Ponte Vecchio--just steps away.This hotel is so centrally located that we walked everywhere, even tho I am not much of a walker. This is really important in a densely packed city like Florence. It's not a city for cars or much public transportation. We were next door to the Uffizi and just blocks from every major sight.Because Florence is so crowded, it was a blessed relief to enter our cool, quiet hotel each day, even for a quick wash-up. The building is very historic but was completely re-done a few years ago. It felt new and clean and so had the best of both worlds.There is a fantastic roof-top bar with indoor and outdoor sections--very spacious and full of comfortable chairs and tables. The views are amazing. On one side, you gaze at the Duomo and Palazzo Vecchio; on the other, the Arno and Ponte Vecchio. Light meals are available.The breakfast room has to be the most beautiful in Florence. You feel as if you are eating in one of the galleries at the Uffizi. Vaulted, frescoed ceilings and, at one end, the Arno view again. Service is impeccable with a wide variety of hot and cold choices. Spotless linens are changed quickly and unobtrusively between each set of guests.There is a business center with a computer you have to pay to use. They could definitely use another computer or two but the room is like a large, panelled library, with remains of historic frescoes visible.My room was all I dreamed of. Again, superb service and everything I asked for attended to immediately. Fresh, cool linens changed every day. A small fridge for my juice and other food. A TV with two English-language stations. Nice toiletries and a free paper of my choice each day.The lobby is Italian modern in design, with several comfortable seating areas. The desk was attentive. They were businesslike and professional. I did not notice any rudeness or conflict in the two full weeks I was there but they are not warm and chatty the way we Americans often are.One thing I liked was the mix of nationalities among the guests--American, English, French, German, Italian, etc. I enjoy that when I travel. I don't like big hotels full of tour groups or one nationality only.The Degli Orafi is a fantastic hotel and I strongly recommend it to anyone going to Florence.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>LovesToTravelAround
<Content>Great Location       my room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>nice/taste
<Content>Rude Front Desk The hotel is located in a fabulous location within walking distance to most attractions. It's clean and well kept, however, the weekend front desk is unaccomodating. Upon checking in, we were given two different apartments not a room in the hotel as we had booked which were acceptable. One apartment you had to take two elevators and stairs to get to. It faced scoffolding at the Uffizi Gallery which is being restored (Beware). The other apartment was on the first floor and the air conditioning was turned off at night (very warm - 80 degrees.). The windows couldn't be opened because there was a small courtyard that made it easy for other people to enter our room via the window. Finally, we were given a room in the hotel which was fine. The front desk initially told there weren't any rooms available in the hotel. It's amazing how they can find a room if they want. I wouldn't recommend this hotel because of the problems we incurred.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>1	3	4	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>Oldwhitetraveler
<Content>Good Hotel lacking of Customer Relation we jaust returned from a short trip in Florence and although the Hotel degli Orafi has a magnificient position and lovely rooms is lacking of staff's courtesy.Having the opinion that the customer relation starts on the Front Office and Conciergerie, I must say I was realy disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>DriveMeCrazyinSC
<Content>Perfect location for walking the local sites Europeandestinations.com showed hotels with user reviews and this was high on the list of recommended hotels in Florence...part of our package deal. My 20 year old daughter and I stayed in this hotel for 3 nights..they upgraded us to an apartment for some reason....living/kitchen/dining, king bedroom, bath, entry, etc. Was great, especially after staying n tiny hotel room in Rome for 3 nights. VERY HELPFULL PLEASANT STAFF...advice, restaurant reservations, etc. Breakfast offered was a good variety of foods including some hot items. Top floor bar/rooftop view was great after long day of sightseeing. Right beside the Uffizi, Ponte Vecchio, river, and within walking distance to most other sites, etc. I am not sure about the price/value since this was part of a package deal.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SteveandSonya
<Content>Great Hotel Our travel agent chose this hotel for us and I wasn't expecting anything special - I was wrong. This is a truly wonderful hotel in a great location, just down the street from the Ponte Vecchio. Staff are wonderful and hotel has a lovely quaint feel to it. There are lots of sitting rooms/places to unwind on each floor of the hotel so you don't have to be stuck inside your hotel room. The bar on the top floor is fantastic, great place to relax after a long day sightseeing. Met lots of lovely fellow travellers there and exchanged stories about different places we had visited. Overall felt we could have spent two days inside the hotel and had a lovely time!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeahawkerFan
<Content>More Great Memories at Degli Orafi       View from Degli Orafi  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>luvfrance
<Content>Fabulous Hotel in Great Location! My daughter and I just returned from a wonderful 4 night stay at the Degli Orafi. We LOVED this hotel and it's staff! It is perfectly located for easy walks to everywhere in Florence. Our room was on the second floor and was in a very quiet area of the building. The rooftop terrace was an absolute highlight of our stay here. Massimo and Anna took very good care of us as we enjoyed our drinks, appetizers and views every evening. Some nights we came back after dinner for dessert and wonderful ambience! The breakfast is by far one of the very best I've ever encountered in European hotels. Huge selection and all you can eat. The staff at the front desk (especially Giulio and Christiano)went out of their way to make wonderful restaurant recommendations and sightseeing options. If you can swing it, I highly recommend hiring a car and driver (done through the hotel) to take you to the Tuscan countryside. Another highlight for us! After reading another TA review of this hotel we almost didn't book it because of the comments about the hard beds. (I have a bad back). However, we took a chance and are so thankful that we did. The beds, while firm are not hard. My back actually loved the mattress. In our opinion you can't go wrong by booking here. You'll be glad that you did!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holidayaddictLondon
<Content>Highly Recommend I stayed for 4 nights in June. It is the ideal base for all the sights - everywhere is an easy walk away.Room was adequate on 4th floor (top) with atmospheric viewsover the rooftops.Breakfast served in very attractive character room overlooking the river.The best feature of the hotel was the rooftop bar where light mealswere served. I must commend the bar staff Max and Anna for excellent service in looking after us after a hard days sightseeing.The worst feature of the hotel were the two small lifts - one an antique and one modern but malfunctioning.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ASIAN_HONEY
<Content>HATE IT A really sucky hotel. staffs are not helpfull at all, breakfast sucks. really hard beds. no internet access in your room. only one computer available on their so called business center. this is not a 4 star at all. No 24 hour maid service. lots of mosquitoes. Bad room service.LAZY AND RUDE STAFFS.good location though  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	-1	1	1	

<Author>LuxuryOnABudgetNY
<Content>Decent hotel and a good location We stayed at Degli Orafi for three days in June.I have not had a chance to check the hotel rating system in Italy, but the hotel shows 4-stars in front of the building and on its web site. I usually select 5-star hotels since we usually travel only once or twice a year, but I decided to try Degli Orafi because of the location and I could not find 5-star hotels in top 50 at TripAdvisor for the dates I was looking for while Degli Orafi had great reviews.The hotel is at Ponte Vecchio and Uffizi was just a minute walk. It is a little bit of a walk to the Duomo especially when it is 85F-90F in June in Florence. As a first time traveller, I was looking at hotels like Grand Hotel and Excelsior, but you have to be ready to walk a lot if you decide to stay there and visit the Duomo, Galleria dell'Accademia, etc.For a family of three including a teenager, we reserved a triple room, but the room was smallish compared with other rooms at 5-star hotels we stayed in Siena and Venice and had little space left after with the extra bed in place. We switched to an apartment room in the new tower for 100 euro more. The apartment was on a high floor, duplex and was clean and very spacious. However, they must have made some mistake when they built this apartment tower. As some other reviewers mentioned, you can hear the voice and the television from the adjascent apartment so clearly and loudly (you can hear what they are saying though every word) that if your neighbors are talking or watching TV, there is NO WAY you can sleep. The first night we could not sleep until our neighbors stopped talking around 1:30am. I was ready to switch rooms again or check out, but luckily for us, there was no one staying in the next apartment on the second night and the neighbors went to bed early on third night. It looks like apartments numbers like 41  51 may not have adjacent apartments, and may not have this problem. You should be very careful if you are interested in reserving an apartment at this hotel. The main bathroom in the apartment also lacked any space to put things on. Finally, the room had ample closets but no chest/drawers.Water bottles are free, which is nice. Internet is only available at the lobby, which is very inconvenient when you are accustomed to be able to check travel schedule, etc. in your room.In general, the staff were professional and helpful. However, the concierge could not help with Uffizi reservation saying making a reservation was impossible for the next two days. We decided to stand in line at 8am, and after 45 minutes, we were in. I recommend making a reservation before you come to Florence.We only went to the bar during the day time, but the view was nice. The libary was also quiet and cozy.The concierge recommended and booked us restaurants for all three nights. Every restaurant was decent, but Club Culinario Toscano da Osvaldo was more sophisticated among the three and we really enjoyed the meal there. Ristorante Buca Mario was another one, which was very good but was much bigger, crowded and service was a little slow at times due to big groups. I definitely recommend trying both of them, but especiallay Osvaldo. You cannot easily find the type of Italian food served at these restaurants in NY. Osteria dei Baroncelli was close by, and served basic but decent meal, and the price was much cheaper. The breakfast at the hotel was pretty basic, but the dining room was gorgeous.Overall, Degli Orafi was a very decent hotel and I think it deserves its 4-star rating, but frankly I would advise against staying in an apartment despite the space.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>purplefoxy1
<Content>best bar none in florence We booked in to the Degli Orafi for a treat on our last night in Italy and upon return to Florence (we kicked off trip with two nights at the Globus Hotel before heading to Lake Trasimeno and San Gimignano)We had already visited the hotel the week before to ask that they make dinner reservations for us for the night of our stay, they booked us into the best steak restaurant in town (in the end we arrived a little later at the hotel than expected , cancelled our reservation and headed to a place we'd eaten at on our first night)So to hotelReception: Staff helpful, reception not large or very impressive. In fact walking to the lift I thought 'oh no' due to tacky posters on the walls etc. However upon arrival on our floor we could see it was a bit grander!RoomsWe had what I imagine was a bog standard double: small perfectly formed, good bathroom, loads of towels and a good supply of toiletries , sewing kit etc - a bit of a rarity in italy.Only problem with room (apart from no view!) was no power sockets - could only find one in bathroom , not so convenient for charging PC.Nice touch was the sleepshirts on the bed. Location - what can I say, everything on door step, including great deli if you need a pack lunch etc. Top tip - book tickets for the galleries in advance - queues horrificHotel roof bar - when I think about my week in italy (a wet week in May) I would not trade the hour spent on the roof bar when we arrived at the hotel , sitting in the last of the days sun, sipping a glass of prosecco and munching on the nibbles provided . The roof terrace is tiny - 5 tables each seating 4 max, but it has views out over the Arno in one direction and views of the town hall, doumo and hills in the other. PricelessLikewise our nightcap on the roof terrace was picture perfect too, and surprisingly only 2 other tables taken.On the day of our departure we were scheduled to get a 4pm train so had breakfast in the amazing breakfast room, it was really nice, although not quite the 'american breakfast' i'd been expecting - I wanted pancakes and waffles! but a great start to the day for us. We then went for a walk across the river and up to the Piazzele Michelangiolo as had missed that when we arrived due to bad weather. We then decided to return to the hotel, used our vouchers for the free drink at the roof top bar (you must put drinks on your room - no cash, so once you've checked out not supposed to go back up!) and soaked up our final views of florence before heading away. Overall, the hotel, well the views, were worth every penny and it did feel like a real treat, however important to bear in mind you are paying through the nose for the location and views (which are perfect) our bog standard room was clean and comfy but not super luxurious. BAd point _ we had room 107 which is very close to the breakfast room - even closer to the kitchen - which meant being woken up very early with the sounds of the preparation etc luckily we wanted to wake early but maybe not that early.. something to consider. Overall a night at the defli orafi should be something everyone does in florence - even if it means living 'cheap style' for the day -eating pizza on the go , and avoiding the boutiques. The peace and the views from that roof terrace were to die for, not to mention the jealous looks from all the people walking along when you walk into the hotel!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Italtraveller_8
<Content>Very good hotel in a great location We chose this hotel after spending (too) many hours looking for options. The reason for the stay was a surprise break for my mother's 70th birthday. The whole experience was excellent. Our room was a standard double on the side of the hotel but we asked for, and were given, a complimentary upgrade, for the old lady who got a junior suite overlooking the Arno. There was also complimentary 'champagne' in her room on the day of her birthday.The reception staff could not have done more to be helpful, although we arranged tours etc. via the booking website. The restaurants they recommended were all very good (but don't bother with the trattoria just up the road - which they did not recommend).The rooms were clean and comfortable with linen/towels changed daily with similarly regular re-stocking of the minibar. Breakfast was extensive and the breakfast room very impressive.I travel regularly for business and, while not in the super-luxury bracket, this hotel more than served its purpose and we would not hesitate to recommend it to anyone wanting comfort and convenience.Pros: location, location, location.Cons: lift broke down for a day (but there are two) and the beds are a little firm. The bar has a great view but is quite expensive. Lack of a restaurant can be irritating but the bar does snacks.But for the price and location, it takes some beating. Do yourself a favour and stay there. You are unlikely to be disappointed unless you are unreasonably demanding, in which case you should pay (a lot) more and stay somewhere else. Any reasonable person will love this hotel.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninjaholiday
<Content>Best hotel experience ever I stayed here as the third of five hotels in a trip to Italy on honeymoon. It was by far the best hotel experience I have had and it was all in the small things, from the way the staff fussed over us without managing to intrude, to the quality of the rooms the breakfasts, roof bar, the price of drinks, helpfulness of everyone. The room, including its size, was just amazing and was serviced twice a day, once to clean it and second to get it ready fro you at night. The bathroom was four times the size of my previous hotel. The hotel is 75m from the Ponte Vecchio and is on the middle of everything you need to wander and see, literally 100m from everything. The main Piazzas have all manner and prices and the there is street entertainment that gathers huge crowds and is terrific. I loved Florence and the hotel did nothing but enhance every aspect of my stay.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>cjbtmtfamily
<Content>Perfect hotel for family of 4 Had two rooms (familiy of 4) which were across hall from each other. We were on second floor, never heard much noise from other rooms. I'd say this is a 4 star hotel...staff very helpful in getting us cabs to train station (when it was time to leave), tickets to Uffizzi (we were off season, so we weren't worried about availability), dinner reservations. Staff's english very good. The included breakfast in the morning was delicious...cappuccino was suberb, but then again, rarely do you get a bad meal in Italy. There was tons of food and we could linger as long as we wanted at breakfast. Rooms were of normal size, warm (we could regulate the heat), quiet (we did not overlook the Arno which was fine with us) and the place was very clean. Heated towel rack in bathroom, soaps, shampoo, plenty of towels. No bathtub, but we didn't need one. Shower stall small but fine for us. If you are large, the shower will not fit. Size of bathrooms quite different between two rooms, but even smaller one adequate (had just sink, no counter space for toiletries.) Hairdryer in rooms. Carpet in rooms (which was important to me.) Hallways bright and cheery. Doorbells on rooms I think but not sure. Privacy light exists on rooms, so that when you ask to not be disturbed, a red light illuminates outside door. High tech locks with computer card that must be put in slot in room to keep lights on. TV had a few english stations (we were there during Primary season and were eager for election results.) Location perfect...could walk everywhere quickly and easily and not feel overwhelmed by noise (but then again, it was February and compared to summer, city was VERY VERY quiet.) Loved being next door to Uffizzi. I would stay here again absolutely.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shorerat
<Content>Great location We stayed at degli Orafi for 3 nights. This was our first trip to Florence and thought the location was perfect, between the Ponte Vecchio and the Uffizzi. You always knew your way back to the hotel! We had a spacious two-story room, with a very large and modern bathroom. We didn't like being located on the first floor close to the breakfast room due to the traffic noise, so if possible request a different floor. The breakfast was great though, one of the best we had in Italy, with a very large selection. Also, the breakfast room is beautiful and at one end the tables by the window have a view of the Arno. The rooftop bar is very nice and the bartenders are extremely friendly, especially Massimo. The concierge staff was helpful with restaurant reservations too. Internet service is limited to the second floor library and you must purchase access time.Overall, we would highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again any time we came back to Florence. We loved Florence in general.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tangarini
<Content>Class Act We stayed at this hotel for four nights in the middle of April. What can I say? In short Class Act. We were given a huge room with a view, Room 312. The bed was huge and a matress was just right for us. The bathroom has a twin sink, a large and deep bath tub and a separate room for toilet and bidet. Ammenities were lovely and they gave us new ones every day. The room was just under a private terrace so it was nice and quiet. We were so surprised to find a bottle of champagne waiting in the room. It was a special treat from the management to congratulate us for our 25th anniversary. Also, bottls of water were free and they replenish them every day. When we came back from sight seeing in the evening, we found two sleeping shirts waiting on the bed and the bed was turned in for the night with little cndies and a next day's forecast. This happened every evening. They have comfortable robes and slippers which we enjoyed.The breakfast room is just beautiful and food is very good.All the staff were very friendly and helpful.We highly recommend this hotel to anybody who plans a trip to Florence. We want to go back there just to stay at Degli Orafi.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BWBWOffshore
<Content>Good but some issues Great location.Room 108 has awful noise issues - from the ceiling above (no sound insulation) but mostly through the heating vent, about 4 feet from your headboard - crazy really as the walls are very solid. Woken about 2am by a mans voice and you really thought the person was in the room with you!Management response was poor - basically ' we are full so tough luck'.Staff generally very good but one quite abrupt individual on front desk did not help.Overall good and maybe we were unlucky with the room.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>catpaw
<Content>Great location, great service We stayed at this excellent hotel the first night of an 8 day trip to Florence. We were booking into an apartment for a week beginning the next day, so we used this hotel to bridge the gap. They did far more than that. We arrived at about noon, exhausted from a red-eye flight. They got us right into our rooms and pointed us in the direction of a decent, inexpensive restaurant for lunch. Even though we weren't staying, they booked museum tickets and restaurant reservations for us far beyond our check-out date. One reservation was difficult to get, and they continued trying long after we checked out. The service was phenomenal. The rooms were divine, and so quiet it was easy to sleep. The only complaint I have is that the beds were just slightly too hard for my taste, but others may disagree. I slept anyway, of course, after that flight. The breakfast was included in the price of the room and very very good. Bathrooms were large and lovely. All in all, I would highly recommend this hotel and look forward to my next stay.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mark91
<Content>Excellent hotel, great location We stayed here for three nights in December 2007 and loved it. Our room was spacious and comfortable, and there were some very nice touches (eg free mineral water in the room, replenished every day). The buffet breakfast was very good, and there is a bar with a rooftop terrace - although it was too cold to drink al fresco! The best feature of the hotel, though, is undoubtedly its location - two minutes from the Ponte Vecchio, two minutes in the other direction from the Uffizi Museum. Couldn't recommend this hotel more strongly, and would certainly go back if we return to Florence (which we certainly hope to!)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliam921
<Content>Degli Orafi - A Wonderful Hotel! We stayed at the Degli Orafi for one night in December. It was so wonderful. Great shower and room - bed a bit hard but big. Perfect location and the concierge was super helpful with restaurant recommendations. They made our reservation for the Uffizi and held our baggage after we checked out so we could stay in Florence a bit longer and explore. The breakfast was fantastic and the breakfast room was gorgeous. Try the creme pastries and of course cappucino. I wish we could have stayed longer!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DrRob
<Content>Fabulous stay We stayed at the degli Orafi during our honeymoon in November and had a wonderful stay. The hotel was placed in a great position to see Florence with the Ponte Vecchio less than 100m away and the Uffizi next door. From the hotels roof terrace bar you can see the Duomo and Ponte Vecchio and it鈥檚 a really romantic place to have a quiet drink before going out for the evening.Upon arrival we were greeted with congratulations by the concierge and upgraded to a two tier room with sofas, very large bathroom, upstairs bedroom etc and a bottle of champagne. A fantastic welcome! We had travelled from Rome to Florence and the city did not disappoint. The food and wine in Tuscany was so different and seemed to be up a notch. They really do appreciate dining and make a massive effort. The hotel booked us into a restaurant on our first night and the food was amazing even though we were sneered at for ordering white wine.The city is beautiful and you can easily spend the days in and out of the coffee bars sampling the pastries and hot chocolate before popping into one of the sights or doing some shopping. Everything is close and its worth taking a 30 min walk across the river and up the hill to get fantastic views.On our third day we went on a Chianti Classico wine tour that we had booked prior to departing on the net with Tuscan-wine-tours and had an amazing day with Rebecca the guide, We were the only ones on our group tour as we were out of season so had her all to ourselves and after a stop at a village about 50km out of Florence we were taken to a vineyard to sample their produce and learn about wine making and tasting. For lunch we were taken to a small family owned farm and had a fabulous 3 course homecooked meal in the kitchen next to a fire with 2 bottles of wine. It was one of the best days we have spent together and Rebecca was an amazing guide. We would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>aimt
<Content>Just the best! My son and I arrived in Firenze on Saturday 17 Nov 2007, after somewhat disrupted travel from France, due to a major rail strike in Paris and elsewhere in France. This was the second leg of an European trip, and my first visit to Italy. We had originally booked an apartment at the Orafi, but downsized (by email, and with no problems at all) to a fourth floor twin room overlooking the Arno, after my mother could not accompany us. We came away five days later very happy, and sad to be leaving. The room was great, the view to die for, and with everything so close (and in late November, not plagued by enormous crowds!) we fitted everything in that we wanted to do, including side trips to Fiesole and Asissi.And we just loved the fact that every morning, before the deservedly legendary breakfast, we could look out our windows to the Ponte Vecchio to the right, the Piazza Michelangelo to the left, the Oltrarno straight ahead, and the tantalizing (because we could not get in!) Vasari Corridor just below our windowsills. The sunsets over the Arno were something to be treasured.The only small gripe is that there is not free internet, either in the room, or somewhere in the hotel. With so many hotels now offering this as standard, the Orafi needs to follow suit.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>LAtravellers_7
<Content>Stunning This is a gorgeous hotel! It is located right on the Arno next to the Ponte Vechio and the Uffizi museum. A perfect location. The Accademia museum, the leather market the Piazza Republica, Il Duomo and dozens of other sights are within easy walking distance. We arrived in the afternoon on Friday and asked Micheala the concierge if it would be possible to get tickets to both the Uffizi and the Accademia (both closed on Monday) and we were leaving Tuesday afternoon. An almost impossible task but she pulled it off cheerfully for us. The room was absolutely stunning. We asked for a quiet room so it was away from the river, with a tiny balcony overlooking a side street. It was Beautifully decorated and had a huge bathroom with all the amenities including a dual US/ European electrical outlet! A godsend for recharging camera batteries. Their breakfasts were the most decadently delicious I've ever had. They had great recomendations for everything. Our room was a standard but it would have been a superior or even a Jr suite at most other hotels. And their rooftop bar is the perfect place for a sundowner before walking out to dinner. Not the cheapest hotel we stayed at, but not overpriced either. We feel we got more than our money's worth and would recomend it without reservation. They also kept our luggage for us when we wanted to wander on our last day after we checked out. Really a top notch hotel with a great staff. And the complimentary sleep shirts were a nice touch!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SMathew
<Content>Excellent Hotel!       Breakfast Room  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msserene
<Content>Great little hotel on the Arno River; excellent location We were pleasantly surprised with the Hotel Degli Orafi in Florence. Because the dollar was so weak, we passed on the most expensive hotels and selected the Degli Orafi based on a more reasonable price and good reviews. We're really glad we did. It's a very nice hotel.The location is perfect, right next to the Ponte Vecchio, the River Arno, the Uffizi Museum, the main city plaza, and restaurants, shopping, etc. It was an easy walk to anything we wanted to do. Being right on the river, we had expected a great view as well, but due to the overhead walking area of the Ponte Vecchio, we could only see part of the river. However, the hotel has a roof deck restaurant/bar with fabulous views in several directions, including toward the sunset. The roof restaurant has great lunches, snacks and good wine, etc., with friendly bartender/waiters. We used it many times during our stay. It was a great spot to hang out. The buffet breakfast that came with our room was really good---large tables with lots of food/options, great cappucino, good service. The scrambled eggs were delicious! Our room was large with a sitting area and big windows. It's not the Grand, but it was very nice, clean, and comfortable. The bed was comfy and the bathroom was large enough for both of us---though the shower was quite small. There was a large but cozy library a couple doors from our room with sofas and chairs and computers to use for the internet. Internet access was available in the room, but we had trouble accessing it with our laptop. The front desk staff also acted as concierge staff and were very helpful---some of them more than others---but all were quite friendly. The elevators were slow and adding a couple minutes to the schedule for elevator waiting time just became part of the routine. At the end of the stay, we both got Degli Orafi t-shirts which are really quite nice. We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TravelLadyBoston
<Content>Disappointed with the room and the staff. Overall, we were very disappointed with a number of things with our stay at the Degli Orafi. Thinking of this as a second honeymoon, we had booked a deluxe double with view months in advance. The room looked lovely with chintz and graceful furniture. When we arrived, without explanation, we were taken to a room way in the back of the hotel that looked like an upgraded dorm room with unattractive heavy modern furniture and Escher-type stairs in strange locations (getting to the bathroom in the dark was a dangerous venture). It looked out onto scaffolding and an airshaft. When we asked for an explanation, the staff was indifferent to our not liking the room, since they considered it an upgrade to a two-bedroom suite that normally goes for 500 euros instead of the 380 we had been quoted (they did honor the price booked) and they claimed that it was all they had After having to ask a number of times, they did show us one other room, also with the same kind of furniture and ambience. We were so unhappy with the room that my husband and I spent 陆 day of our well-planned vacation looking for another hotel, but, in high season, this was an impossible task.The staff was competent with things like getting museum tickets, but I would not recommend their restaurant choices or their restaurant booking efforts. They sent us to a touristy restaurant one night and for another called a popular restaurant so late in the day that there were no reservations available (luckily by then we had realized that the staff were not as pro-active as they could be and since we were out about town, we had contacted the restaurant ourselves and did get what we needed). On three separate occasions, they gave me adaptor plugs since I had not brought the right one with me, and each time they did not work. Later they acknowledged that they knew they would not work but never attempted to find one that did. They did fix the door knob when it fell off. They did send two men at different times to help us figure out how to work the safe since the directions were wrong in the room and the desk staff did not know how to work them. Although the hotel has a computer available without a printer, it costs 10 euros/hour to use. They charge the same for wireless which you can only use in that one computer area.There were some bright spots. The bar on the rooftop has lovely views of the Arno and Duomo and the bartenders are very accommodating. The breakfast room is lovely and the food lavish (although the staff could be surly). The hallways are beautifully appointed (we got to know them well since we had such a long walk to our suite). The room we had was well-cleaned and quiet most of the time.The location next to the Uffizi and near the Ponte Vecchio is very convenient. However, it can also have a lot of traffic and is very touristy.Maybe somewhere at this hotel there was a romantic room with a view that would have made us happy. However, I am not sure that this hotel truly understands genuine, good service, regardless of its good surroundings and some of its lovely aspects. It would not be at the top of my list if I were to return to Florence.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jules37
<Content>Best Hotel location in Florence I visited Florence in March and stayed at the Degli Orafi with my friend and we had such a fabulous time I had to come back with my husband in October. On both visits, the Hotel was excellent - lovely clean and spacious rooms, faulous breakfast, friendly and helpful staff and the best, most central location in the heart of Florence. Everything is close by and the staff provide assistance with excursions, restaurant bookings - they will do everything possible to make your stay a good one - nothing is too much trouble, and the views and brilliant service from the bar on the 5th floor was superb - the only problem now is that we have got to return with the children!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Belly2007
<Content>Loved it so much! We loved this hotel! A bit pricey but it felt elegant and homey all at the same time. Located near the river, it is ideally located near the shopping area, and right behind the Uffizi. The staff were very helpful in making reservations for us for museums, restaurants, etc. The hotel has a library where you can read all kinds of novels from classical to bestsellers. Would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>carlotta543
<Content>wonderful stay at hotel degli orafi florence the hotel degli orafi in florence is very central it's beside theuffizi gallery.the hotel staff could not have been more helpful.drinks on the terrace on the 5th floor overlooking theriver arno is a perfect way to end the day.would recommend this hotel  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelnb
<Content>Fabulous Location We stayed here for 4 nights in mid September and were not disappointed. The hotel is lovely, clean and the location fantastic.We were close to everything. We had selected a triple room which ended up being an apartment with 2 rooms and 2 bathrooms which was perfect. The breakfast room was breathtaking and the views from the roof deck beautiful. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone. The staff was for the most part helpful. The front desk a bit harried at times however as Americans we found the Italians to be reserved at all the front desks in all the hotels we have stayed in. They made excellent recommendations for restaurants/trattorias and made reservations for us. We only had one complaint and that was that the walls were thin in our apartment and we could hear those in the room next to us as I am sure they could hear us. But we did not hear any street noise and it was just a little humorous when we heard the man in the next room snoring.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>SharonAJ
<Content>Great location and friendly hotel I chose this hotel mainly due to location as I was taking my Mum who can't walk so far - but it was a great choice alround. We were upgraded to one of the new apartments which was great and the staff were all friendly and helpful. Breakfast is very good and the light snacks in the roof bar are excellent - plus the open terrace is a great location to sit and have a glass of wine and admire the view.Very good location and close to some very good restaurants. Would recommend if you want to be in the heart of the City.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelersf&e
<Content>Lovely small hotel Great small hotel with wonderful friendly service. Sandwiched between the Ponte Vecchio and the Uffizi, along the Arno, it remains amazingly tranquil despite the tourist crammed area. Rooms are beautifully appointed and a good value for the money.Lovely breakfast room overlooking the river and bridge with nice buffet. We would definitely stay here again! Two cautions: if you are arriving by car, be sure to have explicit directions. the one way traffic patterns to the hotel are difficult to navigate (departing is much easier) AND room 108 is lovely, however the ventilation upper loft bed area backs up on a maids' service area and it is difficult to sleep during their early morning preparation and chatter.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bendigedig1
<Content>Would recommend Degli Orafi We stayed at the Degli Orafi in Florence in July 2007 and were impressed from the time the taxi dropped us, off to the check in with Dimitri when he advised us that he was happy to inform us that we had been upgraded to the Junior Suite.The Degli Orafi could not be better located for the main attractions of Florence,the American Bar with its outlook of the Duomo and the Arno and bridge is a great setting for pre dinner drinks and snacks,the restaurant with a great selection for breakfast with that amazing ceiling.Overall the Degli Orafi is a hotel which cannot be faulted for its location and although it has been extended retains its original character and appeal.Keith  WendyLlanelli ,Wales.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>sharongail
<Content>Wonderful Degli Orafi We stayed 3 nights at the Degli Orafi in August and it was just great!! We were greeted in a friendly manner and told we had been upgraded to two suites! My two teenage kids had a two bedroom suite with two baths!! They just loved it, and both rooms had kitchens, living rooms, etc. They were huge! Location is fabulous, being right across from the Ponte Vecchio Bridge and the river. The breakfast was outstanding and was quite gourmet, situated in a beautiful dining room with great service. There is a roottop bar/outdoor patio that is romantic and lovely. We couldn't have been more pleased with this hotel, and for the price, it was very much a good deal. Elegant, modern, clean, great location, great service, excellent breakfast. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sincerelyput
<Content>Superb hotel Everything touted in the hotel's website was accurate. The room was very lovely with a view of the Arno, the breakfast was sumptuous (including halved eggs with caviar), the staff helpful, and the location was perfect. What more could one desire?  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PPAinsworth
<Content>Dellghtful Degli We really liked this hotel, it exuded quality throughout and could not be bettered for position (100mtrs to Ponte Vecchia, 50mtrs to Ufizzi, 5 mins to the excellent Buca Orafi Trattoria). Bedroom was large with small terrace through a french window, bathroom tiled in marble with double handbasins and a shower cubicle. Highly efficient air con throughout, this was a cool hotel despite scorching outside temperatures. Excellent breakfast in an ornate, frescoed ceiling,room. Yes.I can happily endorse this one (unlike our chosen Venice location). The only drawback was the high cost of secure car parking at 105 euros for three days.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Effydog
<Content>Loved the Degli Orafi The Degli Orafi enjoys what I would have to term the best location in Florence. It is directly next to the Ufizzi and one block away from the Ponte Vecchio, with views of the Duomo.As soon as the doors slide open, you know that you are in a special place, with a fragrant large fresh flower arrangement and tastefully appointed but still comfortable lobby.We stayed in their luxury apartments, with a downstairs containing a kitchen complete with plates and cutlery, a dining room with marble table, a living room, a bedroom and bath, and upstairs, a large bedroom and bathroom along with a walk in closet.The only thing that was bothersome was the weak air conditioning on the upper floor of the apartment, which was located on their highest part of the hotel. It could hold the temperature at 24 degree Centigrade, but it could get no colder.The room and hotel was very clean throughout.We liked the thick terrycloth bathrobe and new slippers provided for our use.We had no view to speak of, as we looked out onto a sqaure of other windows like our own. That didn't bother us so much, because we really appreciated the spaciousness of the rooms.There were 3 flat screen TV's located throughout the apartment.Water bottles from the minibar were free, and the breakfast each day (which lasted until 11am), was spectacular, with unusual extras like poached pears, and brie cheese along with the usual compliment of delicious pastries, fruits, eggs, sliced meats and cheeses, cereals, etc.The staff was very helpful and attentive.We would be happy to stay there again..  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>taekwondo1
<Content>Loved the Orafi We had a great time at this hotel. There were nine of us...myself...my two daughters (11 and 9)...my Mom...and my brothers family (three kids 14/11/9). The staff was very helpful...the breakfast was amazing...and the rooms were even more so. We each had suites which were like apartments. My brothers suite had a 12 person dining table...and the suite was so big that the kids played hide and seek!! A truly awesome place!!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gumbytoes
<Content>Loved our stay here We traveled through Italy in June 2007 with our three sons. When we arrived at the Orafi, we were told our rooms had been upgraded to suites. We were pleasantly surprised at the size of these - which were really more like apartments. Our boys had 2 bedrooms and 2 baths, with a living area and kitchen. My husband and I had a large bedroom with a huge bathroom, plus another half bath, sitting room and kitchen. They appeared to have been recently redecorated in a modern style. There wasn't a view at all - the windows looked out into an empty roof area which I can't really explain, but did let in outside light. That was okay with me as I had requested quiet rooms. A view is nice, but not at the expense of sleep from street noise for us light sleepers. The beds are somewhat firm, but this seemed to be the case in the other hotels in Italy, as well. Towel warmers, robes, good bed linens and pillows. We were very pleased overall.The front desk staff was helpful with reservations, summoning taxis, etc., and all spoke English. The breakfast room is beautiful and the food plentiful and varied. The location was suberb as mentioned in previous postings. We enjoyed our 4 nights there.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michaela
<Content>Perfect Choice We stayed 4 nights at the Orafi at the start of June. We booked the actual Room With A View (room 414) from the book/movie of the same name. I was last in Florence 22 years ago, and when I was there then I watched the movie being filmed - so it came full circle for me.We paid E480/night. Expensive but we loved our stay there. The room is not large and there is very little storage (3 tiny drawers in the wardrobe) and simply not much room to spread out. But the patio out the French glass doors of this room is large and beautiful - and you simply can't beat the view! If you don't want to spend alot of money you can also enjoy most of the same view from the patio bar next floor up. The bar has a nice house wine and little bowls of munchies perfect for replenishing yourself after a long day of museums and shopping. The setting of the patio bar feels intimate and special, and it is a nice opportunity to meet other hotel guests from around the world and share stories.My favorite thing about this hotel is the location!! It is adjacent to the Arno by the foot of the Ponte Vecchio, a half a block from the Uffizi and a few minutes walk to what I think is the best piazza in Florence, the Piazza Signoria. I did not stay in the absolute center of things on my last visit and that was a mistake. It is wonderful to be able to pop in to your hotel to drop off packages or freshen up. Our weather was lovely but if you stay in Florence in the summer it can get extremely warm and uncomfortable. You will love that your hotel always seems to be convenient to where you are.My only concern when I booked was that it may be a bit noisy being by the river and the Ponte Vecchio. And the hotel's rooftop bar was above our room. The opposite was true - we could have heard a pin drop! The lungarno is a roofed walkway so the potential noise of all the people below is blocked. And the architecture of the surrounding rooftops and archways bounce the sound away and keep this hotel very quiet. My second favorite thing about this hotel is their breakfast (and the dining room it is served in) and I am not really even a breakfast person. In all of my extensive travels I have never experienced such a full array of wonderful foods as part of a complimentary breakfast. The pastries, the specialty cakes, the eggs, bacon, salmon, salads, fruit, champagne, etc....... was super!I strongly recommend this hotel and will stay here again on my next trip.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Spencer10
<Content>Great Hotel! We were 5 couples from Toronto who stayed at the hotel for two nights after a 12 day cruise. We found the reception desk to be extremely friendly and helpful, the rooms to be very tastefully furnished and the washrooms renovated and bright. The breakfast was beautifully presented and the decor of the ceiling in the breakfast room was exquisite. The robes, slippers, tee shirts awaiting us in our rooms was a welcome surprise as was the welcoming drink at the 5th floor bar and boutique restaurant. The view from the 5th floor over the Arno River was spectacular. The location of the hotel is excellent and we would not hesitate to return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Omar1
<Content>Excellent Hotel This is one of the best hotels we have stayed at. The Degli Orafi has an exceptional location, in front of the Ponte Vecchio and riqht next to Galleria Ufizzi, and five minutes walk from the Duomo. The rooms are big, elegant and comfortable. The breakfast is delicious and the breakfast room is beautiful. The Hotel also has a terrace on the 5th floor overlooking the Duomo and the Arno River. The people at the help desk are very friendly. If we have the fortune to go back to Florence I would definitely stay at the Degli Orafi.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BaxterG
<Content>Beautiful hotel We were very impressed with the accomodation offered by this hotel. The room was immaculate and clean. The room sizes were not overly large, however there are high ceilings. The bathroom was also very nice. The airconditioning works well and most of the staff were very pleasant. The rooftop bar is excellent - great view, wine and snacks. The staff working in the bar are very friendly too.The breakfast was beautiful - great selection and good quality.The location was great - a 2 minute walk to the main square and cross the bridge and there are more shops and restaurants.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>jacefour
<Content>Lovely hotel with a perfect location. Apartments nice option for families We stayed with children for several days in one of the back apartments which I would recomend for familys. The apartments have new furnishings, very ample space and were quiet. You do miss out on the views but the roof garden and the breakfast room are lovely. The staff was for the most part very nice though we did have a rather odd interaction with one of the more chilly individuals at the desk. All said a terrific value , wonderful location and of course spendid views  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>NebraskaTraveler50
<Content>Degli Orafi is adequate. The hotel has a great location, but it faces a busy street and the traffic and human noise makes sleep difficult. Some of the staff is a bit surly. They did not make repairs on our shower when asked. The head just kept falling off. On occasion it was not possible to get the desk staff to answer the phone.The upper floor bar is lovely, great views and the bar staff is very freindly and accomodating. Breakfast was fine. Room was adequate size by European standards. Had the staff been more helpful and the noise been less, the review could have been better. Would we stay there again? Maybe, maybe not.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	5	3	2	1	

<Author>srbjsim
<Content>Neutral Feeling For This Hotel We stayed at this hotel for three nights March 9-12 2007. We had reservations for four nights but decided to leave.after the second night there. We checked in the hotel and was put in one of their luxury apts which we were told was an upgrade. It was very nice but the bed was harder than a board so I had three sleepless nightsat this hotel. I was disappointed because we did not get the hotel room I booked over six months ago. The American breakfast was very good with lots of variety. I fould the hotel staff not very helpful. The bar on the fifth floor had a beautiful view of Florence. I found this hotel to be overly overrated as we stayed 3 days at another hotel in Florence to be much nicer.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>BA-traveler
<Content>Superb in all ways This is an excellent hotel, situated close to the Ponte Vecchio (bridge) and next to the famous Uffizi museum. From the airport there is regular bus service that brings you to the Central Station. From there it is 10-15 minute walk or an 8-10 euro taxi drive to the hotel. From the hotel I could easily walk to all the important spots in Florence.The people at the reception are very friendly and gave me a warm welcome. I was traveling alone and had a single room for a weekend break in January 2007. I had given a room preference for a quiet room and without further asking they corresponded to that and gave me a room on the 4th floor at the back. The room is small and had just a single bed. (I booked my room at the hotel website and is was not nearly half full that weekend in January. It would have been kind if they had upgraded me to a double room, because with such a reservation they don鈥檛 have to pay commission.) The style is luxurious and the furniture is of very good quality. All the ornaments in the bathroom are also top-class, there is only a shower, but it has a bidet and there is a soft and thick bathrobe available. There is a minibar and two bottles or mineral water are complimentary daily.It is a real nice gesture of the management to have already a voucher with your name on it in the room when you arrive. It is for a drink in the bar on the 5th floor. When I went there in the evening I was the only person. (Maybe it is so because the drinks are rather expensive, just a small soft drink costs 4 euro = app. 5.50 US.) The barman is a nice man and he speaks good English.The breakfast is included in the rate and is just superb! A good variety in food and every item is of the highest standards. The breakfast room itself is just stunning! Large beautiful painted plafond (you can see a picture on their website, in real the colors are much brighter), fine looking tiles on the floor and the same colors are used for the walls.For me this was really one of the nicest small hotels in the world where I have stayed. Location couldn鈥檛 have been better, service was excellent, the room, although small, good and the breakfast tasted very delicious. I enjoyed a great weekend!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Dufferin-7
<Content>Simply the best! This is a fabulous hotel in a fabulous location. It has wonderful staff, is immaculately clean and has a wonderful breakfast room. We had to cut our stay short due to a family bereavement but they could not have been more understanding and even gave us complimentary tea when my wife was upset. We look forward to a return visit.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tillyb
<Content>Lovely I have just got back from three nights in this hotel and to be honest I can't fault anything. It is probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in. Sometimes single rooms are a bit lacking compared to other rooms, but this was lovely and still had the bathrobe, slippers and mini bar (with free still and sparkling mineral water - two of each and restocked each day).Breakfast was lovely and the cocktails and pasta in the rooftop bar were also excellent. I don't think there could be a better location in Florence, particularly for someone travelling on their own. Could not recommend highly enough.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CiaoMilano
<Content>Very nice hotel! We stayed this time in December but have stayed here quite happily a number of times before (we live in Milano). It is a beautifully positioned hotel next to the Ponte Vecchio, the Uffizi, lots of shops and most tourist sites. The hotel is as presented on their website. The bathrooms and showers are excellent. Along with their traditional hotel rooms, they also have fully self contained apartments in the hotel which are very nice although modern in style. Every time we have stayed at the hotel the staff have been friendly and attentive and if the price is right we will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rubissaphir
<Content>perfect! we stayed 3 nights at the Degli Orafi in Florence end of december. We choose this hotel because of the good reviews we read on internet. We were not dissapointed. Location is perfect, just 50m from the Ponto Vecchio, rooms big, clean and comfortable, staff friendly and discreet. Great view!They don't have a parking but offer a valet parking which works perfect but is a bit expensive, 30 euros a day. This we found out during our stay.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RJB_SMC
<Content>perfectly sited hotel We stayed for three nights over New Year. Staff were unfailingly helpful even locating a dinner reservation for New Year's Eve which I appreciate is not an easy thing to arrange. We loved the location so very central. rooms clean and well maintained, the shower was an over bath affair but powerful nonethelss.Breakfast was marvellous. The bar staff on the 5th floor were so welcoming and hospitable even went to the trouble of locating the word in a dictionary for us as we striggled with an italian newspaper! We would have loved a river view but I suppose one can't have it all!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>thedavid
<Content>Loved this hotel!! We had a wonderful stay at this hotel. It is perfectly located - on the Arno just steps from the Ponte Vecchio (sp?). The rooms are beautifully appointed. The baths are marble and large. The complimentry breakfast was superb. The property is perfectly maintained - the staff was friendly and helpful. It reminded me of a mini Four Seasons. I would highly recomend this hotel!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Merreis
<Content>Fantastic Experience We heard about the this hotel through hotelchatter and then checked through the TripAdvisor reviews. But since none of the standard travel books listed it, we arrived with some trepidation. It proved to be the find of our entire trip. We figured the only reason it's not a five-star hotel is because it doesn't have a full-service restaurant. Our room was huge, comfy and spotless and the view from the terrace off our room was spectacular. The first evening, our turn-down service came with cotton T-shirts that doubled as night shirts. Breakfast was delicious and huge and the property gave us some great restaurant recommendations too. The rooftop bar boasts the Arno on one side and the dome on the other, with a pianist each evening and complimentary snacks with your drink. We can't say enough positive things about our stay. The Degli Orafi was spectacular!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sdimitri
<Content>Just Perfect! My wife and i travelled to Italy in October for our honeymoon.We stayed in Florence for 5 nights and stayed at the Degli Orafi.What can i say for this hotel?Excellent location, our room (51) was really big and clean. The bathroom was clean and large. We received robes and slippers.They made our room twice a day and every night they gave us a candy with the weather forecast for the next day (this was really helpfull)!People working at the hotel where really friendly and helpful!They booked for us a day trip at siena and saggested a lovely restaurant when we asked them and made a reservation ofcourse.Just perfect!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DMU
<Content>Problems w/ Degli Orafi Great location, right around the corner from the Uffizi. But for a 4-star hotel, you get 2-star service. The front desk couldn't locate our reservation when we arrived and made us wait around for over an hour. A better hotel would have just checked us in w/ our credit card and dealt w/ the hotel voucher on their own time. We asked the front desk to reserve us a table at Trattoria Sostanza the following evening, which they said they would do and that if there was any problem they'd let us know ASAP. Sure enough, when we got to the restaurant, the restaurant manager didn't have our reservation. When we called the hotel to help resolve the issue, the woman who answered the phone was the one who didn't make the reservation and quickly put us on hold. Someone else picked up the phone and said the woman who booked the reservation was not working that evening. (Fortunately, the rest. mgr. took pity on us and gave us a table.) When I asked for a 2nd key, the front desk was experiencing technical difficulty, which I guess never got resolved, since they never provided me a key. We had problems w/ our rooms circuit breaker, b/c the TV and electricity would go out every 10 mins., which was corrected by housekeeping. We stayed there for 3 nights.The upside is that we did get a better room (mainly b/c they ran out of rooms while they made us wait). The hotel housekeeping was quite good.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	1	2	1	

<Author>brierfield
<Content>Loved this Hotel We had a fantastic stay at the Degli Orafi. The room was spacious and spotless and so was the bathroom. We had a walk out balcony which was very nice. Along with the robe and slippers, we also received night shirts to sleep in. We enjoyed the breakfast. Therewas a large selection and even had some hot items (eggs and cooked bacon).The bar on the 5th floor overlooking the city is lovely.We would definitely recommend this hotel and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LancasterTraveler
<Content>Hotel Degli Orafi - perfect location! My wife and I and 2 friends stayed at this lovely hotel while we were in Florence for 4 days.The hotel location is suberb - just steps from the Ponte Vecchio and Uffizi gallery on the Arno river.Our rooms were spacious and clean, the breakfast room was spacious and beautiful and the breakfast was bountiful. Their bar/patio is pleasant with a piano bar and lovely view of the river.Staff was excellent and helpful. This hotel has a perfect location, nice ambience and attentive, caring staff. We highly recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Xochica
<Content>Lovely hotel and location       Breakfast room  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Coco#55
<Content>Gem of a Hotel, But be Aware We recently stayed at this hotel..I booked directly with them and re-confirmed two days prior to arrival and in fact asked them to secure museum vouchers for us and another couple travelling with us,,,so we reserved two rooms. They responded that they were able to get the vouchers and would see us on the 15th. When we arrived they told us that due to the rain storm their computer was knocked out and they lost our reservation, however, they did have the vouchers for the museum. They offered to get us a taxi and take us to another hotel, one that was of the same quality and they would pay the cab and difference in the hotel rate. They said we could come back the next day and they would have rooms for us. The other hotel was convenient to museums, etc...but noisy and we were not happy with it..so the next morning I called and asked them to arrange to pick up our luggage and we would spend the day in town and be at the hotel around 4, to which they agreed. We arrived and our luggage was at the hotel, they gave us two very nice, good size rooms and had champagne waiting in both rooms along with a voucher for a drink at their bar. They appeared to be very gracious and helpful and asked several times if they could do anything further for us. We all loved the hotel and amenities and the breakfast in the morning was one of the best of our trip in Italy. We would go again but be weary of lost reservations, appears they do this often when reading other reviews. The hotel is right next to the Ponte Vecchio and faces the Arno River, at night it was quite and the side street is just lovely. In Florence you are not staying in your room, however, if you want to relax prior to dinner or such, they do have a couple of very nice rooms, one being a library and another a living room type to sit and read or have a drink with friends. The upstairs bar and roof top lounge is also lovely and has wonderful views.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RNRN
<Content>Customer Service not a term they are familiar with We booked our room through a travel agent, paid in advance, had a confimed reservation, and presented a printed copy of our hotel voucher on arrival from USA . We were told that they did not have a reservation in our name, they were fully booked, and a room was not available. After much heated discussion they admitted that due to a computer glitch they lost some reservations and had no way of knowing until the guests arrived what resrevations were lost. They offered to send us elsewhere (unacceptable as we wanted to be in a location convenient to the museum, Ponte Vecchio etc.) and reluctantly gave us a room (broom closet would be a better description). I asked on each day if they wouold accomodate a room change but received the same curt response, No rooms are available. At no time did we feel that they went out of their way to accomodate us and merely took advantage of our situation.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>AngelaofArlington
<Content>A classy, delightful hotel It's a high quality hotel that's more like a 5 star instead its 4-star rating. We visited during our honeymoon and were upgraded to a suite--and received a complimentary bottle of champaigne upon arrival. The rooms are tastefully decorated and neat as a pin clean. The furnishings are relatively new, and the entire property looks like it was recently renovated or refurbished. Staff had good restaurant suggestions, and also reserved our Uffizzi tickets a month prior to our stay. It is located right on the Arno River (a stone's throw from the Uffizi) in a safe part of town. During our 12 day stay in Italy, this was the nicest property we stayed at. Though relatively expensive, in hindsight my husband and I were glad we decided to splurge on this hotel--it was worth it.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weekendtrp
<Content>Loved the room, loved the location My husband and I stayed at the Degli Orafi for three nights and we both agreed that it was our favorite hotel from our ten day trip through Italy. I highly recommend requesting a suite with a kitchenette. I noticed that only one area of the hotel had this type of room, while the other rooms were smaller, more typical hotel-sized rooms. Either way, you can't go wrong as the entire hotel is very clean and nicely decorated. The staff was especially friendly and helpful. We were easily able to arrange for a private driver to take us on a day trip to the country side for a wonderful visit to Siena. If you have the time, it's worth going. The location of this hotel is perfect since it is adjacent to the Ponte Vecchio and a short walk to the Pitti Palance or the Galleria Degli Uffizi. No matter what your shopping interests are, there are tons of choices. Just a few doors over is the Trattoria Ponte Vecchio, which I highly recommend for dinner. If you're timing is right, you might be able to enjoy the owner's beautiful voice while she sings an italian song that will leave you imagining you are at the opera. If you're undecided about where to stay, choose this one.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nikkidog
<Content>Bellisimo!!! We had a wonderful visit in Florence staying at the Degli Orafi! We found the staff to be extremely helpful and friendly. The rooms weren't huge but we didn't expect them to be; the rooms were beautiful though. The bathrooms were all marble and very nice. The location was great, on the river just down from the Ponte Vecchio Bridge. Breakfast was average but everything else made up for it! I would highly recommend it!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kteaches
<Content>Florence Gem After traveling to many wonderful cities in Italy and staying at great hotels we were pleasantly surprised with all the Orafi has to offer. The breakfast was wonderful with the best high quality selection of buffet style choices. The breakfast room was also delightfully beautiful with a museum like elegance. What really surprised us was the outstanding view from the bar of Piazza Senorina illuminated in the evening. To top it off the piano bar music made this an idea way to relax with a glass of Spumante or whatever is your pleasure. The staff while not overly friendly they were helpful if needed. Yes, we too were upgraded and our room was spacious with a view of the Arno. It was also equipped with a full mini bar which we used at our convenience. We would definitely return to this hotel as its location was just an added plus to all of the amenities provided. Call ahead or email the staff and they will reserve your time at the Uffizzi Gallery. This will save you lots of time waiting in long lines and avoid some frustration.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Il0veItaly
<Content>A Perfect Location This was my second time staying at Degli Orafi, and both times I didn't get the View from my room. This time, I made reservation through their web-site and booked Winter Special Rate which was very very reasonable. However, when I walked in the room, it was a dark small (very small) room. I asked front desk if little Larger room is available, he told me I have to pay EUR60 more, so I did.Second room was nice but as I mentioned before, I didn't get any view of anywhere.Breakfast buffet has varieties of hot and cold choice and coffee was very good. (Normally, coffee is not the best at the hotel in Italy)But what's best about this hotel is the location ! You can't find better place than here, if you want to go to Uffizi Museum.If you are going to Florence for special occasion, I strongly suggest to request Room with the View even if you have to pay little more than I did.People at the front desks are helpful but not too friendly. But what do you expect, Florence is a big tourist town.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It ....BUT! Well I thought I had planned this well, and everything was going beautifully until on entering the cool , classy reception area the couple in front of me were informedsorry we have overbooked.Pity I thought but these things happen then I start to get nervous I see the look in the receptionists eyes then the dreaded phrase sorry sir we have overbooked.Now once okay twice is shambolic especially as the other hotel was to put it mildly a dump.However Florence is a beautiful city and on our second day back at the Orafi we were upgraded had a lovely dinner and a night on the house so they did possibly make amends.Just.The hotel location is to die for round the corner from Uffezzi Museum , and amazing street bars and restaurants where people watching is an art form.Hotel was clean,cool ,breakfast is a must and yes the small bar upstairs has amazing views but dont waste your time watching get out there and get amongst it.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mw400
<Content>A very nice, modern hotel in Firenze My wife and I traveled through Italy in early May 2006. We started out in Rome then Firenze (Florence). We stayed at the Degli Orafi hotel [] in Firenze and were impressed with the convenient location, modern, clean and spacious room, wonderful staff and nice Tuscan breakfast - albeit with American accent. The Uffizi museum reservation that the hotel staff made for us before our arrival saved us considerable time not to wait in line. We would definitely stay at Degli Orafi hotel when we return to Firenze.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emma123
<Content>Great Location, Great Room, Loud No, you can't beat the location, right between the Ponte Vecchio and the Uffizi. I booked into a tiny but elegantly appointed single with a large and modern bathroom. Great view over the Arno but wow, is it loud with the windows open. The hotel has a beautiful little bar/restaurant on the roof, with stunning views. Wonderful place to linger over wine or coffee. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tghosh
<Content>Great location The best thing about this hotel is the location. Next door to the Uffizi and Palazzo Vecchio. Just five minutes walk from the Duomo. Its fantastic. As such you can reach most of the major attractions by foot. So far food and shopping is concerned you get lot of options near the hotel. I stayed there with my wife and son in March 2006. We booked one room with extra bed at the hotel, but when we checked in they gave us a two bedroom apartment, which was nice of them. The breakfast was ok, served in a very nice room. We found the staff to be helpful in general. Unfortunately when we checked out we had to deal with one staff who was incompetent and extremely arrogant. He made a mistake in billing but when we pointed out that to him he accused us of giving him wrong information and refused to change the bill since he has already printed it. Although the amount involved was not much his attitude was shocking. Apart from this incident our experience was positive about the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Fully agree with post of 20th March. We stayed for 4 nights last week and had a wonderful time.We booked a standard room at a substantial discount via a web service and cheekily asked for a river view. We arrived to find the not only had they given us a 3rd floor room with full river view but a suite as well!!!!Place was spotless and comfortable - couldnt fault it even if we had paid full price. Has to be one of the hidden gems and location just could not be bettered.Little promoted is a wonderful bar on top floor with stunning views in two directions, after a day walking around, sipping a glass of wine there was a distinct bonus.(Tip - If you are going to Florence and only have limited time remember to get the hotel to book tickets for you for the Uffitzi - even last week 'public' queue was a mile long and peole had to waste their precious time queuing. Hotel booked for us at no charge and no hassle for us.)Support this hotel - such gems are rare - enjoy!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JChua
<Content>A view worth at least a thousand euros! Based on the mostly positive reviews of this hotel in this website, I have given up other more famous hotels like the Grand Villa Medici, Benini Palace, Palazzo Magnani Feroni (where we chose to stay one night before staying at the Degli Orafi) in favour of the Degli Orafi. Fortunately, I wasn't disappointed for two main reasons - the FULL Ponte Vecchio view of our Executive room and the superb Hotel location. Though the room decor was not of my liking (I liked the classical decor more), it was modern, spacious and comfortable enough. The twin beds that we had requested, were as a matter of fact, a little too small for our liking. Luckily, both my mum and I were of the slim built type, thus no problems. Lastly, hated its confusing lifts, its hard to notice when the lifts had finally arrived? You have to look carefully and open two layers of doors, just to get in or out of the elevator! The good thing is almost everyting was provided for in this 4 stars Hotel - bath robes, slippers, brightly lit bathroom, powerful showers, many TV channels, good breakfast with many types of delicious croissants. Loved the breakfast room, with its crystal chandeliers and frescos on the ceiling! But most importantly, they did not overbook themselves as claimed by some earlier posters. But even if they do, I already had plans to stay with the Grand Villa Medici, a member of the Leading Hotels of the World - at the same price, but without such great views and good location the Degli Orafi had offered. It is therefore wise to always have an alternative Hotel in mind - note down their telephone numbers and prices before you depart, just in case. But what is most unforgettable about this hotel is the FULL Ponte Vecchio view we had requested, totally unblocked! We had a room on the 4th floor, overlooking the whole Vasari's corridor, the River Arno, and the Ponte Vecchio. After 10pm each night, you will be mesmerized by lovely live music from the bridge's musicians, what a memory to behold .......Location wise, couldn't be better - it's closest to the Uffizi Gallery, Piazza della Signoria, Sante Croce church, Salvatore Ferragamo branded shopping etc. To cross over to the Oltrarno area, just walk over the old bridge, Ponte Vecchio. And yes, admittedly, this Hotel also offers good value for money in Florence, a city known for its overpriced Hotels. This is especially so in winter, when the Hotel Degli Orafi offers special rates for a limited period only. Stay here, and you will most likely have a pleasant stay in Florence.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>katieself
<Content>Room With A View..The Movie Version I have been visiting Florence for 20 years staying often with friends who live there but on occassion in two hotels near the same location of this hotel, close to the River Arno and the Ponte Vecchio. I love the movie Room With A View and visited this hotel before it closed due to damages when the Uffizi was bombed in 1993. I was pleasantly surprised to find it remodeled and open so booked a room on the spur of the moment on the internet, asking for a room with a view if available. Upon arrival we were upgraded to a larger room with a view of the river and bridge. The hotel is so close to the bridge that at night the sounds of the musician on the bridge wafted into our room. We enjoyed the magnificent ceiling in the breakfast room with the bountiful buffet that included fresh fruit,American style scrambled eggs for those not satisfied with the pastries, and great caffe! The bathroom was floor to ceiling beautiful marble with good lighting. Be sure to stop into the computer room with ancient frescoes revealed during the restoration. This hotel is worth a splurge!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NinaS
<Content>Couldn't have asked for more ! We were absolutely thrilled with this hotel which we stayed at for 4 nights. The Degli Orafi is ideally situated a stone's throw from the Ponte Veccio and the Uffizi, in what was once a convent, then a palace. The breakfast room is in a beautiful room overlooking the Arno, with a superbly painted ceiling. There is no restaurant at the hotel (who would want one when there are so many different places to try in the old city?) but there is a bar and terrace on the top floor with lovely views - and you will get a free welcome drink there too ! I don't know whether it is now hotel policy, but like other reviewers we got an upgrade to a suite with a terrace and views - and we had shopped around on the internet for the hotel so we got it at a really good price too (about the same rate as pensions much further out of the city centre).  
<Date>Feb 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>NYVMAN
<Content>A great Hotel with a great location We stayed in this hotel for 3 nights. The room was booked by our agent. They were overbooked, so we were given a luxury apartment with one bedrooms, a seperate living room, kitchen and top-story views instead of our single king bedroom request. The location is fantastic. The room, the bathroom were very clean, the cleanliness for us is extremely important and this was the best in all our trip. The breakfast was excellent specially considering the breakfast standard and choices in other Italy locations and hotels, the breakfast room was grand. The staff were excellent very friendly, very helpful, over all very positive experience. I will strongly recommend it to my friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SophieConcord
<Content>Degli Orafi centrally located and good We enjoyed the Hotel Degli Orafi and its central location. They were overbooked, we think so we were given a luxury apartment with two bedrooms,living room, kitchen and top-story views instead of our single king bedroom request. Very nice bedding and baths, terrific breakfast buffet in centuries- old ballroom with view of the Arno. Great location and nice staff.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jo21summer
<Content>Heaven       the roof bar  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travellingfamilySF
<Content>Orafi is a first class hotel My family stayed at the Orafi hotel in June and it was wonderful. I would recommend it for anyone who goes to Florence. We were upgraded upon arrival to a suite which was huge especially by european standards. The beds and bathrooms were first class and we even got a t-shirt with the hotel logo upon our arrival. My girls had a balcony with their room that faced a small alley street and was great to sit and just relax or have a lite lunch. And the location is excellent-it is right near the Uffizi and Ponte Vecchio. They had a wonderful breakfast spread with nice views of the river. The rooftop view was a wonderful place to go with a group of people to just talk. The staff was very professional. The only drawback to the hotel are the prices-snacks on the rooftop were not cheap and the internet usage was really expensive and we had to book two rooms instead of one when we could have stayed in one. My kids luckily were old enough to stay alone (10  12) which they loved, but it was because they didn't have to pay for the room which was not cheap. But it was 5 star quality without the 5 star price.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Flunie
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel in Florence My wife and I and two other couples stayed at the Degli Orafi in September prior to embarking on a cycling trip in Southern Tuscany with Backroads (See Trip Advisor under Backroads if interested to know about the cycling trip). First off, I had made all the reservations since I speak Italian. Upon arrival, I announce myself and present an e-mail with my reservation confirmation. The front desk chap looks at me funny, goes back into his office for a minute, then comes back and says, your reservation was for last night! My face turns white as I realize I screwed up the date due to the change in day from travelling overnight from North America to Europe. The manager sees my distress and says Tranquillo, meaning chill, Dude in Italian. They had a last minute cancellation and were able to accomodate us. As it happens, he gave my wife and I a room that was really an entire 2000 s.f. apartment! It was brand-new and massive. Two entire bedrooms, each with en-suite. A full living room, dining room, I mean over-the top ridiculous, all for the 300 Euro rate I had booked at. Needless to say, I was extremely grateful that we had any rooms at all on a busy Saturday night at the height of the tourist season in Florence. Aside from this, it's really a marvellous choice for a hotel. First of all, it's located dead-centre in the heart of Florence, right near the Ponte Vecchio and the Uffizi. You could not ask for a better location. The rooms are modern, pretty, and it definitely has a boutique feel. The breakfast room is beautiful, and they give you a full breakfast. Really, a wonderful place to stay in a wonderful city, in a wonderful country.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bonstar
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! Just returned from Italy where we spent 3 nights in Rome, 2 in Florence and 2 in Venice. Degli Orafi was the best of all the hotels. Perfect location and beautiful bedrooms and bathroom. Another poster said the bathrooms were small...we were in Rm 202 and our bathroom and bedroom was HUGE. If (and when) we return to Venice, we will certainly stay at this hotel again! Rooftop garden and beautiful breakfast room are great touches.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tirggel
<Content>Our rescue We were on a cruise for the first time. Along the coats of southern France and Italy. We found it horrible, so we decided to escape. We left the ship at a port in Tuscany and took a train to Florence (whereas the ship was heading southwards). Of course, we hadn't had time to figure out where to stay. I know Florence quite well from previous stays, but hotels are changing... Anyway, we found the Degli Orafi just walking about and liked it at first sight. What a difference to that ship! Even though Florence was extremely crowded with tourists, we still got a nice room in the Degli Orafi, and the staff were extremely friendly. Real warm hospitality, something we had never experienced on the ship. The free welcome drink on the rooftop was the perfect beginning of a very nice stay. The breakfast was just wonderful. We could really recover from the ship-trauma. I would certainly stay at the Degli Orafi again, although Florence is too touristy to my taste. I would rather go Rome or Naples or Lecce in the deep south. Would be nice, if there were a hotel like the Degli Orafi, too.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelerMelbourne
<Content>Delightful hotel, wonderful location Superb hotel at a great location, stone's throw from Ponte Vecchio  Uffizzi Gallery. Greeted by name by reception staff on arrival. Small but more than adequate modernised room with temperature control  double glazed windows. Excellent breakfast room and buffet. Free bottled water daily. Wonderful rooftop bar and views of the Arno  Duomo. Courteous staff. Well done!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>this hotel is a keeper Staying at Hotel Degli Orafi was a memorable experience. In the spring semester of 2004, I was studying abroad in a college program in Toscana, and when my family came to visit, we stayed in Firenze at this great hotel for several nights during the Easter holidays. It's located right in the thick of things, near the Ponte Vecchio and Uffizi Gallery, which is handy. The walk to or from the train station is kind of long, so if you have a lot of luggage, take a taxi and save yourself the pain of struggling across the city amidst throngs of tourists.The staff at Degli Orafi were so attentive, and spent a lot of time conversing with us and giving us itinerary suggestions. The breakfast spread was fantastic, and the breakfast room was painted to have a ceiling like the Sistine Chapel's. The bathrooms were spacious and had authentic marble paneling. The only downside was that the rooms often had a somewhat curious odor. When we opened the windows, the rooms' scent usually improved. On a side note, after our trip was over and I returned to Arezzo, where I was studying, I realized I had left my cell phone charger behind. I e-mailed the staff at the hotel, and they kindly and promptly mailed it to me right away. What service!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Robert-J
<Content>Fine Hotel, great location My wife and I have returned this week from a very pleasant holiday at the Degli Orafi Hotel. Our room (402) had superb views of the River Arno and the Ponte Vecchio and was well appointed and a reasonable size. The bathroom was a little small and only had a shower but otherwise was adequate. The only drawback was a certain amount of street noise reached us on the 4th floor, particularly when ambulances and police raced past with sirens blairing and on Friday and Saturday night when late night revellers kept us awake a little.A complimentary Prosecco in the bar on our first evening encouraged us to go back every night to this 5th floor bar with great views of the Duomo in one direction and the R. Arno in the other. Every evening we had a free plate of little crostini and bowls of crisps, nuts etc with our drinks so were pleased that after 6 nights our bar bill came to only 52 euros which we thought very reasonable.A delightful breakfast room with an excellent breakfast started the day well. Lots of choices - help yourself to scrambled eggs and bacon if that is your taste or feast on smoked salmon and pleasant local cheeses or slim on fresh fruit.I am surprised at previous comments about snooty or condescending staff as I though they were all very pleasant and helpful - booking taxis and restaurant tables cheerfully. It probably helps if you can speak a few words of Italian though even the chamber maids spoke English happily.We would certainly return here for another holiday as we thought it good value for money.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Famiilytrav
<Content>Orafi, OK, but better places to stay We spent a weekend there in August. It is well located with modern rooms and bathrooms with lots of amenities. The breakfast was wonderful and served in a lovely room. A Room with a View was filmed at the hotel (not written there as another traveler suggested). We found the staff to be snooty and condescending. We paid more than $250/night for a standard room. We also stayed at the Antica Torre del via Tornabuoni and thought it was a much better value.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bcqueen
<Content>perfect hotel in florence staying in an unfarmilar hotel is always a gamble but in the case of the degli orafi hotel it was a winner. we stayed at the degli orafi for five days in june with another couple and we were all very happy with our choice of hotels. the location was perfect, the staff was wonderful and our room was more than we expected. our favorite part of the day was the beautiful breakfast served in a spectacular redone ballroom over looking the river.we stayed at the excelsor last time for twice the price but found the degli our favorite hotel in florence.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>holidaysforme
<Content>An excellent stay My wife and I spent the first week in July at this hotel and it was an excellent stay. The location is perfect. The room was very clean and well serviced by the maid. All of the staff were very friendly and curteous. There was a wide choice of food for breakfast. At the top of the hotel on the 5th floor was a bar where you could sit either inside or outside with a view on one side of the rooftops and the Duomo or, on the other side - the river and the Ponte Veccio. If you didnt want to eat out in the town, the bar provided a menu of small meals (lassagne etc). An excellent place to chill out either after going out for a meal or , after a torrid day shopping :O). I would certainly stay at this hotel again if we ever go back to Florence.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Room with a View We spent three days in this beautiful hotel (following TripAdvisor recommendations) in June of 2005. What a gem! I would highly recommend the Hotel degli Orafi for the following five reasons:1. The hotel is centrally located, fifty yards from the Ponte Vecchio and another fifty yards (in the other direction) from the Galleria degli Uffizi. I would suggest you get rid of your car, as soon as you reach the hotel.2. You save on reservations. Rather than make reservations for the Galleria degli Uffizi, my wife and I alternated standing in line (around 7am) and having breakfast at the hotel and got into the museum as soon as it opened at 8:15am. Breakfast, by the way, is served in a beautifully renovated room with fresco-like paintings.3. The room was clean and updated. The service staff helpful with recommendations, booking and creative assistance for short-term parking.4. If you have a chance, request the 鈥渞oom with a view鈥?(room 414). It is the room that was used for the movie with the same name. It is the only room with a balcony and well worth the additional charge. I can鈥檛 wait to go back鈥?br/>5. Each guest gets free t-shirt :-)In concurrence with some other comments, I would recommend to double-check your (on-line) booking per phone before you leave.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lcolburn
<Content>Degli Orafi- perfecto! The degli Orafi was our favorite hotel in our travels in Italy. The location is perfect, rooms are great and the staff is very helpful. I would definitely return and recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PortiaAnn
<Content>5***** Hotel degli Orafi, Florence Italy Just returned from a three night stay at the Degli Orafi. Excellent location, next to the Uffizi, short walk to the Ponte Vecchio. The hotel is situated above the Vasari Corridor on the Arno River. What views! We were lucky to get a room with a view (ask, can't quarantee). EM Forster wrote his novel A Room with a View here. Besides the wonderful views, the hotel is absolutely immaculate!!! The breakfast was the best in Italy. It included salmon, scrambled eggs, bacon, fresh fruits, yogurts, etc. Delicious. And the dining room itself is a work of art, you will marvel at the ceiling. Nice touches - turn down service with chocolate and complimentary night shirt; slippers and bathrobes were also provided. No complaints here, friendly helpful staff. Will definitely return. Next to the hotel is the Trattoria Ponte Vechhio-delicious food, friendly host; ate there twice. Skip the lines at the Uffizi and go to the Bargello and the Pitti Palace - a must, with so much more to offer than the Uffizi.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel We selected the Degli Orafi based on numerous other positive Trip Advisor reviews. Happy to report our three-night stay, in mid May, amply met our expectations. This is a delightful, small four star hotel with a friendly and helpful staff. Ideally located, our attractive, well-appointed room was small by American standards, but that is the norm throughout Europe when staying in converted historic buildings. The hotel provides lovely five-star type touches such as complimentary evening hors d'oeuvres at the gorgeous roof-top terrace bar and first night maid turn-down service came complete with chocolates, next day weather report and two good night, ribbon-wrapped Degli Orafi T-shirts. As noted, the breakfast selections are plentiful and delicious. While not a budget hotel, the Degli Orafi is a good value. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay, are looking forward to returning and would highly recommend the hotel.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cheryl230
<Content>Hotel degli Orafi Perfect Location! Around the corner of the Ponte Vecchio Bridge and the Uffisi Gallery. You can walk anywhere and your walk is always scenic.The staff are very accommodating and speak English. You get a special surprise the first night you are there. The best breakfast we had on our Italian trip. It included scrambled eggs and bacon. We never could get lost because we just always headed towards the Ponte Vecchio Bridge which is awesome for scenery and beautiful jewelry. I highly recommend this very classy hotel.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful My girlfriend and I spent three wonderful nights at this hotel in May of 2004. You feel the history of the place the moment you walk in. Staff were always friendly and extremely helpful. Our room was spacious and immaculately clean with the bathroom offering a shower and full size tub. The breakfast buffet was first class and served in a dining room ornately adorned. The hotels location is absolutely perfect...right around the corner from the Uffizi and a very short stroll to the Ponte Vecchio. Don't miss the rooftop bar / patio. It offers great views of the Arno River, Duomo and Palazzo Vecchio. Taking everything into consideration, I can't imagine a better hotel in Florence than the Degli Orafi.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hokie9
<Content>Perfect I have been to Florence 10 times and this is the best place I have stayed. It is the perfect location. If you love art it is right next to everything. The rooms are lovely . We had a room without a view and it was great. Who needs a view. (If you are sitting in your room in Florence you are pathetic.) Best breakfast in Europe. The front desk people are very nice. There is one old man who needs to loosen up a bit-- the other workers are awesome.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Kiralou22
<Content>Double-Booked??? A couple of months ago, I booked a Room with a View at the Degli Orafi for several nights on the Hotel's own website for the first week in June. I just got an email a few days ago from the hotel stating that their internet programming software had mistakenly booked the same room twice and that they were offering me a different room but no longer with any view. After reading some of the overbooking comments, I'm now wondering whether there truly was a booking error or not. I'm still deciding whether to accept another room with them or not.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>G1226
<Content>Lovely hotel,great location This hotel was absolutely beautiful. From the beautiful flowers in the lobby to the breakfast room with paintings on the ceiling, it could not have been lovelier. The rooms are large and have large bathrooms with marble floors. They include terry robes and slippers. The breakfast was elaborate and delicious and the location of the hotel is very central. The staff was very efficient and helpful.This hotel definitley helped to make our stay in Florence a great one.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost perfect; but check your bill. After reading all the good advice in Tripadvisor about the degli Orafi hotel in Florence we stayed there for 4 nights in march 2005. It lived up to all our expectations. Ideally situated next to the ponte Vecchio, we had a room with terrace overlooking the Arno, which was very quite at night. We arrived by car, no problem negotiating the old city even though it is traffic free, as the hotel notify the polce by computer. It was taken by valet service to a secure garage; 32 Euro per day. The hotel has recently been renovated and is in pristine condition. The better rooms have views over the Arno or the Duomo. Some rooms only have showers. Very comfortable large firm beds, and all the linen is changed daily. There is a bar and terrace on the roof with stupendous views, which also serves light meals. The concierges all speak English and are very helpful suggesting where to eat and booking museums and galleries. The breakfast buffet, in a centuries old ballroom, is outstanding. The hotel has great character, and for us was almost perfect. The only snag was the account which I settled in Euros with Visa. Somehow they billed my Visa account in English pounds without showing the conversion rate. Comparing the rate with all the other bills we paid on this trip, they effectively added a surcharge of about 3%. Quite hefty on this sort of bill. I contacted Visa and they said that some hotels and outlets are now doing this, and applying the worst tourist rate. Apparently it is legal. The only possible way to get billed in the currency you want is to discuss it at the time; or pay cash.I have e mailed the hotel about this, but they have not replied.So an almost perfect hotel with a bitter sweet aftertaste.Would we go again? We would like to, but would pay cash.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Toonces
<Content>Be careful; they overbook, then bump We made and pre-paid for reservations at the Degli Orafi three months prior to arrival date (Feb 25, 2005) for a four night stay. We reconfirmed them the week prior just to prevent problems of this sort, and were looking forward to staying in a hotel so highly recommended on tripadvisor. Upon attempted check-in, we were told by Sylvia at the front desk that the hotel had overbooked themselves and had made us reservations to stay at the Principe Hotel about 3/4 mile away from the city center. Also, they had no record of our payment, which had been made through Travelocity. Luckily we are compulsive record keepers and had all confirmation emails and payment receipts with us. We couldn't believe this was happening to us, but had no choice, and were taken by taxi (at the hotel's expense, I must say) to the Principe, which was shabby genteel, but too far away to make walking everywhere very practical. Fortunately my daughter is pro-active and negotiated a deal with the manager of the luxurious, centrally located Hotel Pierre for us to stay there the remaining three nights of our stay, for the same amount of money agreed upon and transferred from the Degli Orafi. I think he felt sorry for us. We wouldn't have been so lucky if it had been during high season. We were told by hotel personnel there that the Degli Orafi frequently overbooks tourists.The Degli Orafi may be a great hotel, but we didn't get the chance to find out, in spite of all our careful planning. This was the only hotel problem we had during a two week, meticulously planned, five hotel trip to Italy.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great small gem in Florence March 16, 2005We just returned from a 4 night stay in Florence at this beautiful Hotel. The location was perfect, right on the Arno river, next door to the Uffizi Museum. We had a beautiful executive double room with a view of the river. The room was exceptionally large and very clean with a bathroom which had all the amenities. The hotel staff was super, always smiling and we felt very welcomed. Breakfast in the beautiful dining room couldn't have been better, a large buffet that kept us well feed until dinner time, and if we wanted breakfast served in the room that was also possible for an additonal 5 euro a person. I would recommend this hotel highly to anyone planning a trip to Florence. We have stayed in 5 star hotels in Florence and this would be considered an equal experience. Bravo!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>albertine
<Content>A peaceful cosy base Degli Orafi was a welcoming and thankfully cosy base to explore an unseasonably chilly Florence in early March. We were greeted the first morning by the sight of a blizzard over the Arno from the breakfast table. The staff were helpful and friendly, and the rooms were absolutely immaculate. The rooftop bar was very quiet but the bar tender always super professional - the views are spectacular - it must be even more beautiful in summer. We got a very good deal directly from the hotel so it is worth emailing or calling to ask.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Travel Agent Traveler
<Content>Perfect Florence Hotel As a travel agent, I escorted a large group of high school students and adults who spent 3 nights at the Degli Orafi in February, 2005. I am sure this hotel does not get many student groups, yet the service from the staff could not have been more helpful or professional. The hotel is in a superb location, adjacent to the Ponte Vecchio and the Uffizi Gallery, and a short walk from all the major Florentine sights. People with walking difficulties should note that some rooms require the use of stairs - so, it is important to make sure yours does not when you check-in. The rooms vary in size, are charming, and are kept very clean. The bathroom amenities are comprehenisve and of high quality. The views vary, so if you want a full view of the Arno and the bridge, you must specifically request it when you make your reservation. As you can imagine, these rooms command a higher price than the non-view rooms. As was cited by other reviewers, the breakfast room is very elegant and dining in it makes a wonderful start to the day. The breakfast is quite complete and beautifully presented. I do wish the TV offered English language stations other than CNN and Sky News but, hey, you're not in FLorence to watch TV anyway. My stay happened to fall during a period of dreadful, cold, snowy weather, so I was in my room more than I would have liked. I have stayed in Florence many, many times and this is the best hotel I have encountered for the price and the location. Do give it a try.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value Have stayed here twice in the past two months. The Degli Orafi is in a perfect location, right next to the bridge and wonderful shopping area. It has one of the best breakfasts available in all of Italy! They go beyond the traditional continental fare to include hot items like scrambled eggs, toast and bacon. The rooms are spotless, nicely decorated, and very reasonably priced. This hotel is the best value for your money in Florence and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Hotel Overlooking the Arno. We have just arrived back from from a two night trip to Florence. The weather was absolutely freezing cold...I mean, thermal underwear freezing! This freak weather did not spoil the holiday one bit. The holiday was made perfect by our stay at wonderful Degli Orafi. We arrived late at night, to be met with a friendly smile by the receptionist. All the recption staff were equally professional and incredibly helpful-nothing was too much trouble.The room we were allocated had a beautiful view over the River Arno and the Ponte Vecchio. The room was very large for an Italian hotel room, and the furnishings were both tasteful and full of character. The bathroom was marble and spotlessly clean.The hotel has an old fashioned wooden lift by the reception, which is surrounded by glass and adds character. This lift is only large enough for two or three people, but is charming. There is another lift. The hotel only has around 45 rooms, and at no time did we feel as if it was crowded. The breakfast room is very ornate with a fantastic ceiling.We found that the hotel itself had better prices for the rooms than any of the booking agents commonly used, so it is worth checking the hotels web site for special deals.If we go back to Florence one day, we will head straight for the Hotel Degli Orafi. I would thoughroughly recommend this hotel...it is a gem.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>marlaNY
<Content>What a beautiful hotel! Our four nights at Hotel Degli Orafi were picture perfect. The staff was charming and helpful; the rooms large and beautifully appointed and the setting magical. Our two rooms on the second floor adjoined a beautiful library; the ceiling in the breakfast room transported you to old Firenze. The breakfast buffet was beautifully presented - and included smoked salmon! My family can't wait to return!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!! Fantastic hotel. Excellent location, right on the banks of the Arno, merely steps from the Ufizzi. Very friendly and helpful staff, lovely rooms - very bright and airy. Wonderful rooftop bar from which you can see the Duomo. The breakfast room is beautiful - 19th Century frescoes on the ceiling. I would thoroughly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enchanting   showReview(2782849, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful!   showReview(2611518, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly Superior   showReview(2584584, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lynnelen
<Content>Fantastic--made Florence that much better!   showReview(2483185, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievably Perfect   showReview(2448715, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>QCLou
<Content>it was absoultely wonderful   showReview(2286861, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A perfect hotel in my favorite city !   showReview(2263944, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Spensworld
<Content>Dress for breakfast as you would for dinner   showReview(2223922, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjm629
<Content>A perfect stay   showReview(2172903, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely perfect!   showReview(1430300, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Girardon
<Content>Suite Extraordinaire !       vue depuis le bar  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon accueil. le staff est...   showReview(22864141, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>delmopacs
<Content>Un hotel con detalles   showReview(21823161, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Je me suis rendu 脿 Florene avec...   showReview(21836878, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Situaci贸n inmejorable. volver铆a...   showReview(21836877, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bonjour,tr猫s bel accueil! belle...   showReview(21214697, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El personal que atiende en el...   showReview(20770129, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>megujino
<Content>銈︺儠銈ｃ儍銉勩偅缇庤椁ㄣ伄闅?#x201d;       銉涖儐銉亱銈夈伄鐪恒倎  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Titi80
<Content>Genial   showReview(19932687, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銇淬倛銇?> 銇淬倛銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銉濄兂銉嗐儥銉冦偔銈伄鍎泤銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19709307, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La situaci贸n del hotel es...   showReview(20237774, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FLORENCEGenech
<Content>H么tel exceptionnel   showReview(15450354, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sans augmentation de prix nous...   showReview(16726643, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎯冲儚浠ヤ笂銇礌鏅淬倝銇椼亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚锛侊紒   showReview(19168440, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Simpatia cordialita...   showReview(13548532, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>脠 un hotel da sogno!   showReview(12778915, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Juan5
<Content>splendida vista troppo caro   showReview(11422323, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儊銈炽儫閫氥倞銇с仐銇燂紒   showReview(19166550, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pibl0
<Content>Fant谩stico hotel y ubicaci贸n   showReview(8611844, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pas facile d'acces la premiere...   showReview(11395007, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sono stato a Firenze 4 gg. con...   showReview(11395008, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍伆銈夈仐銇勩€€銉涖儐銉仹...   showReview(21802831, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Inoubliable   showReview(11395009, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BOLLITO
<Content>El encanto de Florencia y la maravilla del Hotel Degli Orafi   showReview(7635379, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺儠銉冦儎銈ｇ編琛撻え銇仚銇愯繎銇忋兓鏈濋銇仚銇般倝銇椼亜   showReview(19161101, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Emplacement exceptionnel...   showReview(12648517, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel magnifiquement plac茅 ou...   showReview(11395004, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偣銈广儭銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19160616, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel tr猫s agr茅able, tr猫s bien...   showReview(11395005, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>alilly06
<Content>excellent emplacement et service   showReview(7011390, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>viajeradelsur
<Content>El mejor hotel en el que hemos estado nunca       sala de desayunos -preciosa-  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel posto in una deliziosa...   showReview(11395006, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傘仺銇︺倐銈偣銈广儭...   showReview(21801406, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲跺銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(19158243, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛滅珛鍦帮紴鈼庯紨锛忥紥锛?..   showReview(21801076, 'full');   
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儊銈炽儫閫氥倞锛?#x201d;   showReview(19157358, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>灞呭績鍦般伄銈堛亜銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19157277, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione splendida, ottima...   showReview(11395010, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>El Hotel nos ha parecido...   showReview(11395011, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仚銆傜殕銇曘倱銇偑銈广偣銉?#x201d;   showReview(19156529, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇壇銇勯儴灞嬨伀銇硦銇俱倢銇亜   showReview(19156469, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room with a View?   showReview(4300628, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚   showReview(19155953, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇欍仸銇嶃仹銇欍€傘儛銈广儷銉笺儬銈傘亶銈屻亜銆佺刀瀵俱亰鍕с倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19155945, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨仾銈娿偑銈广偣銉°仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19155063, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偣銈广儭銇с仚   showReview(19154828, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨仾銈娿偑銈广偣銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929854, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

