<Author>bensmom20
<Content>Lovely Hotel, Great Location       sitting area  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ontheotherside
<Content>Elegant and well-located       Villa Florence - bedroom with Queen size bed in the back of the building  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>krisgia
<Content>Superb location I have stayed at the Villa Florence twice now with about a ten year gap between my stays. The location cannot be beat. The nice thing is you can book an inside room so you can actually sleep away from the hustle and bustle of Powell Street, and yet you can step outside of the lobby right next to a lively corner of Union Square. Check in was quick and efficient; we were able to get into our room at 11:15. We had a junior suite which was spacious. The bathrooms aren't that large, but it is an older building. The amenities were all updated. There was a nicely stocked mini bar. The bath products were nice, and there was great water pressure in the shower. The room was clean and reminiscent of an Italian villa. The lobby had nice seating areas. Besides having Kuleto's, a full restaurant, there is Bar Norcini which serves wine, panini, pastries, and coffee. Check out was also smooth. The only delay we had was the retrieval of our car from valet parking because the lot is offsite. I will definitely be back to the Villa Florence.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>4Vacation
<Content>A Great Place We just stayed at The Villa Florence this last weekend with friends for a birthday get away and had a great time. The Hotel Staff are very accomodating, the rooms are very nice, and of course the Hotel's location is right at the hustle and bustle of Union Square - We will be back  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>theallens04
<Content>What a Jewel in the Middle of SF I stayed in Villa Florence for two nights. I have been to SF numerous times and have stayed at all the big name hotels, but none of them come close to Villa Florence. The room was clean and spacious. There was 40inch+ flar screen in the room, an iHome for my iPod, and a DVD player. This hotel is on Powel Street where the cable cars run, but my room was on the inside and I didn't hea a thing. When I arrived, there were complimentary treats in my room with a welcome note. That was a real classy touch. There is also a great restaurant in the lobby called Kuletos. walking distance to public transportation, union square, and SF shopping center. I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianMountie
<Content>Lovely hotel in an awesome location -great location-stayed in a nice sized room; room730 inside room, spacious, very quiet...recommenedLocation: steps to the Powell/Mkt Cable Car turnaround, and right around the corner from beautiful Union Square. Shopping is right there...don't think there's a betterRecommend an inside room, much more quieter.Bar Norcini and Kutelo's restaurant are right in the lobby..very convenient.Service: front desk is extremely helpful and calls you by name...give them top marks for their friendliness and making us always feel very welcome and part of their hotel family.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>malimba
<Content>Villa Florence was great! My husband and I just returned from a short getaway trip to San Francisco. I booked our stay through Expedia and chose Villa Florence for its location and its pet policy (no added fee!), since our Jack Russell terrier accompanied us on our trip. The hotel let us check into our room early (check-in is at 3 pm), even though I only called them 30 minutes before we arrived. They also honored my request for a quiet, pet-friendly room at the last minute when I wrongfully assumed that Expedia would pass on our special requests. We were warmly welcomed by the staff, and our anxious dog, who is not exactly a city dog and was overwhelmed with all the hustle and bustle, was met with smiles and welcome petting. (Every time we went in and out of the hotel, we, including our dog, were greeted warmly by the staff.) Our standard king room was not exactly gigantic, but large enough for us and was well-decorated and clean. The bathroom is small but quite functional and had great products from Lather. My husband was happy to see the large flat screen tv and the ipod ready sound system in the room. The linens on the bed were soft and the feather bed quite comfortable. The room itself was an interior room with no view, which was good for us since it got quite noisy at night from the busy streets below. On Friday night, we heard the faint thumping bass from a nearby club but not so loud that we couldn't sleep. We had breakfast at the attached restaurant, Kuleto's, on our final day, and it was reasonably priced (compared to everything else in San Francisco) and very tasty. The cable cars run right in front of the hotel on Powell Street and the Bart/Muni station is just 2 blocks down, so transportation was no problem at all. The only negative I would say about our stay was the lack of nearby parks to take our dog. Union Square, even with its grassy area, wasn't exactly an ideal place for our dog. Overall, I would recommend Villa Florence for its friendly service, clean and comfortable accomodations and its proximity to everything. We had a great time!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>MickeyMouse91
<Content>Loved Loved Loved IT!!!! We loved our time in San Francisco and a huge part of it was staying at the Villa Florence Hotel!! From Cora who booked our room all the way down to the lady that cleaned our room we were made to feel they were happy to have us staying with them. Every time we were in the lobby someone greeted us and made sure we were well taken care of. Our room was beautiful - it was on the 5th floor and was a inside corner room (highly recommend), very spacious - the bedding was luxurious. We loved the location, ammenities, and especially the staff!!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ToddA
<Content>Remodeling falling sadly short               
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>michellin
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Villa Florence for 3 nights on our honeymoon on July 13-16.The hotel is in a great location, close to many shops and restaurants, and the cable car stops pretty much outside the door, unless you feel like walking a few meters, then you can go down to the turn around and catch the cable car from there...the lines are long there though.Staff is very friendly and helpful. As stated we stayed at the hotel on our honeymoon, and when we returned to the hotel the first night we had recieved a bottle of wine from the hotel. A very lovely gesture.We make it a habit to tip houskeeping every day to ensure the person who cleans our room that day gets her share of the tip, apparantley we had the same lady clean our room every day, and every day when we came back to the hotel she had left us a little note thanking us for being so kind to her and wishing us a great day etc, a very nice touch we felt.Our room was large, as was the bathroom. My husband was very happy about the free wi-fi connection in the room.We would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>LynnieSactown
<Content>Great Stay at Villa Florence My husband  I wanted a quick get away from the Sacramento summer heat and smoke. I booked thru Hotels.com after narrowing my search to 10 hotels near Union Square. The hotel is almost done w/ a season long remodel job. It was a pleasant surprise immediately. The staff was accomodating, helpful and extremely polite. Our room was a King-Studio and was spotless and nicely decorated. We were in room #522 which was inside and extremely quiet. The location is perfect for downtown shopping, visits to China town, and an enjoyable up  down walk to the wharf. We will recommend this hotel to all friends and family. We ate at the restaurant connected to hotel, Kulettos, and had an exquisitely tasty lunch! We walked just around the corner to the landmark Lefty O'Douls for breakfast. What an affordable treat! And one more thing. . . .the bedding was super comfortable too! I think it was a feather top mattress and ensured a great night's sleep. We will be back for the Christmas holidays!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>pandafanLosAngeles
<Content>A Gem If You Book the Right Room Pros: Great location- 1/2 block from Union Square. Pet-friendly(limited to 2nd floor rooms). Very accommodating and knowledgeable staff. By the second day they were greeting us by name. Free wi-fi access. Excellent rates. Very comfortable beds. Very clean. Marvelous in-house restaurant(Kuletos) open for breakfast, lunch and dinner and a delightful bar/restaurant in the lobby where you can eat delicious home-made panini sandwiches,salads, great salami and cheeses. Cons: You have to book the right room or you won't be able to sleep without earplugs. Our room faced O'Farrell, across the street from a bar, and the nighttime noise was deafening until 3am.Other rooms face Powell, and again the cable car noise is annoying. The website says the windows are sound-proof. Ours was definitely not. Our room, a standard Queen, was tiny. It felt like 150 sq. feet. There was no chair to read in and the bed took up most of the room. They offered to move us, but we just didn't want to bother with repacking  unpacking. Summary: This is one hotel where I would definitely advise booking directly by phone with the front desk to make sure you get a room (ie not facing Powell or O'Farrell) that is noise-free, and that is a decent size (the ones with sitting areas are nice). They also have good package deals which include parking ($40 a night otherwise) and a continental breakfast.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>prospectgirl
<Content>Had a great time My husband and I stayed there in March. It is in the heart of Union Square so there was plenty to do and see. The hotel was under construction when we were there but it never interfered with our stay. The hotel had a complimentary happy hour every day which was nice and the restaurant in the hotel was fabulous. The room was nice but the bathroom was small so as long as you are taking turns in the bathroom you will be fine. With soo much to do in San Fran we spent very little time in our room. I would recommend it to anyone. I hope you enjoy!!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>kismet33
<Content>Can't beat the location       Another view  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>aroundUS
<Content>loved this hotel It's not often I would take the time to write a hotel review but our experience in San Fransisco was so memorable that I am making an exception. I booked a family room for the 4 of us (two young teenagers) and we expected to be squashed as I had read all the other reviews about the room size being small, but seeing as though it was only for 4 nights and the price was good I thought we'd take a chance. We arrived from Vegas very late at night and were delighted that not only had our room been held for us (as requested ) but that we were upgraded to a family suite. The room we found to be delightful, (no view but who cares when you are out all day),quiet, clean  bright.The kingsized bed and sofa-bed was more than adequate, though if my children had been any older I don't think we could have managed. The bathroom was a bit small, but I am being picky. The reception staff were more than helpful  wine tasting at 5pm a real bonus. We didn't try the 'in-house' restaurant as, after 3 weeks in the States, we found it a bit pricey but there are plenty of other restaurants in the vacinity to suit your budget. The location is superb, out of the door and on to Union square, right on the cable car line. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>manda33
<Content>Not remodeled yet Their website lets you believe that the hotel has finished being remodeled, this is not the case. The entire front area and lobby is under construction with scaffolding everywhere. The rooms we decent and clean but I could not tell if they were remodeled either as the carpet looked a little old. The room was actually a descent size and it had very comfy beds. My only complaint about it was that we had a room facing Powell St and it was really noisy. Luckily, we are pretty heavy sleepers but I could imagine that the noise could keep someone up at night. You hear everything going on, on the street including cable cars, people talking and traffic. I think the hotel has some good potential once it is completely finished. We didn鈥檛 eat at the restaurant there but it was always busy and the food looked good. Before we went out at night we started off at the bar at Kuletto's for a glass of wine or a martini. The bar tender there was really friendly and gave us some good recommendations on places to eat. I would stay here again since the price was good for the area but will wait until they are finished with construction.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>queixa
<Content>Under Construction This hotel is UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Contrary to the management's insistence, this fact is NOT made clear on the website (which says that the hotel is open during it's transformation). The entire front of the building is covered in scaffolding, and the lobby is a construction zone. Otherwise, the service was fine, but our closet door was completely broken and the heating unit did not work. If you want to be in the middle of Union Square, it's a good location. But I would not reccommend this hotel, because it is dishonest not to dsiclose to customers that the place is under construction, and you can book a room for the same price or better in a comporable hotel (NOT under construction) nearby.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CafeLady
<Content>Restaurant is the Only Star       King Bedroom  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	2	3	

<Author>JackLing
<Content>great location, small rooms Great location. 1 minute walk to Cable Car ticketing booth. 2 minutes to apple store;-). Safe to walk at night as it's in an area with lots of tourists and locals. The rooms are old and small. It was recently re-painted but the bathroom door couldn't close completely because the paint was too thick. I had a room facing Powell where the cable cars ran. It was very noisy! Ding ding ding and the cable cars rolling on the track sounds lasted till after midnight.I parked my rental car at Ellis Ofarrell carpark nearby and walk to the hotel. I probably will stay here again if I cannot find another hotel at this price. This will be my backup hotel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Griddler
<Content>Poor hotel - there are much better around Here are the list of problems with this hotel:- Tiny rooms (they obviously divided their existing rooms in half)- Power points in very inconvenient locations- Water takes up to 2 minutes to heat up to be warm/hot- Certain taps do not work at all- No clocks in rooms (i.e. no alarm clock)For the location, and the price, there are much better hotels around Union Square. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	3	3	4	

<Author>BillyandDoris
<Content>Hated the small room! We stayed two nights at this hotel and were thoroughly underwhelmed. The front desk staff were unhelpfull and we had to lug all our bags into the lobby and up to the room with no offer of assistance etc. The room was supposed to be a twin and/or double for the two of us. I actually went back to the reception after checking the room because I believed they had incorrectly given us a single room. Front desk assured me the room was a double and that nothing could be done as the hotel was fully booked! The bed was at best a 3/4 single, the TV didn't work, and there was not enough space in the room with our our 2 suitcases, 1 ski bag and a boot bag to open the door let alone relax and unwind.Construction was going on on the floor above us and the noise was constant. There was also a very offensive smell of burnt rubber throughout the corridors.We will never stay in this place again and would advise others against doing so as well.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	2	2	1	3	

<Author>youJim
<Content>Cozy spot to settle in near Union Square I was looking for an inexpensive hotel while on business, to stay overnight so I wouldn't have to drive the 1+ hour each way back and forth between two days at a conference near Union Square. My corporate travel came up with this hotel and frankly based on the rate I was a little worried. But the experience was entirely positive and my worries were unfounded. Also I saw they have AARP and AAA rates that equaled my low corporate rate. At just over $100 a night in down-town SF!!! This is a great deal!Front desk service was fine. I checked in and out and checked my bag twice with no issue. The property was well maintained and clean. It is an older property so the elevators are smaller and the rooms have high ceilings and are clearly older, but with charm and no problems. It reminded very much of a room my wife and I stayed in, in the SF St. Francis (Westin property) old part of the hotel, which is 1/2 block away and a well known property for two or three times the rate. The windows looked into a breezeway, so there was no view but it was quiet and light.The room was a very good size for a queen bed, had a desk, and the bathroom was small but fine. There was even an umbrella in the closet along with the iron and ironing board. The hotel wireless internet worked fine and I think it came included with the room.When you're in SF you should be out doing things and this is a great hotel if you are doing just that and want something comfortable and cozy to come home to at the end of the day.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>CaliMae
<Content>Not A Great Stay... This was my third stay at the Villa Florence in the past year and I will not stay at this hotel again. My reservation room request was not honored even though I confirmed with the hotel several days before arrival. The gentleman handling check-in on Friday night was extremely rude and didn't care that the 2 bed room I requested was unavailable. He blamed the error on the fact that they were overbooked and under going renovations. He also offered no solution. There was no manager on duty, but he assured me the manager would contact me the next day. The manager was never around all weekend.The room looked old and had peeling wallpaper. The water did not get hot and the phone did not work. The bed was very comfortable and the room did look clean. The location is amazing! It is in Union Square and in easy walking distance to all shopping and Chinatown. It is 2 blocks away from the Powell Street BART station, which easily connects you to the rest of SF, the Bay Area, and SFO Airport.With regard to the construction, it is not mentioned on their website and it is very disruptive. Extremely loud construction was taking place on 3 floors at such hours as 10pm on Friday evening and 9am on Sunday morning. I contacted the front desk about the loud noises and they promised to talk to the construction workers, but it didn't stop.I would recommend avoiding this hotel until at least after construction is finished (Summer 2008)!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>colesmanu
<Content>Excellent location, not so great hotel The Villa Florence is in an excellent spot in the heart of San Francisco. Basically everything is within walking distance.. Shopping, dining, China Town, etc...The hotel itself was not so great. It appeared clean at first but it was not.. I got sick after sleeping in the bed the first night.. Found the bathroom to be rather dirty. To top it off, it was VERY noisy at night and early morning. Overall, it was a so-so stay. Not the best hotel I've stayed in.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>tralalalah
<Content>Loved the Villa Florence! This is a great hotel due to it's terfice location and for the price you cannot beat it.I have stayed in great many hotels in large cities and this is just what anybody who is doing business is looking for.I stay at Villa Florence twice a year for business and it is perfect and for the price an location it cannot be beat.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	

<Author>RoaminGnomes
<Content>Great Price, Great Location! If you're looking for a reasonably priced hotel in a terrific location, Villa Florence is the hotel for you while visiting the wonderful city of San Francisco. It's located in Union Square, is on the cable car line, and is only a few blocks from the BART station. We took the BART to Montgomery Station with all our luggage. Villa Florence was only a few blocks up, so it was perfect! The lobby was both beautiful and welcoming. Our room was a king studio. It was spacious for a city hotel, and the bathroom was recently renovated. Everything was clean and looked nice. Our window faced the main street with the cable car line, and we did not find it overly noisy. The location was phenomenal! We were within walking distance to great shopping, awesome restaurants, and neat nightlife. The cable car station was one block away from the hotel. If it's a nice day, you could wait in line to watch the spinning of the cars. If not, here's a trick - go up a few blocks from the hotel and wait on the corner. The street cars do not fill up at the station area so that they can pick up other riders up the line. This can save you quite a bit of time - I believe we waited over 45 minutes to board. The hotel offers complimentary coffee and tea each morning. Even better, they have a small bakery/cafe, Cafe Kuleto's, that is attached to their lobby. It was fabulous and well-priced. You don't even have to leave the hotel! The hotel also has an awesome restaurant, Kuleto's, that offers incredible italian cuisine, but is a bit pricey. Overall, we really enjoyed our stay at the Villa Florence. Out of all the other Union Square hotel options, this one was nearly $100 cheaper per night. It was definitely a hotel we'd stay at again and we will definitely recommend it to our friends and family. For the location, it cannot be beat!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CrystalSorrows
<Content>Great holiday stay at Villa Florence Booked a four night stay through Quikbook for a double room ($101). We got to the hotel about 10 a.m. and although we couldn't check in (we dropped off the luggage) we were asked if we preferrred a view (we were warned it would be noisy) or a quiet room (no view) and the room would be held for us. Since I lived for many years near nightclubs I went for the view. The room was small, and overlooked Powell but it was quite comfortable and it was just as noisy (cable car runs on this street) as they had warned, so make sure to ask for a quiet room if that's your preference. Cable television, free wi-fi, small fridge and coffee pot in room. Coffee, tea and danish in the a.m. and wine from 5-6. p.m in their lobby. Parking is $40 plus tax. If you have a car, a garage is just a block away on O'Farrel and rates are about half. The locaiton in Union Square couldn't be better, it's so close to all the major stores (Macy's, Saks, Gap etc), Westfield mall is just a few blocks away. I don't think it took us more than 10 minutes to walk to Chinatown. Staff were very friendly and helpful. I hope to go back again soon and would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bullduggins
<Content>Good stay, but horrible experience We stayed here for three nights. Great check-in, very welcoming lobby. Our room, one of the king studio suites, was spacious (for San Francisco) and well appointed.However, the last night we encountered some very menacing Australian hotel guests. They were very loud, smashing glasses, etc. We called the front desk, and they were (at least initially) very slow to respond, and (apparently) had told the Australians that we had complained. After the hotel management called them, the Australians of course came directly to our room to threaten us.We immediately moved to another room, albeit a much smaller, much less well-appointed one, on a lower floor. It was disappointing that the hotel didn't act quicker, and we felt that they handled the situation okay, but not great.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	2	4	

<Author>alexgoh
<Content>A Relatively Cheaper Option We booked this hotel our 3 nites in SF as there was a 20% off for AAA member. The net total turned out to be relatively cheaper than other hotels of the same class and location.Arriving - The hotel lies on the busy Powell St towards O'farrell St. If you arrive by car or taxi or airport shuttle, be sure you come from the Pine St direction from the hill so you can land in front of the hotel. If you turn in via Market St, you would have a hard time to land your ride at a decent place to even unload your luggages. Parking is $40/day so I suggest you use taxi or BART or airport shuttle.Check In - The reception staff were friendly and fast. We got our room key within minutes.Room - The room given to us on 2nd floor was noisy. There was no view at all. All we saw were other windows opposite us, lest mentioned the ugly sight of a dark and dirty back street. The room size was just okay to fit 2 double bed, a TV+DVD player at the corner and a writing table. It was brightly lilted and the decoration was a little elaborated with yellow strip wallpaper. We requested for a room change due to the noise and was obliged the next day. The new room was at 5th floor with a more spacious layout and of course, quiet.Check Out - The process is again a breeze.Conclusion - If you need a clean room to rest and sleep with a good location to roam around till late nite, this is the place to pick.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>cgbm73
<Content>Location, location, location Villa Florence is in a great location, right on union square and the trolley line. I had a great room on the front of the building and I was able to hear the trolley bell in my room. If you are a light sleeper or looking for some peace and quiet do not stay in the front of the building. The staff was helpful and very pleasant. The rooms are cozy and well-equipped. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>EnviroGirl
<Content>NOT a good experience The location of this hotel is fantastic, and the lobby is beautiful and lively. The rooms, however, I found to be really dissapointing. The first room I checked into, 212, I think, was tiny and very dirty. The floorboards looked like they had water damage - they were moldy and peeling. The bed linens looked really old and shabby, the shower head in the shower was at my collar bone - I am 5'6 - I had to bend down to shower. It was also EXTREMELY loud. I requested a room change, which I got the next day, and this room was much quieter, but still felt dingy and unclean. This room was even smaller (this was room 316) and had only a shower, no tub. The shower was really really small. I weigh 130 and I could barely turn around in it without toughing a (plastic) wall. The door didnt close properly, either. The worst part of this room was that it smelled really really bad. It was really offensive every time I entered the room, and I felt generally grossed out. The staff was OKAY - they didnt seem to care that I wasnt happy with my stay, and I was there three nights; but they werent outright rude by any means....not really that helpful though. good luck!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	1	2	2	

<Author>George1507
<Content>Villa Florence - very good I stayed in the Villa Florence for 4 nights in Oct 2007. My room was 422. The rate was $150 per night. I had an excellent room, quiet and comfortable. The room was clean and quite spacious - the hotel termed it as a junior suite. It had a sofa and a king size bed.Overall I was impressed with the Villa Florence. It's close to Union Square and the cable car, so right in the heart of things. The rate was much less than many hotels that aren't as good, and the service was very good. Both the restaurant and coffee shop in the hotel were always busy, and used by locals, so a sure sign they are good.Very impressed.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>MayaSweden
<Content>Great location, good shopping I had a lot of problems finding a hotel in SF, and a lot of problems with hotels.com, so I was somewhat nervous when we got to Villa Florence. We had booked a kingsize bed, and while they said it was a kingsize room, the bed wasn't. We didn't complain it was good enough for us. Small, bathroom, rather noisy airco, but decent size room, good facilities. Good bed, pillows and comforter. Great location!Our room faced a larger ventilation shaft aka court side view. But thats not an issue for us. In some of the reviews pointed out the noise on the street. The Irish pub is gone and they are doing renovation. We never had any problems getting around using public transport the hotel was very very good located for that, and shopping. Chinatown is just a few blocks away, and its much nicer and more interesting then new york's chinatown. Though not as much fake brand name bags .. if that's what you are after. There are a lot of restaurants around, most of them variations of stake house in different levels of sophistication. Which doesn't appeal to us. So we where some what disappointed in that.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keiff
<Content>wonderful stay       The room  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>homo_touristicus
<Content>Satisfied, would go back again From London, UKDate. 20-26 Sept. 2007The first impression as you get in, is very good. Nice lobby and a very friendly reception staff. However, the building is very old.They gave us room No.620. The corridors had a bad smell, like urinated by pets. The room had similar smell, and was very humid. There were some stains on the carpet and the armchair. The room was not cleaned properly, and had dust. Some of the food in the mini bar was expired. We asked for a different room straight away. The staff was very willing to help us and they agreed to give us another room without saying anything. However we had to stay in that room for the first night, since no other room was available at that time. Next day we moved to 511. That was much better, cleaner with no stains or odours. It was smaller but that wasnt a problem. Overall, the hotel was very convenient as it is located in the heart of San Francisco. You can go everywhere from there. However, there are many homeless around who are harmless, but might make you feel uncomfortable. For tourists, this hotel is a very good option. If you are in your honeymoon, try to avoid, and go for something more expensive and luxurious.Yes, I would strongly recommend it, and yes I would go back again.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>FritzieontheGo
<Content>Excellent location, charming hotel My friend had a reservation for the Villa Florence during her convention in SF, and I tagged along. After reading other reviews here, I recommended she request a room to the rear of the building. We had a small, quiet and clean room on the 5th floor with two beds. The bedding was comfy--duvet with over and under sheets (love that!). The bathroom was tiny but serviceable. The staff were friendly and helpful--no complaints. Loved the wine tasting in the afternoon--sampled some nice Beringers. Lived for the free coffee in the mornings!Best reason to stay at the VF is its location. Right on the cable car line, a block to the BART/Muni stops. In the heart of shopping, with great bars and restaurants scattered around. Easy walking distance to Chinatown (gotta love those steep SF hills!)Overall, the VF is a great hotel in a fabulous city. I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>Angela6461
<Content>Great Experience! Please read!       Entrance Facing window/room  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>circuitboitravel
<Content>Hallways are like running a maze The staff is INCREDIBLE! I can't say enough about the staff at the hotel. The room was fine. My biggest complaint in San Francisco is waterFlow in the showers. This hotel had amazing water-flow. I almost got flooded out of the shower. It has a great location if you do plan on nothing but shop. Other than that, it's right on the cable car line. So remember this.....ding ding ding went the trolley. You hear it until they stop running the cablecars.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Time_In_Motion
<Content>A wonderful place Sept. 04, 2007We are just returning from our San Franciso trip. During planning this trip we did not know where we were going to stay. We had four hotels to chose from and had never stayed at a boutique hotel. We are so glad we did and it being the Villa Florence. This is a wonderful hotel in an awesome location. The hotel accommodated our every needs. We requested a quit room and got it, which you may want due to the busy, nosey and excited streets. The concierge was wonderful, he attended to all our tour needs with no hassles. The hotel wine tasting between 5-6pm is a wonderful touch along with the attached restaurant Kuleto's, (great food). You are literally right at Union Square and in walking distance to public transportation to get all over S.F., no car is needed if you only want to see S.F., parking is expensive. Don't worry about the small rooms, you're only sleeping in them for a short period of time, but the beds were very comfortable. We will definitely make this our first chose upon our return to S.F. Great job Villa Florence, Signed: T.  D. C.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SMLJ
<Content>Cheers for the Villa Florencel My teen daughter and I just returned from our 7th annual girl trip to SF. We always do extensive tripadvisor hotel research and have tried different boutique hotels. We decided to return to the Villa Florence for the 2nd time for 4 nights and are very glad we did. The staff is extremely pleasant and accommodating, particularly Johames, who's awesome. We arrived fairly early in the am and were able to leave our bags until later so we could go out exploring. The room we had asked for was ready later and we were very pleased. It was quite large, a corner room high up above Powell St. The double beds were VERY comfortable with soft, comfy linens and lots of pillows, which is important to me. It was actually hard to get out of bed in the mornings! We love listening to the cable cars but didn't notice any particularly obnoxious outside noises. The toiletries were nice, the bathroom was well laid out, the room temperature was good and we left the windows open at night for the cool night air. As with most boutique hotels, there is a slight musty sensation in the air but a quick shot of Febreze took care of that. Housekeeping was very attentive and the room was always very clean. The elevator worked well, the hotel was very beautifully decorated and it was nice to come in at the end of the day and see the restaurant busy and the lobby filled with guests enjoying themselves. The hotel is right on Powell near Union Square, easy access to the cable cars and muni buses, as well as the BART station. Special notes - if you walk east across Union Square towards Market to Maiden Lane, you might be lucky enough to catch the opera singers in the lane on Saturdays - it's wonderful (please leave a gratuity). One more thing - if you walk around the Transamerica Pyramid, you'll discover a tiny redwood grove (open during business hours). It's fun to bring a little lunch from the sandwich shop around the corner (Specialties) and rest your feet. All in all, we won't bother with hotel research in the future - it's the Villa Florence from now on for us. Can't wait til next time.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cttravelgal
<Content>Very disappointed What a disappointment! My daughter and I were in San Francisco in July and returned a month later to bring her to college. We had eaten at Kulettos, the restaurant in the lobby of Villa Florence. Kulettos is a wonderful restaurant, full of character and has a beautiful European flair. As such, we thought the hotel would be the same, especially after we checked the website. How surprised we were when we returned last week to find smelly, dusty rooms that are in desperate need of updating with horrible furniture and old bathrooms. We had booked two rooms, including a suite and neither were any where near the standards of a 4 star hotel. And the smell!!! We found out the hotel allows pets (which they claim they rarely have visit) but theh rooms and hallway were a combination of cat urine and dust. Because we had so much luggage to move her in for freshman (and we without a car with all rentals cars sold out for the weekend...I swear we checked every rental agency) we had no choice but grin and bear it. Our room was located at the back of the hotel but the tradeoff for having an alley view was that it was relatively quiet. You are in Union Square so expect some noise!We actually picked the hotel for the location and loved that part of it since we had two teenagers with us. Union Square was right across the street and the park had was offering movies al fresco each night, the kids enjoyed the freedom of doing that while we slept! I love the location for teens, especially those who love to shop!As for the hotel staff they were either excellent or horrible, but thankfully most excellent. The concierge, Clarence, was very helpful and so was the Russian man who has the best coffee out at 5am in the hotel lobby (for east coaster and eurpoeans who can time adjust!) There was a female desk clerk who was so confused and difficult to deal with that we gave up. The only good news was that after we delivered our daughter to USF (and unloaded all her bags!) we were free to go to another hotel as we still planned to stay in the city for 3 more nights. They tried to give us a hard time about it and charge us for cancelling the last 3 nights but since we had told them the day we checked in and had given them plenty of notice, they allowed us to leave without a charge.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>NJNora
<Content>Misleading Web Site This hotel comes with a slick web site promising lux accomandations  top amenities. Don't believe it! This property is in dire need of a overhaul. Rooms are beat with bathrooms dating from the 70s. Heat  air are provided by a motel unit stuck in the window, which, in fact, did not even work in the room they gave us. When we arrived, there was no bell service to help unload our luggage and get it up to the room. After seeing the room, we refused to stay. The manager told us they are remodelling in the fall - not soon enough!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>TazzyPerth
<Content>Rude Staff I just finished a week staying at this hotel. The rooms are nice but very, very small but the location is good. This was all over shadowed but the extremely rude staff. Not only do they ignore guest at the reception desk, but when you make a request they will make it obvious how difficult you are being even if only asking for an extra key. Rolling of eyes and grunting were common. I recomed that this be your last choice.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	1	1	

<Author>hotelstayer_7
<Content>I'd go back The hotel was okay. I was in San Fran just for the weekend and I was by myself. The room wasn't noisy, of course I was in the back and had no view. They don't provide Aveda products like they advertise which was a disappointment. Plus housekeeping did wake me up which I did not appreciate.However, the location is wonderful. Right in the heart of Union Square and on the trolley line made everything very convenient. Plus I had a car and trusted the valet/parking service. The hotel staff also gave great directions and were very pleasant.If you are just looking for a place to sleep and keep your stuff while experiencing San Francisco, this is a great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>schuminou
<Content>luxurious hotel! Nice hotel well located down town at 10 minutes walking from Chinese disctrict.The road on which it is located has a cable car, nevertheless it is quiet.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Annikal
<Content>Beautiful! The Villa Florence Hotel exceeded our expectations. Before booking, I read the reviews here and noted the negatives. I found none of these to be true in our case. The locations was perfect, within walking distance of Union Square by one block, Chinatown by just a few blocks. Next door on one side was a fantastic Italian restaurant, and the other side a very nice coffee bar with excellent pastries. A nice quiet bar is also located right inside the door to the right of the lobby. Two doors down was a great place to get a hot slice of gooey pizza, or a panini, and a Starbucks just on the corner, and a great little convenience store right across the street with anything you would need including some great wine. Truly, the location of the hotel could not have been better. The hotel itself was quiet. Our room was on the top floor with 2 double beds and a pullout sofa bed. Very roomy and decorated beautifully and spotless. It was very quiet as it was at the back of the hotel. There is a street car out front, but I never heard it once. the staff was very knowledgeable about the area, and very helpful. We loved this place so much and we will definitely be returning to the same place.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Morsel93
<Content>Gave Key to My Room to Other Guests and NOISY After flying in from Boton I was exhauted. Check-in took forever - and for some reason the efforts of two people. They also kept looking up to say sweet things to everyone who walked by - which is very nice, but my check-in took 25 minutes without exageration. One could have greeted and left the other to handle the data entry, but they were some kind of binary system.At around 3 am I was awakened by a rustling outside my door - and then a click in the lock, and then the door opened - and a couple entered my room! I was terrified and so were they. They slammed the door. I went out of the room, half-asleep. They were shaking and went downstairs apologizing profusely. I called the front desk. Ooops - gave my key to a couple. Sorry about that. I would think the hotel would be horrified. No, it was as if I had called to say they forgot to give me complimentary shampoo. For some reason, I was not registered as having checked in the hotel! (After all that....) Then they found some evidence of my being checked in - my credit card. I mumbled something about their changing the key or something and fell back asleep. (Had I been more alert I would have insisted they change the keys.)THEN at 3:30 am I received a telephone call. The front desk called. The man started to talk to me as if it were not in the middle of the night. Sorry to bother you, but we need to check you in... YOU MUST BE KIDDING ME! He actually wanted to get all the details. I told him my name and said he had my credit card - the rest could wait until the morning.I was still bleary and shaken in the morning. I got up and went down early even though I really needed more sleep to check in again. You would think that they would offer some compensation - and they did. Free breakfast. Not a free night's stay. Not even a free dinner. Eggs do not make up for that. I said no thank you. I was so tired I was naueated as it was.I was there a week (not my choice - business). Every night after that I cranked the air conditioning up and slept with extra bedding to cover up the sound of the live bands that play at the bar across the street until 1 am or so. Lovely little hotel of horrors - not for the squeemish.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>CalTraveler45
<Content>Great Spring Stay My family of four stayed at the Villa Florence for a couple days during the first week of April. The hotel staff was polite and accommodating. At check in I was asked if we wanted a quiet room. On the cable car route it's always better to get a quiet room. We were given a room with no view but very quiet (if you don't know Union Square, you almost can't have one without the other). The room was not as small as other hotels and well appointed, clean and comfortable. The hallways and rooms were very quiet and it was easy to relax. The hotel itself is in great shape compared to other hotelswe've stayed at in the area and you can't beat the location! I would definitely stay at the Villa Florence again and that's more than I can say for a number of other hotels around Union Square.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>seacoastNH
<Content>Good location and price but too much street noise My company booked this room for a trade show at Moscone Center. The location was good, very central to restaurants, BART and the convention center but the street noise made it miserable for sleeping. My room faced an Irish pub across the street, people were yelling, trash cans full of bottles being dumped in the dumpster after closing time all in the wee hours. The homeless situation around here is also quite alarming, they were performing in the street for money, playing drums (on 5 gal pails) and one guy was even blowing a trumpet until 2 am. The police didn't seem to bother them either. The hotel itself is ok for what we paid ~$160 I believe, my bathtub was in tough shape, needed a re-caulk. Also found a ponytail elastic on the back of the door with hair stuck in it. Kinda gross, poor attention to housekeeping detail. The free wireless internet was so slow I could not bear it. I would not stay here again if I could help it.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	4	1	

<Author>Diamondwatcher
<Content>Good location The hotel is in a very convenient location, only a short walk from the BART station and the cable car passes the hotel entrance. On our first night we were given a room overlooking Powell St, but we asked to move because of the noise. We were given an interior room which was very spacious and much quieter. Between 5 and 6pm there is a wine tasting in the hotel bar, and the restaurant is a very popular if upmarket eatery. Union Square is only a small block away.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Peksu
<Content>Great location, but noisy Just came back from Villa Florence, where I stayed for 6 nights. The hotel is actually quite good, it's well kept, nicely decorated, but the best about it is its location. Few steps to shopping in Union Square, near convention center, 5 min. taxi ride to CalTrain station etc. The only bad thing about it was the noise. As reading few reviews prior I asked for a quiet room in the back. However, there seemed to be a bar in the back of the hotel as well and it meant loud music and yelling etc. every night until 2 am.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>johnkr3
<Content>OK but dated This hotel was ok but a bit dated. The first room I stayed in was at the front of the hotel and very noisy (from the street) and I requested to be moved and the front desk staff was very pleasant and moved me to the rear. This room was acceptable and quiet but had a terrible view.The on site resturant was crowded and pricey. The food was good though. Next door is an Italian place that has good food and is much cheaper. Walgreens is down the street for incidentals.The concierge (an asian man) was very helpful. The desk clerk(an asian female) was very nice and let me use the internet for free.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>mlall
<Content>Did not sleep I had to be moved to another room after a few hours because I found hugh bed bugs.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	5	1	4	4	3	

<Author>DiscerningTaste
<Content>Good value--happy with our stay       King bed  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>marionsjackster
<Content>Loved it. Great old world charm and character 1.Great Location. On Powell between Saks and Nordstoms2. Minutes from the Powell/Hyde Cable car3. Comfy beds4. Aveda Bath Products5. Comp Coffee am and Wine pm6. Top Shelf, Classy Staff7. Giant Cuddly robes8. Pastry shops on both sides9. About 1 mile from all that matters in San Francisco  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shelley666
<Content>Was NOT good 2nd time around We had stayed at the Villa Florence for a few nights last year and loved it; however on our return we were checked into an executive room (the same as we had booked before) but on the 2nd floor.We went up expecting a similar room to last time albeit on a lower floor; we were wrong. The room was much smaller. It may be that in square footage it was the same (although i doubt it) but the space was arranged so that you had a nice large area with nothing in it by the door, follwed by a bed, sofa, chairs, chest of drawers and tv crammed into the other part of the room.As we were geting married the next day and had expected a similar room to last time we went back to reception ask if we could change. We had checked in quite late so they had no other executive rooms available and looked at us like we were stupid, explaining that it was an executive room that we were in and that they were all the same (except for the fact we were on a low floor after requesting a high one and in a corner).As we weren't getting anywhere we just left it.The night that we were married we arrived back at the hotel to find live music being played to a crowd in the lobby. Coincidentally our room was directly above the lobby and we could hear every beat until the last at 9pm.As we woke in the morning (every morning) we could hear clattering in the hallway, upon closer inspection we found we were across from a board room and general meeting point... Fabulous!Aside from these minor irritations we often felt the staff were talking down to us and were generally snotty, for want of a better word.After walking around the area we decided that we would check out the Chancellor and the Handlery next time we are in the city as their locations are very close to the Villa Florence, whose location is only thing we were satisfied with during our stay.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	2	2	3	

<Author>iohcar
<Content>Happy.... I wasn't It could have been the hotel was fully booked, it could have been I made the reservation through Priceline, it could have been bad luck, but happy ... I wasn't. True, the hotel has a good location but that can't overcome the fact of the tiny spartan room I was given. No chairs, no desk, no tables. Only a bed which occupied two thirds of the room, and an enormous (at leat for the room size) TV set (encased in one of those mamoth pieces of furniture.) Bathroom: small shower where it was impossible to turn my body (and I am underweight) without opening its plastic door. An incongrous big lavatory with a tiny faucet. A view to an interior patio. Windows decorated from the outside with bird excrement. And top of all, a ghost drank half a bottle of juice from the minibar. Should this be a two star hotel I would assume those faults as expectable, but for one that grades itself as as boutique hotel, well, great disappointment.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>seamie
<Content>Great hotel location and Kulettos we stayed here for five nights last week - have to say that this was a great stay - nice room - best of all is the foyer area and the restaurant - you will need to be careful - its so good you mightent get to try other sfo restaurants - well done to all concerned  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>eeshkoh
<Content>Loved it!!! My wife and I recently spent 4 nights at the Villa Florence with our 2 teenage sons. The room was spacious enough with a king sized bed and a queen pullout. We asked for a quiet room and were very impressed with the lack of noise from both outside and from neighboring rooms. We heard nothing. The bathroom was a good size and the shower was powerfull. The small fitness room has a couple of treadmills and 2 elipticals. I'm a fitness buff and it was enough for me. You couldn't ask for a better location. It is located seconds from Union Square and all of the great shopping and restaraunts. As soon as you walk out the door you are in the middle of hustle and bustle which makes it very exciting if you are looking for that kind of holiday. We decided not to rent a car because of the hotel's proximity to the very efficient transit system. If you plan on using public transit buy a pass for the amount of time you plan on being there. You can get anywhere on the series of cable cars, buses, streetcars and subways and all of the stops are within walking distance from the hotel. The hotel offers free coffee tasting in the lobby each morning and free wine tasting every evening. Nice touch. The restaraunt, Kuletos is one of the best Italian eateries in town. The staff couldn't have been friendlier. I'd stay there again in a flash.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>stutay
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great Location I just stayed at this hotel for 5 days and I had a room facing Powell Street. If you want a quiet room, make sure you ask for a room away from the street as it can get very noisy late at night. It didn't matter to me because I was on holidays but other people may not like it. The restaurant in the hotel was very nice and the service was good. The Kuletos cafe attached to the hotel is also very convenient for a quick muffin in the morning.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>thompl
<Content>I hardly slept at all during my stay! My husband and I had a terrible stay at this hotel. It was in a convenient location and we found most of the staff to be pleasant, but the noise level coming from music at a nearby bar was so high, that we hardly slept a wink! The music was vibrating my bed it was so loud! When I complained to the front desk, they said that the police had been notified and the problem would be taken care of shortly. It never was. We were moved to a new room the next night, but A/C unit was humming noisily. I do not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>1	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>lisat1
<Content>Would definitely stay again We enjoyed our stay at this hotel very much. They were very professional and I think it's a very nice hotel. They were helpful and accomodating. We stayed in a double double room, which was larger than a standard 2 double bed room and it was very adequate in size. The room was clean. It also had a big closet to store our luggage but they didn't have much shelf space to put clothes. There was a dresser with 3 drawers and that was it. The bathroom was large, except there wasn't much space for toiletries, so we had to be creative. The shower was good; It didn't change water temperature while using it and the spray was strong. Thanks to suggestions of other reviewers, we requested a room that was not on the main street and was much quieter. However, you do have to give up any kind of view and some natural light. It was a tradeoff we were glad we made though. They were nice enough to clear out the mini bar so that we could use it as a refrigerator. The pillows and comforter were made of down. The TV was a Sony flat screen and there was a DVD player and CD clock radio. The lobby area was also very nice. The concierge was helpful. The hotel is very well located. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>totorn
<Content>Smelly Smelly Smelly!! Tiny Bathroom!!! Can't stand it anymore. We stayed in Villa Florence last week, and we were expecting the room was very italian style. However, the room is sooooooo tiny, same as the bathroom. It's really hard to turn around if you stand in the bathroom. And, it's kind of smelly. Additionally, we felt like too itchy to endure while sleeping. I would never do it again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noisy Noisy Noisy Small hotel close to Union Square on cable car line. Concierge at front door however no help with bags when we arrived. When we checked in we were asked if we wanted a room with a view or a quiet room. Apparently the rooms that have the view look out onto the street and it is noisy because of the cable car. The receptionist said they were both the same size so we opted for the quiet room. Bad mistake!! We were on the second floor and at first I thought the person in the next room was playing loud music day and night. I didn鈥檛 complain. Once I have unpacked I don鈥檛 want to repack to move to the next floor. Room was dark and dingy because we in fact did have a view but it was of the extractor fans and roof so we kept the shutters closed. It had a king size bed, a small desk, a bar fridge that was locked. Very tired hotel and although it has a good location, there are several hotels in the same location. Would not choose this hotel again or recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sammysolo
<Content>Charming hotel, excellent service I spent 7 nights at the Villa Florence while I attended a conference. I ended up staying in a room on the Powell street side. The room was small but nice. It was quite noisy but I didn't seem to have any problems sleeping. The bed was comfortable and I enjoyed the down pillows and comforter. The location was convenient and safe. The staff were attentive and courteous. The service was excellent.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>strollingbones
<Content>Great  The lobby is busy with a bar and an italian eatery. Always full. The staff speaks all versions of English. You may have to spell your name a few times. The staff is friendly and helpful. The rooms are small and nice. The Palace did not have an honor bar, the Hilton did not have an honor bar the Villa did.Biggest bummer: the shower head. It is for short people. I stand 5' 10 and had to bend forward to wash hair. Bend forward (lesson learned). The room is small and you dont walk around with bathroom door open. Has a nice sized closet. Biggest pro.: the simple amount of energy always around. Great place, great location.Whiners need not go there. Rooms are clean. The cleaning staff was great when we left a jacket in the closet. Held it for us for nearly two weeks.Now pay attention if you like loud and noisy stay on that side. I took the quiet room. Nice and quiet with a panaramic view of the roof of something and the next building.I booked this on Priceline for under a hundred including taxes.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nuheart
<Content>Great small hotel The Villa Florence is a small boutique type hotel that is right on the streetcar line and a half of block from union Square. The hotel is clean, newly refurbished and has a nice dinning area. Very European feel and excellent service. Some of the queen rooms are quite small and some are just right so be sure to ask for the largest size or get a king room. a little more money but worth it. I'm confident you will love this intiimate hotel and it's dining room ---as well as its location --many neat stores and dining places nearby.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Haven't tried to sleep in a place this noisy since college!!! First, the positives. Excellent location, reasonable rates, great restaurant in the lobby.The negatives, however, were pretty negative. The biggest was the noise. The THUMP, THUMP, THUMP of bass lines from abysmal late-70s/early-80s power rock was impossible to ignore. I have no idea where it was coming from, but I suspect it was from bar or club next door or somewhere else in the building. We called downstairs several times, only to be provided with wildly inconsistent answers:5 pm: Its usually quiet on your floor. We will look into it and call you back. -- No return phone call7 pm: We will look into it.10 pm (after we return from dinner out): We have no control over that noise. Huh? I thought it was supposed to usually be quiet on my floor. And maybe I'm sorry about the noise would have been nice?1:00 am: It's usually quiet by 1:30 or 2. We'll call the police to look into it.1:45 am - the music finally stopped.So, if you are interested in actually getting some sleep before 2 am, I'd choose another hotel. If you are planning to go out until 2 in the morning and then go to sleep, it might be a great place for you.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JCD
<Content>Great hotel and location Charming hotel in Union Square, close to shopping and a block from the cable car turnaround. Small room, but tastefully decorated. Staff was very nice and helpful; wine reception was also a nice touch. I got a great deal on Priceline ($70), so was very pleased with the accommodations! If you want a quiet room, suggest requesting a room in the back - no view, but it is quiet.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great experience and great deal We stayed for five days. Luckily (oddly enough) there was a water leak in our bathroom. The first room we checked into was TINY (but livable and beautifully decorated) and had a water leak in the bathroom. That room was right on the the cable car route, so noisy. Anyway, they switched us to a different room, and the concierge said that being there 5 nights we would not want to be on that side of the building, so he moved us into a much larger room, no leaks, and very quiet. The service was great from the concierge's, and most desk staff were fine. Kulettos (the restaurant on site) was DELICOUS and classy. A little pricey but worth the splurge. The evening wine reception was also great, the wine was fantastic, the hostess super nice.ALot of homelessness and panhandling in the area, but so close to macy's, niketown, nordstroms etc, as wella s the cable car turnaround. I would definitely stay again, and we got a super good deal through travelocity.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice atmosphere, great location, but small rooms I liked this hotel. Booked through Priceline, so got a good rate ($90), but would definitely consider returning even if I had to pay more.Room was small, as you would expect at a boutique hotel. The whole building shows its age, with a few cracks here and there, but is very clean. Decor is in keeping with the style of the hotel. It was on the 5th floor at the front of the hotel. You can definitely hear the street noise, but I am not a light sleeper, so it didn't bother me. The alternative seemed to be rooms at the back with views of brick walls, so if a quiet room with a view is a priority for you, this might not be the best place.Location is great - right in the center of things. Lobby is always full of bustle. In all, the place had much more character than the business hotels I generally end up staying at. Service was good - everybody I spoke to was very pleasant and attentive.Nice place, but not ultra-luxury by any means  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location This hotel was very nice; ambience was great and the everything was clean. Staff was responsive. Location was the absolute strength of this place, 1/2 block from union square. The rooms, however, were small. I would definely recommend this hotel. That said, I wouldn't pay full price (I got it from priceline) for this hotel because of the small rooms--search around for good deals on the place.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>edhodge
<Content>Just right for us The Villa Florence was exactly what we needed. The restaurant in the lobby, Kuletos, was excellent though there was a small swarm of gnats flying around their fresh flowers. The cable car stop is across the street so very convenient. Staff was helpful, friendly and responsive. The room was small but extremely clean and even though we faced the street, noise was not an issue (except for the cable car giving me a wake-up call at 6:30 a.m. every morning- just part of the charm). The price was reasonable, too. After several trips to SF, this is the first time I can say I would definitely choose this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>apgeorge925
<Content>loved the Villa Florence!!! My husband  I loved this hotel! The king size bed was just like a Westin heavenly bed. It was so comfy, we didn't want to come home. This is an excellent location within walking distance to all the shopping areas, and it is directly on the trolley route. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>watch out for the internet special I paid $189.00 for a studio suite. The view was awful- sides of buildings only, not even any sunlight and the studio was tiny. My other complaint was that the complimentary coffee served in the lobby is whisked away promptly at eight in the morning. Most of us on Sunday morning arrive a little later than eight. That seems obsessively cheap to me. However, the hotel room was clean and the staff were all nice. Still, I won't stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amandakr
<Content>Great for the Price! Stayed at the Villa Florence as part of a Site 59 package and was very pleased. Rooms are cozy and comfortable and we slept great. Bathrooms are spacious. It's a three star Kimpton hotel and as with all Kimpton hotels is very consistent, so if you are travelling on your own dime, its a good deal. Downstairs restaurant is very good - no room service, but you'll live.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience Two friends  myself spent a night at the Villa Florence during the week after Christmas. It was truly a wonderful holiday treat. Every member of the staff was pleasant and helpful. The hotel is attractively decorated. We reserved an Executive Suite, which was spacious, cheeful  very clean. We had a room on the 6th floor away from Post Street  it was very quiet. We were within a block of Union Square, shopping and theaters. It was a great San Francisco experience at a very reasonable price. We'll be back again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Location My boyfriend and I stayed at the Villa Florence on December 20th. The Villa Florence is 1/2 block from Union Square which is the perfect location for shopping. We used priceline.com and only paid $75 + Tax + $35 for Valet 24 hour parking. We stayed on the 7th floor in a room facing the street. The room was small but comfortable with a queen bed (very comfortable), TV, DVD Player (Bring DVD movies as they don't have any to check out), Desk, and very small bathroom with shower/tub (you can almost use the toilet while brushing your teeth). They did provide Aveda tolieteries which was a nice touch. The lobby is very nice with a wine bar, deli, and restaurant. We would definitely stay here again, especially if we could get another great deal on priceline  
<Date>Dec 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CHopkins
<Content>Loved the Villa Florence Hotel This hotel has a very convenient location 1/2 a block from Union Square. It has been completely remodeled and nicely decorated. The room was nice with a great comfortable King size bed with down comforter. The staff was very friendly and helpful. There is a WineReception each night which was fun before dinner.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ark1
<Content>generally good wonderfully located the villa florence with some slight tweaks, could be excellent. our room was smallish with a view of an ugly brick wall yet was nicely done in that designer hip style that kimpton hotels seems so good at. why then the cheap toilet seat and crummy fixtures in the otherwise nicely decorated bathroom? the queen bed was great very very comfortable and the room was very clean. the staff tho nice seemed befuddled and had trouble with a request i made for a 15.00 voucher for a future visit if you book at their website. lastly the free wine reception needs improvement. it should be obvious where to go and real wine glasses should be used and the cheap merlo should be replaced with something just a little better. all in all a good non plastic hotel experience at a close to fair price. ark  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tatyanatr
<Content>Good choice for downtown San Francisco We stayed at Hotel Villa Florence for 5 nights in October. As the other reviews suggest do ask for a room that doesn't overlook the street so you are guaranteed a quiet night's sleep. Overall the hotel is clean, front desk staff and concierge friendly, and if you can get in a walk-in rate of around $140 -it is a very good deal as it is centrally located (especially if you are up for some shopping!)  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not exactly soundproof Four other couples and us chose this hotel for my husband's 40th birthday celebration. To make the story short we paid two hundred dollars a night for a night of unrest. Three of our rooms were facing the street and we could hear all the noises from the street ( the cable car, voices of people partying to the trafic horns) as if the windows were open. None us slept that nigt and neither the centric location nor the nice decoration of the hotel and the rooms could make up for our lack of sleep.We wont go there anytime soon!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>OnTheRoad1963
<Content>Wonderful place in SF This is a great hotel in the heart of Union Square. So cool to have cable cars out your door. Convenient to shop the area or walk to Moscone Center. We did both during our 4 nights stay. Location, location, location! The rooms are adequate in size. Took the advise of others from this website and got a back room on the top floor - slept like a baby in their comfortable beds. Everyone on the staff was friendly and helpful. Very exciting to bump into international travelers at this hotel, especially over the complementary wine at happy hour. Only downer was that the room had a musty odor on first entry. This cleared promptly and was not a problem later by leaving the fan/ac on continuously for the next few days. This is definitely better than other hotels in the same price range for Union Square. We will be returning to the Hotel Villa Florence. Ciao!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aquanut46
<Content>Good deal Villa Florence located right in the heart of Union Square -- great location -- block down from the St. Francis. Older hotel renovated but quite nicely. Rooms are perfectly adequate -- a bit small with Queen size bed. Do, however, ask for a quiet room. A friend had a room on the street side and heard a lot of noise when a nearby club closed and street noise. Staff is very helpful and nice wine at their happy hour.Would certainy recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mescobar
<Content>Lovely place, great location My fiance and I stayed here for four nights, and we thought it was really nice. He grew up in San Francisco, so we weren't surprised by cost of parking off sight and such. We were pleasantly surprised at how cute this boutique hotel is. We requested a room not on the street side, and we were totally satisfied. I LOVED the convenient location to walk out of the hotel and into the hustle and bustle of Union Square. We did some great shopping there.We enjoyed a delicious breakfast in the hotel restaurant.By the way, we conveniently took BART from the airport to a stop close to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sommerlovin
<Content>Great hotel in Union Square! Of course I am just now getting to the review of the Hotel Villa Florence. We LOVED it here! We stayed for three nights, our first trip to San Fran. I booked it based on reviews and was really pleasantly surprised. The hotel is a boutique hotel, older, and has been renovated. Our room was incredibly quiet (fifth floor), had an excellent King bed, gorgeous down comforter, and Aveda products in the (small, but clean) bathroom. We talked up our experience of a BB feel in a hotel in the city. We definitely hit up the free wine hour daily. The only issue (and it was a non-issue for us), is that our floor would have been incredibly difficult to navigate if in a wheelchair. I travel with a chair-bound person often, and it would have been stressful for him to get through the narrow and often winding hallways. I didn't see what a handicap room (or floor) looked like, but I am sure the hotel staff would go out of their way to accomodate, as they do for everyone we saw!If you are going to SF to be a tourist, be a tourist--the Villa Florence is feet from two different trolley stops, so it is really simple to get to the wharf. It worked out well to stay here--we were budget minded--but still be able to get to the wharf and other areas on the bay.Don't bring a car to SF. We rented one, but knew it would've been better to get a shuttle or car from the airport and just taxi around when we wanted to leave. It was expensive and hard to get around the city (we're from Ohio and not used to the hills). Stay here, keep and open mind, and you will love it. The manager actually emailed me to thank me for filling out a comment card I mailed to the hotel after our stay. I forwarded it to my friends who were planning a trip to SF and he gave them a great rate AND emailed me to thank me again for our patronage and for referring another couple. He didn't have to do that!!!'Have fun. If you go to Wine Country, check out Davis Bynum on West Wine Road in Healsburg. Ask for Richard, he will treat you like royalty.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SYDFRIS
<Content>Thoroughly Enjoyed our Stay We stayed at the Villa Florence at the end of a world wind trip through California. Having stayed in BB's during our trip we were prepared for the impersonal nature of staying in a regular hotel. But not here. We arrived very early and the staff was extemely gracious quickly preparing a room, assisting us with our car rental return and generally making us feel like a VIP even though we were not. We did request a quiet room away from Powell Street which I highly recommend. The cable car line runs right in front of the hotel which is very convenient however a bit noisy. Our room was very spacious and beautifully appointed. This was a delight for us and a great way to spend the last two days of our California trip.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>scotken
<Content>Great value for money In comparison to the quality of our 3 star hotel in Los Angeles on the same trip the Villa Florence was well above par. We booked our holiday all together (including flights and accomodation) so given the money which actually went to the hotel we got extremely good value in comparison.The location was ideal for transfer from the airport, cable cars, buses and plenty of shopping. The room although slightly small was nicely decorated and always clean. The staff were helpful whenever we needed it and were very welcoming. If I were to visit San Francisco again I would definately stay here again  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>brichi
<Content>Pretty Good Place We stayed for 3 nights (May 20,21,22,23) using Expedia, where we specifically requested a quiet room. We received most of what we wanted, which was a quiet room but with a double instead of a queen size bed. There was a huge Orthodontist convention in SF, and the place was fully booked.Yes, the rooms are a bit small, but the 2 of us found that it was fine. You should be out for most of the day anyway. We booked a winery tour that Sunday using Tours SF, which was great because they use the smaller 20 passenger mini, air conditioned buses. Just ask the concierge to book your tour. They try to get you to use GreyLine, but why cram yourself in with 45 other people, if for the same price, you can go with a smaller group. The guide was excellent pointing out the history of SF and when the wineries got started. Back across the Golden Gate bridge on the return and to the hotel.Be sure to visit Nob Hill; get yourself a one or three day transit pass instead of renting a car. Parking is VERY expensive US$35 at many places overnight. Lots of shopping such as Neiman Marcus; Macy's; and the Museum of Modern Art is a quick 10 minute walk. Enjoy a visit to SF. We hope to come back again in a year or two.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GN2
<Content>Charming, in a Fawlty Towers kind of way For those of you who aren't familar with Fawlty Towers, it's a 1970s English television comedy about an inept hotel owner struggling to keep on top of running his business. He tries his best, but keeps making mistakes and at times this was the case with the Villa Florence!First the advantages -- the location is superb, just off Union Square and literally two minutes from the Powell Street cable car turnaround and BART station. The restaurant, Cafe Kuletos, is wonderful and seemed to be constantly full, always a good sign.We stayed at the hotel for four nights in May. Our first room, on the second floor, was tiny and smelled of damp, but we were so jetlagged we didn't have the energy to complain. Because my husband's bag had been lost, I put his clothes in the so-called express overnight laundry service -- but when I rang to enquire about it the next morning, I was told it hadn't been collected and that this happened every so often. Not a great start and the staff member wasn't exactly very apologetic.We asked to be moved on our second day and got a much brighter room on the fifth floor -- however it was facing onto Powell Street, which meant it was very noisy. I get the impression that when staying at the Villa Florence, it's a choice between a bright, noisy room or a dark, damp quiet one. The rooms have been decorated quite nicely but are let down by small details -- our iron was missing, we never got any bathrobes despite asking for them twice, and our ironing board was broken -- as I discovered when part of it hit me on the head!Overall, if you're looking for a well located, cheap and cheerful hotel then you'll probably get on fine at the Villa Florence -- but don't expect any luxuries!!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jude 49
<Content>Reasonable hotel - little ovepriced Stayed here with my husband for 2 nights, booked it before I read some of the previous reviews for this hotel so we felt a little apprehensive as to the condition of our room. We need not have worried as we found the room, although the decor was a little tired, perfectly clean and acceptable, the bed was excellent and all the plumbing worked satisfactorily. Our room faced the street and so there was some noise from the cable cars but not too bad. Unfortunately on the second night they were errecting a new shop front across the road throughout the night which was VERY noisy, but this was not the fault of the hotel although if I went again we might ask for a more quiet room. Tried the breakfast in the hotel which was very good but expensive, didn't try the restaurant Kuletos but it seemed very popular. Overall a pleasant enough hotel maybe a little overpriced  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mianel
<Content>Italian style?? This is an old hotel right dowtown San Francisco. To my opinion it is somewhat overdone to value so much the Italian style. You should go there if you like good value for money, at a perfect but busy location.My room was small and very noisy. I know now that cable cars start to run at 6 a.m. and continue to do so till 12 p.m., and they are really noisy!! I would return to this hotel, but I would ask then for another room not at the street side.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MeetTheSmiths
<Content>When can we go back?! My husband and I stayed at the Villa Florence on our first trip to San Francisco, April 17-21. We couldn't have asked for a better hotel! The location is perfect! We took the Bart from SFO to Union Square and the hotel was only about 2 blocks from the station. The cable car turnaround was also only 2 blocks away - so we never had to go far!! Plus, the hotel is within walking distance of great food, shopping, and even the entrance to Chinatown.We arrived at the hotel early (around noon) and the staff was more than helpful in finding us a room that was already ready for check-in. We were even asked which room we would prefer: street side or quiet side. We requested a quiet room and didn't have a problem with noise the entire trip.The beds were WONDERFUL and the room was very nice. I was nervous about the bathroom size based on the other reviews, but our bathroom wasn't that small at all! It wasn't as large as a hotel that was built in the last 20 years, but it was big enough! Small price to pay for the beautiful history and architecture!Bottom line: we'd DEFINITELY stay at the Villa Florence again!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you paid for The Villa Florence is very conveniently located in Union Square. The hotel is small and quaint. The $40 valet parking fee is outrageous (including parking tax and in/out privileges). If you plan to have a car in the city, look for the overnight specials on O'Farrell, and you will have to move your car in the morning.  The biggest problem is the general appearance and lack of cleanliness of the rooms. The walls needed a new paint job. We actually saw a one cock roach, and immediately sealed our luggages. If you are looking for a bargain hotel, and just a place to sleep, this hotel is fine. If you want to brag to your buddies, about where you stayed you can stay at the Four Seasons nearby.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'd rather stay at a Motel 6 My wife and I stayed at this hotel while we were in town for a friend's wedding. The hotel was one of three suggested in the wedding invitation, so we didn't bother to research it. Too bad for us. We paid $150 for one night. Guess what? Parking is extra--$35 PER DAY to be exact. The hotel itself does not have a garage though, so when you want to retrieve your car, you'll need to wait at least 15 minutes for a valet to drive it to the hotel from a distant facility.The rooms really left a lot to be desired. The wallpaper in our room was probably fairly old, as it was peeling away at the edges. The baseboard and ceiling molding was very dinged up and appeared to have been painted so many times that much of the detail was lost. This may seem like nitpicking, but it really contributed to the impression that the hotel was simply old and in need of real renovation.When the bellhop escorted us to our room, he made a point of telling us that the hotel had recently undergone several upgrades, including new beds, new carpets and new televisions. The bed and the carpet were fine, and the TV was certainly new, but the reception was not much better than could be obtained with a pair of rabbit ears.When I first tried to take a shower, I was not able to get any hot water. I called down to the desk to inquire if they were aware of any problems with the hot water delivery and was instructed to let the water run for about 5 minutes. That worked, though it was certainly wasteful and inconvenient. I should mention that we were only on the third floor. Assuming the hot water is pumped from the basement, I wonder how long one would have to wait if on the top floor? Additionally, after flushing, the toilet in our room required about 15 minutes to shut off. The tank filled up promptly, but for whatever reason, the float didn't shut off the valve.Lastly, for $150 per night, one might expect the the chain to at least splurge on the TP and Kleenex, but as with everything else, the price tag doesn't reflect the reality. These two amenities were of the single-ply sandpaper variety.I'd have been much happer at a Motel 6. It would have cost considerably less and the facilities would probably have been in much better shape.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KahunaMon
<Content>Villa Loving It This is my second stay at Villa Florence, this time with my wife who is more picky than I am. We loved it. I would recommend an interior room for less noise, although the exterior rooms have great views. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and helpful. I enjoyed the evening free wine hour, and really liked the wine bar's selections, including a special flight of three red zinfidels (including a Rosenblum) for only $9. The bed was great, the room was spacious, and we had a large flat screen tv. Kuleto's is a fun restaurant, and you can get the same menu at the informal wine bar, which is a boon if your plane gets in late. You will not find a better location than this. We were a half block from Union Square and Macy's and right on the Cable car lines. Only down side, our heating/cooling system was tempermental. No problem mon. Did I mention we spent under $400 for 4 nights on our American Airlines vacation plan during spring break? Nuff said.Restaurants? Try Cafe Claude, a GREAT french restaurant with GREAT prices. For a once in a lifetime meal, do Restaurant Gary Danko, which has heavenly service, and marvelous food, similar to Charlie Trotter's in Chicago. Beer? Toranado in the Haight has the best beer selection ever. Jack's at the Wharf has 85 beers on tap including Chimay. Also, the Anchor beer tour is by far the best I've ever done.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stirlingshire_lass
<Content>Wonderful Service This is a boutique hotel, right in the center of downtown San Francisco. The rooms are on small side, but beautifully decorated and comfortable. The bathroom is very small but only adds to the character of the hotel.What makes this hotel is the great SERVICE. The complimentary wine or pop every evening is a nice addition.The parking is very pricey at $35 per day for valet. I booked through priceline, so my total cost was still under a $100 per night. One word of Caution when visiting San Francisco...Always have a map on hand, the Taxi drivers tend to take the long way. We had a trip.... going to the restaurant was $10 coming back was $4.50.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bethnielsen
<Content>Great boutique hotel Perfect location ....Great food downstairs in Kuletos .. valet and staff very friendly  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SJCanada
<Content>Great location!! Stayed at Villa Florence last weekend for 3 nights.It was the ideal location for walking, shopping, and getting on public transport to anywhere really.Room was quite clean, but needs a bit of attention to maintenance of tiling in tub, shower-curtain(patched), and paintwork. Good A/C.Staff very attentive and friendly without being too ingratiating; and the restaurant: Kuleto's, was just excellent!!! Try the organic chicken,mmmm!!The desk was great at storing our luggage, as we arrived at 10:00 am; and when we were waiting to leave for the airport at 5:30 pm.Bathrooms are very small, but lots of thick snowy towels, and Aveda toiletries. Sink a little strange, in that the faucet pours the water straight down the back of the basin, making it difficult to wash under running water!Didn't seem to be a local TV channel on the TV, so hard to pick up local news, which is what I like to do in a new city.Very comfy bed, and if you get a room at the back you will not see out to anything other than a wall, but it will be much quieter than one at the front. Believe me, Powell Street is noisy 24 hours a day!!!We would stay there again, and certainly would try out other Kimpton Hotels.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice Location. We shopped and got a great rate on this hotel that is half a block off Union Square in San Francisco. 3 blocks from the Powell St. BART station, and steps away from world-class (and some budget class) shopping, the Villa Florence is a treat. Large, very clean room with nice comfy furniture, quiet (we got a room that does not face the street) and the nicest desk/concierge/door staff you will ever meet. The A/C unit took some finesse to get the room temp correct, but in San Francisco, this is hardly an issue most of the time (it was unseasonably warm when we visited). Kulettos restaurant off the lobby is higher-end dining (but not overpriced) and served us a truly wonderful dinner. We walked everywhere in the city (don't bring or rent a car, BART is too easy and fast and cabs are everywhere). We left with smiles, an will be happy to return.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>terrible service i am still in shock from the absolutely horrendous experience i had at this hotel. i cant believe this is a kimpton property. the rooms are cramped, the bathrooms dreadful, the beds uncomfortable, the noise from the streetcars on Powell completely over the top, and the serivice, well, jawdroppingly bad. the valet lost the keys to my rental car and proceeded to spend the next hour melodramatically checking his pockets and rifling through drawers and making excuses and acting like i had seriously inconvenienced _him_. at one point, he actually suggested that i pay for a tow truck for the car and then submit the receipt (!!). and this wasn't the only issue. i would write more, but i am too exhausted from this ordeal. my advice: avoid this place at all cost.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amjones1129
<Content>Perfect Stay My Husband and I stayed at the Hotel Villa Florence over a long Valentines weekend. I had not one complaint. We had an executive king room with a down comforter and pillows. there was a sofa and chair and the bathroom was pretty big. I also loved that they provided us with bathrobes. The front dest staff was great and the concierge, Autoro, was wonderful. He is a San Francisco native and will be able to tell you everything about the city that you are intrested in. He reccomended some great restaurants to us. We ate a Kuletos one evening and it was excellent. Kimpton hotel are always great and the Villa Florence was no exception.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lauralynn0216
<Content>Terrific Boutique Hotel My husband and I stayed at the Villa Florence over Labor Day weekend, and it was a perfect spot. No need to have a car, the BART is near if you are coming in from the airport, as well as the trolley just down the block and cabs are plentiful. We loved the complimentary wine and the decor of the lobby. We received friendly help with restaurant recommendations and were pleased over their suggestions. Loved the Aveda products and even though the room was small, it was cozy and it's not as if you are going to the city by the bay to stay in your room the whole time anyway! I have recommended to friends to stay there and will definitely return to the Villa Florence. It reminded me of European boutique hotels that I've stayed in.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dorisg
<Content>location, location, location If location is your priority at a reasonable rate, without great luxuries, ck. this hotel. Conveniently located right at Union Square, withinwalking distance to superb restaurants, great shopping  a cable car stop right in front of the door. Front desk staff very friendly  helpful. Room was OK with a separate seating area, but the bathroom was the smallest ever had.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, small room OK, so the room was tiny, parking is expensive (~30 a day for valet parking)... but LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!Parking is expensive anywhere downtown San Fran.... so if you stay in this hotel, you dont need a car. Bonus, there is a cable car stop right outside.. really easy to get to Pier 39, Alcatraz, Fisherman's Wharf, The Cannery, etc.There is a nice restaurant in the hotel as well as nearby.The hotel is situated very close to union sq... an almost perfect location... without paying the big bucks... it is in fact a better location than many of the big names.. but you wont be paying as much.However, we did get a VERY small room... and a tiny bathroom.. Overall, very happy campers!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant I stayed at the Villa Florence in Oct 2004 for 4 nights.. and it was excellent. I asked for a quiet room upon booking... and it was extremely quiet, really lovely fit-out, v. large room and beautiful aveda bathroom products. They also had free yoga mats and blocks should you wish to do a workout and the rooms are large enough so that you could comfortably do so.The location was sensational... half a block from union square a block from the tram station... Highly recommend and will stay there on any return trips to SFO  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PepperMD
<Content>Great Location The Villa Florence is in a great location. The service is quick and the room was clean, although a little hot (couldn't get the temperature down). Overall, definitely worth the price.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful hotel  If you want a great experience at a boutique hotel in the city and don't want to spend too much money, the Villa Florence is highly recommended. We stayed there for 4 nights (Nov 9-12, 2004) and requested early check-in, room in a quiet section, on the 5th or 6th floor and 2 double beds. We got all that and more! We only paid $127 CDN per night (special Expedia rate) so it was a great value for what we got. They had a complimentary wine reception each night at 5pm and also had complimentary coffee in the room. As we weren't scheduled to leave SF until late at night, they even stored our luggage after we checked out so we didn't have to carry it around all day. There was no view from our room but we were okay with this since we wanted a quiet atmosphere. The room was a little below average in size - it pretty much fit the 2 beds, a desk, mini fridge and TV with bureau - no sitting area. However, it was very clean. They have white comforters on the beds and they were actually clean! The restaurant next door, Kuletos, is highly recommended!! Probably our best dinner while in SF. Make sure you make a reservation since it gets very busy.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bosanova99
<Content>Just Okay The location is geat, but we had major problems with the valet parking. We arrived on Sunday at around 5pm (busy time in Union Square) and there were cars parked in the valet zone, but no valet parker to move them. After circling around Union Square three times (not an easy task) and calling the hotel to get the cars moved, nothing happened. Finally our friend went in and got the concierge to move the cars. He told us that the valet parker left at 4pm that day. There was also a mix up with the payment of our pre-paid reservation. After a confusioning and frustrating conversation, the clerk behind the counter ask my friend if she needed a glass of wine intimating that she was hysterical. They made up for their mistakes the next day with complimentary parking and breakfast, but I would twice about staying here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Villa Florence We stayed four nights at the Villa Florence and loved it! The location is so convenient to everything. We were able to walk to many of the places we went and otherwise used the public transportation, which was also right there. Each morning we had a light breakfast and coffee at Cafe' Kulettos and watched the people walk by as we sat at one of the little sidewalk tables. We also enjoyed the complimentary wine tasting in the evening at the bar. We requested a room in the back of the hotel, so it was very quiet. The bathroom was large and all furnishings looked recently updated. The bed was comfortable, linens were soft, and towels were big and fluffy. Overall, it was a wonderful experience!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rosita
<Content>Villa Florence is Perfect We recently spent one night in San Francisco, en-route to a family wedding. I love the boutique hotels in the City, but wanted to be very central to maximize the short time we had there. Villa Florence fit the bill.It was so easy to get there - took B.A.R.T.($5) from the Airport, the hotel was one block away from the Powell St.Subway and we were at the check-in desk just over one hour after we landed. The lobby is wonderful - reminds me very much of hotels in days gone by - wonderful decor, big comfy sofa and armchairs and full of people and atmosphere. The staff at the front desk were very friendly and helpful and the room was very nice. After reading numerous reviews on your site, we'd requested an inside room - it was very quiet and there was no streeet noise.The location is perfect - Corner of Powell and O'Farrell; all the top department stores, (I was in Nordstroms before you could say Jet Lag!). Also, it is right by the Cable Car Turnaround; so getting from Point A to Point B is so easy. Lots of super cafes and restaurants closeby; but, as we were tired, we decided to eat at Kuletos - I would thoroughly recommend it - great food, great service and great atmosphere.When we checked out the following morning, the front desk took care of our luggage until we returned from the Car Rental Office and then brought everything out to the car for us.I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for good value for money in a place that is different from the international, generic hotels.Well done Villa Florence.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>awsome place we stayed at the villa florence October 9th thru 13th and the Hotel was awsome. The bed was great the employees were very nice and helpful. i would stay there again. Great Place  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pbarb
<Content>Great value! terrific stay! We stayed in the Villa Florence 9/7/2004-9/12/2004, and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel; the location couldn't be more perfect. The decor was charming and the room (comfy bed) was immaculate every day. Our rate was $119 daily. The staff gets five stars; responsive, friendly, great attitudes. Kulletos was as good as advertised. The surprise to us was Kulletos cafe right outside the hotel. it has the finest breakfast items, lunch sandwiches,  sweets that we found in the city. It will spoil for you lessor places. We requested a quiet room after reading the feeding on tripadvisor; our room faced the courtyard; only small problem was that on warmer days the room faced the afternoon sun so the old window air conditioner had trouble keeping up. highly recommend for the price.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Transit Hub, Superb Location Love Villa Florence. It's located just a few steps from Union Squre and cable stops infront of the hotel. If you like to take a muni bus, or street car, just walk down 2 blocks. which will take you alll over the city, even connect you to Caltrain to nearby vicinity, say Stanford or other places. And if you like to drive out of town, go along the O'Ferrel and you will find all the car rental companies there.Room is fabulously equipped with flat screen TV and DVD players(don't forget to bring yoru DVDs). And in the evening hour, a complementary wine tasting is offered in the lobby. Not mentioned the wonderful restaurant within the hotel -- Kuleto's. You will surely love it.And people. People there was really nice. I'd made 4 orders at NobleBarner--- and they shipped in 10 more parcels which, were all been taking care by hotel people. Even as a Priceline bidder like me, Tony was so nice to answer all my requests and booked me at a quiet corner room...Thank you Florence. You really made my trip memorable.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aquagrl30
<Content>A great facade... What I mean is it is very lovely on the outside in all aspects. The inside and its inner workings are a different story. Our room had a strange odor that I just couldn't pinpoint...ever. The air conditioner above our room outside our THIN widows dripped on our a/c ALL NIGHT LONG. Our clock radio was broken, our remote for the tv was broken and we finally had to go directly to the front desk because NO ONE EVER ANSWERS THE PHONE. There is also one man who acts as bell man, valet, and taxi grabber...good luck with that! The staff is friendly, Kuletos is wonderful...This is definately a boutique hotel, I would recommend the Prescott (which is also a Kimpton Hotel) if you want boutique but better.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lori_torr
<Content>loved villa florence I stayed in the Villa Florence not too long ago, and found the beds to be fantastic, and the decor charming. It is right next to an excellent restaurant, and in the middle of everything. I think we got some great deal at about $120 per night, and we arrived in the middle of the night, and service was still excellent. I think there is a complimentary wine reception each night also. it is a great location.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katehighlands
<Content>Lived up to all expectations After extensive research on hotels in this price range, the Villa Florence delivered. I travel a lot for work, staying at Hyatts/Marriotts/Hiltons, etc. This is not like those, but I would recommend it if you are looking for a nice smaller hotel. The down bed was extremely comfy, service great (esp Tony Z/X)flat screen tv, and the location was fantastic - very safe and in the middle of everything. Drawbacks? Just a window air conditioner, but it was fine. I looked at the Savoy, a similarly priced hotel, but would not have stayed there due to that hotel's location. Go to the Villa Florence, ask for a larger room on check-in, away from the street, buy a City Pass if you're in San Fran for several days - the street car runs right in front of the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Special memories We will always have special memories of this hotel - as this is where we just got engaged! Of course I'm a bit biased, but that aside - this is a wonderful hotel. Very quiet and the staff was wonderful! Our room was spacious, but we lucked out and received a handicap accesible room. We asked for an inside room and did not hear one bit of the construction taking place across the street. Would definately stay here again!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good for the Money Villa Florence was great once we moved to a quiet room with no views but that was better than the loud noise. On the first day we had one bed for the three of us because we booked with hotel. We had to see the next day if there was another room available and there was. The beds are very comfortable and a great location. We paid total of 520.00 for 4 nights 8/16-8/19/2004. Free coffee but it ends at 7:00 a.m. Too early for us.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kristie
<Content>Enjoyed it! Very nice hotel and overall well worth the $109 a night we paid. Excellent service, comfortable rooms, very good restaurant, well located. Downsides - rooms are a bit small and the street-front rooms do get noise at night. However, the comfort of the bed made up for the lack of space, and noise is just a chance you take when staying in the heart of Union Square! We enjoyed the benefit of being close to everything.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Che Bella!! I just returned from two nights at the Villa Florence with my boyfriend. We had a wonderful time staying here. The location is superb-- right in Union Square. There are tons of shopping nearby and good restaurants. Our room was very comfortable. We had a down comforter and soft sheets. Aveda products in the bathroom were a nice extra touch. Although it is not a spacious hotel room, it was sufficient for two people travelling together. The lobby of the hotel is elegant. There is a bar and an upscale Italian restaurant.For the most part, staff was pleasant. One gentleman at the concierge didn't do a very good job of recommending restaurants for people on a budget, or assisting us make reservations, but he was an exception to the others who were mostly kind.We did hear sufficient noise outside our room from the street below in the early morning hours. I would have preferred an inside, courtyard room-- but those rooms were full when we checked in. I was a little disappointed that this could not by accomodated since I had called ahead one week to request a quiet room. I think there was some difficulty requesting this because I reserved this hotel through Priceline (but at $64 a night I wasn't going to complain!)Other nice amenities are the complimentary robes and a complimentary yoga basket to borrow during your stay. I would highly recommend this hotel to others!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC and FUN This place is great. I've been to many SF hotels, but now I only stay here. Union Square location is great. It has a great Italian flavor to it too.Kuleto's is a great but pricey place to eat. You must make a stop at the Gold Dust Lounge right next door. WHAT A CRAZY PLACE..AND IT OPENS AT 7:00 am!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel This was one of the nicest hotels I've stayed in. It's right in the middle of touristy downtown (Powell Street car goes right by the front door and Union Square just steps away). The room I was in was back away from the street (requested when I made the reservation) and it was quiet. Nice furnishings, comfortable bed, big TV. It's an older building so the floor creaks a little, but then again it's billed as an older European-type Italian pensione. I would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindos_lover
<Content>Fabulous hotel My wife and I have just spent 3 nights at the Villa Florence and it really is a cut above most hotels, and great value - we paid $95 + tax. It is very individual with lots of nice touches - nothing like a big chain hotel. The location is excellent, near Union Square and the cable car runs by outside the door! We asked for and got a room at the back which was very quiet - just a view of a wall but that's fine for the lack of noise. Many restaurants nearby and the area is safe.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful intimate experience! My wife and I just returned from a four night stay at the Villa Florence. It was one of the most pleasant hotel experiences we have had.The hotel is relatively small. I did not realize how significant this was until I started mentally comparing it to the long treks through gargantuan lobbbies and hallways that are all so common these days at large downtown hotels. As a wonderful contrast, the Villa Florence is intimate, and immediately felt like home.The staff were responsive, courteous, and always helpful. The restaurant at the hotel was wonderful.Some guests have mentioned noise as a problem. When we checked in, I specifically asked for a quiet room. On the fourth floor, where we were, it was absolutely quiet. I literally heard nothing outside the room while we were there.The room was a bit small, but not to the point of a problem. The television was a very nice Sony Trinitron flat scren, complete with a DVD player. The bed was superb, perhaps the most comfortable bed I have ever had in a hotel.I recommend the Villa Florence without reservation. It was a significant part of making our recent SF trip so enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, price, food! The Villa Florence was a fantastic bargain. I received a rate of $125 per night (incl. taxes) for a large king room from their website. The room amenities were great: Aveda products (yay!), down comforters, sateen sheets, soft wool throws, a CD alarm clock and large tv, along with DVD player. The bed also had a ton of pillows, both down and synthetic filled, which I loved. The view was of the roof and other rooms, but who cared--I was staying there for the location and price, and if I wanted a good view I could go to one of the many high-rise bars/restaurants in Union Square (which I did). The customer service was the best I've ever had, especially at the complimentary wine hour, where the bartender was happy to offer insider recommendations about the city.If you stay here, or even if you don't, you must try Kuleto's restaurant and the cafe. I had dinner in the lobby by the giant fireplace two nights in a row, and to-go sandwiches and fresh fruit from the cafe. There's also an inexpensive, fantastic pizza-by-the-slice place two doors down if you're trying to save money (a huge homemade slice and soda for about $4!).If I go to Union Square again, I'm definitely going to stay at the Villa Florence, and use the money I saved to shop!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel at great location for a fair price My first trip to San Francisco but I am a seasoned business traveler. The VF is a nice vintage hotel. It has a great location 1/2 block south of Union Square on Powell Street (cable car line). It is also only a few blocks north of the MUNI/BART station on Market and Powell. Using the MUNI or BART to get to the Embarcadero Area is easy and quick. Walking to the Embarcadero is possible but is approximately a 30 minute walk. There are numerous restaurants in the area for breakfest, dinner, and lunch as well as a few rental car agencies within walking distance for out of town excursions. The surrounding neighborhood is safe for walking around. The VF has a great location.The hotel itself is a refurbishment of an older hotel. This is apparent in the relatively small elevators, rooms, and bathrooms (compared to modern hotels). That said, the rooms are not the smallest I have stayed in and were not the cause of any undue discomfort. The very comfortable, relatively large beds make up for the smallness of the rooms. There is some minor wear noticeable in the walls and bathrooms in the rooms, but that is to be expected in an older building.The ameneties are excellent. The staff is professional and very helpful. The lobby is nicely decorated and a friendly place to hang out. The restaurant attached to the lobby was always busy and receives great reviews, but we were slightly disappointed with our meal.Overall a excellent choice unless you must have the polished feel of a modern hotel. Personnally, this is the perfect hotel for visiting cities with historic ambiance such as New Orleans, New York, Chicago, and San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth the $$ Stayed at the Villa Florence for three nights and really enjoyed ourselves. The rooms were MUCH smaller than I exspected, but the staff and the free wine hour was wonderful. We had a second floor room and did not hear one bit of noise from the streets. The location is perfect and the ajoiing restaurant, Kuleto's, is one of the best restaurants I've ever been too.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RNTraveler
<Content>Villa Florence Wonderful Hotel Right in the Heart of Union Square and on Powell Street with direct access to the cable cars, this is one hotel I would stay at again. The rooms were recently refurbished and the beds were so comfortable. No street noise from our room and every store you could of wanted was right out the door. Staff was very friendly and accomodating. There was a happy hour that we missed because we had tickets for the night tour to Alcatraz, or else we would of taken advantage of it and the quaint restaurant in the lobby...only wished we were staying longer..  
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>234rhc
<Content>perfect location for the price ditto plus mostly great staff Just returned from four days at the Villa Florence and the location and price are the winning features PLUS the hotel have just replaced all soft goods and the mattresses were great! The staff were accommodating (although not all were as empowered as others) and the charming morning front desk woman switched us to a higher floor corner room on the second day which was larger and quieter...do not read that as quiet as you are in the heart of a big city and street noises and sirens are all around you (take ear plugs if you are a sensitive sleeper). The location to the Powell Street Cable Car and Union Square is EXCELLENT and for a clean hotel in a good location under $100 for April it was GRAND. Not a five star hotel but not a five star price. We would all stay there again and we are opinionated and well travelled.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Bad, Not Bad At All................... Strange sounding already...HUH????? Not really, although my home is just a 30 minute drive to the Villa Florence on Powell St., S.F., CA., I have done this three times over the past SEVEN YEARS......why???? Well, here ya go!!!! For all of you folks who live OUTSIDE of CALIF., listen UP! ! ! I have no interest in Villa Florence and am quite POOR compared to most who stay there BUT I will say I am at an advantage to tell you how they rate and in comparison to other upscale hotels in S.F., and I have gone EACH TIME WITH MY ONLY SON, starting from the time he was just 7 yrs until he was nearly 11 yrs old. Just the two of us. Since we could NOT afford to go to Hawaii or Mexico or a week, etc., we pretended to be vacationing in San Fran., by staying @ Villa Florence instead, usually from 2-3 days only. BUT, while there we had the illusion we were far away while in our room. The room we asked for was off the main street, Powell St., and was a few floors up overlooking all the traffic/pedestrian, etc. We had a GREAT time, the room was exquisite, we had PPV movies at night for my young son, at night we would bring in GREAT food from just around the corner at a great Hof Brau and in the afternoon we would go downstairs to the hotels' restaurant, Kuleto's which had a great selection at decent prices. In addition, we had my espresso's and WONDERFUL almost crossiants awaiting me each day. Oh, they also have GREAT Tiramisu at the same little cafe right inside. If you are in need of an iron, just ask for it, if you are in need of having clothes washed and pressed STAT, just ask. It is all right there. Too bad, so many people think you must hit the Top of the Mark or Sir Francis or Mark Hopkins, etc., etc., in order to receive such great service..........NOT SO! I am a real native Bay Arean, born in Alameda and I will tell you that Villa Florence is too underrated for so many so far, all over. Try it and you'll find out. I would tell you where to stay away from but I think you will deseve it if you don't listen to me. Have a good time in San Francisco......Johanna Floyd....  
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location We stayed in the Villa Florence in Feb 2003 for 3 nights on our way home from a trip to Australia. Great hotel. Room and bathroom waere small but decor makes it very cosy and warm. Very clean and has all the essentials. From our window, we only had a view of another wall of the hotel, and it was noisy in the morning, but we had jet lag so were wide awake at 3am anyway! Manager very helpful by email before we arrived in giving advice on transport from airport. Location is excellent. Right beside Union Square for shopping, restuarants and a good irish pub! Very handy tram stop just outside the hotel door. We paid approx 拢45 for the room per night. Good value for money.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Double GLAZING! Just got back from 6 nights at the Villa Florence Hotel, and was compelled to write a review. Overall this is an eloborately decorated hotel, in Italian Renaissance style, associated with Kuleto's a high quality Italian restaurant. I assume it's high quality, because even though we stayed there a week, we couldn't get a reservation to eat there. I found the hotel and it's staff agreeable and helpful, especially during the wine tasting, which takes place every night between 5 and 6 pm. Major kudos for the environmental considerations in the room (you can decide when you want the towels and sheets to be laundered during your stay) and the very expensive AVEDA bathroom products.However, I have only two words for the managers/owners/powers that be in charge of this hotel. DOUBLE GLAZING.Oh MY GOD.Are you kidding me - do you expect anyone to be able to sleep when the trash collector comes round several times from 4 am onward and makes a noise like someone dropping a grand piano out of a window? It sounded like someone had switched on the TV and turned it up loud - that's the level of decibellage we are talking about here. I don't know how much free wine a person would have to drink to sleep through that, but I could never squeeze it into happy hour. Not once. And I tried a couple of times.No really, it was an outrageous amount of noise. I would imaging everyone on that side of the building (looking over toward the Irish Pub) would experience that din every morning.I don't think I have ever been to a downtown hotel that hasn't at least tried something in the way of noise reduction. I woke up at 4 am most of the nights I was there, and the noise kept up for long enough that I couldn't really get back to sleep.San Francisco is a great city and the people are wonderful, but the noise from that room was an enduring memory, and if they want my patronage again, they'll double glaze those windows.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wordlywise
<Content>Wonderful hotel Stayed mid aug '03 for 4 nights. We got a great corner room no 501. Biggest room we stayed in during our 2 week california tour. Staff very friendly and helpful and location right on Poweell by two cable lines. It can be alittle noisy but that's what you'd expect in the middle of a city not that we noticed after touring the city's infamous hills. For good Britich style pub food tryp Johnny fowley's around the corner.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent   showReview(1216407, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KeithLafayette
<Content>Just OK   showReview(1190091, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>timjax9
<Content>Location. Location ...   showReview(1154398, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect location for the price   showReview(1089660, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel   showReview(1089519, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HappyBee
<Content>Location, location, location!!!   showReview(1075870, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>natandalbert
<Content>Great Place   showReview(1023420, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Small rooms, yet HIGHLY recommended   showReview(922182, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, great location   showReview(834670, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location but....   showReview(814486, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MinouMinette16
<Content>Un incontournable 脿 San Francisco - Union Square   showReview(19372196, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situ茅   showReview(18532194, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉栥儐銈ｃ儍銈儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19171741, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>great but   showReview(13975559, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien, mais...   showReview(13192485, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Schoenes Haus in Top Lage   showReview(11304110, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ausgezeichnete Lage   showReview(11304109, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>usreisen
<Content>gute lage   showReview(8664871, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kri78
<Content>hotel romantico a due passi da union square       stanza al villa florence  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>tonicesar
<Content>Vorteilhafte Lokalit盲t   showReview(8268464, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gern wieder   showReview(11362790, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bien plac茅,mais...   showReview(11362789, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11351659, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐙亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚   showReview(19157823, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎰熴仒銇亜銇勩儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇熴€?#x201d;   showReview(19155574, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

