<Author>MrsCLondonUK
<Content>Not so Majestic I stayed at this hotel for a week with my husband over Christmas/New Year. We booked for 6 nights at 219 Euros per night. The room we were originally allocated was very small with limited facilities (no mini bar; CD player; DVD) and certainly not worth the money. There was an awful sewage smell along the corridor and in the room. We complained immediately. The manager was slow to respond at first but after we told the staff that we were thinking of moving to a different hotel they were, unsurprisingly, very helpful. We were moved to a bigger, more fragrant room, on the second floor which was much better and we were not charged any additional amount which was good. When my husband booked with the hotel he was advised that there was a CD player in each room. This is not correct. Howeevr, we were offered the loan of a CD player at a cost of 30 Euros per day - outrageous! The service generally was far below the standard I would expect of a 5 star hotel. We consider ourselves to be pretty laid back (especially on holiday) but we found that we were constantly having to chase reception/housekeeping as they were very slow in responding to our requests. It took three days to get an answer back about the CD player. The other thing we were disappointed by is that breakfast was not included in our room rate but quite frankly I would recommend going outside the hotel for breakfast as it was not worth the 25 Euros the hotel were charging for it. I have to say we were very pleased with the gym and the roof terrace and views over Barcelona are great and I imagine this would be fantastic in the summer. There is also a great spa - if a little costly. The location of the hotel is also good with great access to main sites, shopping areas and some excellent restaurants. We are accustomed to staying in smaller boutique hotels with excellent service levels (e.g. Ca Maria Adele (Venice); Carlisle Bay (Antigua); The W (New York); Hotel Du Vin (UK); Tokoriki (Fiji)) so this was very different experience for us. Some may like it - particularly the mature conservative crowd - but this not a hotel from the young (or, as in our case, the young at heart) for whom service levels are important. Not to mention contemporary styling (did I mention that the hotel is quite traditional). For those PLUs (people like us), I would suggest looking at Hotel Neri and Hotel Arts (which houses has the fantastic Arola restaurant).Mr and Mrs C  
<Date>Jan 9, 2009
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zakshah
<Content>Barcelona in Winter       Hotel at night and location of room)  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blessedtwice
<Content>perfect location We just returned from 3 weeks in europe. we had heard and read mixed reviews about the hotel majestic. we decided that the location on the passeig de gracia was perfect. right in the center more or less of everything. roughly a 10 minute walk to the gothic quarter, less than 10 minutes to the start of las ramblas, 5 minutes to the turistic bus lines that take you everywhere. bars restaurants everywhere. we reserved a superior room and found it to more than adequate. i am claustrophobic and had no problem. the bathroom was modern with ample counter space. the floors were quiet although we were there thru a weekend and it was hectic on the street until 3-4 am. the price one pays to be so close to everything. the staff was friendly and helpful but we found thru out the area that catalun or spanish is really all most anyone of the locals speak. at many of the attractions there is some people who are fluently bilingual. we loved the city enjoyed the hotel accomodations and found what ever we needed they were willing to help. communications never were a problem just a bit interesting. definetly intend to go back.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Petercr78
<Content>Fancy hotel on Passeig de Gracia       I forget the name of the Gaudi bldg right next door  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dubai976
<Content>Don't stay here if you don't Know Spanish!!! I booked this hotel on a tip from family members that this hotel is very good 5star hotel in Barcelona, But as i discovered this hotel must be a 3 star hotel!!!!If you want only a location then this hotel is your best bet in Barcelona for a shopping and walking around location, it's in the middle of all the main shops and restaurants....That's All....The rest are all Negatives....The only people who speak english in this hotel are the front desk staff and whoever in the ground floor.... when you go to the room you feel you are lost because no one speaks or understands english when you call Room Service, House Keeping or any service they have !!!!I had to contact the front desk every time i wanted to order something or ask about something !!!The Suite i stayed in had good size, but the furniture is Old Old, the T.V. has digital spanish channels but if you want to watch the other languages channels you have to use the analoge channels which are either inturrepted often or not as clear sometimes.....Concierge, NON existant at this hotel!!! your best bets is to try and hope that 1 of the front desk staff is not busy.....the hotel needs a Major Renovation for the entire hotel rooms plus an English Course for all the Staff....  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>lisamanners
<Content>Wonderful We just returned from a few days at the Majestic Hotel. The location was perfect right in the shopping heart of the city. Our room, although a bit small was perfectly laid out and wonderfully furnished. We choose the least expenive room and it showed, but I am sure if you paid a bit more you could have had a larger room. There is a roof top pool where we sat around one afternoon. We got a very good rate at this hotel and hence the smaller room. The buffet breakfast was included in our rate, although not always and if not, it is very expensive. The concierge was always cordial and very helpful. Dinner one night as taken at their famed restaurant, and although expensive, well worth it as it was superb. A perfect hotel for a perfect get away.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Iulia_Ro
<Content>Not a 5*       View 2 of window  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>CzechTourist
<Content>Very Good Standard We have stayed on this hotel for two nights during conference of our organisation that was held in the hotel conference center.We appreciated the following things: very good location, high overall standard, room equipment, the feeling, the pricing.We were not so impressed by: mixed level of services (funny detail: I was unable to make it for the beginning of the conference due to the fact that I was waiting for my shoes to be returned back from cleaning...)Pricing: I am convinced that the charged price was adequate to the level of provided services.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>JackRussellLondon
<Content>Excellent location This hotel was very well located. I would definitely recommend staying on or near the Passeig De Gracia, rather than near the Ramblas, as the Ramblas has become too touristy in my view. This hotel is a couple of minutes' walk from Casa Batllo and La Pedrera and is in a smart shopping area, with lots of good restaurants and bars nearby. We had a superior room and it was very good. The hotel's roof terrace is fantastic - great views and a cool (if pricey) bar in the evenings.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TaylorPeat
<Content>Not Good I was very much looking forward to my stay at the 'five star 'Hotel Majestic but from the minute I arrived I was underwhelmed. I booked directly with the hotel and paid extra for a room with a balcony. The room itself was fine, nothing special but fine, however when I went out on the balcony I was extremely disappointed. Not only was it shabby and a little bit grubby looking but there were these awful large bolts and screws exposed all along the wall, which not only looked unsightly but could also have easily caused a nasty scrape. We informed reception who came and had a look at the exposed bolts but didn't actually offer to do anything about them. The hotel's roof top terrace is tiny and only has about 7 or 8 sun loungers so unless you are up there first thing in the morning you can forget about it. The final straw came when I requested an additional sun lounger for our private balcony (as there was only one on it). The girl at reception reluctantly agreed to check 'if it was possible' and said she would call me back to let me know. I sat waiting for 30 mins with no repsonse. At this stage I had had enough. So we packed our bags, checked out and went to another hotel. When we were checking out they did apologise and offered to upgrade us to a suite but by that stage I just wanted to get out of there. However they did charge us for the one night we stayed. It is possible that we were just unlucky with the room we were given but overall I expect alot more from a 5 star standard hotel. The atmosphere in the hotel is pretty stade and the staff are not the friendliest. I wouldn't recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>xoTR
<Content>Need EarPlugs to sleep       room 605  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	1	5	5	2	2	1	

<Author>proudmumMiltonKeynes
<Content>50TH BIRTHDAY CELEBRATIONS JULY 13TH 2008Bernadette and John, EnglandJust returned from The Majestic, where we stayed for 5 nights to celebrate our 50th birthdays. My husband had notified the hotel in adavance about our birthday celebrations and they assured him that they would leave flowers or champagne in the room....that was not done. When we arrived we got no real welcome from the front desk staff...no explanation about where things were situated etc or asked if we needed help with anything.We had a superior room which had a balcony and was adequate..the bathroom was not cleaned very thoroughly....the food at breakfast was very good but the room and the service were very disappointing....again we were met with surly, rushed male staff. The pool is tiny, be prepared for that, and very busy at the weekends...the staff up there at the bar are however very pleasant. My husband had a sore shoulder whilst we were there and required some massage treatment, which was excellent, but the sauna, which was also recommended as being helpful by the spa staff ,was broken intermittently. Check out time is at 12 but as our flight was not until 10 30 at night we asked if there were facilities to shower before we left and were told to use the poolside shower by a very arrogant gentleman on the front desk. We finally complained to the lady at Guest Relations ( very pleasant and concerned) and she managed to get us the use of a standard ( very small) room for our last day..she also refunded the cost of 1 night 's bed and breakfast for the poor service we had received.The hotel has a great location but the staff, mostly men, seem really miserable and arrogant and most of the rooms ( public areas as well) are small and have no natural light.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	1	1	2	

<Author>MeqonTraveler
<Content>Great location, great accomodations We stay for four nights in a junior suite connecting to a deluxe room (for our two girls). The junior suite was very large and nicely appointed. the deluxe room was a bit small, and looked on to the back of the hotel, but was adequate and quiet for the girls. Very clean and good bathrooms. The windows looked out on to Passieg de Gracias, but they are double windows so there was very little noise. The staff was friendly, but the front desk can be overwhelmed, since they act as front desk and concierge. For most things they were very helpful, but were reluctant to recommend places to eat. The places they mentioned were very mediocre pizzerias. But its hard to find bad food around there, so no big deal. The bell staff were attentive and worked hard to get a cab that could handle four with luggage.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>TexasRangerHouston
<Content>Deluxe hotel, excellent service, perfect location Just coming back from a med cruise and stayed 3 nights post cruise at the Majestic. It was fabulous.First of all, this is the location you want to stay. It is close to everything, surrounding by great tapas bars and shops and you are not in the buzz of the Rambla. The Gaudi house is only 1 block down the street...The staff is charming and helpful. They helped us arrange dining in wonderful restaurants every night.The rooms are well appointed although not the typical american size standards but hey, we are in Europe and the building was a 100 years old...We had a large bed, very soft linen, good amenities, turndown service, A/C although not needed as the temperature was mild.Breakfast was very good with a large variety.I would recommend the Majestic Barcelona without a doubt.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>barow44
<Content>Center of Town Great location - close to everything without hassle of being in Gothic quarter. Very friendly staff and internet worked like a charm. Great bar in the hotel as well. Only complaint was typical Euro approach of pushing two twins together to make a king bed. Request a room not facing the Paseo Gracia - you may sacrifice view/light, but you'll appreciate the quiet.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>fabiolina
<Content>Great hotel in Barcelona Just returned from a 3 night stay at the Majestic. The location of the hotel is wonderful, walkable to everything (we walked to the port a couple of times and also walked to Parc Guell), but not in an area overrun with crowds. The room (a Deluxe) was wonderfully clean and well appointed. The service, typical of European hotels, was not top-notch, but still serviceable. Nice bar on the ground floor and a separate Cigar Bar across the hall. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Curunina
<Content>Loved the Hotel, Would Like to move it a little We got a great deal on a 3 night stay for St. Patrick's weekend in this hotel - 3 nights for the price of 2. An extra bonus was that we were upgraded to a Junior Suite from the Superior Room we had bookedThe room was beautiful, bathroom perfect, and service impeccible. The only drawback to the whole experience is that it is not quite central enough. Yes, it is on the main shopping street -and, yes, I had fun in Chanel. But realistically, we didn't go to Barcelona to shop, and it is a taxi ride to the Ramblas or the Gothic Quarter. It could be walked - but the walk isn't especially interesting, and you feel like you are wasting time you could be spending on proper touristy places.We also got a poor reccommendation for a local restaurant on our first night when we were tired from travelling and just wanted a quick bite - but to be fair there is not a big selection of places to eat in the immediate vicinity.These are all just tiny things, and I wouldnt hesitate to stay at the Majestic again - particularly when they have reopened the rooftop pool.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SB12
<Content>Great hotel in central Barcelona Have just returned from a great 3 night stay at this hotel. We had a tripple room with 2 twins and a great sofa bed. The room was quite large and very clean. The staff were very helpfull and the breakfast which was included at a great rate was good.The location is great.All in all agreat hotel - would definately stay again.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ParisVicky
<Content>Good service, good location my husband and me did chose this hotel because the location and we did not regret!!! we took a room between the best category and the standard and we had amazing views over paseo de gracia street. the room was lightly and clean. from the hotel you can walk everywhere in Barcelona. and also you have all the shops and great restaurants in the area. if we come back to this city, definitely we will chose the majestic again.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kathysa
<Content>Nice hotel, great location My husband and I spent 3 nights at Hotel Majestic in early April. We were lucky to get a top floor room with a balcony so could enjoy the view of the city. The location was great for walking to most major sites, restaurants, and shopping. Due to the weak US dollar, the rooms were pricey...around 300 Euros per night....but I would stay here again. The breakfast was extremely good.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>asloan2348
<Content>This should not be a five star hotel We have just returned from a three day stay in Barcelona.We stayed in a standard room at a cost of 拢198 per day - room only. The smallest five star hotel room in the world? Certainly the smallest that I have ever been in. I've never had the desire to swing a cat but I couldn't have done it in that room.The air conditioning did not work properly. As a result, we had to sleep with the window open and as we faced one of the busiest streets in the city it did not make for a relaxing night.The bathroom was the crowning glory. It was almost impossible to stand up to pee as the pan was so close to the sink. It was also pretty difficult to sit down as I struggled to get my feet on the floor between the pan and the sink. The shower had all of the power of a left handed serve from a right handed tennis player - which was just as well because there was no shower screen which then meant that the floor and the toilet pan were soaked every time the shower was used.From the smell between the lift and the room door, I think that there is a dead body somewhere on floor eight.The basement restaurant looked plastic and soul less - we gave it a body swerve.The only reason that my review stretches to two stars was that we ate at Restaurant Drolma. We had the menu exclusive which was wonderful - albeit at a price - dinner for two with an OK bottle of Rioja and a couple of glasses of champagne came to a whopping 485 Euros.Barcelona was superb. Drolma was superb. The Majestic was a massive disappointment.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>calcalino
<Content>A hotel way past its best This hotel is living in the past and on its former reputation.The reception staff are surly and unhelpful, the barmen lazy and uninterested in their work. An aroma of cigar smoke drifts into the lounge from the enclosed cigar bar. There is no daylight in the public areas except in the foyer. The pool is closed for refurbishment. (we were there in March/April 2008... don't know when it will re-open).And the bedrooms -an utter disaster, unless you take into account the bed linen and the night time chamber maid service (which was not to be relied on).The size of our bedroom did not merit a deluxe rating. It would have been more suited to as Travel Lodge or motel - so much so that we had to ask the hotel to remove some of the furniture in order to accommodate all our luggage.We had booked an upgraded room only to find that the city view was out of a window that was positioned almost above our heads and what we could see comprised sky and aerials. After complaining, they showed us other rooms, either with no window (a deluxe rating!!!), or dormer windows or again tiny. Finally we had no choice but to accept what they offered - exactly what they'd shown us in the first instance. It was overpriced, very small and not at all acceptable. By way of 'apology' (?) we were given a bowl of fruit in our room and a bottle of cheap cava. This is no way compensated for the price we had paid and the expectations we had of top class accommodation.All I can say is that despite its excellent location, the hotel does not treat its guests in the manner one would expect from a deluxehotel.Loved Barcelona, but will never stay in the Majestic again.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>eschertz49
<Content>Good Accomodations My wife and I really enjoyed our stay at the Hotel Majestic. The hotel is very well maintained, lavishly decorated, and the rooms are very comfortable. You also really can't beat the location, I know my wife really enjoyed the proximity to all the shopping. Can't complain about the service level, definetely not the best we have received, but by no means bad.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lvnluxury
<Content>Review better late than never!! Great place to stay in Barcelona! After noticing that I have not written a review of our stay and seeing the negative reviews, I feel compelled to state an opinion.From the time we arrived and found a check in parking/valet (no traffic stress) directly in front of the hotel to the departure car packed and waiting, this was a wonderful stay. The concierge even organized last minute tickets to the sold out Police concert for us!Our suite was not overly large, however completely adequate for the expectations. The bath was beautiful! Our view was just as I had hoped, directly over the Paseig de Gracia but not too noisy at all. The breakfast and drinks at the bar were expensive, but in a hotel such as this, located in a city such as this, definitely not out of line.We had breakfast in the room everyday which was very pleasurable and priced fairly.All recommendations for locals restaurants were right on target.On our next stay in Barcelona, we will split the time between The Majestic and something closer to the water.If you are looking for something typical non modern this is your place.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalJC
<Content>Enjoyed it, but some room for improvement My wife and I stayed at the Majestic during Easter vacation this year and were fairly pleased with the experience. We had a junior suite with nice views over the Paseig de Gracia- the room was clean, large, fairly well appointed  with a fantastic bed and pillows. The bathroom was a bit small but otherwise okay with a good shower and hydromassage bath.Generally speaking, the staff were very service minded and friendly. Room service was tremendously swift and efficient.The breakfast buffet was good, but it became way, way too crowded and a bit stressful on a couple of occasions, but I thought the staff dealt with it well.Given my experience, I'm a little surprised at some of the negative reviews here, although I did get a chance to see a superior room that our friends were staying in  I was a bit shocked at the small size.And while I understand that the rooftop spa  pool were closed for renovation (of course this is necessary) I felt deceived that this was not mentioned on their website.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kolinsky
<Content>Fantastic location Just got back from a '3 for the price of 2' night stay at the Majestic Hotel, Barcelona. Before we even got in the hotel we were greeted by the doormaen and our luggage was promptly taken to reception for us, where check in was quick. Despite being hours early we were shown to our room. The location is perfect. Right in the centre of all the sight seeing but also in a part of the city that is more upmarket, so you feel safer at night.  The room was huge and the bathroom luxurious. Air con and heating controls were in the room, safe, mini bar, work station, TV and all the little extras you would expect. Bathrobes and slippers were provided. The bed was very comfortable as were the pillows. Breakfast was superb. One of the best selections I've encountered. Fresh fruit, cereals, pastries, breads, hams, cheeses, bacon, eggs, pancakes, tortilla and fresh coffee. Throughout the hotel we found the staff to be extremely helpful, polite and professional. The hotel was clean, quiet and had a relaxing atmosphere, which is appreciated after a days walking and sight seeing. Didn't use the pool because the weather was to cold. The only fault I can find is that there was a few cracked tiles in the bathroom, but that's me being really picky. Will use this hotel on our next visit.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Valerie_UK
<Content>Doesn't Deserve It's Five-Star Rating. I am not someone who usually complains, but the Hotel Majestic managed to defeat even my stoic British spirit.Upon arrival, we were ignored as we repeatedly tried to get the receptionist's attention.When we were finally shown to our room on the seventh floor, it was dark, dingy, and slightly dirty in parts. The small window was directly opposite another room's window, which was a mere two metres away, and allowed minimal light through as our view was blocked by walls, drain pipes and gutters. The walls were extremely thin, meaning we could hear every noise the rather passionate couple next door to us were making.The toiletries brought my partner out in a rash, and the bathrobes were so coarse they aggravated my eczema. Our shower kept switching between scalding hot and freezing cold, and the lavatory kept blocking. We had requested a double room, but were met with two (fairly lumpy) single beds. We were told to merely 'push the beds together', and deal with it. Had I not paid over 拢200 a night, I probably wouldn't have minded so much, but as it was, it didn't seem appropriate 5 -Star behaviour.The final icing on the -frankly, rather rotten- cake was that the pool and sun terrace were closed. With such a major part of the hotel out of service, one would expect there to be some notification on the website, and to be reminded of this at check in. However, I have scoured the website and found no such notification, and was certainly not notified of it at reception. Instead, guests are informed of the pool's closure via a small, slightly dog-eared sign in the elevators.My advice to any potential guests of the hotel majestic is this-DON'T LET YOUR HOLIDAY BE RUINED - FIND SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>loungette
<Content>simply disappointed I'm simply disappointed.maybe Majestic's management doesn't know what a Five Stars Grand Luxe means. this hotel should be a 4 stars, and I'm generous. I paid too much for the poor room I got (a superior, not a standard), che bathroom is a joke, small and not clean as it should be (some NOVOTEL 2 stars are more comfortable). breakfast is nothing special and everything is very expensive. swimming pool is not avaliable, and we weren't informed when we booked. 5 stars GL is the maximum rate for hotels. this one surely doesn't deserve it. NOT RECCOMENDED.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	3	1	

<Author>Par8
<Content>Very disappointed with this hotel Have just returned from a celebration break away to The 5* Majestic Hotel. We had booked for 3 nights but only stayed the one as it was so terrible. We booked through the Hotel Website and chose this particular hotel for many reasons, the main one being for the pool facilites. While travelling in the lift to our room we noticed a small typed up note advising that the pool and spa was closed for refurbishment. Not only did they not advise us of this when we checked in but more importantly, I felt so angry that there was/is no mention of this Refurbishment on their website. After complaining to reception, who were very cold and unsympathetic, gave us a couple of free passes for a pool 3 blocks away (hardly the same!). Our room was nothing like you would expect either from a 5* hotel, plus we had booked a superior room. The bathroom was the smallest I have ever seen. We chose to check out the following morning and find a hotel that met with our requirements and luckily we found Hotel 1898 which I must say, was a lovely hotel, and only 4 star, but in my opinion far superior to the Majestic. We felt we were then able to finally enjoy our break away. On returning home I wrote a letter to the GM as I feel very strongly that they should be advising all potential customers of the fact that their facilities are closed due to refurbishment, thus giving people the option especially as they pride themselves on their 'main priority being Customer Satisfaction'. I wanted answers as to why we were not advised in the first place, but he basically avoided all of my questions, so again, I wrote to him, only to receive another letter back stating that they are improving their facilities. I found the whole experience totally appalling, how we were treated beforehand, during and after our stay. I never normally complain, but on this occassion I felt i had too. its not about the money (although it did cost us around 240 euros for experience) but the fact that people like ourselves were able to book this hotel under false advertising.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>OWalls
<Content>Luxury, comfort, perfect location Stayed in the Majestic, end of January 2008, for a birthday celebration. After check in, we were welcomed and escorted to our room by the charming Rosa. The room was very comfortable, with beautiful views of the Passeig de Gracia. We had booked a privilege room, but were lucky enough to be upgraded to a junior suite. Breakfast was abundant and with good variety of pastries, cold meats, cereals fruits etc. All round this hotel has what you would expect from a good 5 star. Would not hesitate to recommend the Majestic. Many thanks to Sr Chiaruttini and his staff.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Volodymyr
<Content>Dear but rather good hotel Actually i was bit dissapointed by quality of extra bed and the fact that standard double room for it's price was too tight for 3 people. But since hotel removed extra bed surcharge from the bill at the check out i have nothing to complain about.Certainly expensive but good quality accommodation in decent location.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ParisGolfer
<Content>Service and location perfect We stayed at the hotel last december, booked directly. The location is perfect, walking distance for the shopping and all the key areas of Barcelona, the room was large and quiet, very clean, the staff is lovely and really helpful, breakfast is delicious. We recommend this hotel for people looking for a good 5 stars hotel in the center of Barcelona.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sigrid66
<Content>Just go. I am dutch mum of 3 young boys. Since i really needed a break alone, my husband offered me a weekend Barcelona to do some serious sightseeing (GHAUDI!!) and even more serious shopping!I chose the Majestic based on its location, and for the fact the manager of the hotel actually made the effort to read Tripadvisor and react to negative comments. I always read everything on tripadvisor before booking any hotel or holiday as i find it the best revieuw site worldwide. This is however my first written revieuw!I booked a single classic room. Basically I paid as much as a doubleroom would cost but i still expected to get the smallest room around really. NOT true. I got a nice room, quit spacious with a large bathroom (room 242). I originally was given another room but asked if i could smoke there and that was not the case so i was given another. I must say, walking thru the hallways and seeing other rooms being cleaned, that they seemed smaller. So yes, the rooms may not be big bit its a very old building, rooms differe in size and I did book the cheapest category. So if you take a classic room then indeed you have NO vieuw, and a smaller room. I had no vieuw indeed but i did not care and did not expect it. Its not like I'd go to barcelona to look out of the window all day, is it?Now for the Hotel. I loved it. Its peacefull, classy but very friendly. I never felt out of place there tho i strolled around in jeans and Tshirt basically and i clearly look like a tired mum and not like a potential Armani customer (Armani is next door). Everybody was friendly and willing to help or answer my questions.The Hotel is very clean, looks very wel maintained and is nicely decorated. The beds are comfortable, nice big towels, slippers, TV with several ebglish spoken channels etc. Only the bathrobes.....they are kidsizes. If you are over size 14, bring your own:P That goes for the whole of Barcelona tho, loads of shops but not a chance of buying any clothing over size M (14 or so). So I shopped a lot for my kids and saved my husband some money.Breakfast is standard buffet, not many fancy things but sufficient. The breakfast restaurant is maybe the nly area of ther hotel i did not like much, its in the basement and it does not have much atmosphere. It does the trick tho, you can sit comfortably and eat enuff to last till dinner.Negatives?Hotelwise i cant think of any that would not make me look utterly picky. Servicewise, only one thing botherred me. I do not use a creditcard. I dont have one, i hate them. I pay with my bankcard in Holland and cash elsewhere. My husband obviously has some but they are in his name so i dont take them. Even tho my hotel was payed for already they wanted my creditcard at check in. I said i didnot have one. I got the weirdest look ever, as if i am a total moron for not having one. Then I had to deposit 50 euros a night, apperantly to cover damage or costs i would cause or make before running of...or so....I basically felt like a criminal and told the guy i didnot think it was nice to display so much distrust on a guest, who already payed for her whole stay. He just shrugged. I payed the 100 euros (2 nights). When I checked out 2 days later there was another receptionist. I asked for my money back and he asked for a receipt. I never got one when i checked in and told him that. He shaked his head, started looking in the computer for a while and eventually gave me the money back. Now that made me feel a bit weird, but other than that..i loved it there. If you have doubts, just book it, location is superb, service was great as well, apart from the little incident above.Please note the swimmingpool and spa are being rebuild and are not done till about may this year. Enjoy!  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>IrishGirl15
<Content>Great Location, Nice Hotel       outside of hotel xmas decorations  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Scottie001
<Content>Great Location We stayed three nights in January. The room was somewhat small; however, we had a choice in the category of a suite or a room facing the Passeig de Gracia, and we opted for the view. We made the right choice, as the room had french doors to a small patio with a tremendous view. Everything else about the room was good - clean, nice bathroom, etc. We were only there a few nights, and who spends a lot of time in the room? Our reservation did not include breakfast, but there are plenty of options close by. There is a coffee/pastry house just across the street. The location was terrific - close to public transportation, shops, restaurants, etc. Service in the hotel was good, with easily-available advise which was appreciated. Good dinner options around. I would recommend Costa Gallega, one block north on the Passeig de Gracia (get the piquillo peppers stuffed with crabmeat, patatas bravas, and wash down with a good cold glass of the local Penedes wine - Vina Sol. Very reasonable. Oh yes, I forgot, the beds were about the most comfortable we ever slept in. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Shalom27
<Content>Standard rooms are not recommended Stayed for 2 nights. The standard room was very disappointing room. I was Lucky to get an upgrade to a sweet which was very nice.Breakfast is served in a basement dining room.Pool is small, open and on the roof.Location is very good.I think there are better hotels for the same price.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SimoneP
<Content>Great location and comfortable, but a bit average       The larger of the two Privilege Rooms  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>sunneedays
<Content>All style and no substance. I stayed in the Majestic with my boyfriend in mid-December and the hotel is beautiful and very centrally located to the Passeg de Gracia metro stop. The metro is very easy to use once you get the hang of it and we bought a 10 journey travel card with our debit card and once I had used it to go through the barrier I passed it to my boyfriend to use and it was so easy. Now the hotel itself-beautiful lobby and clean although we found the general atmosphere a bit formal and stuffy for 2 young people in our 20's and this alone would put us off returning again. We would stay in a more relaxed,welcoming hotel in future. There are no tea+coffee making facilities in the room which I have had in all hotels in various cities I have stayed in before and was a big disappointment considering the rates the hotel charges. We were in a room which must have been the smallest room I have ever stayed in you literally walked 3 paces from the bed and were in the bathroom. It was clean and comfortable but far too small for the rates they charge. The minibar as expected was absolutely extortionate and if you go to a supermarket on the Ramblas called Carrefour you can stock up on the same brand of water the hotel puts in the minibar. Hotel cost per bottle-4 euro carrefour cost-21 cents. You do the maths. I feel with this hotel you are simply paying for the name.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>srups
<Content>lovely majestic Just returned from 3 day break in barcelona. Location very central and handy for sightseeing. This was the first time staying 5 star and the Majestic certainly was 5 star. Check in was quick and easy and the staff were always helpful.The room was spotless and comfortable. Breakfast was also very good, juices,cerials,hot food,breads and cheeses.We got a good rate on internet and would use this hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ElNorEast
<Content>Hotel Majestic - A Mixed Bag. Stayed at the Hotel Majestic for a week in late November, booked as a 5-star choice from a list of conference hotels. As there were three of us staying in one room (married couple and a sister), we inquired in advance if it would be possible to get a triple room, which they were happy to arrange for us at a supplement of 50 Euros / night + 10 Euros / night required breakfast charge. The kind woman in the sales department who helped us with this request was lovely and could not be faulted.Upon arrival we were taken to a tiny smoking room with a sofabed pulled out. The foot of the sofa bed rested against the foot of the double bed (more on that later). Having informed the hotel in advance that I am six months pregnant, I found their choice to put us in a smoking room odd and after asking politely they moved us up one floor to a similarly tiny room, with dirty scuffed walls and grubby carpet. The furnishings were something you would expect to find in a Holiday Inn (I am serious). The room was certainly not five star and we asked to be moved again - this time a bellman was involved, and he steered us to a suitable room. Bellmen and housekeepers always know the nicest rooms in hotels, so take their advice!Once we were finally ensconced in our room (paying ANOTHER 30 Euros a day for an upgrade to a superior room) we started to notice some interesting trends amongst the staff. This is a hotel where the staff are quite convinced that they are better than their guests - if you are not wearing a fur coat and Blahniks, you may as well be crawling out of the gutter. Doors were not opened for us by the doorman, we were eyeballed with disdain by the guys who stand on the stairs (security?), and I once saw a front desk clerk (they are all men who are 40 years +) look up at my sister - a really stunning redhead - and shake his head. We were wearing very normal clothes: black trousers, black shoes (no tennis shoes), cashmere sweaters and the like. Being pregnant, my clothes certainly weren't Chanel but I wasn't turned away from any restaurant in the city, so I figured I looked OK. We had worn the same basic outfits for a week at the Hotel Imperial in Vienna, which was a MUCH nicer hotel, so I think it must have been a Hotel Majestic trademark to make the guests feel uncomfortable.One afternoon my sister and I (we are 29 yo and 39 yo) wandered into the lobby bar for some coffee and a light lunch. The blond model-like bar attendant took our order, brought it to us and then disappeared. As we were halfway through eating our pizza, another bar worker came through and put up menus for an afternoon tea they had been serving for an hour, something that the model man had neglected to tell us about. We were never offered refills, checked on, anything, and when we finally got the server to give us our check we asked if we could put it on our room he threw his pen down on the table and walked off in a huff. Breakfast was dull and we only went once, despite being forced to pay an obligatory 10 euros a day per person for it. It's held in a windowless conference room in the basement. Every couple of minutes the room shakes from the Metro that runs right by the hotel. The staff were uninterested and unfriendly, and the food was very dull - pastries came from huge catering packs, etc.However, the thing that makes me really cringe about this hotel, the thing that cemented in my mind NEVER AGAIN, was the bed situation. We booked a double room. We saw three of them. Apparently, to the Hotel Majestic, a double bed is two twins made separately and then pushed together with a small blanket at the bottom. They make their beds by putting on the bottom sheet, then the top sheet, blanket, another top sheet, and then tucking the entire affair under the mattress. Anyone who has stayed in a hotel where this is the common practice knows that when you untuck your bed to get into it the bottom sheet comes out as well, and unless you really want to slide around all night you have to re-tuck the bottom sheet in. Imagine now that you are staying with your husband / wife / signficant other, and you have to separate the beds (they are on rollers), untuck the beds completely, retuck in the bottom sheets for both beds, then push the beds back together. There is no interaction between parties in the separate beds, because you will fall through the crack between the beds (made especially dangerous since the beds are on rollers). EVERY NIGHT FOR A WEEK I went through this bedtime routine; I have stayed in many hotels where there are twins pushed together for a double bed, but they ALWAYS make the bed as ONE bed, not two separate beds pushed together. It was absolutely infuriating, ridiculous and completely stupid for a five-star hotel. Aside from this huge flaw, the housekeeping was very good.However, after a week of being completely frustrated by what I perceived to be a lower-range Westin or even Sheraton, I discovered something that really made me laugh - they do roaring cruise trade!! As I waited on a sofa by the elevators on my (thankfully) last day, I saw streams of cruisers walking by, all dressed in cruise wear, all much more poorly dressed than we were and much less travel savvy. It made me smile to think that all these obviously high-class Barcelona hotel clerks and bar waiters had to deal with these people all the time, and what a strain it must be for them to have to lower themselves to actually speaking with such riff raff!My advice: stay somewhere else. The location is OK, but not great; the staff are generally pretty much up themselves and what should be a welcoming comfortable place winds up making you wish you were somewhere else. Avoid.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>LCWombat
<Content>A Good stay at the majestic       our corner room  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ntravinsky
<Content>Class and Comfort on the Passeig de Gracia       Entrance to the suite  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>co_rich_car
<Content>Wonderful Experience My husband and I recently stayed in this hotel for one night after returning from a cruise and loved it. Our room was large, comfortable and quiet. The staff was professional and accommodating. One of the best things was that we were able to check in at 9:00 in the morning. After being on a very active cruise for twelve days and awake early that morning to disembark the ship by 8:00, it was very welcoming to have a room and safe place for our luggage. We had hoped that the hotel would store our luggage until check in time, but what a nice suprise to have a room ready. The location is ideal for sightseeing. It was so easy to use any form of transportation available in the city from this hotel and so many sights were within easy walking distance. Overall, this five star hotel was comfortable and convenient and the service was excellent without being overwhelming.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bembridge
<Content>It is okay, but not great for a 5 star This was actually the 2nd time I have stayed at the Hotel Majestic in Barcelona. The first was about 3 or 4 years ago on a long weekend break. This time I was here for work.I cannot work out if I like it or not, and probably overall am indifferent and think there are much better hotels offering better value and service in the city.On the plus side, it has a great location right in the centre of the upmarket shopping area on a very wide and attractive boulevard. In addition to shops there are many great restaurants as well as being near to attractions like a Gaudi museum. There is a small but attractive roof terrace with pool with great views (closed for renovation until about April 2008).The rooms are very varied in size. This trip I had a large room which was very quiet as at the back of the hotel and not overlooking the main road. The air-conditioning is very quiet which is a boon as I hate air-conditioning noise and in most hotels have to switch it off at night no matter how hot or cold it gets!The rooms feel dated and uninspired decor wise, although they are not shabby at all. The bed and pillows were very comfortable and this combined with the quiet made for a great night sleep.There are some strange things like very limited cupboard space and no easy access to a plug for your PC (at the desk you have to reach behind the desk to try and get a plug in).The food is ok but nothing unusual.If I had a choice of coming back here or staying somewhere else for the price (as it is a 5 star), I would chose somewhere else.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>suzy39
<Content>Quite simply a fabulous hotel Stayed at the majestic for three nights in November. I was concerned after reading the reviews about this hotel but all that I can say is that I had absolutely no complaints about this hotel. For it to be ranked 50 on tripadvisor is a serious error - it should be in the top 5. Our room was a superior twin room and was bigger than some hotel rooms I have stayed in in Europe. ALL the staff were a credit to the hotel; in particular Tim at reception and the lady at concierge who both gave us fabulous recommendations for dinner each evening.(if you are looking contempary catalan food try the Windsor - the food was exquisite). Nothing was too much trouble for the staff in this hotel. During our stay the hotel's pool was under reconstruction and will be until April 2008 so if pools are a must for your holiday be aware - they were not for us so we did not care about this. Whilst this is a 5 star hotel it thankfully did not have the overbearing pomp and ceremony that some 5 star hotels have (which was a very welcome relief!!) and you did not feel self conscience when walking through the hotel in jeans and t-shirts. Special word of thanks to the Manager Bruno - every email I sent was answered promptly and the hotel went out of their way to beat the prices that I had been quoted on various internet sites. The cava and fruit basket were truly appreciated. I would not hesitate at all to stay in this hotel as it was quite simply fabulous.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alexincali
<Content>Excellent Stay! You must stay here!       Majestic Hotel Rooftop  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ash_stu
<Content>Willing to give a second chance We stayed at the Majestic in November 06,The room was quite small and dark (overlooking a fire escape) for the price paid but it was very clean and the staff was very helpful. We are planning to visit the hotel again in January 08 and have book a superior room which I am hoping is a bigger and brighter room than before. We said we would give the hotel a second chance as the staff made a lasting impression on both my self and my wife We arrived around 11am and checked in straight away no problem which was great. The location is great with plenty of bars and restaurants within walking distance. Overall we enjoyed your visit which is why we have chose to stay again but would not be impressed if the room size is not greatly improved.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ngman
<Content>There must be better value than this in Barcelona! Considering how expensive this hotel is, I don't think it really offers the best quality available in Barcelona.The hotel's location is great and (if the weather is good), the rooftop terrace is a great addition (although the pool is probably better for kids to splash in rather than trying to actually swim in).The beds are big (generally queen size) but the rooms are a tad on the small side - especially at the lower end of the hotel's scale.I was surprised to be asked to pay for a stamp when I asked the reception desk to post a letter on my behalf - hotels of this standard rarely ask for the price of a stamp.The restaurant (Drolma) is fantastically expensive (min. 鈧?0 for a starter or main!), but I subsequently learnt it has a Michelin star and the food is incredible - well worth the experience. My tip - go for the set menu, which is good value for money. Drinks, for a restaurant of this quality were surprisingly reasonable (around 鈧? a glass).  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gayler104
<Content>Great Location We arrived at the hotel at approximately 9 AM, however it was 3 Am for us! We were immediately offered our room. In reading prior reviews I remembered that one should first ask to view the room. We were told that the room was the smallest avaialble, but if we would wait until later in the afternoon we could get a larger room. We opted to take the small room so we could get to sleep immediately. The room was very small, but extremely immaculate. The bathroom was very modern. The view was awful, but we were never in our room long enough to have that be a problem. The breakfast buffet was adequate for us, but not as fabulous as other travelers had written. It certainly had everything we required, but if you're looking for omelet stations etc, forget it! The location was just perfect. The roof top pool area had a lovely view of the city. We would definately return to the Majestic.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CBR11
<Content>Majestic hotel for a long weekend Stayed for 4 nights and was really impressed with the location and exterior of the hotel on first impression.Room was adequate and had robes,slippers etc. Bathroom was fine and everything was really clean.We had a superior room which was just o.k in size but for the price I was slightly disapointed. I had emailed through to inform the hotel it was my wifes 40th birthday we were celebrating and requested a high floor . I again asked on booking in but was informed that the 2nd floor was the highest floor available for the price. I would have thought the hotel of this standard would have marked such a celebration with a card or something.Breakfast was very good and provided a great selection , and the rooftop pool was a great place to relax after a hard days sightseeing.Had a superb meal at the Windsor restaurant, not far from the hotel - highly recommended.Drinks in the hotel were expensive but the service was good and that is the price in this type of hotel. I booked directly through the hotel by phone and the deal included 2 tourist bus tickets.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>malee47
<Content>Great Location       Front of hotel  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>JB_Parrothead
<Content>Not even close to 5 star service This hotel has plenty to offer but falls short on many levels. Our situation was a problem for them from the beginning. The issue---we were 3 adult travelers seeking 1 room. I contacted the hotel via e-mail to request our options. The only single room option was to book a junior suite, which was 400 euros per night plus 50 euros for the extra person. So that is what I booked.We stayed 3 nights. The problem was room service and housekeeping never got their act together and provided accommodations for 3 people. We had 2 of everything from drink glasses to bath towels to bath robes to sets of bed pillows. We kept asking for more supplies, including the shampoos and each time they would bring them but the next day it went back to 2 of everything. Finally I went down to the lobby and demanded management fix the problem. The lobby manager told me to return to my room and tell housekeeping what I wanted. I told him that he should deal with housekeeping, not me. I find this unbelievable in a 5 star hotel and told him that loud and clear.Other problems we encountered were the extra bed never had the same feather pillows the king bed had; other rooms had white bath robes and black pool robes--ours only had 2 white ones; the extra bed for the first 2 nights was actually just the sofa which they made up as a bed but there was no mattress pad, just a sheet over the sofa seat; the extra bed linens were only 2 sheets, no blanket was supplied and the pillow was a 12 square throw pillow with a case on it; one day the sofa was made up as a bed all day long rather than making it up that way only in the evening so we had no place to watch TV or visit; every night only 2 of the 3 beds got turn down service. It was basically the poorest 5 star service I have ever received.There were some good things about this hotel. The location was perfect, right in the middle of things yet off The Ramblas, which all 3 of us preferred. The rooftop bar and swimming pool were both wonderful. Every night we went up to the roof for drinks and music, the view was a great end to a long day of trekking all over BCN. The breakfast was among the best we had anywhere in Spain.I realize we would not have had these problems if we were 2 to a room, but they did take our extra 50 euros and they did agree that 3 could be accommodated in 1 room so I fault the hotel entirely. The manager did give us an additional free standard room on our 3rd night, but I had to insist she do something more than her first offer which was a free breakfast on our last day. This negotiation took an hour, in the US it would have been a given. At no time did I get the impression that management would do almost anything to make it right--both managers I dealt with were really not interested in going above and beyond to assure our stay was a good one.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>rockland22
<Content>great location hotel majestic was a great hotel , located right on passieg de gracia, everything was in walking distance. roof top pool offered some majestic views!!! the junior suites bathroom was amazing as well BIG shower and separate tub.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jbtexas
<Content>Very good location, very comfortable hotel The Majestic is a very comfortable, upscale hotel located in the center of Barcelona's shopping district on the Passeig de Gracia. As such, the location puts you right in the center of shopping action, a six block walk to Placa de Catalunya, two blocks from Gaudi's Casa Mila and two blocks from a metro station and Turistic bus stop (both north and south routes). This makes the location hard to beat, and is away from the noise of Las Ramblas (Rambla de Catalunya is a block away, but it is much quieter than Las Ramblas from Placa de Catalunya to the coast). If you want a hotel central to it all, but yet away from the tourist crowds of Las Ramblas or Barri Gotic, this hotel is hard to beat.We also found the hotel rooms quite comfortable and have absolutely no complaints about our four night stay there. We arrived at the hotel after our overnight flight from the US at 9:30 am and were able to get right into our room. I don't know if this is the norm, but we were sure pleased with this! Our room was #646, which was one price notch above a standard room. We found the room very comfortable with everything in good working order. Only two small minor observations about the room. If there was a clock, we could not find it. I realize that most European hotels don't have table top clocks a la American hotels, but for a hotel in this price range, I would have expected something. Also, there were no facial wash cloths. Again, very typical for Europe, but again at this price point, I was a bit disappointed. Our room was an interior room, so we had no view, but we also heard no outside noise. From the evacuation chart on the door of the room, it appears that rooms vary considerably in size. If you want a large room, I'd suggest calling the hotel direct to make a reservation. Further, if you look very closely at the hotel photos on the hotel web site, you will see that the floors are not level. You will climb up and down sets of steps as you go from one end of the floor to the other (there are two separate elevator banks - one on the Passeig de Gracia side, and one half way down the Valencia side). If you are staying at the hotel on a US dollar bankrolled vacation, you may wish to think twice about dining at the in-house acclaimed Drolma restaurant. Even without wine, your bill will approach or exceed $300. The food was fine, and the service attentive, if a bit rushed, but for $300, I would be hard pressed to say it was worth it. If your home currency is anything other than the US dollar, I'd recommend the restaurant.The hotel has a rooftop lounge / lap pool / deck area. There are much better places to get an elevated view of Barcelona (Castell Montjuic, Tibidabo, Parc Guell for starters), but it is a pleasant place to relax. If you want to save a few euros (and for US visitors, you'll need to!), rather than patronizing the hotel restaurant (Condial) for breakfast, you may want to consider Fresh  Ready, a small cafe a block and a half south on Passeig de Gracia. You can get cereal, fruit, pastries and coffee / tea and then sit out on sidewalk tables watching people go to work - not a bad way to start a vacation day! Fresh  Ready is open all day, and sitting at a sidewalk table with a sandwich / salad / beverage makes for some great people watching.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chicagohotmama
<Content>Excellent Hotel - from Chicago My boyfriend  I stayed at this Hotel from August 31 through Sept 5, 2007 through recommendation of Trip Advisor  our traveling agent. The hotel is in a good location with lots  lots of places to eat and also high end shopping! It's few minutes from the La Ramblas which was great! Our room was small and the bathroom was even smaller (regular European style I guess) but clean and spotless nontheless. The breakfast was amazing! There was a wide selection of fruit, meats(bacon, sausages etc), eggs, freshly squezed OJ, Muffins  bread to choose from....... I love to eat, what can I say!!!!! You could see several of the Gaudi buildings from the balcony...... (nice view). The roof top was an added bonus. It had geat view of the Sagrada Familia. However, the dirnks from the bar were extreamely EXPENSIVE! One little can of coke cost 8 Euro. The pool was a bit small. Part of the hotel was under construction and that was a little bit of a distrction for us cause they kept moving breakfast locations everyday...; so one day you could be eating in the main dinning and the next in the basement. It was kinda of a surprising element waking up and going down for breakfast not knowing where it would be! :)- All in all, we loved this hotel and I will definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>LOVESVACATIONING
<Content>Loved the Majestic Majestic certainly was majestic !!! Great hotel. Nice rooms. Staff friendly. Great location. Thanks Bruno.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tempcooler
<Content>Pleasant Stay We stayed in the Hotel Majestic for 3 nights in August. The location is great, on a beautiful tree lined block in the center of the shopping district, close to several Gaudi buildings and walkable to La Rambla. We got a pretty good 3 nights for the price of 2 deal via the hotel website. The service was quite good. Attentive, spoke good English. The rooms are clean and nice, and size wise about what we expected (smallish, about average by European standards). We got the superior room that added a small sitting area which probably was worth it to make the room feel a bit more spacious. The internet service is very expensive which was a drawback. The room had a funny smell each time after it was cleaned. We got used to it after a while, but it was weird. The main lobby was undergoing renovation and the temp lobby is small and can get crowded. Overall it was a nice stay. You have to be realistic with what you can get for your money in Barcelona and while the Majestic was not super luxurious it was comfortable and upscale.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LuluJai
<Content>Shame about the work!       Floor plan - indication of room size  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>360traveller
<Content>Nice, but too many faults Spent 5 nights (in Aug 30 - out Sep 4) at bargain rate of approx $200 US per night booked on line thru an internet wholesaler. Arrived very early in AM on the 30th and was told the house was full and check in time was 3PM. So, we headed for roof top pool deck and hung out and dozed on chaise for a couple of hours. Around 10AM, we headed down thru lobby and discovered our room was ready. Having read the Trip Advisor warnings, we asked to see the room before taking our luggage up. It was 310, a twin bedded room in the back overlooking a parking lot and some air-conditioning unit. The front desk said it was a quiet room with lots of light. We demurred and insisted on a different room (and overheard others get upgrades at front desk) - and so we ended up in 729, with a balcony in front of hotel and a lovely view of Passeig de Gracia. Nice, light, quiet enough despite vehicle traffic outside.It was a somewhat painful time-consuming process to obtain an okay room. The room was smallish, bathroom functional but stonework in need of sprucing up. Mattress in need of replacement or rotation - I felt I would slide off the bed because the mattress leaned towards the telephone. Bedding okay - sheets decent enough quality. Plenty of pillows of different shapes and hardness. Message light on phone stayed lit for entire stay despite our numerous calls to front desk to address it. Housekeeping excellent. Hard finding any English speaking TV stations on the lovely flat screen TV. Turn down service nice touch. No noise from hallway.Elevators (all sets of them)- pathetically slow, at times, and small and hot. Hotel lobby and fancy restaurant undergoing some sort of renovation (someone said the air conditioning system was being fixed). Breakfast (included in price) was served in a conference room on lobby level our first 3 days and then in usual location (sub-basement level) last two days. Nice buffet selection...attentive service. No complaints. Free newspapers (some in English).The hotel has a decent gym area near the pool on roof as well as sauna and steam room. The sauna and steam can be used only upon payment of fee and with reservation. Plenty of chaises and chairs on roof, from which you can see Sagrada Familia Church, port, Montjuic- etc etc. Great views.The hotel is less than one block from Passeig de Gracia metro station which is very convenient to get down to Ramblas or to Barciloneta (sic) or anywhere. We took a Renfe train from that station to Sitges this past Sunday. Hotel is okay walk (slightly downhill) to Placa Catalon, but you'll will find the slight street grade incline makes the return walk a bit more grueling. Hotel was longer walk from Placa Catalon than we would have liked.Free ice and lemon and lime flavored water available 24/7 off lobby, along with red and green apples.Concierge extremely gracious and generous with time, advice, restaurant recommendations and reservations. Last night, we had ballet tickets at Liceu and had to depart hotel before Cafe d'Academia opened and could confirm. We headed for the popular restaurant after our show ended and, sure enough, hotel had come through with sought after reservation. Kudos to Concierge Christine and her colleagues.Despite its many features, I would be inclined to stay in a hotel in the Barri Gotic next time or, much more likely, the fabulous Hotel Arts right on the beachfront in Port Olympic, but a five minute walk from old city. We toured that hotel, and the rooms and views are impressive.I feel we got our money's worth at the Majestic, but only because we landed a terrific internet rate.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Momomax
<Content>Great location; Disappointing service We booked this hotel for 4 nights prior to a cruise based on Trip Advisor recommendations. We had high hopes, given that it seems to be rated at least a 4-star hotel. I don't have comparisons, as I have never stayed in Barcelona before, but I would rate this hotel as no better than a Hilton in the U.S.The staff were helpful on restaurant recommendations, but otherwise indifferent. Our room was adequate/small and would have been quiet (even though facing the main street) except for a party with children in the next room who stayed up until 2:00 am every night screaming. I finally had to personally ask them to pipe the kids down. The hotel could not change our room as it was August and at full capacity.The hotel was also under renovation at the time we stayed, and the reception lobby was temporarily located at a side entrance. It was small and cramped. The baggage handling staff was insufficient. We waited 30 minutes for baggage assistance upon check-out, then hauled our luggage down ourselves.The rooftop lounge is lovely, but they charged $8 for a small soda - I didn't even consider ordering a mixed drink; as I recall they were in the $15 range.The only advantage I could see to this hotel is its' fabulous location - right in the midst of several Gaudi buildings, in walking distance to everything, and in the high end shopping area, which is much quieter than the mobbed La Ramblas touristy area. We paid $269/night by booking on the hotel web site (3 nights, with the 4th one free).All in all, a disappointment because of the noise, cost of the rooftop drinks, and indifferent service.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>gregoire90
<Content>Great hotel We stayed there together with my wife and daughter.The hotel is in a very good location close to the subway and major spots to visit in Barcelona.Our room was big and we could easily stay with our daughter (14) in the room. She slept in a (comfortable) sofa bed. We had a flat screen TV. There is internet access in the room but it is not free of charge.The hotel employees are very pleasant.There is a very nice view from the 10th floor (where the pool is) and the swimming pool is quite OK (although not huge, but we are in the center of Barcelona).The breakfast was great with almost everything you can expect (including freshly squeezed orange juice).The hotel definitely deserves its 5 stars.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Manacan
<Content>A 4 star hotel with 5 star pretentions This is the second time I have stayed at this hotel - I stay in good Barcelona hotels at least 6 times a year. The rooms are 4 star size and the bathrooms pokey (I had a superior room). The in-room internet, and films were not working, the general attitude of staff was functional but not particularly warm or welcoming. Apart from it's location it has very little to recommend it and in any case you can do a lot better in Barcelona for the bucks!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	2	2	1	

<Author>katy-in-california
<Content>Great Location  Great location- but anyone considering stay should find out if they are still doing lobby reconstruction- the make shift lobby was crowded, overheated and in chaos-espeically around checkin and out time- when entering or leaving the hotel you were always dodging tired guests and their piles of luggage. My room, faced a court yard where the construction workers sawed and hammered starting at 9am! Good thing I was an early bird as sleeping in would have been impossible. In addition there was a parklot resurfacing project going on next door- which included a loud sander that went from 10-5 each day sort of putting a damper on the thoughts of any mid afternoon siestas. My inquiries about the noise at the front desk were met with shrugs- which I think was the most disappointing thing- since I was out of the room for the most part, I didn;t make a stink and request another room- but they did not offer any solutions as well- disappointing for a supposed 5 star hotelOn the positive was the location, and the rooms themselves were clean, roomy and up to date- also the bar at the top of the hotel has a great view and is a perfect place to end the day with a drink. Because of the location and the nice rooms, I would consider staying there once construction was completed- but just thought I would give a heads-up to fellow travelers...  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>TripMeAnytime
<Content>Pleasant Stay Based on reviews  comments here we booked the Hotel Majestic for one night prior to a cruise. We booked on line via the hotel web site  exchanged a couple of emails requesting an extra bed in 2 of the 3 rooms. We arrived late due to a missed flight  all rooms were ready as requested with the extra beds. Check in was efficient. We chose to have dinner in the hotel restuarant becaue we were too tired from travel to wander. The food was good tho not cheap. Rooms were clean  comfortable. We took a city tour the next morning so had them store our bags. The only negative was the main lobby was under construction or cleaning  a side lobby was being used. It was very crowded  noisy. A pleasant stay all around. Location is good for walking around tho it's a little farther to Las Ramblas than I had thought.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>bronant
<Content>great location Stayed at the Majestic for 3 nights in early August.Room on 5th floor was bit small but spotless,nice bathroom but no tea/coffee.Breakfast was first class in very nice dining room and excellent service.Rooftop pool was too small and limited seating.Location was really good in the Passeig de Gracia next street to Las Ramblas.We took the Renfe train from the airport to Passeig de Gracia station,as you come up the steps from the station the hotel is about 100m along the street..easy.Bus Touristic stop about 50 m from the hotel.Would stay here again and recommend it but would rate it as a 4 star in a good location.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>KMichigan
<Content>Great Hotel! Excellent hotel in a perfect location. Rooms were decorated very nicely, spacious, clean and very comfortable. We especially loved the rooftop lounge!! I used the travel advisor to select this hotel and I agree 100% with the positive reviews. Would definately stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pafcio80
<Content>Definatelly not a 5 star hotel My partner and I have returned from Barcelona two days ago where we spent 6 nights at The Majestic Hotel. When I was booking this trip, I wanted the hotel to be in a great location and at least 4-5 star. I do have to say that the location is great. It's located on a street filled with expensive stores, and lots of tapas places. You can easily walk to any major tourist attraction and if you'd like to take the metro, the stop is within a block away.After looking at the pictures of what the hotel looks like, I definitely knew that it looks luxurious. However, I was wrong. First of all, they are renovating the hotel so the photos that you see on their website of their front entrance and the lobby are not accurate. The entrance is on the side of the building and the lobby is very small. We booked a Classic Room which consisted of one room and a bathroom. The room was small with one bed that supposed to be queen size but it was full size. There were marks on the walls in some spots. The quality of the furniture was definitely not 5 star. The hotel splurged on a small flat screen tv for the room but there was no iron or an alarm clock! If we wanted to get up early we had to call the lobby every time. The bathroom was small but nice. Although within the whole time we stayed there the bulb in one of the sconces on either side of the mirror was out and they have not replaced it. Other than that, the housekeeper came every day. Cleaned the room, changed the sheets and towels.Roof deck has some great views but it's not big. It also has a pool with unheated water and it's pretty small. They serve drinks on the roof deck but the prices are outrageous. I travel a lot and never had a drink for 18 euros. Also, if you want any advice on how to get somewhere, ask the ladies at the front counter. They are the most helpful.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>pna
<Content>Very nice, but ... Recently returned from staying here for three nights. Hotel was really nice though I don't think I'd say it was a 5 star luxury hotel as described! Room very comfortable, large and clean but surprised at no turn down service at all throughout stay! Ordered tea when we arrived from room service as were on a late flight - price was pretty ridiculous! Rooftop views were excellent but again, drink prices were a bit silly. Can't comment on the food as we didn't eat at the hotel at all. Good location though and very friendly staff and probably would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>sixnohit
<Content>It was okay for one night. I thought that Hotel Majestic was a very beautiful and elegant hotel. That being said, I found it a little boring. Maybe it was just the area. I stayed at Hotel 1898 on La Rambla earlier in the week and I found it to be a much more lively hotel...again I'm sure it was the area. The staff was very helpful. I needed an extension cord for my CPAP machine and it was waiting for me in my room when I got back from dinner. Speaking of dinner, one of the check-in specialists suggest a fantastic tapas bar a couple of blocks away from the hotel. It was trememdous. So if you're staying at Hotel Majestic and you want fantastic tapas, ask about Cerveceria Catalana. You won't be sorry. Oh by the way, make sure you fill out a comment card. You get a free gift. I got a very pretty mug.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>NS1812
<Content>Great hotel, amazing location! Stayed here on 21st July for 3 nights. Welcomed by very pleasant and helpful staff in a nicely decorated lobby. Granted an early check in and late checkout despite being very busy. Room was very comfortable and spacious, with clean modern bathroom. Service was fantastic, fulfilling my every need. Roof top pool small, but amazing views of barcelona. At night it becomes 'Dolce Vita', a beautiful bar, with an in house DJ playing lounge music, good selection of drinks, and as mentioned before, amazing view! Must check it out. The location of the hotel is probably the most expensive area of Barcelona, surrounded by designer shops. Can't beat it!Only downside is expensive room service (15 euros for 2 teas)! But would definitely stay here again.Barcelona is a great city..check out Agua, restaurant on beachfront, and ask for a table outside.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SupersonicFlyGirl
<Content>5 Stars?!?! You're kidding, right? I am currently staying at the Hotel Majestic. I had my business travel agent book this hotel based largely on the reviews on TripAdvisor. Upon checking in, I asked about the size of the room, as I had read some reviews complaining that some rooms were quite small. (Also, as I was checking in, I overheard 2 people trying to change rooms because they weren't happy with their first rooms). I must compliment the front desk clerk who helped me check in. She was extremely nice, but when I asked her about whether my room had a view or was a nice size, she frowned and said, that yes, indeed, I had been booked in one of the smaller rooms, but a nicer, larger room was available if I was willing to pay more. Since I have been traveling on business in Europe for more than a week and desperately needed sleep, I decided the extra charge was worth it for a better room, so I took it. While the room does have an extra sitting area, I have to say that this room is NOT of 5 star quality. There are marks on the walls, the furniture upholstery is worn, and the overall qualilty is more of a 3.5 star hotel, as far as rooms are concerned. There is also the annoying LOUD sound of water rushing through pipes on the other side of the wall of the room, approximately once an hour. The lobby area is nice, and the general location of the hotel is quite good, but as a business traveler, I really want the rooms and beds to be nice and comfortable. This marginally passes those criteria, particularly for the price for this room. Also, there is no ethernet connection so I am connected to a wireless connection that is not very reliable. Location (and some good online reviews) were the deciding factors in choosing the Majestic. However, having been here one day already, I am disappointed and wish I had gone with my first inclination to stay at the Hotel Arts. I would encourage the Hotel Majestic management to update the rooms and also encourage restaurant staff to make foreign visitors feel a bit more welcome.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	4	2	1	

<Author>bazaEssex
<Content>fantastic Hotel just returned from a 3 night stay at the majestic, despite arriving 3 hours early, the hotel had our room ready in about 15 mins.the room was exactly as requested and we were very impressed with the service by the whole staff, the room was cleaned every day to a very high standard, we had breakfast every morning and it had a good selection of foodit made for a terrific base to explore barcelona,we look forward to returning next year but this time for a longer stay  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>dubbles
<Content>For a 5 star hotel where the official ranking does not go above 4, must do bette we were pleasantly surpised by this hotel - for a relatively cheap package deal we were expecting a lot, lot worse. Location was fantastic, rooftop bar and pool lovely (albeit expensive!) . Slightly annoying were the lifts that wouldn't take you up there at 11pm, despite the bar being open until 1.30am!I agree with other reviewers though that turn-down service and cleaning of rooms was erratic. Can't comment on the breakfast or the other facilities on the hotel as we didn't really make use of them. A big problem was the beds. Although very comfortable indeed, two small beds pushed together does not a romantic holiday make.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Lance11
<Content>Magnificent Hotel Nine nights in June. Spectacular one-bedroom suite which extraordinarily exceeded every other suite that I had during my month trip to Europe. The Majestic referred me to and outstanding English speaking well educated personal guide. Breakfast was superbly prepared and served. The roof-top pool was small but was a nice respite for cocktails and a gorgeous roof-top view of Barcelona. The cigar lounge is unparalleled.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Jumbotraveler
<Content>We Expected Better July 8, 2007-Brooklyn New Yorkthe Majestic is centrally located and makes a good home base to explore Barcelona but for over 300 Euros a night we expected more. Our room was on the first floor overlooking a the street and was quite noisy at night particularly when a couple of ambulances sped by. Also we were expecting a Queen size bed but our bed was two separately made twin beds put together-not what we expected for a romantic getaway. the room was clean and of average size- nothing out of the ordinary. Breakfast was good but the breakfast room was subterranean with no windows and a tad claustrophobic plus the coffee was weak compared to other European hotels. The elevators werent working well and it turned out to be a blessing that we were on the first floor when we had to walk up and down the stairs.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>MuttonHead
<Content>Nice but not spectacular Staying for 6 days. The rooms in general are typically sized for a big city, small. We upgraded when we arrived to a more expensive room because the one we were put in was among the smallest in it's range, lower floor, and smelled of smoke. I'd hate to see what the base level room looked like. Also as might be typical of Europe, although I'm not sure, there is no iron supplied in the rooms. Maybe I'm just a spoiled America. Doesn't Motel 6 have irons?Indeed the location is excellent although noisy at times. The rooms are well sound proofed but that will only go so far when it comes to a horn happy culture. It is perhaps among the best locations in Barcelona as far as access, shopping and just plain action.As for the service it was OK but not great. Turn down service seemed to have vanished after the 2nd night. Oops they must have been listening, someone just showed up while I am writing this review. Now I won't have to call for towels. Also a call for a sewing kit the other night required a second call after it the first failed. A little nerve racking when your trying to make a dinner date.The roof deck offers a great view of the city with a small pool area, well equipped fitness room, and sauna. It can get busy. Unfortunately we did not get a chance to try the restaurant but heard it is among the best in the city, and as such is difficult to get into. The included breakfast buffet is excellent.Overall it is a decent hotel but does not overachieve, I would say it is average for the price. It seems higher end hotels just keep getting more and more expensive, but the service always seems to lag if not decline. The week dollar doesn't help the perception. I'm thankful for the relatively inexpensive wine and comparable food prices because a trip to Europe these days is not for the faint of heart when it comes to affordability.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>berniss
<Content>Great location...but disappointed We booked this hotel through our cruise line and felt comfortable that our 6 star cruise line would choose a very fine hotel for our stay.First the positive: the breakfast was excellent (one of the nicest we have ever had in Europe) and the location was very close to the information center, Ramblas, the tourist bus, and the Gaudi sites. We felt very safe walking in this area, even at night. We were to receive a prestige room and were expecting a room like the one pictured on the website. Instead, it was merely a classic room (the base room) with a balcony. The room and bathroom, while tastefully done, were quite small. Other cruisers, who stayed at various four star properties in Barcelona, and visited our room, said our room was not as nice as theirs and they paid considerably less. While the room wasn't miniscule, we paid for more, according to the picture, and expected more.Additionally, there was no concierge available and when we made restaurant reservations each night with the front desk , each night the reservations were wrong. The first night, the gentleman at the desk rang the restaurant we were told no reservations were needed and to go directly to the restaurant. THere was a long line and we had to wait for 40 minutes. The next night, even though we wrote out what we needed, the time of the reservation was wrong and we found out that they made the reservation an hour earlier than we requested. There was no confirmation as we are used to in a hotel of this class.Even room service was lacking, for two days they never emptied our waste paper basket.Lastly, porterage was supposed to be included in our package, yet our porter, who was very nice, told us he was not informed of this and wanted his tip. It was very embarrassing.We have stayed at a number of four and five star hotels and were disappointed at the poor service levels and value for our money. It is certainly not what one expects of a hotel of this calibre.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>peachtulip
<Content>Great Location but some concerns I stayed at this hotel in the beginning of June with my husband. It's located in a central location where it's easy access to many shopping areas and tourist attractions. Hotel staff are generally friendly. The roof top pool is small but it's well worth an afternoon spending up there. The breakfast was well worth too - great selection and comfortable environment. Two issues with my stay - first, the floral arrangments that were displayed throughout the hotel in the first few days of my stay were made with strong scent of lilies. Some people might be allergic to that - I personally had to cover my nose when walking in. A more thoughtful selection on the flowers might be a good idea since guests travel from all over the world and allergy is quite common in some countries.Second, we brought a periodical on the plane to read and put it in the bathroom when we got to the hotel - it's a weekly paper that my husband had collected over 15 years, not one single issue was missing. Two days before we checked out, we found that a corner of it was torned. We thought it was just an accident by the maid. Then the day before we checked out, we found it missing. So the next morning when we checked out, we notified the front desk and the staff there had us write down our resident address and said he would check with the maid. I was disappointed that no one apologized or showed any regrets about it - we are still waiting to see if it can be found and mailed.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Florida_Orlando_2007
<Content>Excellent hotel, excellent location, expensive breakfast. Majestic had excellent rooms, excellent location, courteous bellman and staff in general except for the front desk people which were a bit detached and not nice (a simple smile goes a long way especially in the service industry).Breakfast was $21 euros so it gets expensive with 2 children however they cut us a break for the kids and only charged half. Having said that, the breakfast was the BEST breakfast we had in Europe. The cheeses and other cold cuts were awesome.Great choice!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>Molly08
<Content>Great - but 1 Major problem Beautiful hotel on one of the best shopping streets. I booked throughthe hotels website and choose a Superior room. Staff we really helpful and kind.Now for the problem - our Queen size bed was actually 2 single beds, although the website does say queen size or twin beds when you pay over 1000Euro for a 3 night stay (room only) you dont expect to wake up on the floor after falling through the middle of them on the first night.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>admg1963
<Content>Another great stay This was my wife and my second visit to this hotel, this time with friends for the England game against Andorra in late March. We were not disappointed. We got a great deal from [--], which included a very good breakfast.The difference maker for the Majestic is definitely the location - most of the sights are easily accessible from here and you don't have the crowds and tat of Las Ramblas. There are loads of great tapas bars (Ciudad Condal at Rambla de Cataunya 18) and restaurants (El Glop, also Rambla de Cataunya) to name but two within easy walking distance.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>taftaf
<Content>4 stars hotel not more We did arrived at 24h00, with 2 larges laguages and the bell boy was near by and did not come to help us .The check-in at the reception was fine but at this time we were the only guest arriving .the bad surprise was the size of the room, we did booked a superior room and get a standard one . our room was the smallest one at the hotel . I did complain twice time and no body had the courtesy to give me any answear. Only one answear  just leave a message to the general manager  by the way i still waitibng the answear .Breakfast is correct .I can tell that the hotel should be 4 stars and not 5 stars .  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Curt44Wantagh
<Content>Great Hotel I researched the Barcelona hotels for over a month and decided on the Majestic because of a referral from one of my wife's patients. We rented two rooms as I took my granddaughter and our neice joined us as she was just finishing a semester in an exchange program. I had read some conflicting reviews and was concerned about our future stay. I was impressed that the marketing manager took the time to answer negative responses that where posted on this site.Our rooms where as described, maid service excellent, room service excellent, buffet breakfast worth the 20 euros. My only complaint is that the hotel does not have a person to help with restaurant recommendations or tour help other than all the people work at the front desk. They try but I like someone who will spend the time and effort to help me over my stay. I still rate our 7 day stay as excellent and would stay at the hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Pat6
<Content>Beautiful, welcoming hotel My sister and I stayed at the Hotel Majestic in Barcelona for a night this week. It was a wonderful stay. We reserved a regular room and when we went up to our room we were delighted to find that they put us in a junior suite with two balconies overlooking the Passeig de Gracia. Everything about the room was elegant and comfortable, from the sitting area to the beds to the large bathrrom with a jacuzzi tub/shower and another large shower. We came home to find a large fruit tray and a bottle of water in our room with a card welcoming us to the hotel. Our only, very slight, problem was when we decided to watch a movie in the room. There were no descriptions on the screen so we chose the only movie listed as a comedy (one we'd never heard of). It was actually a drama, somewhat of a thriller or action type movie. We mentioned that when we checked out and the man at the front desk immediately offered to take it off the bill (we declined since we had watched the movie). The people who work in the hotel were all very nice and very helpful and it's in a perfect location for seeing this beautiful city.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nicanriogh
<Content>old world elegance Recently stayed at Majestic, great location, near metro, shops and sight seeing. Hotel top class but some may find bar prices out of their league, otherwise excellent.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SuzanneGDerbyshire
<Content>Fantastic! Highly Recommended. This is a fantastic hotel, with real class and quality service.My husband and I stayed at the Majestic for three nights booking in 3rd March 2007, and from the first sight of the hotel to the last we were impressed all the way, from the look of the hotel from the outside to the well dressed doormen, amazing reception area, smart in appearance and manner are the reception staff and all very helpful and pleasant.Our room was at the front and overlooked the wonderful Passeig de Gracia, I agree with other reviews that the rooms are not large but neither are they tiny, they are very quaint but most importantly they are spotless and smart. The bed was very comfortable and it had beautiful white crisp quality bedding and there were lovely bathroom accessories which were replaced every day.We were pleasantly suprised when we were also greeted with a complimentary bottle of champagne, a lovely touch as it was my husbands birthday.We ate in the hotel on the first night in the restaurant on the ground floor, the tapas was fantastic and again the staff and service was excellent, five star plus if you ask me!We also had a drink at the bar on the roof top which does have fantastic views, and we had a drink in the bar on the ground floor listening to the wonderful tunes being played on the piano, qualtiy all around. Yes the drinks in the hotel are more than you would pay in an english bar but the views and atmosphere are well worth the price for the special occasion.I would not hesitate to recommend this to all family and friends, the hotel is immaculate, the staff are very helpful and friendly and the location is just perfect. The hotel is worth every penny, it is really worth saving up that bit extra and staying here.Thank you to all the staff at the Majestic for making our stay so special and exceeding all our expectations.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anonMidlands
<Content>Cannot beat the location The hotel is very central. All the designer shops are within the same block- Chanel is actually built within the hotel! we opted for a superior room which was small- god knows how small the standard room was....Do not eat in the restaurant unless you have alot of money..... straters are 30-50E and mains and 50-100E's!!! there are some nice restaurants off the side strreets along the Passig De Graci. Le Ramblas runs adjacent to Passig De Graci. The cathereral is just about in walking distance, although only go if you think it's a must see as it resembles a building site- full of scaffolding. The roof top pool is amazing- Cannot beat the view- we went early March and it was so hot I got sunburned!Also eat lunch on the beach next to Porto Olympic- very nice restaurants on the promenade and very reasonable.So to sum up the hotel is amazing..... staff very helpful and polite. The street is the most fancy in all of Barcelona and the location was incredible, but if you want a larger room opt for a suite.It is advisable to learn the basics in Spanish- not all the taxi drivers speak English- one didn't understand the word 'beach'Barcelona is so beautiful I will definately be going again  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrewCromwell
<Content>The Majestic Majestic       Room 1  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ckennedy7
<Content>It is exactly as it says on the tin, MAJESTIC! Arrived at hotel at night, and were greeted by reception staff and porters who were english speaking and took our bags up to our room. The room was moderate size and the bathroom was very stylish and clean. plasma tv with english tv channels. view was of back of the hotel - parking and backs of other buildings, but we did not request front facing (would have been lovely as view is fantastic). The hotel is on a main street and guys beware as chanel is built into the hotel with all the BIG brands within footsteps of the hotel! dangerous when your with a spendaholic. placa catalunya is about 5/10 min walk not far at all where you can get the tour bus and walk down to la rambla! hotel is in an amazing location for these sights! We had a couple of drinks in the hotel but as youd expect paid 5* prices, lovely though and great service!We would definately recommend this hotel for a weekend stay! its nice to stay in for a novelty but if u were staying for a week then a 3/4* somewhere on the same street would be ideal  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>highfly
<Content>Another great stay at the Majestic       Just a short walk away  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>luv2travel28
<Content>Great weekend We stayed at the Majestic Hotel during a long weekend to Barcelona in July. I had read some not so good reviews on Trip Advisor but after great investigation of other hotels in the area decided that the price and location was right.The hotel is very well located right on the Passeig de Gracia. This is a large boulevard filled with designer shops and restaurants as well as Gaudi architecture and frequent stops for the tourist bus. The room was nice and the bathroom large. I had upgraded to a Superior room but like other reviewers on the site I was not sure what more I got for my money. However I liked the room and we were at the end of the hall and on a quiet street. The room had all the normal amenities that you would expect of a good hotel, toiletries, bathrobe, slippers etc. 鈥?plus a comfortable bed. The TV had a good selection of satellite channels including BBC which is unusual for European cities, we usually only get the English news channels.We did not use the gym, room service or eat at any of the restaurants but we did use the pool on the rooftop. This was a great place although a bit crowded during the late afternoon when everybody wanted to get some late sun and have a quick dip. But that was ok because I knew it would be like that and prepared myself for it. I was just pleased that it had a pool as they are hard to find in city hotels. The pool area however came into its own in the evening. After a walk along Las Ramblas (which I have to say I didn鈥檛 like 鈥?a bit too rough for me) 鈥?it was wonderful to come back to the hotel and enjoy a nice glass of wine sitting up on the rooftop overlooking the lights of the city on a beautiful summer evening. Yes it was expensive 鈥?but you get what you pay for. If I had my choice between an expensive glass of wine on the roof of the Majestic or a cheap beer on Las Ramblas, I know which I would choose.Barcelona is a great city and there is a lot to do. We took the train out to Sitges and spent the day on the beach (well a few hours 鈥?it was 40 degrees) 鈥?plus we saw all that you should see in the city by using the tourist bus which allowed us to get on and off all day. If we went back to Barcelona we would have no hesitation in staying at the Majestic again 鈥?however we never tend to return to a place twice 鈥?there are too many places in the world to see.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Nico1611
<Content>Good hotel but expensive Excellently located, just steps from it all in Barcelona, the Majestic is a true 4 star hotel. The rooms are quite functional, though standard rooms are a bit small (we had two, a standard and a nice superior). Service is overall impeccable, the fitness room on the rooftop a nice surprise, and so is the (unfortunately small) pool and the view from the roof. Breakfast is very generous, varied, and good. We didn't have a real chance to try the food at the hotel, for there is plenty of choice in Barcelona, but it seemed all right. On the down-side, this hotel is rather expensive, but the fact is accommodation is rather expensive in Barcelona, especially in the summer time... It is also a bit large, and it will seem impersonal to some.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>JDERV
<Content>Worthy of its Name I stayed at the Majestic more than 1 year ago, however I feel compelled to comment on this wonderful hotel after reading numerous other reviews.My experience with the Majestic was superb from check-in to check out. I found the staff to be very helpful. My room was a Jr. Suite with nice windows which opened to the Passig de Gracia - very nice feature. The amenities in the room were worthy of a 5 star hotel. The decor was modern and the room was very clean. The hotel fitness center is quite nice as hotels go. The equipment was new and the locaton on the same roof deck as the pool made for a very enjoyable time when finished. The views of the city from the roof top are oustanding.I did not eat in the hotel restaurants - however I did have some drinks in the off-lobby bar and again the service was incredible. I have no bad comments for this hotel - which in these days of travel is a fine statement about the service and facilities available at the Hotel Majestic. Outstanding.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kebablover
<Content>Sheer Class This was our 5th visit to The Majestic. Our previous trip being in March. On this occassion, we were given a fantastic room. As a last minute present for my wife at xmas, I booked 4 nights over the festive period. Reservations were kind enough to allow us to book the same room number. When we arrived, we were greeted with a very warm welcome and told our usual room was ready. It is no wonder that The Majestic has won a major hospitality award. If you have a few extra pounds in your budget, book a deluxe room. They are very spacious. How many times have you booked a suite and never used the lounge? This is the best of all worlds. My wife and I have stayed at some of the worlds top hotels and appriciate the nice things in life. You just know that this place works bloody hard to look after their visitors. Room number......... ah! that would be telling!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sirmeone
<Content>Do Not Recommend this Hotel The room was at the back of the hotel and did not get any natural light from the outside. The beds were so sunken that it was impossible to sleep on them. These are the worst beds that we have seen in any hotel of this rating. Concierge presence was sporadic but the reception staff were quite helpful. The final bill contained some incorrect charges,so check your bills carefully. The hotel is overpriced. We will not stay there again even though it is in a good location.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	3	1	

<Author>KeithStanhope
<Content>Great choice for exploring Barcelona In these days when five stars is an over-used description of hotels, how refreshing it was to discover an authentic five star hotel that offers good value for money accommodation, tip-top housekeeping, and a high standard of customer care. Sure, it's expensive to drink in the hotel bar, but you get what you pay for. Breakfast was included in our package and was the only slight disappointment - great choice but not the highest quality. The roof-top pool area is fantastic, even in winter. Good location for many attractions and excellent nearby restaurants, cafes and tapas bars.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>VHarris
<Content>Very Expensive Me and my Husband stayed in the Hotel Majestic in August 2006 for 3 nights. On arrival we were shown straight to our rooms without a problem. Went down to the lounge bar were we had a Vodka and Lemonade  White wine, this cost 40.00 euro's, hence to say we never drank there again. The room was clean and spacious but without the view we had booked. No Tea or Coffee in room. To order this they wanted to charge us 5.00 euro's each for the milk and 5.00 euro's each for the coffee plus the tip the room service always expect.On another note, overall the Hotel was clean, elegant and the staff friendly. The Roof terrace was to die for - Fantastic and the views were breathtaking. Would stay there again but would research area a bit more instead of getting ripped off.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Wickedone64
<Content>Loved the Majestic Just got back from a 3 day trip to Barcelona. Stayed in the Majestic - wonderful hotel, excellent location, excellent service.Lovely city, easy to get round - the hop on hop off bus tour service was brillant. Never mind that we didn't speak a word of spanish as long as we could say gracias, buenas dias, hola and a few others we were fine. The room we were given was lovely - comfortable and clean. We dined in the restaurants, had room service, used the gym, had a massage. Everything was just wonderful. The views from the top were absolutely fantastic. If it was warmer would have used the swimming pool.The best thing about this hotel is the staff - they were wonderful -couldn't fault the service - nothing was too much trouble. Will definitely stay here again.Have pnly one tiny suggestion for the manager - don't know if it will be feasible - it would have been wonderful if there had been a choice of face, hand and feet treatments as well as massage.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>u2thousand
<Content>The most horrendous service i ever had to endure In a 4-day stay, not ONCE did housekeeping answer the phone. That is NOT an exaggeration. i called 3-4 times a day only to hear it ring incessantly. Occasionaly the Front Desk would answer the phone and then you had a 33% chance of getting a towel. Room 143 was very noisy (mechanical noises) at certain times of the night.Room was clean and nicely decorated.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	4	5	4	2	1	2	

<Author>amkrfc
<Content>Fabulous hotel       Hotel Majestic  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lw83
<Content>fantastic i stayed at the majestic last summer with my boyfriend for ten nights and it was absolutely brilliant. it is in a perfect location for sightseeing, being a short walk from las ramblas and from a lot of gaudi sights which i particularly loved. check in was swift and our luggage was taken up to our room very promptly. our room was lovely, it was not a suite but i believe it was the next up from a standard, the bathroom was small but it was nicely decorated and had everything you would want. we also were very fortunate to have our own small balcony as our room was situated just on the corner of passeig de gracia. on our first night there, we came back from the terrace to find we had been left a massive complemetary fruit platter and a bottle of champagne in our room which was really appreciated. the terrace was beautiful, especially at night as it has amazing views of the city. the pool is very small but then it is just a rooftop pool and was good enough to step into when it got too hot. the staff were on the whole very helpful and polite although certain reception staff were sometimes a little off hand with us. I would definately reccomend the hotel to everyone and will hopefully be back next year.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>T.A.User123
<Content>No customer attention! Overrated! Unfortunately, we cannot recommend this hotel at all. We booked the hotel upon research on tripadvisor for a leisure trip to Barcelona and booked an offer package online on their homepage. This offer included breakfast and a Barcelona-Bus-Ticket. Upon arrival we were advised that for whatsoever reasons this package was not available, and the price of the room stated on the page for the package is, therefore, merely for the room, i.e. excluding breakfast and ticket. After discussion with the reservation departement, we addressed this disappointment to the manager (Mr. Bruno Chiaruttini who also comments on the reviews on this page) who then claimed that the package was not even booked by us. We explained how the booking on their own (!) website (Offers/Packages) was proceeded and that if he indeed dares to argue that the package was, in fact, not booked, their system is not only misleading but, in fact, fraudulent. The complimentary offer of Bruno to solve the obviously unsatisfying situation was rather ridiculous: the breakfast was offered on 鈧?29 net p.p./per day, which meant, in fact, a reduction of appr. 鈧?4 compared to the regular price - and, as a matter of fact, excluding the ticket contained in the original offer!!! Further and even more embarrassing, the staff at reception etc. were quite rude and unhelpful. An urgent document sent by email to be forwarded to us as the guests in the hotel was not pro-vided to our room or handed out to us. We were not even noticed, it was only handed out reluc-tantly upon explicit request at the reception. Service is the least which you can expect and require in such a hotel!For us, the service and customer attention was a disgrace and, therefore, we would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Apple
<Content>Just perfect! The Hotel Majestic is an imposing building in Barcelona - absolutely beautiful inside and out. As we travelled to Barcelona in December, the city already had a festive feel to it, but the hotel was tastefully decorated with white lights - so luckily we could always spot our hotel if we thought we had got lost.Our room wasn't cheap but I think we did had a budget room - although it was still very plush. We did have an internal wall on the other side or our window, but that did mean there was no street noise. The hotel was perfectly located for transport and walking around the city. I would definitely recommend this hotel.The view from the top floor (where incidently there is a small roof top pool) is amazing, including all the fantastic sites of the city. Great to see at night time.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	-1	4	5	4	

<Author>jay101
<Content>nice but expensive i stayed here for 2 nites, and thought it was really nice.But it is insanly expensive.. 鈧? for a bottle of beer in the hotel - ok i wasnt paying (thank u boss) for anything so didnt have to worry :) the roof top bar has a pool and a fab view !! but the bar staff there are soooo slow.. i think they are told to work in a certain way and thats that - no deviation allowed. Rooms are nice, nice comfy bed, power shower. its in a good location metro v near. staff that i had contact with were friendly and helpful. we had dinner in the restraunt which was ok i though (its has a michelin star ) but others thought otherwise and went to mcdonalds a few mins away after ;) all in all, nice hotel, but i certainly couldnt afford it. (again thank u boss.. :) !  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilly09
<Content>Rude, Hostile and Unhelpful Staff I stayed at the Hotel Majesic for 3 nights for a large professional meeting. Although the hotel is lovely- well appointed, clean and in a great location, I found the conference and reception staff to be completely horrible. Although the staff seem to be well trained, they are rude, unhelpful and downright hostile. No one professed to speak English, despite the reviews at this site noting the contrary. Any attempts to speak Spanish were met with eye-rolling and uncomprehension. The reception staff were unwilling to expend any effort in assisting with even the simplest of questions. I regret that my impressions of Barcelona were marred by this rude treatment.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	4	4	4	1	1	3	

<Author>kulov
<Content>Great roof bar This hotel is right in the middel of the city, the rooms were ok, but what really makes this hotel is the roof garden, pool and bar. During the day and night you can see right into the heart of the city. Unfortanely the hotel lacks the glamour of the Arts. Be sure to ask for Steve the head bar man on the roof bar makes great cocktails.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Pantani
<Content>Excellent location, good hotel Myself and a group of friends stayed for 3 nights over a weekend.All of the staff were very helpful, speaking excellent English.The location is excellent, within 150m of 2 Gaudi buildings and perhaps a mile from the Sagrada Familila, it is a very stylish part of town.The gym is more than adequate, with bikes, treadmills, stairclimbers, some free weights and a multi gym. The rooftop pool is small, more of a plunge pool than anything to swim in, but perfect to cool down in.I thought our twin room (504) was small, the beds were cosily close together !! but the room is otherwise well appointed. The walls must be thin, as I could hear the taps running in 503.The TV had Sky News, BBC 12 and ITV, plus a number of other European channels.Didn't eat in the hotel.We went to the indoor Cart racing track, it's about a Euro 25 cab ride away, I'd never done it before and thought it was great fun, if you're going, prepare to get sweaty.Clearly for any sport fans the Camp Nou is an experience not to be missed and it is easily accessible from this hotel on the Metro (which is very easy to use) or in a taxi.Taxis are cheap in Barca, but I do live in London !!!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>Kitt_J
<Content>Most beautiful hotel in Barcelona! We stayed at the Hotel Majestic for two nights prior to going on a cruise. We loved it from the moment we walked into the beautiful lobby. The staff was very professional and treated us very well. They all spoke excellent english. We chose this hotel because it was an older hotel that had been renovated. Therefore, it maintains its stately charm, but still allowing us all of the modern conveniences. The breakfast buffet was wonderful.It was within walking distance of Las Ramblas and just a couple of blocks from the subway, which took us to other beautiful sights in Barcelona.Our vacation was a trip of a lifetime and we will probably not get the opportunity to get over to that part of the world again. Hotel Majestic certainly added to the magic of our dream vacation.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Keung
<Content>A great stay again at the Majestic Another great short break stay at the Majestic. This is a very good hotel, we had stayed there a few times before and knew what to expect. We booked a junior suite which was modern, clean, spacious, and necessarily cool with the air con. We had also paid for the buffet breakfast in advance which was very good.Great location for doing most of the touristy stuff with a Metro station located a very short walk from the hotel entrance. Do not fear the Barcelona Metro - it is generally, quick, efficient, clean, and all the trains have air con.Our suite had 2 showers in the bathroom area and jacuzzi.The seperate seating and dining area had plasma tv just off the bedroom area. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and will be returning to the Majestic next Summer.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hazellea
<Content>Great Location Just back from Barcelona and could not fault the Majestic at all. Super convenient. The Sagrada Familia is a stroll away as is the Ramblas. There is a metro station right outside the hotel which has not only the metro but Line 10 link straight to the airport !! The hotel is very very clean and the service is excellent. The roof top pool is beautiful during the day for relaxing and taking a bit of scenery at night it is a wine bar with a DJ but not noisy - very relaxed and trendy with lots of locals appearing for an evening drink. Ordered room service one morning and it was excellent otherwise we ate out. Well above average hotel  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>quicktravel
<Content>Great location We enjoyed our stay in the Hotel Majestic. We booked a double privileged room after I read the feedback on the classic rooms. We were upgraded to a junior suite since I had requested twin beds and they only had a double bed queen size. It was a cozy room and we enjoyed it even though it did not face the Paseig de Gracia. Try the Citrus and the Attic restaurants for a good dinner at reasonable rates. The location was super , close to La Rambla. We had an offer on breakfast 10 euros per person, it was a good deal. Would stay there again  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>BarnetB
<Content>Never judge a book by it's cover My friend and I stayed at the Majestic in August 2006 for 2 days. I had been to Barcelona previouusly and thought the Majestic looked beautiul from the outside and liked the location so I booked it by myself through the hotel. I found the front desk extremely unhelpful in offering any assistance upon our early arrival. I also asked them to please make a dinner reservation for us that evening and they neglected to call until late in the day at which point it was totally booked. However, they lied and said the restaurant was closed for the month of August. I sensed the lie and I called the restaurant from my room and found that the restaurant was open but fully booked. I also was very disappointed in my room. I would never go back to this hotel again. H. Seltzer (NYC)  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilson1208
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great Pool We stayed here for 3 nights. The room was large, very clean, beautifuly decorated, large bathroom. The views from the rooftop pool were amazing. The concierge was great on attractions, however, on dining, one of the places recomended was Bice -which is wonderful, but we can go there in NYC or Vegas, or such. However, overall experience there was excellent.It is a larger hotel, and on return trip I would want to try a smaller place -however, that might mean not having that amazing pool...  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tagoladad
<Content>Pricey  Ok鈥ere we go鈥e left JFK airport on Thursday afternoon July 13. We had a 5:40 PM flight that arrived in Barcelona at 7:45 AM on Friday. Although JFK was a little disorganized, Delta was just great. The flight was smooth as can be. When we arrived at BCN (Barcelona airport) we waited on a very short line (maybe five minutes) to pass through customs and immigration. Our bags were waiting on the carousel and we grabbed a luggage cart (there are no sky caps at the Barcelona airport and the luggage carts are free to use, just walk to the side of the carousel and grab one) and proceeded to the taxi stand. There was a long line of taxis waiting. We knew from these boards that the fare for the cab to the Majestic Hotel should have been around 25 Euros and it was exactly that price. We arrived at the Majestic about 9:00 AM. Great Hotel. As this was our first time in Europe we had nothing to compare it to, but we have stayed in the Plaza Hotel (not so great) the Waldorf Astoria (very nice) The United Nation Plaza (very nice) in New York, The Fairmont in San Francisco (best bed we ever slept in) as well The Princess in Acapulco (beautiful grounds) so even though we鈥檝e never been to Europe we鈥檝e been to a couple of nice hotels and the Majestic was certainly nice. We had room #701, a junior suite overlooking the Passeig De Gracia, the hotel is situated between two Gaudi buildings, the Batllo and La Pedrera. The hotel is just a few blocks from the top of Las Ramblas (there are definitely hotels a lot closer to Las Ramblas) and is on both the RED and BLUE line of Bus Turistic. The staff and concierge at the hotel were excellent. Everyone speaks English, the hotel was immaculate, the staff very friendly, and the room huge. We freshened up and hit the streets. When my DW and I talked about jet lag with our friends, everyone advised us 鈥渘ot to go to sleep鈥?so we didn鈥檛. Even though we hadn鈥檛 slept the entire evening (save for a few winks on the plane) we forged ahead and went for a walk and breakfast on the Passeig De Gracia. After a nice omelet at an outdoor caf茅 we bought tickets for the Bus Turistic and made the Sagrada Familia our first stop. The church is quite impressive from the outside so we decided to go inside as well. The line in front of the bus stop was huge so my DW and I figured that we would just walk around the church, see the whole thing take a few pictures and get back on the bus. As we circled the block we found another ticket window around the corner that had absolutely no line, so we bought tickets and went inside. There is an elevator that goes to the top, but the line was very long and we didn鈥檛 want to wait. We asked if there were stairs but we were told that there weren鈥檛, so we just walked around for a little bit and left. My DW then walked through the small, limited gift shop but didn鈥檛 get anything. Across the street from the church was a great gift shop that had some really beautiful things. We went to a local supermarket in the neighborhood, walked around a little bit and then got back on the bus and made the Parc Guell our next stop. The bus stops on at the bottom of the hill several blocks from the parc. It is a long uphill climb on a very narrow street to get up to Parc Guell. It was very hot (the middle of the afternoon in the middle of July) but the views from the Parc were well worth it. The parc has a beautiful entrance (mosaic dragons and lizards line the steps) and the columns, corridors, open spaces and buildings are really incredible. The panorama overlooks all of Barcelona. Just an incredible view. There is a small snack stand with shaded umbrellas at the top where we enjoyed some ices. We then took the outside path of the parc down to the main street, which led us back down the hill to the bus stop. By now it was about 4:30 or 5:00 PM. We took the bus back to the Hotel Majestic (seeing quite a bit of the city along the way) and took a short nap and got ready for dinner at 9:00. The concierge recommended a restaurant called Botafumiero. It is a seafood restaurant that had great fish and Paella. With wine and tip, dinner for 2 was 100 Euros. Certainly not cheap, but we loved it. When we arrived at the restaurant at 9:00 PM we were one of the only diners in the restaurant. When we left at about 11:30 the place was packed. We took a cab back to the hotel to get ready for tomorrow. We woke up Saturday morning and my wife asked me to look at her watch to see what time it was. I asked her if she had changed her watch to Barcelona time. She said she had, and I said 鈥渨ell, then it鈥檚 12:15 PM. She made some comment about my age and my ability to see small numbers so I checked her cell phone and sure enough, it was 12:15. We felt great but we had slept for about 11 hours. We thought it was a small concession to the travel and the time change, went down to the internet caf茅 at the hotel (20 Euros for the duration of your stay), did our business and then I went out to get us some coffee and rolls. We are both big coffee drinkers so we didn鈥檛 mind the espresso that they serve in Spain. Got dressed and then took a cab down to the Plaza Catalunya, so that we could walk down Las Ramblas. After a few blocks of the human statues, the bird salesman and postcard kiosks, we took a left hand turn and entered the Barri Gotic (the Gothic Quarter). We found ourselves in front of a beautiful church and sat down at a caf茅 (Estruch) for pizza and salad. The plaza was a beautiful place to have lunch and watch the action. After lunch we began our search for the Picasso Museum. We only had the map from the Bus turistic (and because the museum is not one of their stops, it鈥檚 not on the map) so we really weren鈥檛 sure where it was. We saw some signs pointing in the general direction of the museum and we gladly followed. The time that we spent lost (there is no other word for it. We didn鈥檛 know where we were or where we were going) in the Barri Gotic was magical. We loved it. We found wine shops (you can bring wine on the ship, but I鈥檒l talk about that later), alleyways, incredible architecture, friendly people and eventually the Picasso Museum. The line was about 25 minutes and the entrance fee about 8 or 10 Euros. My wife loved the museum and all of Picasso鈥檚 works. I鈥檓 not as sophisticated as she is, so she tolerated my opinions for the 45 minutes we toured the museum. After we left we walked toward Port Vell. It was a pretty good walk to the port, but we were there to see Barcelona so we didn鈥檛 mind. The port is fantastic. I鈥檓 not sure which part was old and which parts were built for the 1992 Olympics, but the cool breeze, open space and views of the Marina were beautiful. We walked all the way down (and it was a pretty long walk) to the bus stop for the Bus Turistic. By now it was 8:00 PM (although it seemed like the middle of the day) so we took the bus back to the Batllo (the stop closest to our hotel) and got ready for dinner. We wanted to visit an acquaintance in Barcelona so we asked the concierge to change our dinner reservation at Aqua to 10:30 PM. By the time we finished our visit and got down to Agua (a great restaurant on the beach) it was after 11:00 PM. The hostess wasn鈥檛 too happy that we were so late for our reservation so she made us wait till 11:30 for our table. We sat at the table closest to the Mediterranean and settled in. By the time our food came it was midnight and the restaurant was still packed. I guess it鈥檚 true鈥hey have dinner at midnight in Barcelona. Food was very good (service just OK). Wife had fish, I had chicken. With wine and tip, about 65 Euros. Grabbed a cab back to the hotel about 1:30 AM to get ready to board the Jewel in the morning. I guess that since we were doing a pre-cruise, we should have packed our luggage with that in mind. I would definitely recommend packing a bag for your pre-cruise and then packing bags for your cruise. We spent a lot of time on Sunday morning having to repack all of our luggage. On Sunday morning, again, I went down to the Fresh and Ready (that was the name) to get coffee and croissants. After breakfast and packing we left our bags with the hotel to do a little last minute sightseeing. We stopped in the Casa Batllo (a famous Gaudi building on the Passeig De Gracia) for only a moment. From the brief glimpse we had it was great. We bought a few souvenirs, took a stroll around the neighborhood (everything was closed on Sunday morning. The streets were deserted) and then went back to the hotelWe didn't eat at the hotel nor did we order room service. The staff was incredible. Very friendly. Very Helpful. Always interested. Never seemed like they were too good to help us. Rooftop pool area is really cool. Great views of the city. Nice gym. The Hotel was immaculate. Bed was tremendous. There is a 3 for 2 night special so make sure you take advantage of it. Three nights at the hotel were 800 Euros. Location was incredible. Nicest section of city.For any questions email me at Tagoladad@aol.com and put BARCELONA QUESTION in the subject line  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>silverdale18
<Content>Great experience! We arrived at the hotel not knowing what to expect having booked a classic room only on a 3 nights for two deal having read some trip advisor reports on sizes of rooms, but were very pleasantly surprised. On arrival we were welcomed by reception staff and showed to our room which, although at the rear of the hotel, was bright, airy and beautifully appointed with a lovely bathroom. We only had one breakfast in the hotel, mainly because we dont eat much in the morning so it was quite expensive for what we had,but there was a huge choice for larger appetites! The roof terrace was amazing-we spent late afternoons and late evenings up there and it really was the icing on the cake for us! True, the prices of drinks were expensive but its a five star hotel and the view was incredible. We thoroughly enjoyed or break, and when we next visit barcelona we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	1	

<Author>LAT10258
<Content>Excellent rooms Stayed for 3 nights in July and thoroughly enjoyed the hotel. We booked a junior suite which was superb, with a fantastic bathroom. Hotel was very clean. We had booked room only but on check-in were offered breakfast at 2 for 1 - good deal if you get it. Did have a look at the rooftop pool but it was very crowded.Some of the reception staff could have been a bit more helpful but dining room staff were excellent and very attentive. Drinks in the bar were expensive. Good location and we would return again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>BonnieGo
<Content>Loved the Majestic! We are a family of 3 who stayed in a suite at the Majestic 3 nights precruise. The suite was huge! It was like staying in your own apartment. The suite was very nicely decorated with one bedroom with a comfortable king bed, balcony, and plasma tv, livingroom with plasma tv, 2 bathrooms, small oval office with desk and comfortable chairs surrounded with sliding windows that looked out over Passeig de Gracia. There was a large entranceway with lots of closet space. There were double doors to block out noise. My son slept in a roll away bed that wasn't too comfortable. One suggestion that I would like to make is that this room should have a convertable couch which turns into a bed. If it had this kind of couch then this suite would sleep 5 which is hard to find in Barcelona.The staff were wonderful. We had lost luggage and at my request they frequently called the airlines to check on the status. They reassured me and delivered my luggage promptly when it arrived the next morning. We opted not to do the breakfast plan because it was too expensive. There was a wonderful cafe across the street where they had great pastries, coffee, and fresh squeezed orange juice. The rooftop area was beautiful with a great view, but the drinks were very expensive. A soda cost $9 euros. Great location near hop on/hop off bus, and many restaurants. From reading other reviews I think that if you stay in a jr suite or suite then the Majestic is a positive experience, a standard or deluxe room is less satisifying. I didn't see a deluxe or standard room so can't comment on them. Would stay here again if they keep the stay 3 pay for 2 nights special.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jools483
<Content>Great Time !!! We took advantage of the hotel offer of pay for 2 nights and get the third free. We found the hotel to be excellently located in the busy designer shopped area of the city. The hotel itself was smartly presented with a smooth and friendly check in. The rooms were spacious and were equipped with air con, comfortable good sized bed and bath/shower. I was a little worried by potential noise as our room was located at the rear of the hotel near to, presumably, the hotel air con outlet. The double glazed windows and 'black out' curtains made for an extremely quiet and peaceful stay. The breakfast was excellent with a good selection to satisfy the most discerning guest. The bar at the hotel we visted was everything you'd expect with a lounge suited piano player and a good selection of cocktails, beers and wines. The hotel is efficient and friendly and is a good base for exploring the city. I'd stay again so I guess that is recommendation enough.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>stuben
<Content>Majestic was perfect for extended stay in BCN My friend and I stayed at the Majestic for 8 nites and loved it. It's location is perfect for exploring all of BCN. The rooftop and pool were great! All in all , I would highly recommend this hotel and absolutely loved Barcelona. It has evrything. Great Architecture Museums, Food, Shopping, Beach. I hope to return someday!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Charlotte1
<Content>5 star, I don't think so!! My Husband  I decided to extend our cruise by staying for two nights at the Majestic. We booked the Majestic because of the fabulous photos on its website, however in hindsight should have checked Tripadvisor reviews first!!!We booked a 'superior' room as it was our wedding anniversary however were given a really shabby standard room. I can say that this was possibly the worst hotel room I have ever stayed in!! The room was small very dark and really grubby - especially the walls which could do with a good lick of paint and carpets replaced. Its only redeeming factor was the bathroom which was small but clean.On arrival the exterior  lobby are very impressive, however thats about all this hotel has to offer. My advice, stay in a nice 3 star hotel, 5 stars this hotel is'nt.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>Stasch
<Content>Take A Pass Stayed there for five days on business/pleasure. Location is excellent, hotel is clean, but that's about all the place has going for it.--Service was indifferent, lots ot attitude from the older staff who seem to have lost interest in doing their jobs--Electronic room keys, recently installed, did not work at all. Came back once to find the room of my door open! (Fortunately nothing stolen). Several times I had to return to the desk to have them re-keyed.--Caught the bartender swapping wines on me, pouring a cheaper wine than the one we had ordered. He claimed it was an honest mistake but the reason I was watching him was because he had been doing it all week.--A car service that was supposed to pick me up at the airport never arrived. The hotel charged me for it anyway, because my flight was late. Apparently car services are unable to get the relevant information from the airports.--Construction was going on right next to my room--awoke every morning around 8 to the sound of hammers and electric saws. Requested a room change and was told the hotel was full.It's a straight up, intentional rip-off, not just poor service, so I won't be back.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>durhamsue
<Content>peaceful elegance We stayed at the Majestic for 3nights july 2006, we had been fortunate to book through an easyhotels special offer and received a comfortable discount which included breakfast. We certainly recommend breakfast plenty of choice and all very fresh. After reading various reports on tripadvisor we arrived open minded. The entrance and main rooms and staff of the hotel are 5 star but the bedrooms are more 4 star. As it was a very hot week, we were pleased to be at the back of the hotel (no view but very quiet) in an air-conditioned room which had large very comfortable bed and small seating area, flat screen tv with full uk channels. Decor of the room could have been more opulent but was fine for the price we paid, more crown plaza than intercontinental! However, the staff were very courteous and helpful. The view from the rooftop terrace at night is fantastic, because the drink prices include small pre-dinner snacks they are pricy however we paid the same for a beer (9euro) on the Ramblas, no comparison, the wine and cocktail prices might be a little steep for some pockets.e.g. (20 euro) The hotel is next to a metro and many of the cultural attractions. We would recommend the official barcelona bus 18 euro for 1 day 22euro for 2 days, fantastic value as we went from each attraction, waiting no more than 2 mins for next bus, being able to see sights of Barcelona as we travelled. Taxi from airport was 25euro but after meeting friends we returned from place catalunya (5 mins from hotel) on airport bus (regular) 2.75 euro. driver was not as scary! We stay in many city hotels and would certainly return to the Majestic.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sharonarn
<Content>Great hotel in great area We stayed at the Majestic from July 5-9, just returned today. The room was very pleasant and spacious. The buffet breakfast included everything one could want. This is very centrally located for walking to many sites. We definately would return again. The rooftop pool, though small is a nice touch. Just beware of the cost of drinks there. We had a drink rooftop before going out to dinner and it was quite steep but the view is fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in the world....... I have had the pleasure of staying at the Majestic Hotel in Barcelona twice now. In terms of sheer quality, comfort and customer service you will be hard pressed to find many hotels that can match it. The location is excellent for a nice stroll into the town centre and is also near to the metro. Rooms are absolutely spotlessly clean with effective air conditioning and blackout curtains. The breakfast buffet is simply vast and totally delicious. They will also look after your bags after you check out until you are ready to head off to the airport which is a very useful service. The roof terrace has spectacular 360 degree views of Barcelona, with a bar and small pool. I had my wedding ceremony on this roof terrace in June 2006 which the Majestic helped to organise along with a superb cocktail reception. If you want to stay in style and luxury then the Majestic is well worth splashing out on. All staff are very friendly, helpful and polite and there is a really nice cool and calm atmosphere about the place. In my opinion it is the best hotel in the world!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Majestic es Magnificient My boyfriend and I had an amazing stay at the Majestic and could not have been happier with the service, facilities and location. We are already planning to come back to Barcelona and the Majestic later in the year. The breakfast is to die for - as are the views from the decked roof area. And the hotel has a fully stocked gym which made for a nice surprise.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>telis
<Content>beautiful hotel in great location. very good hotel above average. the lobby is very stylish and the room was large with a very large bathroom (bidet and toilet was in a separate area. service is excellent and breakfast amazing. the bar is a very nice place to relax in an elegant enviroment with live piano music at night. the roof top pool was the only thing that was dissapointing-very small. the views from the roof-top pool are fantastic. overall i can say this hotel gives you a majestic feeling afterall!  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Majestic At All (Awful Hotel) My experience with this hotel was terrible; I've booked and paid a superior room and they assigned me a classic room which is extremely smaller than superior room and when I spoke to the front desk personnel he replied to me with a silly answer that superior rooms has some bigger rooms and other rooms are smaller! How deceive someone can be!Relating to their treatment; the Hotel front desk was rude, inhospitable and unfriendly.Finally, I don't recommend anyone to stay at the Majestic Hotel because of its overpriced rate and don't be deceived by the luxurious looks of the lobby because their rooms are really awful.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>saracen777
<Content>Majestic by name... Our four day stay at the hotel was literally fantastic. We had booked a Junior Suite because it was our anniversary and we wanted to push the boat out. When we arrived there was champagne and fruit in the room.I tried to connect my laptop to the hotels free internet service but had problems and reception arranged for two engineers to come to my room to resolve it.The room itself was great, fabulous bathroom, walk in shower, nice toiletries. The room was right on the Passeig de Gracia but you wouldn't know it until you opened the door and stepped out onto the balcony. The hotel was very expensive but it is a five star hotel and in a fabulous location. The buffet breakfast was another highlight but we only ate there once preferring to eat out in Barcelona where the locals ate.Each night the turn down service placed chocolates on our pillows and serviced our room which was a very nice touch.I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, unfortunate city Stayed in mini suite... worth extra expense, judging from poor experience of those in classic rooms. Our room(s) were cleaned well, somewhat spacious, furnished acceptably. The King bed was two sep beds cobbled together and one could tell that, but it was ok... perhaps too hard for our taste. We found staff to be very helpful and upbeat. They really were a major plus of our stay at Hotel. The bar and food service were acceptable and accomodating. Food prep was quite good if not the best. We were not disappointed with our stay, and might well use Hotel again, because of its location and its staff. In no less than a mini suite however. We found the city of Barcelona to smell (sewerage) almost every other block. The city is not a clean city. It has a kind of dog eared quality to it that must have shined brightly at one point but is definitely over the hill now. Whole city needs housekeeping. Ramblas et al is ok, but same commercial greenway situation is found in a number of cities. Streets, walks chronically crowded. Signage is desparately unhelpful and I can't think of any attraction that does not have a superior conterpart in other cities and locations (beach, mouuntain park, cathedrals, winding old town alleyways, as charming as can be, full of folks wishing to sell you something). We caught some ladies in process of lifting our wallets in street. But this can happen anywhere. Nice town, but not unique. The grubbiness of the city overwhelms what ever charm it maintains (and there really is some). This city has amazingly good PR. But we cannot recommend it. Won't be back.Wish the Majestic existed in different city.  
<Date>May 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mogu
<Content>Not so Majestic I stayed at the Majestic for 3 nights. The advantages were the location and the gorgeous Christmas decorations. But other than that, we did not enjoy this place too much. The room was the cheapest one, hence very small. Too small.Also it was so dimly lit that we had to ask for an additional lamp in order to read.Overall the room seemed to be rather worn out and old. They need a makeover sometime soon, at least by 5 star standards.The people at the front desk are not very friendly. They hardly smile.The worst thing about this hotel was that they mistakenly double billed me. They were not very apologetic about it either.I stayed at the Claris hotel as well, which is just one or two blocks away.If you are trying to decide between the Claris and the Majestic, I would definitely recommend the Claris.The rooms at the Claris are much more spacious, modern, stylish and clean.The staff are more casual than the Majestic and some people might not appreciate that, but at least they smile more and are friendlier.If I had known better, I would have stayed at the Claris the whole time and not have bothered to stay at the Majestic at all.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>threeoaks
<Content>Truly a Majestic Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Majestic for 3 nights in April and have nothing but positive things to stay about our time there. We booked the hotel having read good reviews on this site but became concerend closer to the time of our trip due to some more recent bad reviews about the hotel - our fears were misplaced. We made use of the 3 nights for the price of 2 offer and decided to book the best room we could afford so chose a superiour double rather than the classic room. We were not disappointed. Upon arrival we were greeted from our taxi and our luggage was taken care of for us. We had a large room on the 7th floor (721 if you want to ask for it!) with a huge, comforatble bed, a well appointed bathroom and most impressive of all was the balcony and views over the Passeig de Gracia. We felt quite spoilt.Throughout our stay we found staff to be friendly and helpful and nothing seemed to be too much trouble. We were lucky with the weather and did enjoy a relaxing drink at the pool bar one afternoon and, although expensive, thoroughly enjoyed pre dinner drinks at the piano bar one evening.We did NOT eat breakfast at the hotel as this was rather expensive but found a wondeful cafe right opposite where we ate toast and te each morning. The name of the cafe/restauant was Sumam and it was lovely. we also ate there one evening and would certainly reccommend it.Bareclona is a wonderful city and out time there was enhanced further by a wonderful stay at the Majestic.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shant
<Content>Majestic Arrogance I travel to Barcelona very regularly, and I chose to stay at the Majestic recently, only down to its location and promised services...... and also a curiosity from having passed the hotel on several occasions. I would say that the hotel is very average in every way. It is an old hotel, hence you cannot expect huge functional rooms. Their website tells you classic rooms are 20 sq metres...they do not hide the fact that their classic rooms are tiny, however, images on their website are not representative of the actual rooms, for instance, the bathroom in the image under classic room is not the bathroom you will receive; the bathroom will actually be very small and will require the agility of a gymnast to navigate. When I brought this up, the point was ignored. Wireless internet was also advertised.....could I get reception? Only by holding my laptop in the air at a strange angle, in a strange position!For a 5 star hotel, the bar is reasonably priced. The food may perhaps be decent....they will tell you that Drolma has a Michelin star, however, when hot food is served very cold after a very long wait, it is difficult to ascertain quality (and no apologies made either).5 star? Well, yes and no. In Spain, stars are awarded convincingly on facilities, not quality. I have not often experienced such average 5 star facilities with tacky unimaginative decor, but they do what they do and they do it well enough to run a 鈥榮uccessful鈥?hotel.Having had a look at the better rooms, I would suggest only staying here if you were prepared to pay the extra for an upgraded room. I would suggest staying elsewhere rather than a classic room unless you are supremely interested in location and you are not bothered by impolite staff and ineffective service, though the classic rooms are very cheap, so this may sway you. If you want good service and a good all round experience, stay elsewhere.I would perhaps make some suggestions to the hotel, however, I have read some of the responses made to other reviewers on this website, and I find these to be rude, unhelpful and argumentative.... similar to the attitude when face to face with the front desk staff. I would rather just move on to a different hotel than waste any more time with this hotel. Barcelona is a lovely, bustling city, so the Majestic will not really have a problem filling beds, however, some time in the future, they may need to rethink things.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Gwen88
<Content>My new favorite hotel I booked this hotel on the strength of its website, which you really have to check out, especially the location part. We were treated like royalty from the staff of the hotel. For example, they helped us book a great Flamenco show and got us front row seats. The rooms were beautifully appointed and so comfortable. There is a fabulous bed with a duvet and feather pillows and black out drapes that really worked to darken the room. Even our location on the street was dead quiet thanks to double paned windows. The hotel is in a great location, in the more upscale part of downtown but within easy walking distance of everything. The tourist bus stop was a block up the street and was the crossing of the two main lines. If they are running a 3 for 2 nights special like we got, you can enjoy a real five star hotel for a great price.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, staff in all departments excellent. Couldn't recommend it highl I arranged a conference for 100 sales people from all over Europe to this hotel, and bearing in mind that many could not speak English, I couldn't have wished for a better venue. all the staff were excellent, very kind , and very courteous.Everything was spotlessly clean, and the food brilliant. Rooms were very tastefully furnished, and beds comfortable with wonderful smooth soft sheets .The location is fantastic, within walking distance of all the main attractions, in the best part of Barcelona.I just want to be able to go back soon, and this time to be on holiday!  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jennifer91001
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Location, and Hard beds We just returned from a one week stay at the Majestic in Barcelona. I stayed here about 4 years ago and decided to stay again based on the hotels old world charm and it's location. We booked through the hotels web-site and paid 205Euro+7%VAT per night breakfast included along with a one day pass on the Barcelona touristic(hop-on, hop-off)bus. The hotel was still as beautiful as I remembered and the location is wonderful. We enjoyed the daily breakfast and also the little old man that plays the piano nightly in the bar. One thing that I didn't recall on my last visit was the rock hard beds. Not only me but the other 4 people that I traveled with all complained that the beds were hard. We all slept in rooms with twin beds so we can't comment on the larger beds but we all think that the management of the Majestic should spend a night sleeping or should I say trying to sleep on one of these beds. Even though the beds leave much to be desired and the desk staff fail to say hello when you happen to catch their eye, I still love this hotel-hard beds and all. Please make sure to visit the cafe located to the left of the hotel 5-10 feet past the cross walk. We enjoyed spanish hot chocolate rich and thick. And, you must stop for Gellato at one of the many places you'll see as you walk the streets of Barcelona. We ate at Citrus restaurant located near the hotel but wouldn't recommend it as the food was expensive, the portions were small and they gave us the wrong check and it took them over 30 minutes to find someone who undestood the problem. You might want to consider taking the airport bus to the city as it's very affordable and convient. We walked right outside the airport terminal and took the bus from the airport(3.60 Euro)to Placa de Cataluna and walked straight up the street to the hotel. On our way back to the airport we caught the airport bus at the stop near Burberry's which was a shorter walk from the hotel(you'll see the airport bus logo on the bus shelter). NOTE: The bus only stops at this stop when going to the airport.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zuerich
<Content>avoid "classic" rooms We left that property with very mixed emotions. The reason for booking it was the exceptional location: close to everything within walking distance there is no better choice under that point of view. But apart from that I think that there is no reason to stay there. My wife arrived a day before me, being a young, single travelling women. Was it a coincidence that she was given the room next to the elevator, courtyard facing with a very strange, convoluted layout with a small window in the corner between the bathroom and the wall, so it was like a room without a window? Of course somebody has to take the bad rooms, but why allocate it to somebody who has booked for 5 days and not to somebody who just spends there one night? So we were given another room. As we opened the door, a wave of very bad, acidic smell came out. We called the front desk and the person who came round wrinkled his nose and admitted, that there was a terrible smell, assuming that it was the new carpet of the remodelled room. Well, if their new carpets smell like this, I dont want to know about the old ones 鈥?br/>Room number three, not expecting much anymore, was very small too. Between the bed and the bathroom there was the desk with a minibar, a small table with two chairs and the closet with a rack for a small suitcase. Furnished like this, there was no space for putting a regular suitcase on the floor leaving space for walking around it so that we either had to close it and put it uprigth or climb over it when we wanted to go to the bathroom. Truly exciting when you have to get up at night. Now we definitiely were ready for a drink. But the minibar/refrigerator was not working. As we do not like warm drinks we called for ice cubes (no ice-machines in the corridor) and maintenance. The electrician arrived before the waiter and fixed it. Than the ice-bucket came and we were informed, that we had to pay 5 Euros for it. For a bucket we needed, because the fridge was broken and the drinks were too warm? In a 5 star property? Come on, that鈥檚 realy bad style and cheesy. Beeing very small, the air in the room was sticky. Usually we like to leave the windows open. But in this case we preferred not to, because the fire stairs were crossing the window. So we switched on the A/C. There was air coming out of the outlet but it was warm. We put the thermostat to the minimum, but still only warm air. We asked several times for reparation at the front desk, but nothing happened. Why not offer to have another room with a working A/C? The best thing about the room was the housekeeping. Very efficient and immaculatly clean all the time. The toilet was tucked between the washbasin and the wall so that one had to squeeze himself diagonally on it. The lobby, bar and restaurant were very stylish and arranged tastefully. The breakfast room is located in the basement (no windows). The food-quality was very good and the service very efficient. On our visits the breakfast room was crowded and the acoustics were quiet bad so that the overall experience was not very pleasant. The female front-desk staff were very nice and helpful, whereas male stuff were rather presumptuos. Example? We were asking for directions one morning, when suddenly the employee turned away from us starting a conversation with somebody more interesting than us. Probably the stay would have been better, if we had booked a de luxe room (130 Euros more per night). But how could we know before? When booking in a 5-Star property one can expect a certain size and standard even in the least expensive room. But the 鈥瀋lassic鈥?rooms in my opinion are definitely substandard in terms of size, layout and location. Of course in the hotels website it鈥檚 noticed that they are only 鈥瀉pproximately 20 square meters鈥?(they should add, that they are dark and the samll window only gives a view in a grim courtyard) what would be barely acceptable if of regluar shape. But in such a tubular or strange layout, it's much worse and clearly not acceptable. In my opinion, the very narrow rooms I have seen, should only be furnished with a small bed and sold as single rooms only, as for two persons they defintively are unreasonable in a 5-Star property. Next time in Barcelona we will go somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Boscobel28
<Content>Very Good Choice: Hotel Majestic We spent 7 days at the Hotel Majestic in March,06: room, breakfast and location were excellent. Would upgrade from Classic Double next trip, as double bed is not too large. Staff very professional; roof top pool/bar is very relaxing after a day of experiencing this wonderful city. Best restaurant finds: La Tertulia(Les Corts area)and Tragaluz(Eixample).  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lohit
<Content>An OK hotel in a great location       1  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pad0303
<Content>Overpriced We stayed in January as part of a 'special' break for my wife.As per a lot of the other reviews, the Hotel has a superb location however the rooms are small and not that well appointed.We paid for a Junior Suite - I had intended to stay at Hotel Arts (as this was a special occasion) but in the end decided to stay in the city centre (shame cause the wife is still disappointed).The room was small by any standard (after reading managements reply to another such comment), when we checked in we were only looking to relax, we decided to try the more casual on-site option - the same place as breakfast is served - it can only be described as a badly converted conference room, having said that the food was good and service spot -on.We went to our rooms looking to order a movie and relax - alas the pay TV system was not working, after approx 10 enquiries over the coming 2 days it was eventually fixed for our final evening - imagine the disgust after dining early on that evening when we sat down to realise the most recent film was over 3 years old (in a 5* hotel!!!!!!!).Great location, overpriced rooms, very poor attention to detail.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>toptourist
<Content>Not as 'majestic' as it looks! Have just returned from 3 nights at the Majestic in Barcelona. We had booked 3 nights for the price of 2 with Last Minute, but most people on this site seem to have got a much better deal!! On arrival, it had the feel of a five star place - lovely lobby, stunning flower arrangments and a guy to greet us and carry our cases in. These impressions were, in my opinion, about all that was 5 star about the place. We were not lucky enough to be offered an upgrade to a junior suite, even though I explained that the trip was for my husband's 50th - which it was, - consequently we had quite a small room! (I have stayed in larger rooms in a Premier Lodge in England, and that's saying something!)The bathroom required the skills of an expert contortionist when getting in and out of the bath - you literally had to climb over the toilet. You also needed elasticated arms to check the temperature of the water in the bath and shower, as the glass shower door is immoveable - because there is simply nowhere to move it to. It was a real squash. We also had to shift a table and two armchairs whenever we wanted to open the wardrobe! Not my idea of 5 star!. Having said all of this, the room was clean, nicely decorated and regularly serviced. The other thing that I found tricky was the traffic noise, but I suppose you should expect this in a big city. We were on the 8th floor (room 822, if you wish to avoid it!!!) and could still hear the roar of the traffic. (because I spend a lot of time in hotels when I work, I had earplugs, and even these din't block the noise out entirely.) We could also hear the conversations of the people in room 821 - word for word, actually, and I wouldn't have said that they were particularly raucous. You could even hear them tapping their tooth brushes against the basin - and we are not serial evesdroppers, you just couldn't miss it.I thought the location of the hotel was good - very near a metro station and plenty of buses and cabs nearby. We didn't take breakfast in the hotel, preferring a cafe down the road, with all the local people. I liked the piano bar in the hotel, but as others have said, it was dear. A beer and a glass of cava came to 15 euros. However, I enjoyed the atmosphere in there and the piano guy was great. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night. This was a slightly surreal experience, as it was just us and one other couple, but the service was friendly, the wine and food were excellent, and we didn't have far to go after the meal was over! Other places that we ate (which we had chosen from The Rough Guide to Barcelona) were El Glop, which was excllent, El Muscletaria (fantastic place selling just - you guessed it - mussels - and also clams), and a fabulous, fabulous restaurant called 'anima', in which I had one of the best meals that I have ever had in my life. All three restaurants were well worth seeking out, and were packed full of locals, so obviously not just for tourists! I really, really enjoyed Barcelona, especially Parc Guell, the Gaudi House near to the Majestic Hotel, the Miro Fundacion and La Seu, with the views from the rooftop and the geese in the peaceful courtyard.I would like to return to the city. In truth I do not think I would stay at the Majestic again, as on this occasion I did not think we got what we paid for, and that would be my main gripe. Maybe I wasn't canny enough when I booked! I would prefer to find a cheaper hotel that was a bit more honest about what it offered and was better value for money.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Harpesharp
<Content>Excellent for shopping We stayed at Hotel Majestic for 3 nights from 19th Jan 2006. We booked a junior suite for 385 Euros per night directly with hotel using the 3 nights for price of 2 nights offer. Managed to get Breakfast thrown aswell which is not cheap.The hotel is excellently position on one of the upmarket streets of Barcelona called Passeig de Gracia. This is prime shopping belt and the flagship Zara store did very well after my wife had been sales shopping there. Also close to a Gaudi building which you can view inside and not far from Metro if you don't want to walk too far. Taxi's are not too expensive either. Top of Ramblas are is a 10 minutes walk.The hotel was nice, but not as opulent as that of the one in Rome that we stayed at. The Drolma restaurant was excellent but very expensive and only recommend if it is a special occasion. We also went to other excellent restaurants like the Fernandez (5 minutes from hotel), Barcelonetta (in marina area), and Tapas Tapas.We were well looked after and had good advice from Guest Relations. The room was spacious and had good views of the main road (make sure you ask for a room with this view). Air conditioning was not great more of a heater and did not pump out cold air. Bring a travel iron as they don't have them, they did kindly supply a steam iron - but this kept tripping the electricity supply! Bathroom great for this room type, great shower and also an additional bath with hydrojets to relax after much walking. Worth it if for a special occasion, beware the temptation of too much shopping, lucky we had a spare suitcase.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Peter&Ann
<Content>A class act My wife and I stayed in the Majestic for 4 nights in January 2006, paying 鈧?80 per night for a 鈥淐lassic鈥?room + breakfast. It鈥檚 a top-class hotel and we鈥檇 be happy to return. The Classic room size was fine, though I note some previous reviewers found rooms too small. All staff we encountered were excellent - highly professional, helpful and friendly, without being intrusive. The breakfast buffet was excellent, with too much choice for those of us with expanding waistlines. We didn鈥檛 try the hotel restaurants or the bar (too quiet).Eating out: Our preference is for lively, bistro-type restaurants, rather than hushed temples of haut cuisine. If you prefer the latter then ignore the following: On C. d鈥橢nrique Grandos, Flamant and La Polpa were enjoyable as was La Rita on C. d鈥橝rago. La Rita was unbelievably cheap but I recommend you avoid any dessert 鈥渟mothered in chocolate鈥? Citrus, above TapaTapa (avoid), on P. de Gracia was also fine.From a visit last year, the hard to find Caf茅 de l鈥橝cademia, off C. de Jaume 1, is worth finding and Senyor Parellada on C. de la Argentaria was also enjoyable. La Crema Canela off Placa Reial was fine, though lunch at the adjacent Les Quinze Nits was disappointing. If you鈥檙e one of the 鈥淏eautiful People鈥?or simply a 鈥淕rade A Poser鈥? then the restaurant for you is Moo at Hotel Omm, a couple of blocks further up P. de Gracia. If only I was 20 years younger and 20 kilos lighter鈥?We booked with alpharooms[-] but nearer the date the hotel's own website offered the best value available online.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NAT_LEEDS
<Content>Not the luxury you are promised! We stayed at the Majestic just before Christmas, for our first stay in Barcelona.On arrival, the hotel had mixed up our booking and booked us 2 rooms instead of one - and tried to charge us for the mix-up. After getting a 5am flight from Manchester, this is not the best start to our trip. I finally produce my booking letter confirming their mistake.Further more, i ask for a room with good views - the attendant smirked and replied - Your are in the Deluxe Room, that does not get you a good view - this is a 5* hotel! Wonderful!The room was really poky, that you catch yourselves on picture frames walking to the bathroom as the bedroom room is narrow.ProsLocation is goodBrakfast is of a good quality and good selectionConsRude reception staffpoky roomsNot worth the money - there are better 5* hotels for less moneyCheap complimentary toiletries - for a 5* hotel, there was a poor selection.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KyleWeeks
<Content>Nice hotel, but not 5 star Despite what they say on their website, this is not a 5 star hotel. That aside this is a nice European hotel. The location is great. Only a 10 minute wlak to las Ramblas, lots of shops and restaurants just outside the door.Room sizes are average by Eurpoean standards (small by American standards) but very functional. Some nice touches, they provide a robe, slippers and turn down service.On the down side they room was rather warm, the only way to cool it down was to open a window. Unfortunately, the street was noisy, so you could not have the window open while sleeping.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magical Majestic We recently returned from a fabulous trip to Barcelona and Granada. In Barcelona we had a magical 3 night stay at Hotel Majestic. We reserved a Jr. Suite through their stay 2 nights and get the 3rd night for free special . Our room was on the 6th floor and was very clean and non-smoking. It had a great view of Passieg de Gracia, Shortly after arriving a huge plate of fresh fruit and bottled water was delivered to our room鈥攙ery classy. The Jr. Suite had a great shower, robes, slippers, nice towels and a very comfortable bed and good linens. The only thing strange about the King bed was that it was so obvious that it was two bed pushed together. The staff was helpful and answered all our questions and made suggestions. The location was excellent. We walked to the Sagrada Familia, La Rambla, Barri Gotic, La Pedrera and Casa Batllo. In terms of services and quality I would say staying in a Jr. Suite at the Majestic is like staying in an upgraded room on the Club Level of a Sheraton in the United States. Our Jr. Suite at the Hotel Majestic exceeded our expectations. Great place to stay while in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Big-Penguin
<Content>Tighter space than a ducks --- 5 star hotel i don麓t think so....陋Room was the size of a rabbit hutch and the service at check in was average for a travel lodge! The whole point of a five star hotel is to feal spoiled but all we felt was ripped off, a bit like all fur and no knickers!! Location is too far out compared with the Gothic quarter, the view from the roof top pool was great but unless your can swim in 2 inches of water dont expect to go too deep in the roof top pool  
<Date>Dec 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>benjaminmelton
<Content>AMAZING stayed for our honeymoon. basically the best hotel we have ever stayed in. location was amazing, room was beautiful, hotel was gorgeous, swimming pool on the roof!!! what more can we say. also a bargain!!!!!! loved loved loved loved it!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RobinLloyd
<Content>Gorgeous, Refined Hotel We are just wrapping up a delightful long weekend at the Hotel Majestic. They are running a 3rd night free special, so we opted for the Junior Suite. It is gorgeous, large and modern, with views overlooking Passeig de Gracia. The location could not be better, just a couple of blocks from La Padrera and an easy walk to most sights. The lobby is quiet, and it's easy to slip in and out without having to deal with a bustling tourist scene.We have not tried the restaurants or room service. Per the earlier reviews, they are prohibitively expensive. With so many cost-effective options right outside the door, there's no need to splurge.I cannot comment on the standard rooms or other features (no need for the pool or rooftop deck in winter), but we have truly enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RebyGeneve84
<Content>Hands-down a fantastic place! The image of Dali鈥檚 drooping clock never felt more poignant than my recent visit to Spain. With many miles traveled - San Francisco to London to Paris, my final stop was Barcelona, a spiritual home, where the locals have a convivial knack of extending time. Admittedly, I did not go to Barcelona to sleep 鈥?yet I could not have stayed at a better hotel. The Majestic combines style and grace with extraordinary comfort. The staff was excellent and attentive. When I asked the concierge for an opinion of the best places to drink wine, eat tapas, enjoy music, I was delighted to receive prized recommendations 鈥?secrets that most locals might selfishly guard. The Majestic is wonderfully located. For luxurious retail, the hotel is in the heart of it all. For a pleasant walk, Las Ramblas is only a block away, and it conveniently slants toward to sea coaxing one鈥檚 stride along a street of sumptuous sights and experiences. Street entertainers, outdoor cafes, architecture and people elevate the soul. Barcelona is a place not only to observe art, but to experience it. From the time you get up in the morning until the wee hours of the night, the city rewards those who subscribe to whole-hearted living. Enjoy it all. And know that when your body tires long before your spirit, that your room at the Majestic awaits you. Your bed will be turned down - its arms open wide. Your pillow will cradle you, your blanket embrace you. By morning you will be restored. And if you are lucky enough to have an extended stay, you can enjoy another day and night of extending the best of time. A majestically-invigorated traveler.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel Lovely hotel. courteous staff, speak English.In prime shopping area, near other sights and Ramblas,Our room was large, bright with enclosed portico which opened to provide additional space. top quality bathroom. Internet access in room at reasonable price.Best resturant in Barcelona-Dolmas on premises.Hotel is pricy- 1 scotch coctail at bar was 17 euros,so beware.Coffee also expensive,but it is easy to get great am coffee across street.All in all, great hotel with manageable costs if you watch what you get there.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Laurasaurus
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic - Truely Majestic!             Lobby  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel in Barcelona I last stayed in this hotel over 40 years go and have longed to go back and my husband and I finally made it this year.We stayed from 1-5 October and had a truly wonderful time. The hotel has obviously changed since then but the staff and management did everything to make our stay special as it was also my birthday. We stayed in a classic room which is not as small as people have been complaining about. It is a very nice room; there was more than enough space for two people and the bathroom was very nice too.We ate breakfast at the hotel and that was very nice also as you had an excellent choice of foods to enjoy.Majestic Hotel is centrally located for all sightseeing and shopping and is in a beautiful and very safe location and walking distance to many sights.This is a wonderful hotel. We'll definitly be back - sooner rather than later.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Misschic
<Content>Fantastic Location! Stayed here in April with my boyfriend. After reading the reviews we were a little concerned as it is not cheap. We soon found out we need not have worried. The hotel was in the best possible location. Our room was at the front of the hotel with a balcony. Although this looked out onto the main road, noise was not an issue. The room was average size (don鈥檛 forget this is a city centre hotel). There are plenty of caf茅鈥檚 just outside the door where you can sit outside and get breakfast or refreshment. The roof top terrace has wonderful views and a very small pool. We used the sauna which you hire for private use; this was a wonderful way to relax after a busy day. Our room was spotless as is all public area's. Staff are all friendly and courteous.Hopefully visiting Barcelona again and I really don't think I could stay anywhere else. We had a look around some other areas 鈥?The Marina  Las Ramblas but they really didn鈥檛 compare to the Majestic and its fantastic location. I hope to be back soon  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ricardfred
<Content>Nice but nothing extraordinary       Lobby  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>snoopy82
<Content>Fantastic location! The majestic was excellently located for a weekend of exploring barcelona. Some of Gaudi's most infamous buildings are within view of the hotel itself. The rooftop pool area offers amazing views, especially of the sagrada cathedral, and a prime sunbathing spot for those afternoon siestas. The pool is a little small but this was not a problem as there are a million things, other than swimming to fill your time with whilst in barcelona. The service was exceptional, the staff helpful and accomadating at all requests. We had a superior room which was modern, comfortable and stylish, although not on a par in terms of luxury with some other 5 star rooms we have encountered. The bar and restaurants are very expensive but easily avoidable as there are a wealth of alternatives in the surrounding area. We would definitely reccomend this hotel to anyone wanting a 5 star city break in barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfecto! The hotel staff and especially Paula Castillo, have been absolutely amazing. Nothing was too much for them even though we changed a lot during the course of the week. The hotel itself is gorgeous and we were glad we picked this hotel to hold our EMEA Leadership conference. If we ever deceide to come back to Barcelona, it will definately be in Hotel Majestic!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pj270744
<Content>High prices at the Majestic. We were recommended to the Majestic Hotel by a Barcelona native but found our stay was affected by the very high prices both for food and for the bar. We suspect, that as the hotel is used by the business crowd, the two restaurants and bar are geared towards people on expense accounts. The price for the buffet breakfast is a very high 20+ euros and the prices for the Drolma restaurant are as much as 40+ euroes for a main course. The bar prices were also very high and a small bottle of diet coke was 6 euros. Having said that the room was very comfortable and very quiet. The staff were friendly and helpful. My wife and I found that the best option was to simply walk a few yards to one of several cafes where we could get breakfast and that we ate dinner either at one of several good restaurants in the area or took the metro down the the port area. Sumsum, opposite the hotel is recommended.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TonyWoking
<Content>This is a Great Hotel Just come back having booked for a couple of nights as a Wedding Anniversary treatThis was an exellent hotel, room was great (we had the Classic) with plenty of room (no view though), breakfast was first class and the staff were terrific. I lost count how many times they changed the towels. We didn't eat in for lunch or dinner as it was just so cheap to go elsewhere as the hotel was in such a great location. Would recommend.Few Tips- Book directly with the hotel (hotelmajestic) especially their Discovery Barcelona packs as this includes breakfast and free Turistic Bus tickets (worth 鈧?7). The prices beat anything else I could find and didn't always get offered the pack.- The Aerobus from the Airport is probably the best way (and cheapest) to get to the hotel as it is straight outside arrivals takes about 30mins and cost 鈧?.60. Don't do like we did and get off at teh Place de Catulunya as the stop after it gives a much shorter walk (100m) to the hotel.- Don't buy a beer from the cafe's in La Rambla as they rip you off....0.5litre cost 鈧?.75 which they don't mention when you buy their food (which is reasonable).  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Everton
<Content>Still the grandest of them all Hotel Majestic has recently emerged from a thorough overhaul to retake its crown as the city's finest 5 star, in my view. Everything's tip-top, as you'd expect, but best of all are the bar staff in the guests' lounge: friendly, professional and allowed to use their initiative (thanks for the free drinks, guys!). Just remember: if you want to claim a lounger for the day on the rooftop terrace you've got to be up early. Worth it for the stunning views. One final top tip: make sure you book Sunday brunch at the Gran Hotel La Florida on top of Tibidabo - the best value 50 euros you'll ever spend. We were served bubbly until we popped - 4 bottles, and still the waiting staff returned! Knockout views, great food, great service: it's a must do.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoodGuyBob
<Content>Great location, beware lower floors Stunning exterior. Room decor was very nice. Mini bar refrigerator came in very handy. An annoyance: the bathtub/shower has a partial wall (covers about the first third), so when you shower, water can spray all over the bathroom floor (why not install a shower curtain instead?). Rooftop pool is small, but the fact that there even IS a pool is greatly appreciated. Another annoyance was that we had no view. We were in room 338 (4th floor to Americans) our window faced another building (like maybe 10 feet away). So we really couldn't even see the sky. I'd suggest that you ask for something on the 5th floor or higher, or better still, ask about a room in the front of the building.Regarding the surroundings, Passeig de Gracia has many high end clothing stores in the vicinity. About 2 blocks north is Gaudi's La Pedrera an absolute MUST do -- it's amazing (allow at least an hour). A block south is a smaller Gaudi building (but I didn't visit it). A subway station is 3 blocks north (the Diagonal station). Note about the subway, some of the subway lines have levers on the sliding doors. If you see a lever, you will have to turn it for the door to open (either boarding the subway, or exiting it). Dining out a couple blocks south is Tapa Tapa which we didn't care for. A trick they use is to provide you with bread topped with tomato sauce. This is NOT free. They also gave us a bowl of olives which we sent back. But we thought the bread was included and was not.Next to Tapa Tapa is Citrus, which is upstairs. Here the bread actually IS included, and we had a very good meal.Across the street is Tenorio, which has a delicious goat cheese salad (a must get). But Tenorio hit us with TWO extras that we had to pay for...again the bread topped with tomato (you'd think we'd learn!) and a cheese plate (which was delicious). However, these two items probably added 10 Euros to our total bill.Also just south of the hotel are several inexpensive places for a quick bite, such as McDonald's, Fresh  Ready, and another place across the street.Oh, and for a large selection of yummy Italian gelato, visit Arlequin gelateria which is right across from Gaudi's Sagrada Familia another MUST DO (and do go up the elevator for stunning views as well).Oh and one more must do, visit Placa Espana for the fountain show after dark on weekends. I think this may have been the inspiration for the Fountains of Bellagio in Las Vegas. They have a fountain show correographed to colored lights and music -- it's wonderful.Oh, one more lesson learned. The taxi from the airport to Hotel Majestic is roughly 20 to 23 Euros and is metered. We took a cruise, and after the cruise took a taxi to the airport. The distance to the airport is the same, but the taxis turned off their meters and charged us a whopping 35 Euros to take us to the airport -- almost double of what it would have been if it was a metered ride (AND he was bold enough to ask for a tip!). If your cruise ship offers transportation, you may save money going that route. Otherwise, you are totally at the mercy of the taxis at the port -- you have no other choice, so they can charge whatever they feel like.None-the-less, Barcelona is a clean and wonderous city -- I could live there! Enjoy!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>francisjon
<Content>Great hotel My partner and I have just returned from a nine-day stay at this hotel and we were extremely pleased with all aspects of the Majestgic. The service is excellent and the staff very friendly and helpful. Somewone did complain that breakfasts were expensive but there are so many great little cafes in the vicinity that it was no problem finding a place to eat. John and Chris  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>15 in my group had a lovely time at the Majestic       Relaxing in the sun with the Sagrada Familia in background - great place to unwind  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>art3007
<Content>excellent location We stayed at the Majestic on a three for two offer in a double room.(5th 8th sep 2005) i was anxious initially as i had read that these rooms were small. I didn't find this to be the case. There is room for a table and two chairs the tv and the bureau it sits on. The bathroom was spacious and beautifully kitted out. With an excelent hairdryer, very important for us females!!. I would certainly book a double room again.We didn't have any views but to be honest we were up and out in the morning and didn't return until 8ish before heading back out for dinner so it didn't concern us. I didn't use the restuarant as i read on this site that it was expensive and there are loads of places to eat nearby. What i would say is avoid any of the touristy restuarants on the ramblas we used one and the food was awful. Okay for sitting with a jug of Sangria and people watching though.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jbw64
<Content>Good Hotel in Excellent Location Just back from 4 nights at the majestic. We consider the hotel to be in an excellent location (5-6 mins walk from plaza catalunya and 1-2 mins from a tourist bus stop) and also in a nice shopping area. the room was a decent size, located at the back of the hotel (so no noise). The lobby was nice but the bar appeared to be very quiet. We did not eat or drink there except for breakfast once which was very costly at 鈧?0 pp + vat. There are nice cafes  bars nearby which are a lot cheaper.Overall, We enjoyed our stay there and would go back again, for the location alone.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it - except for plastic flowers We stayed at the Majestic on a 3 nights for price of 2 deal in a deluxe room with private terrace in August - the room was ideal and morning sun on the terrace was wonderful for breakfast and sun bathing before long days sight seeing. We also had copas de cava on the terrace at the end of the day. We actually upgraded our room from a classic before travelling as a result of reviews on this site - thanks for the tip - it was worth it. Tried Drolmar - the Michelin starred restaurant on the last night - great one off experience - incredible service, great food but rediculous price in view of the great food nearby. The only disappointing thing about this hotel was the presence of plastic flowers and plants - in the main foyer, beside the lift, in the room - surely a 5 star hotel in a Barcelona could stretch to real flower arrangements in public areas and they'd be better to dump the plastic plants in the rooms - ours was put out of sight for the duration of our stay. The pool is small but had a lively crowd hanging out on Sunday evening and the gym was well equipped. All in all - 5 star except for the flowers.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Midweek treat at Majestic Just returned to UK after a stay at the Majestic and thoroughly enjoyed the place! We were on a bit of a budget and got a 3 for price of 2 night room rate and at a shade over 拢300, room only, for our stay. I'd say it was fair value for a 5 star break. Hotel was spotless, room a good size, even with a rollaway bed for our 5 year old daughter. Had to ring them direct as online booking wouldn't allow 3 to a room but it was no problem and cost no extra. View was of the wall of an adjoining property but so what? You get what you pay for I guess. On the plus side a quick trip to the rooftop decking and pool gave us all the views we could wish for! That said, pool was barely 3m x 5m and chilly despite the blazing temperatures. Spent a fair amount of time up there though.Staff were exceptionally helpful and they really did know their stuff about local sights and eateries. The Olympic marina has now got loads of restaurants from your basic to the top end and Tim at the hotel ensured we had a memorable meal at one he recommended to us. Thanks Tim.We skipped the very pricey hotel menus and bar and savoured lots of nearby cafes for breakfast. Would definately go again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Honkycat
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Just returned from 4 nights in The Majestic. I must say I was extremely impressed with the hotel and it's service. The room we asked for was a privelege one which is a couple of notches up from the basic. I wouldn't recommend going any lower than this as our room was just about ideally sized (some people have complained about the size of the basic rooms). The room was beautiful... tastefully decorated, very clean and with a huge comfortable bed. There was a little balcony with fabulous views down the Passeig De Gracia which is a great and posh road to be on. We had Cava and sat at the balcony before going out each night... very civilised. The pool on the roof is small, but is just really used to cool off when you've been lying on one of the lougers enjoying the stunning view. The location is ideal.... 10 minutes walk from La Rambla (although personally I didn't like it) and the main square. The tourist buses pass the hotel.We didn't eat in the hotel (it IS quite expensive for food and drink... but hey, it's 5 star) but there are loads of excellent Tapas Bars and restaurants nearby. There's a great restaurant just acrooss the street and right a little called Costa Galicia... excellent, and another to the opposite and to the left calle Tenorio...also excellent.A couple of reviewers have also mentioned the staff being unfriendly. This wasn't our experience at all. We never passed a member of staff from check-in staff to cleaners without them saying hello and smiling (and we WERE asked if we had a nice stay as we checked out.So, it's quite expensive, but we'd do it again... becouse we're worth it!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic stay at The Majestic, Barcelona. We have just returned from a weeks stay at The Majestic and we have had a wonderful time.The hotel location is ideal for sight seeing, shopping and for both port vell and port olympic where all the seafood resturants are and any livelier nightlife you might want to participate in.The hotel is well maintained and the service is both attentive and friendly without being imposing.The pool though small has plenty of decking and loungers and has great views over the city.one of the things that really make this hotel stand out from some others is the service and the room maintainance. We were very rarely bothered by housekeeping yet the room was made up twice daily, once in the morning and then a simple change of towels and bathroom lookover once you had left for the evening so that everything was fresh upon return.Barcelona is an amazing city and even if you are returning there after visiting previously there are plenty of things to do and see. If you really want to make the stay really relaxing and carefree choose this hotel and you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>magdonnelly
<Content>Disappointing This hotel, for a four/five star hotel is very disappointing. The only good thing about this hotel is the location. The lobby is disappointing, the bar is disappointing (and very expensive) and the room was only average...not big, crap view (building across the street about 20ft away), and the roof top pool is a joke. Would not stay there again, and wouldn't recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>drdkc
<Content>Great location, full service hotel Stayed at the Majestic for 4 days, in the beginning of August. The hotel has a great location, right on the Passeo de Gracia. Very central to La Ramblas,the Bari Gothic, (old city) and whatever bus or metro you might need. There was always a taxi available as well. The hotel has a rooftop plunge pool and some deck lounges although they were usually taken. There was massage available, although we didn't use the service. The hotel has a business center, and for 15 euros for your stay, you have unlimited use of the internet. We chose to use the internet cafe around the corner for 1.50 euro an hour. A better deal for us. Our room was a small room facing the side street so there a balcony and light. Some noise from the street at night, but not enough to keep us awake. There was more noise from the occasional boiserous group exiting the elevator that was right across from our room. The bathroom was fine, a bit small but with a bidet, bathtub and shower. The robe was a bit worn, and for a 5 star hotel, they really should replace them. It was really out of place for a hotel with Armani in the lobby. All in all, the rate was reasonable, it was stay three nites, get the fourth one free, and the rate was $229 euros. The buffet at the hotel was 20 euros pp. so we were happy to go outside to one of the wonderful cafes for a great breakfast for half the price. I would definitely recommend the Majestic for the location, and the service if you like a big hotel. We tend to prefer boutique style hotels that have a more personal feel, but we really did like the location.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and above average hotel in Barcelona We stayed at the Hotel Majestic for ten days in July and were very pleased with the location as it is central to most of the shopping, cultural centres, art galleries, museums and restaurants. It is only a short walk to the metro which makes most attractions accessible in no time at all.We had booked a deluxe room and on our arrival the people manning the reception desk were most helpful and courteous. Our room was spacious, well-appointed, and quiet. The bathroom and the dressing area are bright and modern with a powerful shower. It has a large balcony which we hardly used as we were out most of the time. The TV is fairly standard and a port is available for connecting a laptop to the internet at high speed. We were provided with a cable to hook to our laptop and paid only 15 euros for the whole duration of our stay. With the heat in Barcelona at this time of the year in the high 30, we were very pleased to have a very efficient air-conditioning system.However, conveniences that are standard in most hotels - in-room coffee maker, cups, sugar, spoons and coffee - are not provided. Nor is an ironing board and iron provided, perhaps not to undermine the system in place, as the charges for having your clothes pressed are extravagant, especially for same day service. We actually checked to find out why this room service is not provided and we were told for security reasons. We asked what was meant by it but we could not get a plausible answer.We had problems with the TV and the broadband service but one call and maintenance was there to fix them immediately. Our general impression of the hotel was one of indifference; rarely were we greeted with a hello or a smile or any interest shown in whether our stay was agreeable or not. At check out, we paid the bills and still no one asked whether our stay was a pleasant one and whether we had enjoyed Barcelona. We paid and we left...With the right room, one can have a very pleasant stay at this hotel as its location is really wonderful but it has a lot of work to do in terms of personal relations. If it manages to improve its PR and succeeds in making its guests welcome, we would rate it as an excellent hotel.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dont be fooled by appearances! Just got back from a trip to Barca to see U2. First choice hotel was booked for the first night of our stay so booked the Majestic for the one night, and thank goodness that was all! from the outside this hotel looks fabulous, sadly, once inside it is a completely different story.Our room was a converted broom cupboard I think!Tiny window allowing hardly any light and no view. Had to manoevre furniture to access cupboards and not very clean. Couldn't wait to check out and get to somewhere decent! Friendly concierge though. If u must stay there ask to view room beforehand to avoid disappiontment!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Majestic! From the moment we arrived to the moment we sadly left, the Majestic lived up to expectations and more.We booked the hotel based on views expressed here and were certainly glad we'd listened! Although not the cheapest of stays (why should it be for such quality) we felt we has full value for money. Check in was easy and swift, even though we arrived two hours before normal checking in time, the room was fabulous, with plenty of room for the three of us (myself, my partner and child).The staff were always courteous and helpful, the bar staff in particular, making all of us feel welcome and important. Breakfast was equally good, with plenty of choice and a high quality of foods available (and those pictures on the walls certainly led to some interesting breakfast time discussions!).The area around the hotel was also lovely, with a variety of shops, restaurants ands bars and vary handy for the tour bus.All in all we can thoroughly recommend the Majestic as a home away from home and an all round excellent experience.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning - don't book a classic room! We booked a 4 night stay at the Majestic based on the excellent reviews received on Tripadvisor. Having re read the reviews - everybody that raved about the rooms appeared to have booked a junior suite (or certainly NOT a classic room!). We booked a classic room and having looked on the hotel website it looked great.On arriving that the hotel (on the plus side - the location was great) the receptionist, on seeing that we had booked a classic room, immediately suggested that we upgrade to a bigger and lighter room for a mere extra 60 euros per night. This started to ring alarm bells and when we got to the room, we understood why! The furniture was good and the room as fair size BUT the room was extremely dark with practically no natural light (even in the middle of the day, all lights had to be turned on to see in the room).We immediately called down to reception and asked if we could be allocated a classic room with natural daylight only to be told (very curtly) by reception that all classic rooms are the same.To sum up - the hotel is generally very nice, the roof top area is lovely, mysteriously, the doorman don't appear to be there to open doors (when they are around), the receptionists range from helpful to rude (as previous reviewer said - when booking out - the staff studiously avoided asking us how the room was or whether we enjoyed our stay!).A bit of advise - if you have already booked a classic room - upgrade before you go - otherwise it will cost an arm and a leg to do so when you get there!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sandd123
<Content>Weekend Trip The standards and the service at the Majestic Hotel are excellent. We paid for a junior suite that overlooked the passage de Gracia and it was well worth it. It was very spacious, clean and comfortable. Staff were very helpful and we even hired the hotel roadster for a day. The only problem was that they did not have the discs for the sat nav so we had to map read with a tourist guide, but that made it an interesting day!The hotel restaraunt the Drolma is well worth a visit, and although the menus appears a little expensive for Spain it is not in fact as the price for the main course includes your appertif's. The service in the restaraunt was also excellent with the waiters being almost synchronised in their work.The Majestic made Barcelona really enjoyable for us.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware the Majestic! Preview your room if you must stay! Ok, so after reading all the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor, my wife and I booked into this hotel. I am sorry to say we were deeply disappointed. Room 822.I write this, so as to give other potential clients of the hotel fair warning.Firstly the Good:Location is fantastic, on the Passeig de Gracia an easy walk to the Rambla and a block from the Metro station. The reception and entrance is grand; flowers, marble, efficient staffThe porter service, very sharp and friendly.The Bad:I think this may all have been the unfortunate (intentional or not) allocation of a terrible room. - The room was tiny, even by European standards (We have traveled a lot). The small table and chair infringed on the cupboard, so if one wanted to access the cupboard, you had to move the furniture.- The bathroom was even smaller, my wife and I could not be in this room together. The toilet is right next to the bath/shower, so getting out the shower was a challenge, and some dexterity was required to stand in the available space. Also mildew abounded in the shower- The bed creaked and squeaked. This was partially corrected by housekeeping.- Our room on the 8th floor was underneath the top floor restaurant, so every night at midnight the sound of dragging furniture woke us up. Calling the reception to complain got a quizzical response and the promise to send someone up to investigate 鈥?I never received a response to this.- The air-conditioning system is archaic. Every time the thermostat kicked in, the air turned on loudly, and when cool, turned off, loudly again, keeping up awake.- Upon checkout, they were very efficient at billing us, but not once were we asked about our stay. I did complete a survey, and wonder if anyone will see this?So in general, it was a disaster. This is certainly NOT a 5 star hotel. The glossy exterior belies what is inside. At 225 Euros per night, it is certainly not cheap either and I am sure better value can be found elsewhere. Suggestion: If you insist on staying, view your room beforehand!!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>borntotravel068
<Content>Great hotel, fantastic location We have just returned from Barcelona staying 3 nights at the Majestic .. What a fabulous hotel! Before going to Barcelona I was unsure as to whether or not I should have booked The Arts, I'm so glad I didn't. The location of the Majestic is perfect, within walking distance to all the major tourist attractions. If we had stayed at The Arts we would have needed to spend a lot more on transport just to get around Barcelona as it really is out of the way. Everyone at the hotel is friendly and the service is great. The room was adequate - we had booked a superior and I'm not quite sure what we got for the extra we paid - but as we were out all day sightseeing and only came back to change or to sleep it didn't matter. Having the outdoor rooftop pool was also a great advantage after a day walking round Barcelona! My only criticism was that breakfast seemed expensive, but again that didn't matter as we walked to a nearby pavement cafe to have breakfast there and watch the world go by. All in all, a fabulous hotel with what I would have thought to be the best location in Barcelona!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Captain_Caveman
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed here for one night. This is a really nice hotel in a good location in which to explore the city and the added bonus of being on the tourist bus route.If you book a room here ask for one on the front of the hotel with a balcony as one of our rooms ended up at the back and looked out onto a carpark.Good value for money if you shop around for a good price.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Both stately and up-to-date A friend and I recently stayed at The Majestic, which is located in the stunning EIXAMPLE section of Barcelona. We loved the location because we were within walking distance of many places we wanted to vist. Just up the street was Gaudi's La Pedrera (Casa Mila) and in the other direction Placa de Catalunya, the Gothic quarter with the magnificent Cathedral and Palau de la Musica. We had wonderful stores and small restaurants and tapas bars in all directions.We stayed in a junior suite, which was extremely comfortable. The seating area had plush chairs and a sofa, which enabled us to relax after sightseeing. Although we were on the second floor overlooking the Passeig de Gracia, the room was quiet. From our windows we could look across the street at some of the area's beautiful Modernista buildings.The breakfast buffet in a window-less but comfortable lower level was sumptous and got us started for the day. There were such typical Spanish dishes as Serrano ham and tortillas (made with potatoes). There were many kinds of pastries. I even had a fried egg because of the gorgeous organge yolks. Then I added a small baked potato half (topped with olive oil), something I have never had for breakfast.Once we stopped in the lobby lounge for coffee and another time for a light supper. We didn't get to try the expensive and very elegant restaurant Drolma. Access to a computer in the business center really worked for me. For Euros 15, I could use the internet as much as I wanted during my stay. It was great not looking at the clock when sending e-mails.The 24-hour rooms service certainly responded for us at 4:30am when I called for coffee and tea before our early morning departure. Another time when I needed a doctor, the front desk had an English-speaking doctor at my door within 20 minutes.This is a fine hotel with rates that are fair.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TxTxAustin
<Content>Great Experience for a family of 4! We booked 2 nights at the Majestic at the end of our Mediterranean cruise. We stayed in 1 junior suite and 1 regular connecting room with our 2 children. There is more than ample space in these rooms! The junior suite had a huge shower, with great water pressure. We were on the 6th floor, facing the main street, and the noise never bothered us (and I'm a light sleeper). Although expensive, room service was fabulous. We booked a package which included tourist bus tickets and breakfast each morning. The breakfast was WONDERFUL !!! There is plenty of selection for everyone, and the juice, coffee and pastries were amazing. The location is great; surrounded by high-end stores and easy walking distance to many activities. We caught the tourist bus only once, but it is nearby and easy to use. An aside: our children weren't fond of the food selections in Barcelona, so it was a big plus that the Majestic had some great offerings! If you're traveling with kids, you might want to ask where to get pizza. Even the pasta was a bit strong for them...made with anchovies. We found the Majestic to be a very nice, clean hotel with super staff.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mustardmindy
<Content>Fantastic Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Majestic for May 23 - 27th. We booked a Jr. Suite through Expedia (based largely on the reviews on this website) and the room was wonderful, on the 5th floor facing the Gran Via (main street). It was on the southeastern side of the building (room 504?) and had two sets of double doors with 2 beautiful small wrought iron balconies overlooking the street. The room and bathroom were spacious and there were double doors that could be closed between the bedroom and sofa area. Everyone who worked at the hotel spoke very good english and the roof top pool and view couldn't be beat - great partial view of Sagrada Familia. The fitness room was very nice - treadmills with t.v.s on them with CNN. Our friends were staying in the Claris (1 block away) and even though they had the nicest room there, it was dark and smaller and the rooftop did not have near as nice a view (although their restaurant on top had great - but pricey - food) Room service was always pleasant - they sent someone to fix our t.v. at 1am! And the location could not have been beaten. Overall a great experience. As an aside, after the first 2 days there was banging in the room above us. We complained and the manager moved us to another Jr. Suite, this time on the 6th floor - room 611. The balconies were not as nice but the room was the same. Right after we moved, there was banging from the other side of the building. We called the manager back and he put us in a large suite which was VERY nice. The room was near the southeastern corner facing the main street, room 602 I think. So if you experience problems, ask for an upgrade and they might give it to you! Or book the main suite - well worth it!!!  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mentor
<Content>Find another hotel, this is at best a three star hotel with 5 star price I ordered a superior room for three nights in late May 2005, at the Majestic, assuming this hotel really was a 5 star hotel. Arriving at this hotel from another 5 star hotel near by we expected at least the same service, quality and professional staff. But NOT. After complaining we got a upgrade to a premier room (712) , not nearby 5 star hotel quality at several hotels I have visited before.The facts: Price: We paid about 400 Euro for a small, stinky room, with a small bathroom. Poor quality furniture, but it had a good view from the balcony.A lot of traffic noise from 0530 in the morning. We had to have the window open since the smell from the air condition system was really terrible. Since the hotel was prepaid they even refused to let us get anything back if we moved from the hotel after check-in, even if we complained promtly. We asked for a refound for at least 1 night, but the refused even this.Faced with a bill at about 1200 Euro for three nights, we felt like we had to stay there.So; If you are looking for a 5 star hotel experience, this is not the place.The only 5 star about it is the price.So my message is clear: Stay away from the Majestic, this is a rip-off with their Majestic fantasy prices, arrogant staff and stinky rooms. We came from the Casa fuster 5 star hotel 500 m away (a real 5 star hotel). This hotel was compared with the Majestic absolutely fantastic. Cheaper, better and the service and friendlyness of the staff was superb.T.Ellefsen, Norway  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>kc15
<Content>Hotel Majestic is THE PLACE to stay....... We just returned from a six day stay in Barcelona (our first time there) and needless to say, did NOT want to come back to New York. Barcelona was a place that we always wanted to see, and after reading the many reviews here, we decided to stay at the HOTEL MAJESTIC and were very glad that we did. This hotel is certainly worthy of a five star rating in EVERY respect.My wife and I, and my brother and his wife were celebrating anniversaries (my brother's was a very special one-30 YEARS!!!!Upon arrival we were greeted by a very friendly, professional and efficient staff. Emilio was at the front desk and personally showed us the various types of rooms (we had reserved suites for each couple.) Emilio then called Mr.Oscar Lucas (hotel manager) who came out and introduced himself to us and invited us to sit at the lounge for some champagne. This was very impressive and was a very nice, genuine gesture of hospitality.The hotel has nine floors of rooms and on the tenth floor is a pool with a breathtaking view of the city.From the minute you walk throught the doors of this hotel there is a feeling of elegance and warmth, which is reinforced by the warm and friendly staff who are always willing to assist you. Contrary to what some reviewers have mentioned-the rooms are NOT small nor is the hotel lobby full of busloads of tour groups. As far as the location-you can not ask for a better location. Everything is within walking distance, and there is plenty to see. On Sunday we took the train to Sitges, which is a beautiful beach, and a twenty minute train ride.You can not get a bad meal in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blank&Gold
<Content>The Majestic Experiene Barcelona was a very pleasantsurprise and the Majesticwas a great place to stay for our first visit.Room was nice and comfortable.Bathroom excellent. Swimming Pool on Roof a nice touch.Staff was courteous and professional.One has to love the generous drinks at the bar.Location, location, location. Perfect. A bitpricey but very enjoyable stay.When told King Juan Carlos and Queen Sofia stayed there recently, Ireplied, If good enough for your King, it is good enough for me.And we all smiled.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spanner42
<Content>Majestic Lives up to it's name Picked this hotel by chance in april, and so glad we stayed here. The reception area was magnificent, the staff were great, (polite and very attentive) nothing was too much trouble.We had a standard room, which in comparison to many we have stayed in recently was large. the furnishings were not cheap, there was actually a room safe, which has been missing in our previous two hotels elsewhere (although advertised), the bed was large and very comfortable, and the bathroom was certainly not cramped.In line with most european hotels, there were no in room tea/coffee making facilities, but we had been warned on this site before we went, so it was not a shock. The room was clean. and we are looking forward to returning.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Majestic marvelous If you want the best location in Barcelona as well as friendly, professional service - you must stay at the Majestic! Rooms are spacious and comfortably decorated. The bar is inviting and the restaurant outstanding. We loved the buzz on the street, but were happy the windows were double glazed so we didn't hear all the noise.  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location We have been to the Hotel twice now (the previous time was Aug. 2004) and have enjoyed excellent service on both occasions - helpful staff, more than adequate rooms for our needs and a pleasant atmosphere during the length of both trips. The Hotel's location on Passaig de Gracia makes it ideal for exploring the city (an easy stroll to Placa de Catalunya and Las Ramblas etc) but the lower floor rooms that face the street can suffer from some traffic noise - get a higher floor room and it's not a problem. Altogether, a top class hotel that fully justifies it's 5 star rating.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>GeGa
<Content>Majestic in every way. Stayed in the Majestic for 4 nights - April 16th to 20th in a wonderful suite -825. From the moment we got out of the taxi on arrival at the hotel we knew we had made the right choice. The staff were very helpful and efficent in their work (in particular the porters and doormen) from the reception desk staff to the bar staff. Breakfast was served until the civilised time of 11a.m. (when relaxing in the wonderful city of Barcelona one gets tired and needs to be able to sleep a bit late!!!) The suite was decorated in contemporary style, it was comfortable and warm with all the latest technology, which the modern traveller requires, it was the perfect place to return to after a day of wandering in this great city.The quality of service was exemplary. When I could not open the safe in my room it was sorted out immediately. When I requested an extra pillow, it arrived within 5 minutes. When I needed to send a large item home by courier, it was handled most efficently by the staff. I left the Hotel Majestic knowing that I will most certainly be back. Thank you.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great hotel... My wife and I stayed 3 nights (from 19/4/2005 to 22/4/2005) to celebrate my 60th birthday. We found the hotel well situated, the junior suite was first class as was the cuisine and the freindly, helpful and very professional staff.Nothing was too much trouble and we even recieved a complimentary bottle of champayne to start our celebration!This is an excellent 5 star hotel with a deserved reputation.John  Janet PenmanRochdaleEngland.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Majestic Loved Barcelona Booked Majestic 2 twin rooms for 2 nights 14/03/05 with my son his friend and my sister. Then saw reviews on this site, was a little concerned about a few bad reports and e-mailed Hotel direct, very impressed with quick response from Bruno Chiaruttini, even more impressed when we arrived at the Hotel, was greeted with Welcome to the Majestic by all staff we came in contact with, also given upgrade rooms with wonderful views along Paseo de Gracia, fruit and bottled water was delivered to our rooms which was once again just a lovely suprise, this made the beginning of our stay in Barcelona just wonderful. Loved everything about the Majestic, from the turn down service in rooms to the bar, all the staff are friendly and helpful. Hope to visit again soon, this time with partner for a romantic week-end. Only one low point: Needed more time to see Barcelona and also try more of the wonderful resturants in this great city. Just ignore any negative reports about the Majestic Hotel. Try it yourself you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hara1000
<Content>Perfect location, very nice hotel! Stayed at Majestic 26/3-30/3 and liked it very much!!Booked a junior suite, and it was very very nice. Loved the jacuzzi bath, used it up to 3 times a day :-D The botle of cava and the truffles in our room at arrival where a very nice touch.We had some problems with the aircondition. Couldn't get it to work first, but that was fixed imediatly when we told the reception about it. When we got to our room in the afternoons it was nice and cold, but when the evening came, it didn't seem to have the power enough to chill the room (and we had it on the lowest).One afternoon/evening, our room wasn't cleaned until 18:30, which was a bit too late I think. But this was a sunday, and I guess it was a busy day for the staff. During our stay, we called housekeeping once, and they helped us very quickly, so very happy with their service otherwise.Breakfast: Yes, it was prizy, but it was also hugh and very nice!Reception: Very good service!!Location: Top!! Took us 1 minute to walk to the trainstation when we where taking the train to the Dal铆-museum. 10 minutes walk to Las Ramblas. A warning, that has NOTHING to do with the hotel: Never EVER eat at Fernandez!! It's on the same street as the hotell, nr 116 I think. I wont go into all the details, but it was kaos from start to the end! After having corrected the bill 4 times (!!) we finaly got out of the restaurant. The hotel recomended it for my fianc茅s 35th birthday, but only because it was a big bank-holiday and most of the other restaurants where closed. I asked the hotel never to recomend this to any other of their guests. Other restaurants that the hotel recomended was very good!!We had great days in Barcelona, and if you are looking for a fancy place to stay, Majestic is the place! Thank you for a great stay!!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Majestic We stayed at the Majestic Easter weekend 2005. The hotel is in a great location in the city center of Barcelona. The hotel was very clean and our junior suite room was large. The bathroom was huge by European standards. The staff were extremely helpful and knowledgable. Everyone in the city spoke English making it very easy for us gringos to get around. I would recommend trying to get breakfast included with your room because at 20 euros per person it is very expensive.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service ! Loved the Hotel majestic ! Location is perfect, service is wonderful. We enjoyed a very nice 5 day stay in this beautiful hotel. The room was always very clean, service always prompt and efficient and staff very polite and friendly. Thank you to all the staff at Hotel Majestic for this wonderful stay.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>marebear19
<Content>Loved the Majestic We spent March 10-13 at the Majestic. Booked on the hotels web site and found some good prices. We were planning a romantic weekend so went for the Jr suite. My husband and I thought this hotel was just great. The room was large and nicely decorated. Bathroom was great. Bottle of Cava on ice waiting for our arrival. We thought the hotel staff were fabulous. It is a busy place but we were treated with great respect by all the staff. No problem with getting luggage, getting a cab, etc. Celine the concierge is just a doll. She was the most helpful, friendlist person and spoke at least 3 languages. She made dinner reservations for us at two great spots on very short notice. She is a real asset to the hotel. Breakfast buffet was pricey but food was fine...many options. We had breakfast there one morning and then opted for one of the many cafes on Passage de Gracis. The location of the hotel is fantastic. Excellent shopping and restaurants nearby, tour bus stop 2 blocks away and short walk to Las Ramblas. Suggest everyone take the tourist bus (hop on/hop off) and also take a tour of Casa Batilla (near hotel) visit the Picasso Museum and stroll down Las Ramblas. Barcelona and the Majestic were both perfect!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stewartytosh
<Content>Nice but not 5 star. Great location  lovely features. Can't agree with reviews about good service - once booked in I felt we were forgotten. Maybe Spanish 5 star but this hotel is probably 3 star plus for us Brits. E-mailed hotel twice before I arrived explaining we were celebrating our silver anniversary  was surprising my wife with choice of hotel  to help arrange restaurant bookings  upgrade rooms - both e-mails were ignored. Towels  bath-robes hard not fluffy like they should be. No tea/coffee making facilities disappointing. Our first visit to Barcelona was still fantastic - will return but not to the Majestic.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class service, beautiful views, perfect holiday As a seasoned traveler, I am often critical of hotels - whilst trying not to be. 5 years in Dubai (where 7 star service and hotels are the norm) and the luxury of experiencing some true hotel stars (Soneva Fushi, Madives; Lanesborough  Mandarin Oriental Park Lane) means that I'm probably too critical. I was surprised then to love the Majestic - for service it is up there with the world's best. Arriving (and leaving the hotel) the friendliness of reception and porterage was impeccable - nothing was too much trouble from looking after luggage well beyong check out, to welcoming us with a warmth that will stay with us a long time (we had advised of our anniversary on booking). We stayed in Room 321 (I think) with a beautiful balcony overlooking the Passage de Gracias. Room service was very fast (Club Sandwich wonderful, though vegetable soup needed more flavour). Breakfast was not perfect for Brits (but for most Europeans our desire for toast and English sausages is probably incomprehensible (have suggested Twynings English Breakfast Tea too to management). In the end we opted for the continental breakfast which had the most gorgeous cakes we experienced in Barcelona - one with creme de Catalan. This was our first trip to Barcelona and we opted for the Majestic pack including tourist bus ticket (cannot recommend this highly enough). On arrival at the hotel we were greeted with a beautiful book on the Passsage de Gracia as a present and a lovely bottle of Vintage Cava. The message said simly welcome home. The room may not have been the prettiest or most luxurious we have stayed in, there may not have been in-room tea and coffee facilities, but the service, attention to detail, view and wonderful staff made these insignificant. Oh and it has the best location of any hotel in Barcelona, no question. For a perfect visit to Barcelona - and to find a home away from home, we recommend the Majestic highly  
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>onthetrail
<Content>Good location, not really deluxe 5* though Just got back from 3 days in Barcelona, staying at the Majestic. I usually stay in Crowne Plaza hotels which are rated 4* and I found the Majestic to be sadly lacking in the home comforts provided by lesser graded hotels, e.g. no tea/coffee making facilities in room and when I tried to order a coffee from room service, I was told it would take 20 mins!! Newspapers not available in lobby, although there was a machine (satellite kiosk) whereby you install your credit card and choose your newspaper. This puzzled me as having taken heed of the guidebooks, I stored my credit cards in my room safe, was I supposed to return to my room for my card, buy my paper, and then back to my room to store my card? Very cheap for a 5*. Breakfast was a hefty 24 euro each, so I was quite pleased to read about the complimentary coffee available in the hotel lobby for guests not wanting to take full american brekkie. That was until I read it was only available between 6 and 7am, after that you paid!!!! We did enjoy a meal in the restaurant of the hotel (not the Drolma - 48euro for soup!!!!) and the service was good, not a bad price either, coming to 73euro for two. Wonderful art in the lobby of the hotel and nice reception staff and concierge but it was the little things that were lacking - a kind of penny pinching type feeling which you don't expect when you are paying 200 euro a night. All in all, I did enjoy Barcelona and the Majestic does have a prime location but I did expect more from a 5* and would definetly take a chance on booking a less expensive hotel now that I have visited this lovely city.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DJDB
<Content>Greta service, great location and quiet Stayed at the Majestic for 3 nights for the Chelsea Barcelona game. Was a little concerned by some of the negative comments regarding the service and standard of rooms, but shouldnt have worried.The 3 for 2 offer is an absoloute steal, and while some may find the Superior room i stayed in a touch small, especially the bathroom, the cleanliness and general facilities were fine for the price paid, and it had a small balcony too.Had b'fast delivered to the room spot on time, and very good too, really set me up for the day.The bar staff, far from being sulky, were speedy and attentive, and as we were there for a fair few hours became more and more generous with the measures. I didnt catch their names, but would like to extend a special thanks to the guys (and girls) who were so accomodating to us.The business centre was very friendly and easy to use, 15 euros to use the internet for the duration of the stay at the hotel.Last word must go to the gorgeous concierge girl, who bounces around the place smiling at everyone irrespective of their status (and they have some seriously well heeled guests) and is a real joy to deal with. Thanks for a great stay guys.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superb accommodation  Having just returned from a four night stay at the Majestic Hotel on the occasion of my husbands 60th Birthday. I must congratulate the whole Team at the Majestic Hotel for a most happy and memorable stay! On arrival we were greeted with a friendly smile and Welcome to the Majestic Hotel from both the Reception and Porter who showed us to our Junior Suite. The accommodation was superb with luxurious furnishings throughout. An extra large double bed (with single firm mattresses per person thus ensuring a most comfortable sleep with no sag at all in the middle which can happen!)Large Double doors opened into the lounge area with a comfy sofa and armchairs to relax in, a fully enquipped desk and even a cd player as well as two TVs (one in the bedroom). The modern chrome and cream marble bathroom had a seperate large walk in powerful Shower, and even more welcome, a jacuzzi bath which was devine after walking ones feet off seeing the amazing sights! Lovely complimentary toiletries were numerous including razor and mousse, touthpaste and brush, moisturiser, fluffy dressing gowns, slippers etc etc. The Suite was located overlooking the busy Avenue de Gracia with two small balconies, once the double glazing doors were closed it must have been the most quietest acommodation we have ever stayed in. Brilliant !On our second evening we returned to find an iced bottle of Cava sparkling wine, mineral water, and a delicious decorated arrangement of fresh fruit including Pineapple,strawberries,chinese gooseberries,passion fruit,grapes etc etc.What a lovely and most welcome gesture. The fruit and mineral water was even replaced on our 3rd night! Thats what I call service! The Majestic Hotel has a brilliant brilliant location, between two of the Gaudi Must see buildings, with a huge choice of restaurants and shops to wander by on the 10 minute stroll to the Ramblas. The Metro is just outside and also the Tourist Bus Stop for seeing all the sights is only a minute away. Details/info available from Reception (3 euro with the balance payable to the Bus Courier making it the same price as paying the Tourist Bus Courier)enabling you to preplan your sightseeing, rather that trying to figure it out on the bus. Excellent discount coupons too for museum entries etc make it the best way to sightsee)On our departure at 7.15am in the morning a swift check out together with a taxi supplied in seconds ensured a good start to our journey home.If you want a Hotel with that something special feel this really is the Hotel to choose. A Hotel with the Wow factor Can`t wait to go back, truly a memorable stay in a wonderful City! Thank you so so very much Bruno,and all the Team, on ensuring such a fabulous stay.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous hotel, perfect location My fianc茅 and I have just returned from a three-night stay at the Majestic and would thoroughly recommend this hotel to anyone. We booked a Superior room, which was situated on the side of the hotel. Our room overlooked residential apartments, which was fine, though we had hoped to be at the front of the hotel (I think these views are reserves for suites).The room itself was pleasant. With two single beds, table and chairs and a bureau there was still sufficient room. A television with Spanish and a few English spoken channels was provided. An electronic safe was also provided free of charge. The bathroom was very spacious and bright with the WC and walk in shower separated by doors on either side.The hotel is impressive in all areas, in particular the rooftop terrace. With the pool, bar and seating area situated here this is a great place to relax and take in the spectacular views of the city. The hotel is in a great location in the heart of the city, surrounded by designer shops and within walking distance (10 minutes) of Las Ramblas.We found the staff at the Majestic to be very attentive and feel that their first rate service simply adds to the grandeur of the hotel. All in all this is a superb establishment that certainly deserves its 5 star status. We will definitely be staying at the Majestic again.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel great location! This hotel is centrally located, yet quiet and exclusive. It is within walking distance of Placa Catalunya, Las Ramblas, Sagrada Familia and many other places of interest.  We recently spent three nights (Dec.'04) at the Majestic and since it was my husband's birthday, we upgraded to a junior suite which, with the three for two night offer, was excellent value. The complimentary Cava (on ice) and nibbles which awaited our return on the first night were especially appreciated.  The accommodation was superb and the staff couldn't have been more friendly or eager to please. As often mentioned, the view from the rooftop is amazing.  We had a wonderful time in Barcelona and the standard and location of the hotel certainly added to our enjoyment.  I would have no hesitation in recommending the Majestic and hope to return there myself as soon as possible.  M.Murphy, N.Ireland   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A huge disappointment - very poor value My wife and I recently stayed for thee nights at the Hotel Majestic - what a misnomer!We booked through Lastminute (efficient) and paid approximately 1,000 Euros for the three nights (breakfast not included - see below) for a superior room.The location, on the Paseo de Gracia, is superb, especially as we were doing the tourist bit - it is close to many sites, and to the metro and the Barcelona tour bus stops.After that, with the notable exception of the front-desk staff, who were extremely helpful, everything was downhill ..........The problems centred around the room itself, and the (in) competency of the staff and their (poor) attitude.I don't think we've ever paid so much for such a small, poorly equipped room.We had requested a King bed - we got two singles pushed together.The windows are tiny, and the bathroom not much bigger.Room cleaning was perfunctory at best.However, the biggest issue with the room was (lack of) air-conditioning. During our stay in Barcelona, it was relatively warm, exacerbated by the heating in the room being on full when we arrived. We turned this off but, during the whole of our stay, we could never get the room cool enough to sleep in comfortably. When we complained, we were told that the air-conditioning was turned off in the winter in favour of heating, and nothing could be done (remember, this is a 5* hotel).Opening the window was no good - not only was it too small to make much difference, the hotel's location meant that there was always traffic noise.We could just about have lived with the room, had the service been great ..........Four examples -- on our first night, we had booked a restaurant outside the hotel. We asked the concierge to hail us a taxi, which he did. We inadvertently forgot to tip him so, on our return, my wife specifically sought him out and did tip him, with apologies. Yet the next three times we asked the concierge staff to hail a taxi, they clearly and deliberately ignored us, such that we had to do it ourselves,- the bar staff in the main bar on the ground floor seemed obsessed by tips. Having had poor service the first night (waiting 25 minutes for a simple order of drinks), we did not tip the waiter - on succeeding nights, we simply could not get the waiters to pay any attention to us- as I said earlier, breakfast is not included. We tried the breakfast buffet in the basement (no windows). Everything about breakfast was chaotic and disorganised - it took several minues to get seated, and then an eternity to get the tea we had ordered which, when it arrived, was lukewarm. Hoping for better things with room service the next day, we were sorely disappointed - wrong order, food that was barely warm, and this time the tea was almost cold!! At over 20 euros, the cost for waht you get is exorbitant.- last straw - on departure, we had an early morning flight to catch at Barcelona airport, travelling through the rush hour. Fifteen minutes after requesting a porter, no-one had appeared, so I called again - a further ten minutes elapsed with no show. My wife and I gathered up our luggage, and headed downstairs. When we hit the lobby, I'm sure you can guess by now what happened ..... three porters, no less, wishing to help us to a taxi, and earn the magic tip - we declined despite their evident disapproval.My summary - despite its wonderful location, the facilities of this hotel represent vary poor value for money (suggest you try the Hotel des Arts) - by no stretch of the imagination do they equate to five star.This is exacerbated by the approach and attitude of the staff - with the notable exception of the front desk, they seem driven by one motive - a tip.I could and would not recommend this hotel to anyone.David Shaw  
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great management like it should be in every 5 star hotel! I was the lucky winner of a contest held in Belgium last autumn (3days/2 nights). When I arrived it seemed that the hotel management had upgraded me to one of their fabulous suites! The suite was gorgeous, plasma TV, a great bed, etc etc etc We had one day free use of the courtesy car, a Smart Roadster, loved to drive through Barcelona with that car!When we came in the suite in the evening we found a bottle Cava, a bottle of fine water and an enormous package of fresh fruits.. Really attentful of the management!!!To keep the review short and to the point: This 5 star hotel is perfectly located. Do not expect a 5 star hotel like IC or others. No, here you get the real service you can expect of a 5 star hotel. The management ( and all the employers!!!) does everything to make your stay comfortable. This hotel at least tries to proof they are 5 stars worth!Thanks to B.C. and the whole hotel management for our great stay!! Thanks a lot! Keep on giving this service to people, we will never forget our stay!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Have just returned from taking my mother to Barcelona to celebrate her 70th birthday. Lots of research before booking Majestic which I chose for its star rating, position (so well placed for all you could wish to do)and a 3 for 2 night offer made it even more attractive! Contact with Senor Chiaruttini assured me that our room would be comfortable and well appointed and I was overwhelmed to find that on our arrival we had been upgraded to a Junior suite complete with all the luxuries of champagne on ice etc that gave the start to our trip a real wow factor.The staff were all courteous and helpful - nothing seemed too much trouble. At the last minute in rush hour a 24hr taxi strike threatened to prevent us catching our return flight but helpful staff at the front desk located a private car which got us to the airport with time to spare.In short a wonderful trip at a great hotel - looking forward to returning later in the year with my husband!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb! Booked this hotel for my parents as a 60th birthday gift (Oct 04) and was initially dismayed by some of the mixed reviews. I voiced my concerns to the hotel director (Senor Chiaruttini) via email, who very promptly replied. He suggested that I use one of the hotel's Junior Suites which meant paying a modest upgrade, but these were the most recently upgraded rooms. Regardless of which room I might book, he assured me that my parents would not be disappointed. My parents are experienced five star hotel visitors, especially to spanish destinations and they raved that the Majestic is the BEST hotel they have ever stayed in. The room was out of this world, the public areas had a lovely atmosphere and very attentive friendly staff. Having found the hotel to be so much to their liking, they found that it was in a perfect location for the city: in the old quarter and Ramblas: right beside an Metro station ( it took 15 mins to get back to the hotel from Camp Nou after the Champions League match Barca v Celtic). My parents fully intend to revisit the city and will definitely stay at the Majestic.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anonymous01
<Content>Indead great location, however not a four star.... We stayed in this hotel in October 2004. We travel a lot to Spain (4 / 5 times a year). In our opinion this is not a four star hotel. Maybe to Spanish standards. As mentioned in other reviews, the rooms are not big, and our bathroom was far too small. Everything is packed and too basic. We thought the room does not reach a four star standard. The lobby and restaurant do. The beds are OK, staff is nice, bathroom definitely below average. The only positive thing is the location, which is right in the best shopping area of Barcelona. Our conclusion is that, although Spanish hotels are mostly below our expectations, the price/quality of Majestic is unsatisfactory.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional location and first class service I stayed at the Majestic for six nights in December. As a female traveling alone to a new city, I felt quite at ease. The hotel is situated on one of the most luxurious streets in Barcelona and is in walking distance to elegant shops and other five star establishments. The Majestic exemplifies first class service and elegance with absolutuely no attitude. Everyone at the hotel from the concierge to the housekeeping staff was smiling and helpful at all times. I simply inquired about a Thai restaurant in the neighborhood and the concierge was on the phone in a matter of seconds securing a dinner reservation. The chic pool area at the top of the hotel provided some of the most romantic and stunning evening views of the city and a nightcap at their sumptuous piano lounge is a must.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Julia007
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! After reviewing several 4-5* hotels in different areas of Barcelona, I'm glad I booked the Majestic. Location - superb for sightseeing, transport links, and shops. I felt safer staying near the Paseo de Gracia at night than other areas such as Las Ramblas and Bario de Gothico. Rooftop views stunning.Classical double room adequate, clean with a comfortable bed. Would have liked tea/coffee making facilities to have been provided. Quality breakfast with good choice of food (if you're after a full-English breakfast, don't eat here). Interior decor very tastefully furnished. Leisure facilities a little disappointing - pool very small - hot-tub would be nice. If you're looking for a central hotel with that special something, then I recommend the Majestic.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bedwas
<Content>Up on the roof with the Artful Dodger Just got back. Gaudis Batllo, Museu de Perfum, Metro and Aerobus (at Placa Catlunya) all nearby. Excellent service at front desk. Basic rooms clean and spatious however more akin to a 4*. 3x2 offer made the stay good value. Appreciated the Hotels efforts with the Xmas lights. Rooftop sundeck: well equiped gym, small bar, stunning views over the city - great start to a days sightseeing. One word of warning - pickpocketing is a reality. I got stung by two old ladies selling Carnations in the Montjuic area :-( Fortunately I kept cards/passport in hotel safe and only carry small amounts of cash with me. However, it still took the shine off an otherwise good trip.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Badseyexplorer
<Content>Excellent position, Extremely comfortable Just returned from three nights at the Majestic and it looked fantastic decked out in its Christmas lights festooned from its many balconies. Inside, its lobby, bar and corridors certainly all look five star and the staff are very attentive and professional. We opted for a classic double room using their 'three nights for the price of two' offer. Our room (on the fourth floor) was certainly not large (as I have read in other reviews) but it was perfectly usable with a nice marble tile-lined bathroom and a great balcony looking out on to the Carrer de Valencia with a view of the Passeig de Gracia. While not cavernous, the room was certainly clean, had a good bed, quality fittings and good laundry.We opted not to use the restaurants for either breakfast or dinner so I cannot comment on these - but with so much great stuff on your doorstep why would you want to limit yourself to a hotel meal?Regardless of the room size, there are two real clinchers for this hotel: Its location and its rooftop. The location is perfect. The Passeig de Gracia metro station is one block away and with three or four lines going through it, it's easy to get everywhere else. But nevermind that, if you're an achitecture fan (Gaudi in particular) you've got the Casa Batllo one block to the south, La Pedrera two blocks to the north and the Sagrada Familia about eight blocks west. The shops round there are seriously smart and upmarket, but the food and drink is fantastic and much of it is very reasonable. Good tapas bars are dotted throughout and I must give special mention to La Bodegueta (Rambla de Catalunya, 100). This is a basement bar which you could easily miss but which the locals do not - it's full of them. If you want to sample great, tasty, non-flashy tapas away from the trail, go here. Enjoy the great atmosphere and witness the friendly bar staff make seriously efficient use of a tiny room where bottles of everything are stacked up behind the customers and where those bottles are routinely thrown above the drinkers' head's to keep the bar going.Back to the hotel. The other great thing is the rooftop terrace. Thanks to the Majestic's great height in comparison to most other buildings around it, it offers fantastic views of the city in almost all directions. There is a small pool up there as well as a bar and it is open until 10pm each night. One set of lifts go up and open inside the covered bar area. However, if you take the ones that go from nearest the hotel front desk, as the doors open on the 10th floor, you are immediately outside and directly facing the Sagrada Familia in the distance - breathtaking.I would definitely recommend this hotel, especially if you can get in on one of their 'three nights for the price of two' offers which really make it good value.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BurscoughPhil
<Content>Loved it!!! Myself, wife and daughters stayed here in July 04 and thought it was fabulous. The service was impeccable and a fault on our room air conditioning was rectified within minutes of reporting it.The roof top terrace and pool area with views over the city is a must see.Room service, mini-bar, pool bar and breakfast are all on the expensive side.... but so what, you're on holiday.It's in the best and most convenient part of the city with bars and restaurants in abundance.Turn left out the door towards the Hotel Claris and the side streets have all the cheap local tapas bars.Cross over the Graicia one block to Rambla Catalunya and you will find up market bars etc, even a late night Hagen Daas ice cream parlour that serves beer and has a street cafe.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jtcnacm
<Content>Location is great, the rooms stink! An average hotel at best with an above average price. The rooms are clean but small and on par with a Best Western. Two poor twin beds pushed together is not a king bed. Staff were nice, and the bar was great. Location cant be beat - but if your looking for a nice rest - look for a Heavenly Bed - or just stay at the Arts.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This hotel really went all out, superior! The Hotel Majestic is wonderful, another hotel lost our reservation (Duquesa de Cardona) and could have cared less.The whole city was sold out because of a big convention. I called Majestic and explained our situation, what wonderful ambassadors for Barcelona, they stepped up to the plate and found us a room. The room was delightful, but bath was very cramped. Because of this they also gave us discounted rate. What goodwill. I can not say enough about quality of service, and Hotel. There is a reason that they are five star!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor value This was our third trip to Barcelona, so with that in mind we decided to splash out. Was it value for money? I think not! Was the location great? Oh yes!!!I have mixed views on the majestic, the hotel room was small, We had booked a Superior room at a cost of 760euros for 3 nights so not exactly budget but certainly small, offering few room extras, poor view and 2 single beds.The rooms that face on to the main street with balcony, are an additional 170euros per night......!! so dont think when you book you will end up overlooking Barcelona city, you will instead be facing the appartments across the street.The service was poor, inparticular the restaraunt. I found the staff brash quite abrupt and slow to serve. I ordered coffee only to be served tea, complained, was served hot water instead before finally getting coffee. Wait for it......the waiter then poured the coffee into my cup which he had half filled with tea earlier is that quality or what?This level of service was a not a one of it seemed to migrate through to the cleaning staff. The location is fantastic but with so many other hotels offering more in terms of room size etc an extra 5 minute walk from another hotel is worth considering. Here is a wee tip for you as well.....to order 2 glasses of wine on the roof terrace is 12euros to order a bottle is 13euros!!!!!!!!! Work that one out. All that said we had a nice time but would not go back to the Majestic, best you make up your own mind.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Majestic indeed! I really enjoyed our stay here. We booked at a great rate and upon checking in, received a great room: corner with a balcony. The room was beautiful, the view from the balcony was great, and the bathroom had the best shower we have encountered so far in Europe. The staff was helpful and the location was fantastic...walk to the Gaudi sights and some of the best tapas bars in the city.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful location, great service An excellent hotel. It is obvious that there is a real tradition of hospitality in this hotel. The staff were universally polite and helpful. The location is excellent, right on the Gracia, within close walking distance of high-end shopping and restaurants. The only negative is that we don't think that all the rooms are equally nice. We were shown a first room which clearly was inferior to what we ended up with. So make sure to ask for a higher end room.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kaycoisa
<Content>Best location in Barcelona The Majestic is well run, the rooms are nice, the staff is efficient and best of all - it has a roof top pool. The location on Passeig de Gracia near shops, the Barrio Gotica, the Gaudi buildings etc. makes it very convenient for women alone or families. Our stay in August for 4 days was a bargain. (August is always cheap in Spanish Cities). Our 3 day stay in early October was more expensive but still great. It is also far far safer than the Ramblas. We spend 3 months of every year in Girona one hour north of Barcelona. This is our favorite hotel. One complaint - The dining room - nice - but there is never anyone there. We prefer to dine at Citron nearby.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Somewhat Dissapointing. We stayed at the Majestic for 10 nights in September, and overall we found it to be a reasonably pleasant hotel but certainly overpriced/overated. On arrival we found out that because of the length of our stay, we had been upgraded to a superior room at no extra cost. Although this seemed like a nice gesture, we found the room to be very dissapointing and of a lower standard than we would have expected from the basic room we had paid for. It was very small, and not very well equiped considering that it was in a 5* hotel - there wasn't even a trouser press! The biggest disappointment with our room was the poor and erratic nature of the maid service. Some days our room wasn't cleaned at all, other days it was half cleaned, on two occasions the cleaner took all the towels but didn't replace them, and although after I complained at the front desk, towels were sent up and reassurances given that it wouldn't happen again, the following day the cleaner took all the pillow cases and didn't replace them! The bathroom wasn't cleaned properly during our entire stay - the sticky label from a previous guests shampoo bottle was stuck to the outside of the bath when we arrived, and it was still there when we left! As we suspected that the bathroom wasn't being cleaned other than around the sink, we deliberately placed small lengths of cotton thread on the toilet and bidet to see if they got cleaned off - they didn't!! Another negative point was the roof terrace - although it had good views, the swimming pool up there was tiny and should really be described as a dip pool instead. The roof top bar closed very early as well, which was a shame as it would have been nice to sit up there in the evenings. The hotel piano bar, on the other hand, was certainly a plus point - very friendly and attentive staff, together with a nice ambience. Location wise as well, the hotel is perfect with plenty of tapas bars, and good eateries in the area. It's also quite close to some of Barcelona's tourist attractions etc. Having stayed at other hotels in Barcelona (This was our 8th trip to the city), our opinion of the Majestic is that it just isn't worth the money as there are much nicer places to stay that cost far less.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment What a disappointment!!! The lobby and the staff were good, but the rooms were BIG BIG disappointment - small, Motel 6 furnishings for 5 star hotel prices. Some rooms did not have a window. The pillows and towels were 1/2 sized. To get to the toilet, my broad shouldered husband had to turn sideways. The only good feature of the hotel was its location - across the street from Gaudi's Casa Bastilo and 2 blocks from Casa Meri and in the middle of the nice shopping area. The location was a good walk from Las Ramblas, which is chancy for the late night, unless you are in a group and with someone who knows their way around and speaks Catalon Spanish. Next time - somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of the Bests I have no words to explain our experince at the Majestic Hotel in Barcelona. We had a superb stay in one of the Penthouse Apartments, the best sourprise that my husband did to me in his entire life.... Champagne, VIP treatment, one Smart Roadster included in the price at our disposal, Etro amenities, Bang Olufsen, Plasma Screen, amazing interior design , Huge Jacuzzi, Fresh flowers.... A dream come true !!!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hazel2
<Content>great hotel beautiful hotel. had been a little concerned after reading reviews on this website, but the manager and staff did everything to make us happy and comfortable (both concierge and front desk are very friendly and helpful). wonderful views from the room, and phenomenal buffet breakfast. probably no better view of barcelona from the rooftop terrace with pool (which is great). will definitely stay at majestic again when is barcelona.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it My partner and I have just returned from 4 nights at the Majestic. We obtained a great deal for a junior suite direct with the hotel. When we arrived at 2 pm our suite was not ready but the staff could not have been more apologetic. We were escorted to the bar/lounge and told to order a drink on the house. This suited us as we were planning on going straight for a drink anyway. All the while we were kept informed of the progress of our suite. We decided to have a light lunch while we were waiting, for which we were fully expecting to pay, but that also was on the house. We were then taken to our suite by the PR girl, and given her personal extension number to call if we needed anything more. The suite was delightful in every way, with a wonderful view over the Passeig de Gracia. All of the staff were extremely friendly and helpful, and the hotel is in one of the best areas and within walking distance of all the main attractions. We found the Ramblas area to be too noisy and tacky, and were very glad we hadn't stayed in that area.Overall a wonderful trip, and would thoroughly recommend staying at the Majestic.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buffgirl73
<Content>First Class I had read some of the reviews of the Majestic before going but after booking and was a little concerned. I had also heard from a couple of friends that the standard rooms were small, so we booked a Junior Suite and it was fantastic. The recent renovations seem to have benefited these rooms hugely. Excellent fixtures and fittings (apart from one of the slightly temperamental TVs in the bedroom!), down to the bathrobes and slippers. The service was discreet and yet incredibly attentive just as it should be. The district is fab if you like shopping and within walking distance to pretty much everywhere except the Olympic Port which we found overly touristy and pretty lacking in atmosphere. It's also quieter than around Las Ramblas but with plenty going on. The only downside to this hotel that we found was the room service. The menu after 11pm was pretty limited and the quality of the food was pretty poor (in relation to what you'd expect from a 5* hotel). A small thing really but I think it would help them gulf the gap that they been attempting between a 4* and 5* establishment. All in all it was a great stay for great value, the prices seem to be about 2/3rds the price of the other 5* in the City.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disappointment in many ways The Majestic has a wonderful location at the Paseig Gracia avenue in the most fashionable district of Barcelona. The building in itself is a landmark, surrounded by famous buildings, some by Gaudi himself. But - in a way I found they have damaged their position on the celebrated street. The ground floor of the hotel has been rented or sold to high fashion stores, so not much remains of the common area of the hotel except the reception and the bar - giving the impression of a narrow corridor. The hotel has two restaurants, one in a low basement, the other, more expensive, on the second floor - in spaces that are rather crammed.We decided on dinner in the cheaper restaurant, in the basement. This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I麓ve ever had. We had to ask three times for water. No bread arrived on the table. At long last I got the hors d'ouvre, a mediocre gaspachio. After one and an half hour the main course had not arrived. Then we decided to revolt and left. Other guests in the restaurant almost applauded us as we did so. The hotel staff had the good sense not to bill us for this nonexistant meal. We had some lovely tapas in a great place across the street, with very efficient service.More complaints. I asked for our bags to be sent down from our rooms, which is normal procedure in a five star establishment. They had not arrived in 45 minutes, despite my having repeated the request, so I went and got them myself.The room was rather small, but admittedly the bed was comfortable. Most of the hotel staff were also quite nice, exepting the wooden waiters in the restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>efaa
<Content>Great Location and Charming Hotel I read all of the reviews on this site before we booked our hotel and was a little worried about the negative reviews about the Majestic, but we booked the Majestic anyway because we did not want to spend the extra money on either the Meridian or the Arts, the other two we were considering. When we got to the hotel, there was a problem with our room and they immediately upgraded us to a room with a huge balcony overlooking Pacia de Gracia. The location of the hotel is incredible and I liked it better then the location of the Meridian which is on the Ramblas, which, although a fun area, is very loud and does not have as many nice shops or restaurant that are on Pacia de Gracia. The Majestic is located across the street from the train station and most importantly to all of the architectural buildings created by Gaudi. The staff was very very friendly. I would especially recommend getting suggestions for restaurants from Shoshanna at the front desk, who was never wrong with her recommendations. The bar lounge was also a great area to go late night and get some Champaign. We usually stay in five star hotels when we travel, and we saved a significant amount of money staying at the Majestic over the Hotel Arts and were very very happy, especially since we were celebrating our anniversary. We would both recommend this hotel to any of our friends or family!Some other pointers for your traveling needs: For our anniversary my husband and I went to La Doma to eat, which I would recommend over and over and over again, so if celebrating a special occasion, this is the place to go! My other recommendation would be to take the tour bus around the city because the first couple of days my husband and I were taking the train and taxis to all the sites we wanted to see, as we began to realize that this tour bus runs from 8 am till 9 pm and drops you off everywhere so that you can get on and off and not worry about how to get to different places around Barcelona. The other place that we feel is a must was the Dali museum, an absolutely amazing place built by the artist himself. We took the train and it was very easy. Lastly, be careful of the restaurants located directly along La Rambla, we stopped at two different places for tapas and the food and even the sangrias were absolutely horrible both times! A major tourist trap!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth it The good things:location and breakfast.the bad things: we booked a classic room: it was small, very standard furnished, noisy, and we could smell the smoke of the cigarettes coming from the neighboring room!while checking out the hotel management presented us with a bill where the second night was more expensive then the first one, whereas the rate was only one when we booked. The explanation was that rates sometimes changed! however, they did amend the bill when we told them that it was not the deal.from my experience I can say that the standard rooms of this hotel can definitely not be deemed as 4 star deluxe!!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maz67
<Content>Great Location, Great City, Great Hotel There is no better location to base yourself in Barcelona than the Majestic. The panoramic view from the rooftop terrace is worth the money alone!Don't be put off by any negative reviews. The hotel is a definite 5 star in all it does be it its rooms, location, staff and decor, whilst it still manages not to be overbearing and stuffy like other 5 stars I've visited.The rooftop pool is small, but perfectly formed, and sitting by the pool having a drink looking over the rooftops to the spires of Sagrada Familia was a highlight of a great stay.Situated on the most beautiful Avenue in the city it is the perfect place to see the city and is close to all the main tourist attractions.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Majestic With no doubt : The best hotel in town !!!We use to travel quite often to Barcelona for business and for pleasure and we know the top hotels in town. The rooms: Specially the Suites !!!The location: Armani and Chanel have choosen the hotel property to stablish their boutiques in town.The restaurant: Drolma 1 Michelin STAR FABULOUS !!! The service: Friendly, eficient and nice .The swiming pool : Best views in town. Amazing Sunsettings !!!!5 stars is not enough: it's a 6 to 7 star property!!!!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tops! Plus pointsExcellent hotel, very nice decor. Excellent location.Staff very good and helpful. Breakfast excellentMinus pointsSmall pool, Small Rooms (but everything you need and immaculate), expensive hotel bar.Well worth staying there if you can afford it, with some lovely restaurants within a short walk (2 mins)  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spend your hard earned money elsewhere Spend your hard earned money elsewhere. I'm amazed that they continue to think Hotel Majectic is a 5* when they don't have a clue how to execute like one. Having us wait for our room for 1 1/2 hours way past the check-in time was not fair. After all, we paid their upscale rate and just want better treatment and service. 2 twin beds put side by side doesn't make it a king size bed and is most uncomfortable. Please refrain from using your renovation as an excuse for doing such a lousy job and consider lowering your rating for what it's worth, 2* maybe 3 and nothing more.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2004
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic - No better Hotel in Barcelona My wife and I have just returned from a wonderful weekend in Barcelona - thanks mainly to the staff and hospitality at Hotel Majestic.The Hotel itself is decorated to an elegantly high standard, and all aspects of the facilities in our room, and in the public areas, were excellent.The reception staff were both welcoming and very helpful during our check-in and check-out and each porter greeted us cheerfully on each occasion in the foyer.To conclude - the Hotel Majestic is located in the perfect location in Barcelona (L'Eixample), but what made our stay memorable was the friendly, professional and helpful attitude and approach of the staff of Hotel Majestic.Our only regret was that our stay was so short.In brief - bravissimo!!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>larosa46
<Content>Charming, elegant and warm we just returned from a family cruise vacation and finished our trip with a 3 night stay (3 for 2) at the majestic hotel. we loved the hotel and found it to be very charming, elegant and warm. the rooms were very comfortable and much nicer than the pictures on the internet. the location can not be beat and the staff was extremely pleasant and helpful. i would absolutely recommend this hotel to everyone. the rooftop pool was very peaceful and a good respit to a day of sightseeing and walking. i can not imagine anyone not having a fantastic stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>superb hotel in a superb city after reading some of the reviews on the condition of the rooms,i decided to email bruno chiaruttini (director of sales and marketing)to air my worries.he quickly replied and guaranteed me a room that would not disappoint.i booked a superior room (16th-19th aug) as a surprise birthday present for my girlfriend.the room(802) was very good.jacuzzi bath with shower,double wash basin,seperate wet room(very nice).nicely decorated.the room overlooked the busy passeig de gracia,yet with the proper double glazing that was not a problem.we only ate once at the hotel this being the breakfast buffet.the food and selection was very good although a touch steep (20euros).the location of the hotel is very good, close enough to the action of las ramblas,yet also far enough away.there are plenty of good shops and restaurants very near to the hotel.the pool and sunbathing area are small but we had only one little wait for loungers in the couple of times we went to the pool area.we were sent a complimentary bottle of cava and a lovely selection of fruit on our first night (courtesy of bruno).my girlfriend and i would definitely recommend staying at hotel majestic  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>super support in a mini crisis Super facilities. Excellent position, Lovely room. Very smart and elegant.I would like to express my gratitude to the reception staff who went out of their way to assist us, AFTER we had checked out of our hotel. ( We fell victim to an apparently common problem...our car tyre was slashed...while we replaced the tyre we were distracted by someone 'helpful' whose friend then helped themselves to our credit cards and money! Stuck with no phone, no money and no Spanish we did the only thing we could think of and drove back to the hotel for help!) The hotel staff helped us to make contact with our insurance companies in England and with language problems in dealing with the car etc. Nothing seemed too much trouble...and remember we had offically left the hotel! BRILLIANT!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rsdNyc
<Content>elegant hotel, couldn't be better situated, loved it!! we stayed at the majestic in mid-july 2004 for three nights after staying at another 5-star hotel for a week (business). we had had trouble with booking, and for our trouble (we were first denied a 'stay 3 nights for cost of 2' advertized on their website for the summer), we were upgraded by the manager, who was very gracious via email. we were extremely satisfied with the room -- large, with terrace overlooking the passeig de gracia, but amazingly, very very quiet due to true double windows. the hotel is old-style elegant, could use some updating but the feeling was, 'we aim to please' -- certainly worth a lot! we would stay there again in a minute! it's an extraordinary location and a lovely hotel. barcelona is amazing, and staying at the majestic puts you exactly in the perfect spot.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lansingisland
<Content>Loved the Majestic We stayed at the Majestic in late June for 2 nights. We were very pleased with this hotel. The service was polite and helpful, location was perfect, and the rooftop pool was great for views. I think all hotels that host a lot of Americans should have some sort of coffee service available. I recommend this hotel, especially for it's central, safe, quiet location.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Much Better Hotels exist in Same Price Range with Better Service in BCN I have stayed at this hotel a total of 3 times and this last stay was the worst. For a 5 star hotel, they sure dont act like one. Their reception staff is rude and unaccomodating, particularly to Americans I have noticed over my 3 trips there. The Junior Suite was small for the price (349 Euros). And beware of the packages you purchase. I purchased a Majestic SUite Package and only received the free bottle of Champagne... hotel promised champagne, chocolate truffles and some type of gift on arrival day and I only got the champagne because I called reception. reception also did not answer the internal telephone so i resorted to calling an outside line and of course they pick up right away -- they obviosuly don't consider their existing guests a high enough priority! All in all, I would avoid this hotel. I plan to stay at a better hotel next time in Barcelona. I think Majestic doesnt deserve more than 4 stars, and that is being too generous!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>JJc 300
<Content>Great breakfast. Pity about the room. When I arrived at the hotel I was advised that the type of room requested was not available. For 1 night I was given a smoking room instead and no balcony. Next 3 nights was given supposedly as a gesture of goodwill a smaller non smoking room with a minute balcony overlooking Gracia, a very busy road. On our last evening following discussion with Bruno the marketing Director we were given a comp bottle of CAVA. Too little Too Late. Advise any potential visitors to inspect the room before acceptance as the hotel's idea of a superior room fluctuates. Great location. Great breakfast. Jim.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great experience! Barcelona's Best Value Strongly recommend this hotel. Location is unique on the shopping avenue of Barcelona. We were there during the sales and it is worthwhile. Hotel staff makes you feel like at home and the overall services are great. The room was large and we were positively surprised that they are not outdated as some of tripadvisors reviewers have said.The rooftop pool is a must and the view unbeatable. You are walking distance from any major attractions: plaza de catalonia, Ramblas or Rambla de Catalonia and you are also 1 block away from 2 Gaudi masterpieces.We had a great deal on their website with a 2=3 in July and found to be a fantastic value for money. As some said: MAJESTIC is FANTASTIC  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Room, Great Service, Worth the Price My wife and I stayed at Hotel Majestice on the last day of our honeymoon. We just finished doing a cruise through the mediterranean and decided to stay one extra day in Barcelona. We arrived at the Hotel Majestic at 9:30am. We expected to have to wait until 3:00pm to check-in to our room. Instead they not only let us check-in, but upgraded our room to a suite. The room was fantastice and over looked the Passeig de Gracia. In addition, the view from the rooftop is fantastic. The location is well situated as well. It is right across the street from one of Gaudi's houses and close to the metro which makes it easy to get around Barcelona. Although the rooms at the Hotel Majestic are a little pricey, it was well worth the money.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved this hotel, located on a beautiful avenue in a beautiful city! this hotel is tops! we had a great room with a princess balcony that looked down onto the avenue , where the sea was in one direction and the mountains in the other. the rooms were very comfortable and spacious. the staff was friendly and courteous, we always had help hailing a taxi when we needed one. the roof/pool area was great with a fantastic view. the bar was very nice, dark paneling and interesting art work.I enjoyed checking out the women and their bags after a day of shopping. we stayed here only for a weekend, and i would certainly stay at the Majestic again. Barcelona is a wonderful place to visit.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Problems with Website I have not stayed at the hotel, but did make an online reservation through the hotel's official website. This has proven impossible to cancel online. The hotels cancellation web-page is non-responsive and my hotel-issued booking number is too many digits to fit in the dialog box.I was especially concerned about this when I noted the other reviewer's comments on this site which indicates that he was charged even when he e-mailed his cancellation.Obviously this hotel has problems.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelonas Best Although it has been eight months since my wife and I have stayed at this hotel I would just like to add my opinion of this fine establishment.It has one of the friendliest and most considerate staffs we have come across in all our trips throughout europe. As has been said, some of the rooms may need improvement but if you don't like the first room you are given it is up to you to request another one. We also would like to compliment the wait staff at the bar for their friendliness and courtesy. All these people made our stay in Barcelona much more pleasant.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four Nights in a Great City We have just completed a four night stay from May 1st to the 5th... The hotel was great. First of all it was in the best location in the city. You are in the center of the nicest area, and within walking distance of most of the major attractions. At night, La Rumbas can a little scary, so if you want to walk around at night, this is the area for you. Out of a 5 scale, I would give the room a 3. It was perfectly ok, but not to the level of a 5-star rating. The rest of the hotel did meet 5-star standards. The front desk and staff get a five!... They were always helpfull, had great dinning suggestions and made us feel very welcome and at home. After using this site to select this hotel, I was happy with the selection and would stay here on my next visit.  
<Date>May 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PPlease do not waste yourmoney on this hotel! Please, whatever you do, spend your money elsewhere. I was supposed to stay at this hotel for FOUR NIGHTS (April 4-8,2004). However, due to the coldness/unaccommodating nature of the front desk staff, as well as a room that was in bad need of a paint job (Room 523), and after TWO UNFORTUNATE NIGHTS, I finally got smart and decided to CHECKOUT. The room was superbly located (5th floor, balcony view of Paseo de la Gracia), but the room was horrible. Absolutely, UNACCEPTABLE in its' presence. The only good thing about the hotel? Fifteen Euros, flat fee cost for internet use/business center, for entire length of stay. I was so happy to leave, and go to the wonderful rooms, and spirit of the people at HOTEL AXEL!! Half the cost, and by U.S.A. standards, a truly WONDERFUL HOTEL.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific Service---wonderful experience I found the staff at the Majestic to more than make up for the rooms, which while not quite five-star, were extremely clean, functional and very nice. The bilingual staff at the front desk went out of their way to help us with directions, reservations, and help with our lost luggage. There was also a lovely piano bar, a delicious buffet breakfast (although expensive). The location was perhaps the best in Barcelona, surrounded by Gaudi architecture and walking distance to almost every major attraction.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 5 Star Yet! We stayed at the Majestic for 5 nights. The service is ok however they did not change or replaced our bathroom amenities (soap, etc..)during our stay. The rooms are very small and there is only heating for during winter and spring (it was march and the temerature outside was already rising) we had to sleep with the windows open. Food was very good but high priced. I travel all over the world and stay at the best hotels, this was ot definetively a 5 star. It was an extremelly expoensive 4 star (330 euro a night for normal room). My rates have been lower at the Le Grand Paris, or the Palace in Madrid with much better rooms.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A hotel that needs more attention to detail. This is a man's hotel, and not women friendly. The city's most expensive restaurant reeks of cigars, and the rooms need to be aired out. Small details like bathrobes that are soft and comfortable, kleenex in the room, plugs for laptops in the desks, alarm clocks, doors that do not slam shut with incredible noise, and sound-proofing would be useful. As well, the water supply of the city of Barcelona requires visitors to have spring water, this was not provided or even easily available. Heating and air-conditioning are very uneven and cannot be controlled.The pool on the roof is laughable - it is exactly 12 feet by six feet and unheated. They should simply put whirlpool jets in it and accept the fact that it is nothing more than a big bathtub. The roof also is unsafe for children as it has no safety rails and a very large drop down. While the staff of this hotel are very nice, the lack of attention to detail means this is no more than a businessman's hotel for very short stays, and the fact that at least half the rooms have a terrible view of a concrete carpark is another consideration. Breakfast is not included, is eaten in the basement and is 26 Euros. There are no no-smoking areas in the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice We stayed at the Majestic for 3 nights during our honeymoon upon recommendation of a frequent traveler to Barcelona. The location is great, it's away from all the touristy places and is located in a very nice/quiet fashionable district. Shopping is very near to be found. The architecture on this street is amazing!!!! You are within 2 minutes walk to a couple of buildings designed by Gaudi. Barcelona is an amazing town, we absolutely loved it. The one hang up that I have about the Majestic is that while we were there during August 2003, there was construction happening on to the facade of the building therefore the front of the building had a huge advertisement on it. The front desk was very nice and sent up a bottle of champagne to our room, upon informing them that we don't drink, they sent up a plate full of fruit along with mineral water, a very nice gesture. This hotel was very nice and I would highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Majestic is fantastic! This is one of the nicest hotels I've ever stayed in. My room was gorgeous, everything obviously top of the line and service was impeccable. Loved this hotel and the treatment very much. Will definitely be back!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location Just as reported - a fabulous place to stay! We had a junior suite on a 3 for 2 offer which made the price very competitive. Friendly, helpful staff; late check-out no problem. Superb location for exploring the city and a welcome retreat after doing so. The only down side (if there has to be one) is that there is no air-con in the winter.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PKE1
<Content>Majestic is Majestic The hotel is superb. The rooms are excellent and the location is first class. The restaurant (Drolma) was very expensive. However there are some excellent restaurants/tapas bars close by. I would recommed this hotel highly.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best hotel in the city The hotel has the best location in the glamorous  Paseig the gracia in the same hotel bulding you have CHANEL and ARMANI shops . The service it is marvellous, warm wellcome and very nice with the customers.Food it is excellent. Don麓t miss the Drolma Restaurant Phillip Stark lamps and Versace China. Lovely FOOD experience!!!Great memories!!!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>teddyslayer
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed for three nights in the Majestic. We booked it online at a very reasonable rate. Its location is excellent and the views from the roof are great. The room was a little on the small side but very well furnished. The staff were very friendly. We enjoyed our stay so much that we are planning a return trip in 2004  
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>See It All From The Majestic!   showReview(1258339, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the Spotlight   showReview(1236867, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ydougher
<Content>Location, Location, Location.   showReview(1136198, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst of five Barcelona hotels   showReview(994214, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great time in Barcelona   showReview(993669, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous hotel    showReview(922934, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, quiet, worth price   showReview(921354, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, lovely service, super location!   showReview(908620, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pefect location   showReview(835987, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>balbab
<Content>un palace un peu froid   showReview(21487369, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	3	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Magnifico sotto ogni punto di...   showReview(21807612, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ellaMarbella
<Content>Ha sido un sue帽o pasar una vacaciones en el Hotel Majestic   showReview(20153131, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zimmer unangemessen klein   showReview(19639775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super 5* Hotel in guter Lage und toller Dachterasse mit Pool   showReview(19639774, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>JE VOUS LE CONSEILLE   showReview(18536540, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(18536539, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dsbe
<Content>bel h么tel   showReview(16297299, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situ茅   showReview(16595381, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LilleStef
<Content>Trop bruyant, surcot茅 !!   showReview(15103315, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15571192, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Albergo bello ma francamente...   showReview(16725763, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stabros
<Content>Vous avez dit 5 etoiles ???   showReview(12304191, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>iadx
<Content>Bonne situation, mais quelques point noirs   showReview(11939783, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>jerome75
<Content>tr猫s mauvais rapport qualit茅 prix       Vue du haut de l'h么tel pr猫s de la petit piscine  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	4	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes cityhotel   showReview(11448589, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nacho3007
<Content>El mejor hotel de Barcelona y la mejor direcci贸n   showReview(8284291, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Mitten in Barcelona   showReview(11430867, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Majestic Hotel Barcelona   showReview(11430866, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jeanetjoelle
<Content>Tr猫s bonne prestation   showReview(7545190, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Unter den Erwartungen   showReview(11414477, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Collocazione in posizione...   showReview(11414133, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Poussiere sur les cadres et...   showReview(11414134, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂嫥銈併仐銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19156907, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙偦銈搞兓銉€銉汇偘銉┿偡銈?..   showReview(19926111, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La chambres etait belle mais...   showReview(13397813, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>02骞?2鏈堛伀瀹挎硦銇?..   showReview(19915992, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>La combinazione tre notti...   showReview(11414136, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2002
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

