<Author>friscocat
<Content>It Was OK       the bathroom  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>n0screenname
<Content>an adequate hotel - don't know why all the bad reviews I stayed there coming and going to a different city in Chinaand so stayed in two different rooms. Both were fine - clean, quietwell supplied with towels and soap etc. One had a smallrefrig. maybe the other did also, but I didn't notice it. both hada scale to weigh yourself (something i never saw in any other hotel in the world).The bed was hard, but not in disrepair (as suggested by some other reviews), and I understand that hardbeds are the chinesestyle, and it was certainly true in another (much fancier, moreexpensive) hotel I stayed in in china. Having a somewhatsensitive back, hard is better than overly soft for me. I alsohad a small camping pad which I used, but I slid off of it anyway.The first night I stayed there was particularly cold in Beijing, and the heatin the room was not sufficient, so I wore an extra layer of clothes.The second night (about a week later) was warmer andmuch more comfortable. The restaraunt was ok, but thebreakfast is overpriced.Of course, the main reason for booking this hotel is its location -an easy ten minute walk to Tianaman square and the forbidden city.I was short on time and wanted to be close. I noticed that several adventure groups, such as REI adventure,were staying there as well, but most of the guests seemed tobe chinese businessmen. I thought the staff were fine, andthe assistant manager, Harry, was very helpful - he speaksfine English and told me he spent a year in the US workingat Disneyworld. in the end, I thought the hotel was fine for my purposes - similarin price and quality to hotels I stay in in the US. I don't really know why it got so many bad reviews. This wasthe only hotel I stayed in in Beijing, so I don't have any otherlocal basis for comparison. I stayed in a medium-price room.Maybe the rooms at the absolute bottom price level are not as well kept up.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Ladeelawyer
<Content>Did not like the Beijing Dongjiaominxiang Hotel This is apparently an ordinary hotel - until you go to bed! Beds appear to be only a box spring with neither a mattress nor any type of padding to help the experience. This is enough to avoid the hotel if at all possible. The room also did not meet our standards for cleanliness.Only plus here is location. You can walk to Tianenmen Square and to a major modern shopping center nearby. Also, if you crave US fast food, there is a nearby McDonalds.Included breakfast is okay, if ordinary. The cafe on the first floor has okay food, but ran out of hamburders after we had ordered and finished our salad. So not dependable.Chinese restaurant on the second floor is pretty, and offers such delicacies as donkey and frog meat. It seemed to be popular with the Chinese, but we did not try it.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>graceh9
<Content>Worst beds ever some have commented that all Chinese beds are hard -- and indeed in a private home in the hutong the bed we observed (and felt) was about like these -- but in all the modest hotels in China I have stayed in, I have never encountered one this miserable. The beds in this hotel are like a blanket on a concrete platform -- you would be no worse off rolled up in a blanket on the floor -- although not these floors as the carpets are caked with filth. I doubt they have been cleaned in the life of the hotel. Most chinese hotels of my experience have firm beds -- this one was a misery -- very hard to sleep. The beds would be a deal breaker for me -- they really are unacceptable.Other than this an acceptable hotel. Adequate bathroom, very good air conditioning, good internet connection although at Hilton add on prices. Small room safe. Room was basically clean except for maintenance issues like the filthy carpet.The breakfast was very good and diverse. I wish I could stomach dumplings for breakfast because they looked good -- but an omelette service, an array of asian and western choices including congee every morning, toast, various fruits etc. made for a good start for the day. We avoided the restaurants in the hotel because they were overpriced not very appetizing looking buffets. There are many restaurants within a K walk of the hotel which is on a quiety tree lined street.The location is great for tourism and for shopping and not too far a stretch to local supermarket, shops and restaurants where we had mixed luck. There is a very nice vegetarian restaurant within a very few blocks for those looking for that in Beijing.The staff are of the 'come back tomorrow when someone else will have to deal with your problem not me' variety -- they lost my husband's laundry (same day service advertised) for 3 days and we were stunned when they finally produced it. They speak almost no English but then we don't have much Chinese. I would think that just before the Olympics and with presumably big expectations for visitors they would have cleaned the carpets. We got the inflated Pre-Olympics prices without the improved service one would expect.Ours was a last minute booking made by a travel agent when our originally destination the Guilin area experienced floods and so we decided 'no mountains? well let's see the wall then'  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>rimtraveler
<Content>Perfectly fine hotel My usual hotel had a mix-up in the reservations (actually my fault) and sent us down the road via taxi to this hotel. I would refer all to the posted review titled: Don't understand all the negative reviews. I agree with all. A word to 1st time China travelers: ALL THE BEDS IN CHINA ARE HARD! I normally stay (3 times a year for past 4 yrs.) at the Harmony Hotel which I highly recommend. The Dong Jiao Min Xiang may be more expensive (the Harmony Hotel had our booking made for the one night at their rate of about $64) The Dong Jiao Min Xiang had 3 advantages over the Harmony: food. Their buffet breakfasts were better. The hotel is behind (on the street just north) of the big expensive Capitol Hotel. The restaurant in the Capitol parking lot on the west side had the best little Chinese hamburgers in little white wrappers, I wanted to load up on a doz. for our plane home. And our best discovery was just down the street from the Dong Jiao Min Xiang, east, the Bin Jing Jing Yuan Restaurant.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>travelnuts88
<Content>Horror hotel stay in Beijing Room was booked through a travel agent as part of tour package. Staff was not friendly, helpful nor spoke any English. Breakfast was terrible. Room smell musty. Room booked was Non Smoking but you can smell a combination of cigarette smell and wet carpet when you came in to the door. No climate control, cool air = hot air only in the winter (horrible thought on what's blown in the summer). No cool air circulating in the room, with window opened only for several inches without breeze from outside, it was extremely difficult to breathe. Bed was very hard. Sleeping on the smelly carpet was softer than the bed I slept in. Bathroom was not thoroughly cleaned. Toilet / plumbing was really bad, the pipe made horrible sound everytime I flushed the toilet. After 2 nights of horrific stay, we moved to different hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Nolababe
<Content>Ok hotel, but I would stay else where We stayed at this hotel for a week in 3/08. The location of the hotel was ideal. It was close to major shopping (an area like Times Square is a 10 minute walk away), it was close to Tienemen square, but I would not stay at this hotel again. The staff was very unhelpful. Most of the staff did not speak English. They had the absolute WORSE buffet lunch I have ever payed for in my entire life. The prices of the hotel's restaurants were very high for chinese standards, with very low quality (tot he point where I can't believe they called it a buffet lunch). The buffet breakfast that came with the room was decent. The beds were very hard and uncomfortable, the rooms did not have clocks in the them. I would not opt to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Z100London
<Content>To be avoided The hotel has a good location and is close to attractions and shops. However, the rooms were dirty and the uncomfortable beds had bed-bugs, so myself and my travelling companion were both covered in bites each morning. I understand that this is a budget hotel but the overall experience was pretty unpleasent and there's better budget accomodation available in the city, so we'd recommend looking for an alternative.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	2	

<Author>sandos71
<Content>Don鈥檛 understand why all the negative reviews鈥?Great Value! We stayed at this hotel over the week of Thanksgiving 2007. To be honest we were traveling to Beijing on a shoe string and let our travel agent select the least expensive amenities for us about 6 months before our trip. A couple of weeks before our trip I began reading previous reviews for this hotel and panicked a bit. After reading the reviews I was expecting a filthy hotel with un-courteous staff, unexpected costs (room deposits, etc..), un-sleepable beds, a terrible breakfast and to be, as one traveler put it camping out.NOT TRUE! This hotel was terrific. I'm not sure what the previous travelers / reviewers expectations were, but it's pretty clear to me that no one remembered what they had paid to stay in this hotel in the first place... Was everyone expecting to be staying at the Ritz for $80 - $100 per night? To cover things, point by point:Cleanliness - Old yes, dirty no. Unless we were blessed with a lightly used room, there was nothing that seemed out of the ordinary or remotely dirty about the room. New sheets and towels everyday (if you'd like, they do the green card thing too), everything wiped down and vacuumed. I've seen much worse for more $.Staff - Imagine if you would for a minute that you had a very basic understanding of a second language (enough to get by with) and one day at your office someone came in and began asking you specific and difficult questions in that language. Would you be somewhat frustrated? I've experienced this. They experience this everyday! But here's the kicker, if they don't know what you're saying, they may act rude, but it's because they have no clue what you want! At this point they'll find someone for you that does; such a small hurdle. At 11:30pm on the second night of our stay I needed a calling card... I called the desk, asked as simply as I could and CLICK... Ouch! One minute later my room was rang by the manager who spoke great English. He said the store was closed and I'd have to wait until the morning. About two minutes later he called the room again and said a bell boy knew of a store that was fairly close by and still open that he could get a card at and that he was ON HIS WAY TO PICK IT UP FOR ME. 10 minutes later, card in hand I was able to call my mother for her birthday. Unexpected Costs (Deposit) - In our case no. Not true. Talk to your tour agency. If you book on your own. You may be on the hook for something, so just know this going into the stay.Beds - Yes hard. Hard in every sense of the word. It's amazing though, my back has never felt better. FYI, others in our group staying at an alternative hotel said their beds were just as hard. You'll sleep fine. Breakfast - Fine. Perfectly fine. It's not a Western breakfast, but you already are expecting that, right? You can get an omelet made if you'd like, but mainly you'll be eating dumplings and noodles and meat dishes. Toast, fruit, coffee and juice all available.In case you're worried about safety you might as well book this hotel straight away... You will be staying 20 meters from the Mayor of Beijing's house and office. The Chinese protect their leaders thoroughly. Same as everyone else has pointed out, you're 15 minutes walk from the Square, and Wangfujing Shopping district. 20 Yuan cab ride to anywhere in the city (and yes the cab will take you right to the front door of the hotel; they just can't enter from the side that the Mayor's house is between specific hours). Book this hotel and save yourself some money for shopping and site seeing. You'll be happy you did.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>LeeAuckland
<Content>Basic Hotel very close to Tiananmen Square Hotel was ok not the best but will do if travelling on a budget. We required a triple room in Beijing and couldn't find many cheap hotel's that would cater for us. Sheets were clean rooms serviced daily, bathroom was ok except shower looked a little dirty. Best thing is very close to Tianamen Square approximatly 500metres. Taxi's would not drop us to the hotel for some reason so this became very differcult i think it may have been the district or the hotel being located on a oneway street. Overall i probably wouldn't go back to this hotel,  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	4	3	

<Author>arrived
<Content>it is a two star hotel This hotel is fortunate that I can give it a two star. The stars are for its great location and the breakfast (which came with the package), but that is it! The beds were hard. Just about the time I was to leave (the last night of a six-day stay), the toilet was not flushing too well. The pipes under the sink gave way and came apart when the faucet was running. Luckily, I managed to remedy that situation without calling housekeeping. Can hear the bathroom being used in the next door room. The personnel at the front desk need to be better trained to deal with non-Chinese speaking guests. I thought with the Olympics around the corner the service would have improved since the last time I was here back in '92. Well, at least the hotel supplied slippers because I would never be able to walk barefoot on that dirty carpet. Like most Asian hotels, this one supplies decent toiletry amenities. But I think I would have brought my own towels to use. Need to buy own bottled water at the nearby small grocery store. Hotel charged outrageous price for bottled water. Conclusion: you get what you paid for!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>kgoldfien
<Content>The bad far outweighs the good. I understand that we were in China, so it is to be expected that somethings would be different. We have traveled to many developing countries and stayed in many various hotel rooms around the world, sowe have quite a bit of experience to compare this adventure against.The hotel staff is nice enough and the hotel manager was helpful whenour luggage was delayed in Hong Kong- he even called our airline since we do not speak Chinese. The breakfast is good and the hotel location is wonderful. I felt very safe in the area around the hotel and the hotel seems to be very secure. Lots of Asian travelers and lots of domestic Chinese travelers. Not many Western travelers while we were there.Now, for the bad. Our hotel room was filthy. Maybe not all rooms are filthy, but ours was really disgusting. Mold in the bathrooms (aroundthe toilet, in and near the tub, around the sink and around the lightfixture) a dirty tub, the bathroom counter wasn't wiped down and had someone elses toothpaste dribbles on it when we arrived. The drinkingglasses were dirty. There were dead bugs smooshed onto the wall and ceiling (I counted 4 dead bugs splattered- couldn't someone have at least wiped away the splatter??). I got 6 random bugbites one night at the hotel (one of which is still particularly painful a week later). The entire hotel had a funky smell, too, but I got used to that after a few days.Other posts say that the beds are hard. I thought that maybe these posters were just used to a softer bed. Oh, no. These 'beds' cannot even be called beds in all seriousness. You can't jump on them- they do not bounce-at all. Even when you sit down on them, you say 'oof', because it's like sitting down on a stone wall when you are expectinga mattress. You may as well sleep on the floor. The spa is nice and the prices can't be beat. Just be prepared to spend more than you intended- I went to the spa twice and each time they through in an extra, hidden, fee. First, it was about $7 for 'Chinese Medicine'. I don't even know what that is....I got a foot massage. When you ask, the staff gets testy and just demands that youpay. Silly me, I went back for seconds. The second time, they hit me with a $12 'room rental' fee. I got a massage- the room that she did the massage in wasn't included in the price? It's not like the spa was jamming with clients. Furthermore, these additional prices are not mentioned anywhere in the pamphlet...they just seem to be a 'screw you' charge. Any questioning of this practice led to a clusterof angry people threatening to call the manager and yelling at you inChinese. It wasn't worth the aggrevation of fighting over a few dollars. You cannot drink the water in China. No problem, just grab the big drinking water jug offered in the room and pay a few dollars for it.Well, the expiration date on our drinking water passed 4 months ago.And the seal on the water had obviously been broken. Calls to the front desk to request a new water jug went unheeded throughout our entire stay, so we were forced to purchase more expensive water from the lobby shop. Not terrible, but an inconvenience nonetheless.Our travel agent told us (after we got to China, of course) that thishotel isn't even really considered 4 stars by the Chinese. They only received that rating due to their proximity to local attractions. Is it an OK hotel for the money? Probably- it is awfully cheap. But in all honesty, who wants to rough it in China? I didn't travel all that way to go camping, I at least expected a 2 star motel quality room. This room, in the US at least, would be less than 1 star. If it's not too late- stay someplace else! If it is too late to change your plans....plan on roughing it!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PJ_25
<Content>Choose another hotel This hotel was part of an Intrepid tour I did. I would not recommend it by choice. Claims that the staff have enough English to be helpful are incorrect. I found most of them to be rude, impatient and totally disinterested.Hygiene is clearly not a priority for their cleaning staff. Dirty walls, tiles, showers were so bad I purchased cleaning products to improve the standard in my room.The food in the restaurant downstairs is good but very expensive. Recommend one a few metres down the road who have their menu in English as well and very nice food.The spa downstairs smells very mouldy and make sure you agree on a price before you start as they tried to add time and services to our bill.The claimed 'Business Centre' is a tiny room where you may or may not be able to access the internet on the single computer depending on whether the staff are interested in trying to work out what you want, or not using the computer themselves.Give it a miss.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Twin2005
<Content>Simple Hotel         
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jabroni79
<Content>Decent Hotel The Dong Jiao Min Xiang Hotel is an average hotel. There is nothing special about it. It is close to Tiananmen Square. The rooms and bathrooms are clean. The only problem I had with the hotel is that the beds are extremely hard. The staff is helpful and do speak English. There is a breakfast offered, for a fee, at the cafe in the lobby. It is expensive for China, but you will have a hard time finding breakfast in the surrounding area.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	-1	3	4	-1	

<Author>sandrap7
<Content>Wonderful! EVERYTHING you need right there!       cafe  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vancouver_Roary
<Content>Find another hotel...       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>aniger
<Content>unten hui oben pfui ein Alptraum   showReview(18800822, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐒￠洠銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19164101, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍟忛銇仐   showReview(19156743, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ч€氥倞闀峰畨琛椼伄锛戞湰鍗?..   showReview(19928019, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

