<Author>qprfraggle
<Content>Ups and downs The plus points:Nice, if small, roof terrace pool and jacuzziClean room, perfectly adequately sized (why do you need a huge room if you're going to be out and about on a city break?)The downside:Cheekily billed me in pounds not euros when I asked specifically for pounds. You get a much worse exchange rate when they do this and it's a cheeky way of them charging you more. Was late for airport when the cab they booked for me didn't show in time so didn't argue.Lots of UK stag groups when I stayed. The hotel has predominantly marble floors so sound canons around. I've been on stag groups and we try to stay away from hotels in quieter places where we can't effect others, or if there are others staying they're stag groups too. Not much the hotel can do about this but the groups weren't very pleasant.Room had no external window, only faced internally on to atrium inside. I like my daylight and this compounded the stag group problem.Overall, I'd go again but only on three conditions, (i) I would check what room I'm getting, (ii) that no stag groups are in town and (iii) that I'm billed for the rate I'm quoted.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>mbwOH
<Content>Hotel America Barcelona The hotel was booked because of its proximity to my work location, but it is quite convenient to some lovely shopping. It provides room service for a light dinner and breakfast buffet. The rooms are clean and modern and the staff is helpful. Upon arrival the television did not work for a few days and initially the hairdryer in the room did not work (but the staff corrected the problem that day). Reasonable priced and functional.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Maartenmathijs
<Content>Great hotel in the heart of Barcelona       Swimming pool  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>IHeartUpgrades
<Content>Nice, convenient I stayed at the America for 5 days on a business trip. I booked a superior room with wifi included; unfortunately, the wifi wasn't working when I arrived. But they had it working the next day and for the rest of the stay, and offered to knock of the cost of breakfast for two days to make up for it.I thought the breakfast was very good, very typical for a Mediterranean/European hotel. (Note that breakfast isn't necessarily included in the price.) The room was nicely minimalist, the bathroom was very nice and included a bidet; overall the room was great. Other reviews have complained about noise, but didn't have any problems in that regard. The bed was the firmest bed I think I've ever slept on, but I liked it.A problem I had, which hopefully is not a chronic problem for the hotel, is that a small but noticeable amount of sewer gas was seeping in through the drains in the bathroom. The management was aware of it and was working on how to resolve it. Barcelona had been going through a pretty severe drought, and I suspect that inadequate water flow in the sewers may have accounted for it. As it was, I was able to solve it by simply opening the windows for a few minutes (I do like hotels that allow you to open the windows).Despite that problem, and the one day outage on the wifi, I'd gladly stay at the America again. It's not absolutely top drawer, but it's a good value.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>sanandjezz
<Content>Very Good ,Nice Location Just returned from a 4nt stay at the Hotel America and having previously stayed off the Ramblas area I must say this was a far better experience of Barcelona. The hotel was very clean and the rooms were cleaned everyday to the same excellent standard. Initially we were on the 6th Floor just below the rooftop terrace and the room was excellent for getting to the pool and back however after a couple of days of experiencing drainage smells from the room which the hotel staff did try to rectify with chemical cleaners we were given the option of moving to the 3rd floor which we accepted. The only thing wrong with this from my own personal view was there was a lot more road noise and noise from building works that are going off just over the road from the hotel which appear to commence every morning at 7.30am.I found the breakfasts to be good and experienced none of the problems other reviewers have had, the food was plentiful and the service good.The pool area was clean everyday and there is bar service and food available at poolside if required.The reception was very helpful and always friendly and I would have no hesitation in staying here again.It was a very relaxing stay in a less touristly part of the city where you can easily get to the busier parts if required .  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fiftysomething100
<Content>spotlessly clean and a good location We thoroughly enjoyed our 4 night stay at the America. Staff were welcoming and efficient and the hotel is in a good area of Barcelona ~ safe and only a few minutes walk from the Passage de Gracia. It is very convienient for the metro.We stayed on the 6th floor, so noise from the road was not an issue. The rooms are modern, well equipped and very clean. The beds are hard, as is frequently the case on mainland Europe. There was no lock on the bathroom door and the cleaners ignored the 'do not disturb' sign on the bedroom, which caused my husband a little embarrassment one morning! We loved the roof terrace. As other members have commented, the pool is small ~ a splash pool really, but nice to cool off in after a day sightseeing. There is a shower, changing room and plenty of loungers, tables and settees; whilst we were there the terrace was relatively quiet. I'm an early riser and it was blissful to sit up on the roof with a book and enjoy the early morning sun. The staff were very friendly and accomodating. I took my own coffee up with me (made with travel kettle) and staff did not comment. It was equally good in the evening and we found it a good spot to meet up with friends for a drink before going out. At night it looks attractive with lights and lemon trees in pots, etc.Breakfast was great and we did not have the problems some members seem to have found ~ we had plenty of good hot food, coffee, fresh fruit, etc. The America is a reasonably priced, spotlessly clean hotel in a safe, quiet, area and we thought it was very good value for a hotel in the centre of Barcelona. We would happily recommend it, although after reading other reviews I think we had a very good room and other rooms may not be so comfortable. The only thing which would stop us booking again is that my husband found the bed hard. (I usually end up booking an american chain hotel for him, just for the beds!) If other members are going to Barcelona it is worth taking the hop on / hop off tourist bus ~ great value. We found several nice places to eat but the only one I can remember the name of was 'The Attic' ~ halfway up the Ramblas above the shops with an orange coloured entrance. (Other nights were obviously too good!)  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>Voulez_vou
<Content>Fantastic!!       Hotel room  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>travellingtracy1
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at the America for a week in July and I can't believe some of the negative comments in other reviews! It's almost like they're talking about a different hotel! Yes, some of the staff don't appear on the surface to be the friendliest of people (but are actually very helpful, and the porter was one of the genuinely nicest people I have ever met) and yes it can be a bit noisy at night...(more due to outside noise than inside).....But this is otherwise a great, clean, well located hotel that I wouldn't hestitate going back to. Loved the rooms, well sized and decorated and always cleaned well. Great location in the L'Eixample neighbourhood (one of the higher-end areas of Barcelona with nice cafes and boutiques and no crowds). It's a pleasant 15 min walk to Las Ramblas and the centre of town.Ultimately, if you want a well maintained hotel that is 4* quality in a nice location, choose the America. I have no idea why some of the other reviews are so bafflingly negative????  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>travelwurst
<Content>just not good! Design Hotel? quiet? roof top pool? forget about it! This was our 5th stay in Barcelona and mislead by many of the good reviews we decided to stay at America. What a disappointment! After changing room once we decided to move to a different hotel after the second night. This hotel might seem a good value for the money but it is not. The rooms are very battered, and we had the joy of seeing 2! off them since the first one was absolutely unacceptable. The second room we stayed in was loud and u could here ur neighbours chatter, the maid walking by the room and doing the service in the morning while still a sleep and the traffic in the street. The roof top pool is a joke, and u will not be able to find a space to lay down since there is very limited loungers and deck chairs.Do yourself a favour if u want a hotel check out something else! This is a 3 star hotel with a dodgy pool on the roof nothing else! For a few Euros more u can get much better hotels in Barca. BTW we moved to AC Miraramar.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Lizzy16
<Content>Lovely hotel, shame about the attitude of some staff members We have just returned from my daughters hen party weekend. This hotel was recommended by the travel agent, so the staff knew well in advance thet seventeen females would be staying for two nights.On arrival, we were greated by two lovely members of staff who made us all feel very welcome. They showed us a map of the area and places of interest as we all wanted to see and experience the beautiful culture of Barcelona.Our rooms were clean, modern and comfortable and the amenities fine for a short break holiday.We all decided to relax and chat by the rooftop pool and this is where we were all made to feel like we just were not welcome. Some staff spoke to us very rudely without any obvious reason. On several occasions I was told to be quiet which I found extremely unreasonable as I am 50 years old and have never in my life been made to feel so unwelcome and very embarrassed.Other visitors did comment to us on how rude they thought the staff were towards us and with no obvious reasons as to why.So, if you are thinking of making a group booking, I would advise you to seek elsewhere and this is a real shame because the hotel itself is ideal for those lovely short city breaks.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>Golden-mole
<Content>Trendy hotel We had a short break in Barcelona and wanted a good hotel away from the Ramblas. The Hotel America is an ideal location in that respect. It is not too far from the subway and is within walking distance (well for me, it's about 2km) of the Sagrada Familia . There are a number of Gaudi buildings and the top end of the Ramblas within 500-600m. The Parc Guell is about 3km. The room was a good size with furnishings that are quite chic. The hotel has a small roof top pool and a small gym and sauna.There is a good Tapas bar just around the corner that is a fraction of the price of those on the Ramblas.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>MichealaEdin
<Content>Good hotel My teenage daughter and I stayed at the America in February for a long weekend. I'd read reviews before booking and, while the breakfast wasn't worth the money, we really enjoyed our stay so would side with the good reviews rather than the bad. The hotel was very clean, looked trendy enough for a teenage daughter, staff were very helpful and just friendly enough, the free internet was a boon and the rooftop area was lovely (although February wasn't the time to get the best from it). The situation of the hotel was great for sightseeing and we always felt safe in that area. Could walk to Ramblas etc, was cheap to get a taxi to and from Nou Camp (which is a great visit, even if you're not a fan). The pickpockets were out in force in the old town but they didn't approach us, i think because we made sure we had a tight grip of our bags (which were slung across our bodies) - much easier pickings elsewhere i suspect. You could see the same suspects moving from one tourist area to another - loitering and watching for unattended bags outside cafe's etc. Would recommend the bar/cafe across the street for a cheap meal - we ate late, like the locals, and the atmosphere was far better than in the more expensive restaurants...and watched Barca win on the TV! You could hear noise from the street from our room but it was just folk going about their business, more a bustle of activity than intimidating and troublesome like it might be in the UK. Just added to the atmosphere more than anything. Did have a slight problem with hearing folk in the next bathroom via the vents - we just whistled when in the loo and it was Ok really! I'd go back there but would probably look for a bigger, more luxurious, hotel if the stay was going to be longer than a weekend. Be aware of the added tax on bills for hotels and food which may affect your budget.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>FridaPhiladelphia
<Content>The Pool is Disgusting I was very disappointed in the Hotel America. The rooftop pool looks like it hasn't been cleaned or filtered in ages. The water was full of floating slime and organisms. Absolutely disgusting. Additionally, the hotel stuck me in a windowless room and tried to charge me extra because my husband was with me; apparently the reservation was only for one person. The last straw was when the staff asked me to not drink my own bottle of water by the pool. They wanted me to instead order water through room service, which I refused. If you like being looked down upon, this is the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>worldtraveler08too
<Content>Very sufficient with great location I stayed at this hotel for a weekend with two of my friends. I liked the location as it is in close proximity to the Ramblas and two blocks away from Casa Mila. It is also around the corner of the Palacio Flamenco where we booked dinner and the show. The rooms were spotless with a full bar, three robes and enough towels. Beds were comfortable and sheets clean and fine and when window's closed, no noise coming from outside. Internet access and bar available anytime and breakfast was great! Staff weren't overly friendly but they were helpful when needed. I didn't find Catalonians being too friendly in general. They are quite reserved. The terrace has a pool and lounge chairs/sofas that is great for relaxing! Overall rating for this hotel with great value, I give it between 4 and 5 stars! I would stay there again and recommend it to others.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>racoulter200752
<Content>A pity about breakfast My husband and I stayed twice in this hotel 6 years ago, before it was given a make-over. When I arrived last Friday afternoon, the reception staff were friendly and efficient. No problems them.On the Saturday morning I went down to breakfast at 10.30a.m. as breakfast was being served until 11a.m. When I opened up the chafing dishes there was not enough scrambled egg to cover a piece of toast, a few slices of bacon and eight coctail sausages. Although there was a good choice of cold meats, cereals etc. I decided to have a piece of toast and some coffee.I was asked what I would like to drink and I said coffee. That was the last time I was offered anything by the waiters. I asked for a second cup of coffee about 10minutes later, not having been offered a refill. My husband joined me at 10.55am and had the time pointed out to them as they would be stopping service at 11a.m. No pronlem as he had taken what food he wanted. At 11.05a.m. we asked for more coffee as the food was being taken away but we were told there was no more coffee.It took a trip to reception to persuade the waiter to give us more. The previous weekend we has stayed at the 5star PGA golf hotel in Girona. What a difference. The service there at breakfast had been impeccable. The staff went out of their way to refill cups and ignored the closing time.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	4	2	2	

<Author>djeejn
<Content>Ok, nice The hotel was clean and modern, breakfast was very good, fresh juices, hot and cold breakfast.We first got room 201, just make sure you don't get this room! It was incredibely noisy, because it is just in front of the two big roads and has large non-isolated windows. We asked for another room after a night of non-sleeping and we got room 209 which was very calm and not noisy at all. It's true that the rooms are a bit noisy, but hey, you're in a hotel in the middle of a big city... If you can, ask a a room at the back of the hotel, no noise from the outside and less neighbouring rooms...Rooms are not very big, but again... it's a hotel in a big city.Service was ok, we got free bottles of water the day we left.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>julcull
<Content>Loved it One of our favourite hotels love it. Small trendy , clean great staff and safe area. A few nice local bars. We will re-visit and have recommended it to others who have loved it. Our son is currently there for his 21st staff took upa bottle of champagne shortly after he arrived , a real nice touch.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SMT1
<Content>Great value modern hotel We have just returned from a short 5-day stay at the Hotel America, which lived up to its reputation for being modern with great service and facilities. It is in a quieter location though there is still some traffic noise which is slightly invasive.The rooms are clean and well maintained, and the service from the staff was excellent. Free internet access was appreciated and the reception staff even helped to book tables for us at our restaurants of choice!For a four star hotel near the centre of barcelona this is a great place to stay and is fabulous value. Try and book a higher level room to avoid the noise from the streets!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BaileyLondon
<Content>Not suitable for Business - disappointing The rooms were clean and good sized but in need of a freshen up, starting to look tired. Breakfast okay but no fresh orange juice and eggs had been out for at least an hour.A lot of noise from other rooms, both above people walking on floor and the next door bathroom - every sneeze and cough.Wirless internet was not working.Could not recommend for a business stay as there are better hotels at similar price in the area.Some of the staff were charming but one french guy on reception was clearly not interested in service and tried to ignore any questions.Overall I would not recommend or stay again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	2	1	

<Author>enricoo
<Content>excellent hotel I booked this hotel for a few days ,on the internet and got a very good price. Shop around for the best price ...we found massive variations.The reviews on this site were accurate as far as i was concerned .It is a good value for money hotel in a very good area of barcalona . We felt safe day and night in this area. You need to look at a map of the city to see where it situated.It took us about 20 minutes to walk to the Ramblas .we tend to walk everywhere but Metro stations are very near by to the Hotel.The rooms are of a good size and we had uprated room on the front which was excellent ...no problems with noise.The breakfast was good quality...staff were pleasant ...nice small restaurent area .The area on the roof with the pool and seating area is a useful bonus weather permitting .Overall I enjoyed my stay at this hotel ...good staff, felt safe , good quality ,modern ,clean ...just what we needed for a city Break ..and would go back..In the area across the road there are a number of cafes/restaurents of all price ranges ...we used the Ramplax during theday ,used by all the locals and very good value .Friendly with a good atmosphere.There are numerous excellent eating places in this area .  
<Date>Nov 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>liflaf
<Content>Noisy week to go our visit coincided with a European Champions League football match being Rangers hosted by Barca. That was coincidental  hopefully should have been of no consequence to this review. The motto of the hotel is Simply Different. When we checked in we expressed an interest in this fixture  were told that tickets could be provided....the ones which were available were 250 euros each (face value 70)..simply different. The hotel was central and fairly noisey but what we didn't bargain for was that a travelling group of football fans stayed for 3 nights in increasingly poor behaviour which badly affected our sleep. When raised with reception they apologised but in short said that these people were loco and there was nothing they could effectively do. This isn't a cheap place  I expected a lot better. The room was clean but pokey. There was no inclusive breakfast. The pool on the roof terrace was miniscule.All that said the staff were pleasant  courteous.Okay a bit gripey and I suppose having just returned after a dose of food poisoning (a menu del dia paella) has soured my view somewhat. Give me the citta eterna any day.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Travlil
<Content>Nice Hotel I had to go to Barcelona for business and had a tight budget due to the Euro being so high. I booked this hotel based on the reviews and was not disappointed. The service was good, the hotel rooms were spotless and everything seem fairly new. The downside was that I had a room near the elevator and I heard everything inside the hotel. The way the interior was set up; noise just bounces off the walls. The location wasn't too bad. It was not too far from the main areas such as Passage de Gracias; it was only a 5 - 10 minute walk; and probably about a 20 minute walk to the Ramblas.One night I was extremely tired and decided to just ask the hotel for a dinner recommendation (I usually never do this) and I regretted it. The front desk recommended Trobadero and the food just was not that good. I also don't recommend eating at the little Meditteranean bar next to the hotel. It's much better to go to the Boqueria during the day for lunch and go to Barceloneta for dinner.If would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>iamgreyhead
<Content>Fab hotel Stayed here for 5 nights. Loved the hotel, and the location is great. Quiet area of Barcelona, with close access to metro, and Diagonal. Roof top pool is small, but it's a great place to lounge on a sunny afternoon. Rooms were spotless, and spacious, although TV remote was broken.Free internet access in lobby is useful, staff really friendly and helpful. Fab idea is the free use of the hotel car for 4 hours if you need - could be good for sightseeing/getting out of city, if you're brave enough to drive in the city!Only problem was that when paying, they converted the bill to 拢GBP using their own (very poor) rate, without asking (I would have paid in Euros and tken the bank rate any day)Would highly recommend, and would look to stay here agaion on my next trip to the city  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monkey75
<Content>Fantastic, modern, friendly hotel My husband and I stayed at the Hotel America for 3 days in January 2007. This hotel is a little walk away from the Ramblas but worth it for its peaceful location. Very modern and the rooms very comfy and clean. Breakfast great, staff all very friendly. Can't fault anything. Very enjoyable stay. Would definitely recommend this hotel for romantic weekends away.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pats_mcc
<Content>A great hotel with a roof terrace! This hotel was a really pleasant surprise. We really enjoyed our four night stay at Hotel America. It's a really good value, very modern hotel in a peaceful neighborhood. The neighborhood is walking distance to Las Ramblas but a lot more upmarket. There's plenty of cafe's and shopping nearby and it's very close to a metro stop. (Diagonal, I think)The Hotel is boutique size (7 floors) with modern furniture and wood flooring in the rooms. We shared a twin room and there was room for two suitcases, an armchair and coffee table and still plenty of space to walk around. The bathroom was large including a full-size tub. The breakfast buffet is good also - fruit, cereal, pastries, sausage,eggs etcThe roof terrace is a bonus for a hotel at this price range - pool, sun lounges and day beds and they deliver room service to the terrace. We really enjoyed having somewhere to relax after walking around all day. I would definitely stay here again. I wouldn't recommend this hotel for people who won't/can't walk very far as it is 10 mins on the hoof to Las Ramblas, but if you're not fussed on the tourist tat down there then try this hotel. This is a real treat if you're on a budget.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Sazzel7
<Content>Excellent Hotel - cannot fault it! I stayed in Hotel America for a week with my Partner and we absolutely loved it - probably the best hotel we have ever stayed in!The rooms were comfortable and very clean and the hotel was modern and clean throughout. The staff were all very friendly and helpful and nothing was too much bother at all.The roof top terrace was excellent a great place to relax after a days sightseeing! The breakfasts were excellent as well there was so much to choose from and everything was fresh and plentiful.The hotel also sell some gifts in the reception area which we found were a very reasonable price compared to the gift shops we went to.There are lots of nice places nearby to eat but I would definitely recommend a place called The Attic on Las Ramblas and also the Fairy Forest themed pub next to the wax museum.We booked our stay through Octopus Travel and got a very good rate which included breakfast.Already saving up for our trip back to Hotel America!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>MelanieBelfast
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Just came back from a 4 night stay at the hotel america. The rooms were clean and spacious enough even though there was 3 adults in the room. I don't understand how people said it was noisey as we never heard a thing. The breakfast was spot on enough for us all fresh fruit salad ,croissants, cereals, cold meats ,bacon  scrambled eggs etc . The staff were very helpful  couldn't do enough for you really. And what about the rooftop pool area. It was fantastic a lovely place to chill out in the morning time after breakfast before doing the siteseeing. I would have no problem recommending this hotel to anyone. We booked this hotel through greatlatedeals.co.uk  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>djmsooty
<Content>Well Done Hotel America, a Little Gem!       Terrace Seating  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>king_of_muffins
<Content>sensible choice I first went to Barcelona with my girlfriend in 2004 and we fell in love with this beautiful city. So winning a work competition to visit again in 2006 with my colleagues was a real bonus.This hotel was ideal, away from the main hustle and bustle, but well located near to some major Guadi attractions and the diagonal metro station- that linked you to all parts of this stunning city.My single room was internal, but had a comfortable double bed and didn't leave you wanting for any other comfort. The breakfast was phenomenal, with every type of item imaginable in a buffet style, and the roof top terrace, with sun loungers, lime trees and a pool, was ideal for relaxing. There was even a gym in the basement- although this was a little haphazard in set-up.Although I have little clue as to the cost of staying here, as it was on the company- I can confirm that it was an incredibly comfortable stay and the location was great.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Jan185
<Content>Great location, great little hotel Our family enjoyed our stay at Hotel America. The location was near the Gaudi sights on a quiet street in a lovely section of Barcelona. For other sights, a three block walk brought you to a subway which could connect you to all parts of town. In the area around the hotel, there were many cafes available for lunches or dinner. The modern decor of the hotel lifted one's spirits. We enjoyed the roof top pool after a day of sightseeing in the Barcelona sun. The staff was also very friendly and accommodating. We were happy to have stayed at the Hotel America. I would recommend this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Miss_P_Glasgow
<Content>Loved Hotel America Just returned from a week in Barcelona staying at the hotel America.Loved the hotel especially the rooftop pool and terrace. Great place to chill after being out and about with the option to order food and drink to the terrace. The hotel was clean with modern decor. More of a boutique style hotel. The staff were nice, friendly and very helpful. The room was clean and comfortable with a free room safe which was a welcome find. The hotel had a small bar next to the reception which had a computer with free internet access. There was also a small gym(which provided water) and a sauna.Breakfast was great and although there was no restaurant this did not affect us as we were happy to eat out at the many restaurants within walking distance. Found some lovely seafood restaurants down at Port Olympic( a taxi ride away) which were extremely popular. Passage De Gracia was a 5 min walk away and it was about 15 min walk to the top of Ramblas.There was a subway one block from the hotel which was great if the feet needed a rest. An added bonus was the hotel's Smart car which you could have, for free, for 4 hours. We managed to borrow it hassle free and headed to a shopping outlet.The only cons were, the room had no drawers at all,there was no iron( ironing service available at a price), the air con occasionally became noisy which if you were a light sleeper was at times very annoying (you became too hot when it was switched off) and there was a bit of noise from the other guests returning at night. There were repairs to the roof terrace being carried out for 3 days, after we left, resulting in the pool area being closed. Thankfully this did not affect us as this was our haven for the duration of the holiday. The thing I noticed about Barcelona were the constant warnings about pick pockets, when you were sitting at restaurants and going into bars. Thankfully we had no encounters.All in all I would definitely return to hotel America and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Longdrive
<Content>Great Little Hotel       Comfortable modern room  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CANDYMUM3
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed in the Hotel America in March 07 and had a nice time. We did find it a bit out of the way especially after a long day sightseeing. Very noisy at night and couldn't sleep with windows open. We were serenaded at 5.15am by buskers outside and this went on for an hour, and was repeated again the next morning!! Breakfast was lovely and staff helpful.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>IrelandDolly
<Content>fabulous hotel i stayed at this hotel for the week of my 21st birthday. i was immediately impressed as i recieved a bottle of champagne for my birthday. i found the hotel very clean an spacious with an exceptional breakfast buffet. i absolutely loved the roof top pool and decking. the hotel is in a good location however i found the walkto les rambles a bit far to be walking day after day! i also found the staff at reception a bit rude occasionaly! overall though i wouldnot hesitate to reccommend this hotel to friends or family.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>dragon999Cardiff
<Content>a great little hotel a great location - a five/ ten minute walk away from the busy ramblas area-perhaps more suited to people who have been to barcalona before and are more confident about exploring on their own. Rooms and facilities are more business - like than plush- but everything you need provided . Staff very friendly and attentive-i sprained my foot on the third day and could not walk -without me even asking they went away and found and gave me some crutches!! No restaurant but this gives you every reason to explore excellent restaurants literally on your doorstep for evening meals - pulpo and provenza are opposite and provide great food at great prices. Breakfasts can also be found cheaply minutes away eating with spanish locals  One of the main reasons I booked was the roof garden whick has a very small pool and sunbathing areas - this came in very handy when I could not move for a day - I sat on the extensive decking under sun umbrellas and had food and drinks delivered throughout the day by willing and friendly staff - I will definately being going back to this hotel again  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamesBelgium
<Content>good hotel The hotel is good. I'm staying there right now.Breakfast is more than ok. Interior is nice. But I expect that for the price I pay. It is a bit expensive for such a hotel. 172 euro per night for a superior room of 1 person...There is wireless internet coverage in the hotel. You have to pay for that, but don't do that. Just go near the window in your room and try to get on one of the non-secured networks. There are several! ;-)  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>goldengirlsDumfries
<Content>We all loved this fantastic little hotel Have just spent 4 nights at this splendid hotel with 5 other female friends. 1st April to 5th April. The Hotel America is very friendly, very clean and the breakfasts are superb. It is a pleasant 10/15 minute walk from the hotel to Las Ramblas. It is situated in a very nice and quiet area where there are lots of nice shops. The restaurants round about are many and varied so you will never be stuck for somewhere to eat. The rooftop swimming pool and sun terraceare lovely but unfortunately we didn't get a chance to use them because it rained for our entire stay!! Instead we got to use the bar area!!. However this gives us a good excuse to return and it will certainly be to the Hotel America!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redhand
<Content>More an Inn than a Hotel At 106 UK Pounds per night and based on previous Tripadvisor reviews, we felt that we had chosen a quality accommodation option by booking America Hotel for our first visit to Barcelona. Sadly, the hotel came up very far short of our expectations. For a start, the location is not ideal, being situated on a side street in an area well north of the city centre. The hotel has one very small lounge room on the ground floor with a few chairs. This sole public room also contains a bar and the check in desk. On the first floor there is a small breakfast room but no restaurant. Did no previous reviewer think of pointing this out?? The bedrooms are very clean and minimally furnished. The beds are rock hard. The TV has 8 Spanish channels and about 8 other foreign channels, including CNN, which are blurred and grained with very poor reception. The bedroom windows leaked rain water unto the floor - we did get a room change but the second room had the same problem. The maid left a towel beneath the window for the duration of our stay. This is an Inn type property and not at all a full service hotel. We were left to ponder how, with such limited services, it ever managed to be classified as 4 star and how on earth it ever reached 16 th place on the Tripadvisor popularity ratings. We would not return, even at half the price.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	2	5	2	2	-1	

<Author>DundeeHappyCampers
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Just returned from the Hotel America after 3 night stay to celebrate my husband's 40th birthday. Had mentioned when booking our break that it was booked as a surprise for him and when we arrived we were told that we had been allocated a superior room for his birthday. Hotel is very modern and very clean. We were absolutely delighted with our room, DVD player, CD Player, Jacuzzi bath, bottle of Cava. Staff are extremely friendly and very helpful with maps etc. Breakfast was included and was ample, lovely fresh fruit and rolls. This hotel was recommended to us and we would have no qualms about recommending it to anyone who is looking for a clean, modern and extremely friendly hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rendan
<Content>Excellent birthday suprise       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Megsy
<Content>Great Breakfast Great ambience. Excellent staff who were all very helpful. Use of Smart car for 4 hours during the stay to tour the city, which was unique and unexpected! Breakfast was excllent, with great selection and something for everyone. Modern interior. My only comment would be that the air conditioning was turned off for Winter and the rooms were very hot - too noisy to sleep with the window open. Excellent location - 5 minute walk to La perdrera and the tourist bus stops. 2 minute walk to nearest Metro.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swans40
<Content>Clean and modern Hotel is clean and modern. Great location away from the noise of the centre. I stayed here for two nights with my husband and our son. We arrived just after 12am on the first night and was disapointed that we were unable to get room service even though their leaflet in the room stated it was available 12am-11pm. As we were peckish we decided to have some crisps and peanuts from the mini bar in our room but to our horror they were all out of date. The receptionist apologised in the morning, however when we arrived back later that day the out of date food was still there.We has prepaid for breakfast which was slightly disappointing. On holiday we tend to go for a cooked breakfast as a treat but there was only scrambled egg, bacon  sausage. The cereals, yogurts and fruit were nice anyway.We wouldn't go back here again as we prefer more bigger and lively hotels. The staff were all nice and polite.We booked this hotel through (--) which I would recommend. We went with them last year to Tenerife and I cannot fault them.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>georgeNorthOfEngland
<Content>A great stay We were really delighted with the hotel - it is in a great location , close to the Rambla and Passeig de Gracia with lots of bars and restaurants close by.It was spotlessly clean , the staff very friendly, breakfast excellent. The roof terrace and pool were lovely.Our only concern was that our room was very warm but the airconditioning was switched off because it was on a winter setting so could only be heated. However it was good to be able to open the window and although there was traffic noise it didn't bother us ( we live in the country where there is no noise usually!)We were a bit apprehensive that other people had mentioned that the hotel was noisy and they could hear other guests but we did not find it to be a problem any more than any other hotel.We would definitely stay there again and would recommend it to our friends  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kitkat09
<Content>Hotel American - Great Find in Barcelona I brought a large group of 44 Americans to stay at the Hotel America in 01/07. Was a little leery after reading some of the reviews on TripAdvisor, especially relating to the noise. I found the hotel to be very nice and not particularly noisy. I would recommend a room away from the very modern, glass elevator that seemed to be always clanking and banging outside our particular room. The rooms themselves are very modern, well appointed and have everything you could need. The big draw for my group was the breakfast, which was included. It's not a huge buffet, mostly cold items, but everything was wonderfully good, including, FRESH squeezed OJ, incredible chocolate croissants and chocolate bars!! The location was also very good, with a metro stop 1 block away  2 Gaudi houses 4 blocks away. Excellent restaurants right around the corner. Just ask the front desk-they give the best recommendations. I would most definitely stay here again.PS The management was so nice that they prepared us bag lunches when our flight left at 7 am!!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TTK
<Content>Nice funky hotel Stayed at the hotel for 2 nights whilst we went sale shopping. We had a standard room, which was a reasonable size and very tastefully decorated (minimalistic with darkish wood floors and furniture) with one blue wall, which with the mirros on the opposite wall looked like the sky (well kind of)! The bathroom was a good size and it made a change to have one with outside light. We had requested a quiet non smoking room, which we got - the room was at the back of the building so no street noise. To be honest the only noise we heard (having read some of the other reviews) was that of other guests slamming doors/talking loudly -although didn't hear them at night/early morning and not really a problem and no different from any other hotel.We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. In the bar area you can get free access to the internet and there is a selection of guide/art books you can browse through. The hotel also stocks a selection of magazines which you can borrow.We did not eat breakfast at the hotel as we felt at E14.75 it was a bit steep (unless you can eat a big breakfast). Instead we went to one of the many cafes in the area. The hotel is in a good area and about 5 mins walk to the Passeig de Gracia and 15 mins walk to Placa Catalunya. There are loads of restaurants and bars near the hotel so it is very easy to stay local after a day of shopping/sightseeing etc.Whilst we did not use it (being Jan) the hotel has a great roof terrace/pool and looked a great chill out place, especially on a summers evening with a glass of cava catching the late sun!The hotel has a very small gym and sauna in the basement. We did use the sauna, which was fine.We would definately go back to this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>lulujack
<Content>nothing fancy, but very adequate         
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>EmptyNesterAtlanta
<Content>Really liked it. This was my first trip to Barcelona, and I had no idea what to expect. I was extremely pleased. The hotel was clean, which is an absolute must for me. The staff was very helpful. (Perhaps it helps that I can speak Spanish). My husband and I were not disappointed. We were pleased by the location because it was so near to Las Ramblas, but far enough that we did not have to deal with city noise.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>xpcdoojk
<Content>Hotel America, a nice hotel in a good location We stayed for 3 nights in the Hotel America in late December. The rooms are very modern and very nice. I really liked the location and the hotel. It is located about 3 blocks from the main area of interest. It is an excellent location to base a stay to explore the most interesting parts of the city. We were able to walk all over the Las Ramblas neighborhoods and the Gothic district. We even walked to the Sacred Familia Cathedral in no more than 15 minutes one morning. The breakfast is more than adequate although they do run out of things if you wait too long to go to breakfast. The negatives for us were that the street noise is pretty loud in the room. We were on the 5th floor and it was difficult to sleep. This is complicated by the fact that the air conditioning is not on while they are in heating mode and they keep the hotel halls very warm at least on our floor. This meant in order to sleep we had to open the windows to cool the room, which meant that the noise became much worse. Our methodology evolved to where we opened the windows in the evening to get the room cold and then closed them to go to bed. The other problem was that the beds didn't have a top sheet but a very nice down comforter. This means that you are either under the comforter or exposed, this is hard for me to regulate my sleeping comfort temperature. This set up though is very typical in Spain, and it is hard to fault the Hotel America for this. Just be aware.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>admin40
<Content>excellent hotel This hotel is excellent. My husband and I stayed for 2 nights at the end of November. The weather was fantastic. The roof area must be brilliant in the summer. The breakfast at the hotel was great, loved the littled extra like chocolate that you could help yourself too. We had the yellow room directly above the reception but no noise from here although there was a young child in room next door who cried during the night and could be heard but apart from that, the hotel is ideal and would definitely recommend. The hotel ordered taxi to take us back to bus station but you are charged for them to pick you up. The return cost was 10 euros when it was only 7 to drop us off. To walk to Las Ramblas was about 15 -20 minutes, getting there was a nice walk but late at night got a taxi which cost a couple of euros.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tennismom1
<Content>Loved it! We stayed at the America Hotel before our cruise. It was much better than I anticipated. It is a small, boutique type hotel that is immaculate. The rooms were average size for a European hotel, with a nice decor.The breakfast that came with my package was one of the best that I have had in Europe. Not only croissants and coffee, but eggs and ham or bacon, cereal, fruit, etc.Enjoyed the staff. They were very patient with all of my questions. Very pleasant. They have a computer in the lobby that is free, so you can check your emails. Very nice. Wasn't ever a wait.My husband will tell you that I am very picky when it comes to hotels. I have to say that I thoroughly enjoyed our stay here, and would return.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>blackeyes
<Content>No problems at all! Just back from the Hotel America, Barcelona. Took a little time to actually find the hotel but when we did we were met with a friendly and efficient check in. Had a great room on the 6th floor- all our requirements were met - we had requested direct with the hotel that we had a room on the top floor, non smoking, away from the elevator and a bath and shower - oh and a king size bed.Slight road noise at night but that is the only negative. Fabulous breakfast spread - including chocolate - a first I must say - and delicious too. The breakfast room is lovely and bright and again great serving staff. Also found a fantastic restaurant around the corner - called Lagrantasca I think. Ate there 3 times in 4 days - greedy or what. Staff again were great and food and ambience very nice.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rikkelly
<Content>The worst stay in a hotel...ever. No, really. This is my first ever review on Tripadvisor, a website I have been using for the last couple of years as a source of useful information for booking hotels around the world.Very selfishly I have not before posted as the really great hotels I have stayed in have remained my secret and I have not had a really bad experience warranting a bad review.This one was, however, an absolute howler and I feel compelled to give my fellow travellers a 'heads up'.Having booked two standard rooms for one Saturday night we arrived in Barcelona and turned up at the hotel at 11.30. The rooms were not ready (they were not meant to be). No problem, we thought we麓d go for a walk and a spot of lunch.When we returned we were given our room keys. I had made a very strong and explicit request for no smoking rooms. Both of our parties were non smoking and the smell of smoke triggers my asthma. As soon as the door to our room opened a haze of smoke emerged. It was as if the previous occupant had left only 10 minutes before and had left a cigarette burning in an ashtray.We returned to reception to be met by a frosty and frankly ambivolent attitude. We were given two wholly unacceptable options, keep the room and lump it or move to a single room (they call it a double for single occupancy, but the description bends any common sense view of those words.Having viewed the aforesaid broom cupboard we returned to reception and expressed our displeasure. We were told the hotel was full and so there was nothing that could be done. If we were not happy we should leave. Had we not been with friends who were already mid afternoon siesta that is exactly what we would have done.We had no option but to take the small room. To explain how small this room is you should picture struggling to get two small bags in, having to pass the end of the bed sideways and having to put the bags on the bed to open the cupboard. Its only saving grave was a modestly sized and quite well appointed bathroom. The room in question is the same on each floor of the hotel and always ends in the number 10; so we stayed in room 110. The room is wedged in an inner corner of the hotel and has no natural light. Also, because the room is so small our heads were about 1 metre from the marble floored corridor and about a foot from the maids cupboard. This resulted in one of the noisiest stays in a hotel room I have had the misfortune of suffering. I am a very heavy sleeper and I found it intollerable.I have stayed in many hotels in Barcelona some luxurious, some budget and this is without question, by a country mile, the worst stay I have had. In fact, it may be the worst stay I have had worldwide.The hotel as a whole is small, modern and trendy and I can see why many people recommend it. My experience was, however, disastrous.Hotels distinguish themselves in how they react when things go wrong rather than how they react when everything goes according to plan....  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Kjartan
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We can only praise the hotel and agree it is a wonderful place to stay. Four of us went last weekend and had a great time. The hotel is immaculate, staff very friendly and they even upgraded my parents to a superior room as it was my dad's 60 birthday present. The rooms are fantastic and my husband and I stayed in a standard room which was also very spacious with a great bathroom. The superior room had a jacuzzi bath and DVD and CD player extra and a much bigger bed. The breakfast was wonderful with so much choice and Barcelona is a great city. We all had fantastic tapas in the Taverna Mediteranian located next door to the America Hotel and the food and drink was very reasonable and also fantastic service.The roof top area of the hotel is wonderful and views good over the city and a great place to relax after a busy day sightseeing.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zims65
<Content>Good Friendly Service Whilst I take on-board comments about noise other reviewers have made, we didn't have a problem. Traffic noise was negligible. I can imagine there may be noise from other rooms or the hallway dependent on how many noisy night owls are staying there at the time!We were in a standard room and the its standard was high. Service was excellent. Swimming Pool / Jacuzzi and Sauna were all good. Gym was basic, but we mainly went for runs down to the Placa De Cataluya and back via the Sagrada Familia to keep fit.The breakfast was excellent. The dining area also has leather seating where you could relax with a drink whilst perusing the hotel's books on Barcelona prior to a heavy sightseeing session. Its the only hotel I've been too where chocolate is supplied to start the day!May I also thoroughly endorse the recommendation made by other reviewers for the closest restaurant - the Provenca. The food was superb and very good value. The service was second to none with complimentary glasses of Cava and nibbles when we arrived. We also could recommend the Tapas called Cata 181 (Calle Valencia 181) and the Thai Lounge Calle Valencia 205) both of which are in easy walking distance.So overall I would recommend this hotel, but possibly take your ear plugs in high season!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>my2emeralds
<Content>Not a bad choice Hotel America is not a bad choice if you're planning a trip to Barcelona. The staff was nice, especially the overnight receptionist. The pool are is nice also, though the hot tub is not very hot at all. We were there in September and the water was way too cold. The location is pretty good. You can't really walk to Las Ramblas, but the subway is easy to figure out. We got a rate of 100 euros per night on Expedia, and you definitely can't beat that! DVD players are available to rent for 10 euro a night. That was great b/c I found myself dying to hear some english and the only english channel is CNN. I definitely liked this hotel much better than our second hotel. We THOUGHT we wanted to be closer to Las Ramblas, so we switched to the H10 Catalunya for our last 3 nights there. BIG MISTAKE! The closer you get to the tourist area, the hotels get more expensive, hotel rooms get smaller, and restaurants get more expensive.I'd definitely recommend Hotel America!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>kiddo74
<Content>If you want to sleep, don't stay here!! I changed my reservation from another hotel to Hotel America because of the good reviews in here. They have nice features like free internet access, nice pool, dvds to rent and a stereo in the room (we stayed in a superior). But I still have to say I was very disappointed and would never return.We, my husband and I, arrived here after two great nights at Barcelona Princess close to the beach. We wanted to be in the city center to do some shopping, which is why we chose America. The hotel is not far from Passeig the Gracia, and you can catch the railway a few blocks away.We were greated ok, and firstly given a room on the 2. floor. The window would not close properly and the traffic outside can be quite noisy at times. We got a new room on the 6. floor and were happy about that. The problem was the paperthin walls, the banging doors and the marble floor in the hallway...which we more than got our share of with a group of loud, noisy and drunk people next door. We were waken with a shock, tried to knock on the wall to silence them, which only resulted in one of them knocking on our door.I realise we were very unlucky, but I treasure some privacy when I pay this much for a nice hotel, and the way the interior is designed, this is really not possible at the America. We also woke up the next morning with aching backs from the quite hard mattrass and found no reasons to stay the second night as booked. We found a hotel nearby and got a better deal for the last night. America is absolutely overrated, both in reviews and costs!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Aerosmithfan
<Content>Fantastic roof pool and terrace Five of us stayed here (in fact we麓re still here, writing the review from the hotel, on their free internet access!), for a long weekend. We love this place. The staff are very friendly and helpful, and speak good English. The breakfast bar has everything you could possibly fancy at that time of day (apart from the one member of our party who expressed a hankering for Owen Wilson).The rooftop terrace and swimming pool are wonderful after a long day walking around. There is also a jacuzzi, and the friendly staff will bring you drinks and snacks, very reasonably priced. Very nice to sit and have a drink in the evening before going out, as well. La Pedrera is within easy walking distance. The Ramblas and Barri Gotic are a little further away, but the Metro system is very easy to master, even if you don麓t speak any Spanish.We recommend the Salamanca restaurant, down by the marina on Carrer de Salamanca. We paid 40 euros per head, but well worth it.Thoroughly recommended by all 5 of us.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mls91
<Content>A wondeful treat Like others, I booked this hotel after reading Tripadvisor reviews. My husband, son and I had no complaints. The location was great, staff was friendly, accomodating, and informative. Breakfast served until 10:30 weekdays and 11 on weekends was fresh, well-presented, and plentiful. Decor was modern, rooms were clean, bathrooms a good size. The rooftop deck was the crowning touch. After a busy, hot August day of sightseeing, retiring to the lovely rooftop deck for sunset was fabulous. Others agreed and we met other hotel guests, all of whom were very pleased to be there. Can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hb40
<Content>Excellent hotel, Better than expected I booked this hotel after reading the excellent reviews on trip advisor and we were not disappointed.When we arrived it had been noted that it was a surprise for my husband's 40th birthday and the staff were very friendly and helpful at reception.Breakfast was excellent and the staff very efficient. Our room was made into a triple to accomodate our 11 year old daughter and was always well stocked with toiletries, towels and very clean and quiet - just as well breakfast was served until 10.30am ! as we were able to have a well deserved lie in !We all enjoyed the roof top terrace with the pool and jacuzzi, especially on my husband's birthday when the hotel served us a bottle of complementary Cava and a lovely card from the staff.We had friends staying in a well known 5 star hotel at the port and we can honestly say after visiting their hotel, that Hotel America was much better with friendlier staff and glad that we had stayed there instead, especially as my husband is a Hotel Manager and has high expectations that were definitely met at Hotel America.We enjoyed our stay very much and look forward to returning again and would not hesitate in recommending this hotel to fellow travellers. Enjoy !  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blooming
<Content>Fantastic pool area! I stayed at the America Hotel with 3 girl friends for 4 nights 29 June to 3 July 2006. We LOVED the pool area and spent a lot of time making use of the fantastic bed-like loungers and the refreshment service (just pick up the phone and order - It was my 30th when we were away and the hotel kindly gave us a free bottle of cava by the pool!). We stayed at this hotel partly due to the other good tripadvisor reviews and we were not disappointed. We had breakfast included in our price, so can't comment on whether it was expensive. Hotel was in a great location and felt a very safe area for girls walking home at night.If we had any niggles it was that one of the rooms smelt a bit smoky, which we think was connected to the air con. The other room was fine though and both were clean. All four of us said we would definitely stay here again if we came back to Barcelona - which we will as we all loved the city.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Helen004
<Content>Happy with our stay at the America Stayed at the America at the end of June for 5 nights. Very pleased with our stay although had been a bit worried it might be noisy as some other reviewers had commented. Our stay wasn't marred by undue noise but can see that if a rowdy crowd were in then the noise would certainly travel due to the layout of the hotel.Room very nice (floor to ceiling window) and kept very clean. Hotel staff always pleasant and helpful. Pool and jacuzzui great after a day sightseeing and open til 8pm.Breakfast expensive so ate out at the Apeadoro at the end of the road.Lovely evening meal at La Provenca across the road.TIP: When paying the bill opt to pay in your own currency or the Spanish bank slap on a 2% surcharge.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KateChicago_Illinois
<Content>Wonderful! We stayed at the Hotel America from May 28 to June 4 and loved it. It was conveniently located - within walking distance to Las Ramblas, La Sagrada Familia, and La Pedrera, and close to the train which can take you anywhere else you want to go. This was our first trip to Barcelona and my husband and I loved it. Barcelona is now our favorite city in the world - we had such a great vacation. I looked at trip advisor before we left and chose Hotel America based on the great reviews it got and we were not disappointed. We found the room to be very clean, and the staff were friendly and helpful, especially Juan at the desk. I have traveled a great deal and am pretty spoiled when it comes to hotels but Hotel America lived up to all of my expectations. I wouldn't hesitate to stay in this hotel again on my future trips to Barcelona. If you are looking for a clean, safe, convenient, comfortable, friendly place to stay, stay at the Hotel America.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cristinel
<Content>nice but noisy A modern hotel, nice staff, not exactly centric, but near the subway station, so no problems there. Rooms and bathrooms are trendy tasteful modern and clean but smallish - paper thin walls, you can hear every TV, conversation and most annoyingly, every shower or flushing toilet nearby.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel A greet Hotel all round. Delibereted long and hard before buking something special for our anniversary, and the Hotel America is a very special place.Hotel rooms were fantastic, DVD player, Hi Fi, cordless phone, hidromasage, etc. Breakfast were great, relaxing and amazing roof top whith a little pool and jacuzzi and the restuarnt service in the roof were perfect. Would recomended anyone to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mitoboy3
<Content>Overrated! I stayed in Hotel America from May 30th to June 2nd, 2006 and I have to say I was somewhat disspointed. I made my reservation here based on the reviews on this website. I have to say that in the past the reviews were dead on, bu this time, I think that the reviews on this hotel are somewhat overrated.We arrived to find the room with an extremely musty smell. We had to open the windows in order to air out the room. The sheets and the towels had a strange smell. The Breakfast, good, but EXPENSIVE - try El Apeadero which is a block away on Proivenca. The gym that they advertise on their website, awfyul. The treadmill did not work, and the one weight machine was complicated to figure out.I do not think I will stay here again, considering there are much better 4 star hotels all over the Eixample.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fab hen weekend! we reserved 5 perfectly wonderful twin rooms for a hen weekend! The rooms were modern and clean with a mini bar(which they will empty for your own supplies), TV and hairdryer. I felt the hotel info book was a little on the lean side and the elecronic room safe kept locking itself with our money and passports inside! However, staff attended our needs very quickly and we only had to ask once for anything.On Sunday we used the roof pool area which was to die for! Especially after busy day sightseeing and a late night with the girls. Get there early to bag the few beds on offer. The giant sun-mattresses beat the sunbeds hands down on comfort and made us feel we'd really made it in the world! Dial 9 for bar/food service and sit back and enjoy.We bagged a minibus from the airport for 80eur which between 10 was a bargain. The hotel booked us 2 smaller minibuses for 130eur (for 2) for our return.Not that many bars in the hotel vicinity but there is a great one opposite the hotel with a fabulous relaxing area upstairs with a giant leather bed and trendy cubes. Beer 2eur each but the vodka was a bit pricy.Hard Rock cafe highly recommended but we had to wait ages for a table as they don't take bookings for 15. It simply meant we had plenty of time to spend and sample the cocktails in the lower bar, so no complaints there! The food portions were ace and very good value.Catch a taxi to Port Olimpique for 9-10eur and you can find some good restaurants and enjoy a proper pub crawl! The pubs were a bit too spread out for our liking along the Ramblas so go straight for the port if you want the buzz of a good night out.We took the sightseeing bus at 11am on Saturday but get there earlier if you want a top deck place.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nealog
<Content>A great stay!       roof terrace  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>clobella
<Content>very good hotel, well situated Our three night stay at the America was excellent.The position is great, about five minutes walk fromthe Ramblas and Passeig de Gracia . It's very modern, not too large and extremely clean. Our room was a good size, bed very comfortable with plenty of storage space. Good bathroom with great variety of toiletries, hairdryer and magnifying mirror and huge towels plus towelling robe.Staff are all very friendly and there was always someone around if you needed them. The breakfasts were the best surprise - huge choice of everything plus plenty of exotic fresh fruit. Lovely bread and croissants and cakes!Bar area is filled with plenty of comfortable settees with free internet access plus plenty of guide books and others to browse through. Hotel umbrellas available too!Dinner recommendations were superb - there are lots of nice restaurants in the area which are not typically touristy. Although I didn't go to the roof I was told that the pool area was good.A good price and nice place to stay if you want to be away from the noisy end of the Ramblas. Also felt quite safe walking around with a handbag.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tomkirnic
<Content>Good hotel, friendly staff When we checked in to the hotel, we were upgraded to a superior room, which was fantastic. It had the biggest bed I have ever seen, and a spa bath, stero, DVD player, and a fabulous view.The hotel was modern, very well decorated, clean, and the staff were very friendly. Breakfast was very good, with a large choice.The location was very good, 5 - 10 mins walk from Gaudi's appartments, and lots of bars  restaurants around.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dunoon44
<Content>great place to stay Date: March 28th 2006Reviewer: A Trip Advisor Member, ScotlandWe have just returned from a 4 night break at the Hotel America Barcelona. The hotel was excellent and the staff very helpful and friendly. Good breakfast very clean rooms, good location central to metro station all in all our stay was 10/10. Was not brave enough to drive the free 4 hour Smart Car which is on offer. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice hotel having read the reviews of other travelers i was not dissopointed a very modern hotel in the right location just a short walk to the ramblers local bars and restaurants beware of the traffic in barcelona its a nightmare. the staff at this hotel are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble, jump in a taxi from the airport 25 euros takes 30 mins, a bus will take forever. the hotel is spotless and cleaners are everywhere i have stayed in a lot of places in spain but this rates of one of my best.its very easy to get lost in barcelona all the streets are the same take a map with you and enjoy a very nice place.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>f100zardoz
<Content>.MODERN CLEAN HOTEL.GOOD VALUE FOR MONEY. BUT NOISY.. Me and my wife stayed in the 'America Hotel' for six nights at the end of march.The taxi ride from the airport only cost 15 euro { We fonud the taxi's in barcelona to be very cheap and reliable, from the hotel to las rambels is about 4 euro between two people if you flag it on the street.}First impressions of the room were excellent.It was modern bright  clean with a mini fridge which we filled with our own water e.t.c. Can't fault the hotel on anything except the noise.As you have read in other reveiws the floors are wooden  the walls must not be insulated so at one stage i could actually hear someone somewhere having a shower ! The breakfast was great {my wife tryed everything!}The rooms had air-con  a large clean , stylish bathroom.Overall a very pleasent stay helped by friendly and courtious staff.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KatieKEW
<Content>Compact but clean and trendy! We visited this hotel for a weekend in March. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Rooms were clean and nicely decorated. We had no problems with noise and the beds were comfy. The location was decent as it's only a step away from the metro which gets you everywhere quickly! We didn't have any food in the hotel, we thought it was overpriced. Coffee was good though and the rooftop is fab even in March. La Pedrera is a few minutes walk away as is all the higher end shopping eg Gucci. We were very pleased with our choice of hotel all things considered and 拢70 per room seemed a bargain. NB Take you own hairdryer, the bathroom ones are next to useless - reception will lend you a travel plug if you are silly enough to bring an American one as I did! Barcelona was a great city with loads to do and very friendly people!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ziggilulu
<Content>Nice and modern! This hotel is great, the staff very friendly and best of all, lovely and modern. The room was gorgeous and very clean. We loved the location, about a 30 min walk to Las Ramblas but only about 5 mins to Passeig de Gracia. Perfect location for shopping and eating and away from the bustle of Las Ramblas. The only bad thing I would say is that when we were there it was lovely and warm and we really like places to be cooler rather than too hot. The rooms were still set to 'heating' rather than 'air con'. Our room was warm but we soon got used to it. It wasn't unbearable.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ip202659
<Content>Poor value for money In my opinion this is quite an overrated hotel. I stayed here between Christmas and New Year's Eve 2005, had booked a single room (100 Euros) and was treated to a windowless, tiny room. Decor is modern indeed, but not of the best taste. A gym is available, but it merely consists of a small weights machine, a bicycle and a running machine. Service is pretty indifferent. The hotel lobby is extremely small and really unsuitable to wind down after a day spent strolling through the magnificent city that is Barcelona.In all, this was probably a 2 or 3 star that was refurbished in a modern fashion to look more costly, but deep down can't really hide its roots.I had booked 3 nights, only stayed the 1st and went to the NH Calder贸n for the other 2. My God, what a difference ! For about the same price it was a huge difference in comfort and quality.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel! But Bring Your Earplugs!!! My husband and I chose this hotel based on price and other trip advisor reviews. I was pleasantly surprised to find the hotel was a great bargain(about $100 per night in December)! The staff was friendly and spoke English. They had free internet access downstairs which was a great way to do quick email checks (although, I will say you have to be patient with the speed). The room was comfortable and large and the bathroom-although cold in December-was also large. The location was about 3 blocks from the top of Las Ramblas, but my husband and I are walkers anyway, so it didn't bother us. Everything was going great until the first morning when we awoke to EVERYONE'S morning routines!! Because the hotel is so modern, there is no carpet in the halls and the floors aren't sealed off(you can look all the way down and see the lobby), so everything echos. My husband also noticed how thin the doors were and we could hear plumbing! It sounds aweful, but luckily, I never travel without earplugs and once we put them in, all was right with the world! I would recommend this hotel, but I would definitely warn someone if they are a light sleeper!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>suemaxster
<Content>A great stay in Barcelona Stayed at the Hotel America Barcelona for 3 nights from the 16th December 2005.The hotel is clean, friendly and well situated yet far enough away from the lively La Ramblas to get a good nights sleep. The breakfast is great and at Euro 14 if not included in your rate is good value for what is available on the buffet.Ask for a high room at the back of the hotel, because although the view is not great it keeps you away from the road. The staff at the hotel are great and speak good english which if you do not speak spanish makes things so much easier.Took a taxi both ways from the airport cost Euro 25 each way, but make sure you put your seat belt on because no driver in Barcelona takes any prisoners.Barcelona is a great place to visit with lots to do and I would recommend the bus tours which have 3 routes ( 2 in winter) which covers all the main attractions with ease. This hotel is a good base for a visit to a interesting city.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel I am a travel agent. The Hotel America, is a boutique hotel that has a perfect location. I picked a hotel based on your website and the reviews. I had the oportunity to stay there after a cruise, and must say, we were very pleased with everything abaut this hotel. I just wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Macmoe
<Content>A little disappointed! I chose this hotel after reading the reviews on Trip Advisor, however I found the hotel quite average.On checking in to the hotel the staff were more interested in having their own conversation than serving me.My room was average, no flat screen TV, or funcky surroundings. Also be aware that the satellite TV facility only provides two English news channels.Also the hotel is very noisey and you can hear people in the next room and above you.Throughout the stay there were problems with the water where none was available between 9am and 4pm, this was due to building work outside, the hotel had not advised me of this when I made the booking.The only positive aspect of this hotel is its location, there are some very nice local bars and restaurants in the area and most attractions are within walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the america hotel I really had a wonderful stay.I used to change hotel every time i was visiting barcelona, but from now on i will not:after i found this nice place i am going to be a faitful guest of this hotel.nice rooms, friendly people, perfect location...great music at the bar....what more do you need?  
<Date>Nov 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice Hotel I really liked this nice hotel: the perfect place to have a week-end.The rooms are confortable and the bar has a great atmosphere.People at the reception are very frendly and helpfull.Very good breakfast!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chriswalkley
<Content>Great Hotel - Don't use the airport taxis! Fantastic hotel, my personal favourite in Barcelona (out of the 4 or 5 I've stayed in.A word of warning, do not use the taxis at the airport, they will cheat you and will try to charge up 80 euros if they think they can get away with it. Get the airport shuttle to Plac de Catalunya and a taxi from there to your hotel - costs about 6 euros....you do the maths! :-)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved, loved, loved hotel America I stayed with my husband in the hotel america for a week and we loved it.We had a superior room with jacuzzi, spectacular bath window to the room. king size bed, DVD player, HIFI cordless, etc.There is a roof top area in the 7 th. floor whith pool and jacuzzi and with views over Barcelona (Sagrada Familia, Tibidabo mountain, Monjuic, etc.)Location was very very good. 5 mts to Paseo de Gracia and 15 mts to Plaza Cataluna.The staff was friendly and very polite.I would go back  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bjorkebo73
<Content>Nice hotel Rooms were clean and nice nothing spectacular, pool on the roof and jacuzzi but water was cold. It was nice to have a drink on the roof in the afternoon and catch some sun. Staff helpful but not so informed about restaurants, bars and so on i am glad i had done research about it before coming to Barcelona. It is a wannabee design hotel. Would though stay there again, location is good, price was ok.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Recommend Clean hotel, free internet access in bar/lobby area. Can be loud at night, but did not bother us. Great location! Would recommend and stay again. Helpful staff at front desk. Spoke good english when our spanish was not clear.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very elegant and comfortable. Our staying in Hotel America was really a new experience.Elegant, comfortable. The staff was so kind and efficient to anticipate ourneeds and whishes.Breackfast was very rich, various and appetizing.We apprecieted so much the car that Hotel gave us for free four our touringin Barcelona.We will for sure come back to Hotel America.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>D4T4
<Content>Really nice Stayed here... rooms a bit different from the regular med. Very stylish and clean.Pool a little small (it is a rooftop one after all) and cold!Service - excellent.Location - good, slightly outside of the touristy areas but walkable to las ramblas.Would definately recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paulpreston
<Content>great hotel- try it hotel is in good area within easy walking distance of las rambla and bus stops for hopper tours. the rooms were good size for a city centre hotel and are very clean. the staff are friendly, helpful and even got us a hotel umbrella for the day it rained.roof top pool is a good area to relax and get some sun after a day of walking. breakfast seemed a bit expensive at 15 eurosBarcelona its self is clean and not as threatening as other reviews made out. perhaps you need to look after bags etc more than other cities.overall well worth using this hotel  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel well worth staying at had a great week at this hotel, the staff were extremely helpful and courteous, i needed a doctor, and the hotel booked one and sent one to the room within 40 minutes. hows that for service, the pool at the top of the hotel while small was most welcome after a morning of sightseeing, and was never crowded, we always found sunbeds available to sunbathe on. the hotel is in a great location, very central to get to all the sights, it takes about 20 mins to walk to the ramblas. do visit the tapas bar next door to the hotel for great food and very firendly staff. the hotel room while a bit basic was large enough to feel comfortable in. special mention has to be made of the breakfasts, they are absolutely superb, all tastes are catered for with the as much as you want to eat buffet. for the price we paid it difficult to see how we could have got better value for money anywhere else at ANY price in barcelona. one last point , the area felt very safe and in the full week there never encountered any trouble in any shape or form. you can book here with confidence of being very well looked after in a beautiful city.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jenniferindublin
<Content>Clean and funky. Great neighborhood. Clean and modern in a great area of town. I don't know if I would call area residential as others have - there is a lot going on. It is about 10 blocks removed from the mayhem but easy enough to get there if you want by metro or taxi (cheap taxis!). The only complaint was that it was a bit loud, but it didn't keep us up. We got the Barcelona card as our travel books recommended but didn't find the value in it. I would recommend just taking the metro and taxis.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! Can't recommend this place enough. Great location, friendly service, with nice, clean, modern rooms. The pool area is great for relaxing after you've done the sights or for a pre dinner drink before you head off to the many nice bars and restaurants in the area. You'd be hard pressed to find a hotel of this standard for the same reasonable price - we'll definitely stay there again next time we visit Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PaulLeicesterEngland
<Content>Class Base - especially in hot weather ! Stayed at the Hotel America at the begining of July for a long weekend. The hotel was chosen via the internet after reading mostly excellent reports. Although not the cheapest hotel, Barcelona is relatively expensive and as of many major cities in the world, accomodation standards vary widely.Unless you are comparing this hotel to hotels such as the Ritz etc. it would be harsh to give a bad review. What you have at around 拢100/night is a modern, bright, funcky hotel with excellent rooms...bright spacious with modern furniture, air/con, digital safe, mini bar, t.v, sofa, excellent shower etc., my only one moan was no tea or coffee making facilities, but then there is 24 hour room service, prices being very reasonable.The features I liked best were the roof top swimming pool and jacuzzi...again the weather needs to be hot to take advantage, when we went it was drizzling and cloudy believe it or not, this being July!...oh well. The small bar seemed to lack atmosphere, the staff are very attentive and friendly. the other excellent feature was the breakfast dinning room. Breakfast cost us 13 Euro each per day, while not being as cheap as a coffee and croissant if eating out what you do get is a fabulous buffett stlye breakfast with tea/coffee and full english fry up served in a impecabbly clean and stylish dinning room...well worth it, p.s , what a quality fruit selection !.Early morning room calls and check out are brilliant...nothing is too much trouble...taxi waiting at the door. How anyone could complain about this hotel is beyond me. The location is top quality too, far removed from the run down areas near La Ramblas but a nearby sub way links all areas with a 5 minute stroll at Diagonal to make it an excellent base.Many people rave about Barcelona, I must be the exception to the rule. I found the city too large to enjoy. The shops are no different than many major towns in many countries, of course you do have the real top class shopping and would be great if you like that sort of thing and have the money to take advantage of them, not my cup of tea. The port area was quite when we visited, not that impressed with the harbour area lined with typical english tourist tat cafes..give them a miss. I found the Barri Gothic quarter the best and El Raval a close second, brilliant small shops and cafes. As for La Ramblas...what a dump. There is an unease as you walk about, always expecting to get robbed, pickpocketed or bag snatched, this is a disgrace on the local police for not doing more to stamp out a REAL AND PROLIFIC PROBLEM especially given the city depends on the tourist trade. Some taxi drivers will also take advantage ( or is the term theft ! ) of people being ignorant to the tariff system and will try and add on baggage charges etc when calculating the fare, count the change also BEFORE getting out of the cab , pre-booking via the hotel is a better bet.There is a seedy area near Paral-lel sub station ...take care, many prostitutes and north african people hang out on the streets and thats in the day time, heaven only knows what it is like at night. Ironically a lunch set menu at a restaurant on Carrer De Sant Pau was one of the best I have ever had, be prepared to wait for a table despite it's quite location.Well each to his own, don't let me put you off the city, if you really want to visit the Hotel America will not let you down.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! Just back from staying at the hotel America in Barcelona and we loved it. The rooms were lovely and clean and if you are lucky enough to get a corner room as we were you get some great views. The rooftop pool was a real plus too. Great place to stay but would avoid the weekend if we came back as large groups of people overcrowded the pool area.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RobHighWycombe
<Content>Modern Chic My wife booked this hotel for my 40th. It was recommended to us by a previous guest and we were not disappointed. The rooms were very modern in design and clean. If you are looking for something with modern styling (i.e. not cosy), this would be the place to go.The hotel gave excellent suggestions for places to eat and while it was a bit of a walk to the attractions, we enjoyed the location. We would be happy to stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>stephanie84
<Content>funky , groovy hotel!! Just got back from Hotel America in Barcelona. I am 21 and my boyfriend is 22 went for a relaxing weekend away. We arrived at the hotel quite late in the evening but the staff were excellent as they were throughout the trip. Room was a bit smaller than expected however the decoration and bathroom were lovely ,cleaned everyday with fresh towels. Free air conditioning and safety deposit box were a bonus. Anything u want the staff will get it for you. Roof top pool and terrace was perfectly proportioned and layed out with a lovely big bed at the end, felt quite privileged to have a pool to return to after a long days sightseeing being that it is a city hotel. The only down sides to this hotel is the prices at the bar and the food best to go elsewhere for drinks if u are not wanting to pay the prices. Another down side is that the hotel is a good 30-40 min walk from the main part of La Rambla despite what other reviews might say believe me!! We have the scars on our feet to prove it! Despite this we thoroughly enjoyed the the hotel and bercelona.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Laraine
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed for 2 nights at the Hotel America in June. This is a really nice hotel with modern decor. We had read reports of noise but did not hear any at all. Perhaps this was because we stayed midweek. The rooftop hotel is a welcome bonus and great to go to after a hard days sightseeing. The Ramblas area is a good 20 minute walk away but makes for a very pleasant stroll. If we returned to Barcelona we would have no hesitation in booking the Hotel America again.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and staff Smack in the middle of the trendier part of the Eixample District, and only ten minutes walk from the Ramblas, the Hotel America is ideally located. The neighbourhood bars and restaurants are great and not choked with us tourists. Having a rooftop pool to siesta by was a great bonus. Best of all were the staff, who let me know I'd forgotten a few items during my stay, and popped them in the post to me, as well as keeping me topped up both in my room and by the pool. Didn't notice any noise.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rach100
<Content>great hotel Just returned from this hotel - great staff, funky rooms, good location. We didn't find it noisy at all. Rooftop pool small but nicely done. We will return and advise others to go. Little restaurant on the same road - La Provenca - superb food and incredibly good value.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Service but Loud The location is quite convienent with many good restaurants in the neighborhood. The staff was very friendly and very helpful. On dinner recommendations they were 4 for 4 and they greeted every request with a smile. The main negative is the room was very loud, although being from NYC it did not prevent me from sleeping. Also, the room was a bit small.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AuldJock
<Content>Lovely modern hotel I stayed here with three friends for a weekend break. The hotel is in the Eixample district which is very upmarket. It took about 20mins to stroll to Las Ramblas and all the other major sights which was not a problem. Taxis are very cheap so we took them back to the hotel after sightseeing.The rooms although not large were perfect being very clean, modern and well equipped. The beds were very comfortable. Noise was not a great problem. My room mate heard the inevitable hen party returning at 3:00am but I slept right through it!Breakfast in the lovely breakfast room was excellent - one of the best I've had in my (fairly wide) experience. The selection was hugh and very fresh and well presented.The best bit of the hotel was the rooftop pool and jacuzzi. It was great to spend and hour or so up there after a hectic day in the city.Would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great .... other hotels in Barcelona should take note Even though this hotel is at the budget end of the boutique hotel catagory , I had a great stay. Rooms are a bit small, but very clean. The staff are great , rooftop terrace is small but a nice touch.There is a smart car that you can hire to explore the region.Left here with a spring in my step , rather than I feeling of being fleeced that you tend to get in other Barca hotels  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>igloo_57
<Content>Very cool... Just returned from a weekend in Barcelona. The Hotel America was a great find. Located in a quieter part of Barcelona and yet only step away from the bustling Gracia and La Rambla, it was a joy to return to at the end of a day of sightseeing. The incredibly helpful staff were very welcoming. Above all, the hotel decor gives the hotel a very hip, trendy lounge feel. Drinks on the rooftop at sunset - this hotel made a trip to Barca complete...very cool...  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>halla
<Content>small but nic Stayed here for 2 nights from 22.4.05. Arrived at approx 11.30am and no problem checking in.2 recption staff,one with better english.She was excellent with directions regarding metro, sights and general info.Metro approx 2 blocks away,nice walk in a good area with expensive clothes and shoe shops and lovely pastery shops. If you like to walk La Ramblas is only 20m nice stroll.Very disappointed with La Ramblas but absolutely loved The Gothec Quarter a must to experience.Took the Tour Bus on Friday afternoon,despite the advice of the Official at the tourist who said it was better to take the bus in the morning to avail of all sights.We took the bus at 17.50 euro per person, stayed on for about 45m and then jumped off and on as we selected our sights and found it great value for money and a fantastic introduction to the city.If you happen to meet the same official at the info desk(East European,not Spanish) ignore her.Lovely local bars opposite and to the right of hotel 2 vodka and tonic 2.80 euros alas went to hotel bar 2 vodka and tonic 18 euros.NICE HOTEL LOVELY BREAKFAST BUT NOT 4 STAR  
<Date>May 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stayed in better. The hotel location was OK, building work opposite didn't add to the view from the room. 10 mins to the Passeig de Gracia. The area itself wasn't particularly lively but clean and a good bar opposite.Stayed a weds, thurs and fri night - the 2 nights in the week were fine, the noise on the friday night (from the atrium, the room above and the street outside) resulted in only 3 hours sleep. The street outside seemed to be a meeting point for the local teenagers.Room itself wasn't large or as modern as the photographs would have you believe, no drawers which I found odd. No bathrobe or slippers as stated on the website, but a free safe which came in handy.The hotel pool was deserted as Barca wasn't yet warming up but it is a nice outside space to have at a hotel for the summer. Staff - 2 surly female receptionists, didn't eat in the restaurant or have breakfast there as the prices were extortionate! For the price paid (拢120 a night) I would have expected a better standard of hotel, certainly not a 4 star hotel. A 3 star would be a more realistic rating. Won't be back.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>absolutely fab After much researching we decided to pick this hotel for my husbands 40th birthday. And what a brilliant choice! I believe that if the bar/lounge area was larger and the resturant did a bit more food it would be close on being a 5*. The staff are friendly and welcoming. The rooms were really modern with a jazzuzi bath, cd system, dvd player (with dvds to borrow in the bar) and our floor to ceiling window with a view to die for was fab. Its a hotel which is obviously trying very hard and even offered their own smart car for 4 hours (free when we were there) as long as you have your driving licence. The area is magnificent and so spanish and even though we spoke only a few words of spanish we didn't starve. The hotel is very much in a spanish residential area which means so are the resturants nearby - much better than the rubbish down la ramblas, so just pick one with lots of spaniards and generally you've got a good one. If you're really worried about a little noise from beautiful wooden floors then maybe you need to find a carpeted hotel! Will definitely be back.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mickrory
<Content>Super stay Stayed for 4 nights at the Hotel America week commencing 7 March.We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The hotel was clean and spotless, the rooms are constructed around a central atrium with the restaurant situated on the first floor, we were on the second floor so didn't have to bother with the lift. We also went up on the roof terrace from which you can make out the Sagrada Family along the road the hotel is adjacent to. Although sunny we didn't brave the pool.Never noticed the noise other posters have mentioned but we did stay midweek. They also provided breakfast buffet at 2 for 1 @ 14.25 Euros and there was plenty of fresh fruit, eggs bacon sausage, pastries, toast etc etc.Staff were very helpful and minibar selection was varied and not extortionate. Hotel is about a mile from Catalunya Square but it was a pleasant walk in every morning via Ramblas Da Catalunya which is a couple of blocks away. Beds were very comfortable but we walked so much everyday we were out like lights once we hit the pillow.Would definitely recommend this hotel and stay there again when we return  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>19drew
<Content>service and style Stylish hotel in a smart location away from tourist tack. Service excellent like many comments there is noise but you dont hear it when your sleeping.Must pay a visit to small bar next door excellent.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tim_rutland
<Content>Good, but beware noise The hotel is actually good, very clean, bright, modern etc. The staff were all very helpful and so in most regards this is a great hotel. However - the floors are all ceramic tiled / laminate flooring and there is a central atrium running the complete height of the property which reverberates sound. Essentially therefore there is almost nothing to deaden any sound made throughout the hotel. All guests need to be very considerate in keeping noise to an absolute minimum even after they have had a few drinks. Luckily our fellow guests when we were there were pretty good. However if you are anything but a really sound sleeper you might consider it too much of a gamble and go somewhare else with better sound deadening.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay, great break. We have just returned from a four night break in Barcelona, and found the hotel to be utterly faultless. Upon our arrival, an excellent welcome, English speaking staff. Our room was everything the pictures on this website promised... gorgeous decor, immaculately clean and every convenience we needed. Met many friendly people from all over the UK, and farther afield as well. Close to the Segrada Familia, la Pedrera, and not too far to walk to the Ramblas, and the Gothic quarter, and taxis are cheap if you aren't up to a good stroll. In all, a fabulous hotel to stay in and I would not hesitate to recommend to ANYONE. Plenty of restaurants, loads of great shops, a brilliant time, in a brilliant city...We'll be back!!!   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariaShepperton
<Content>great hotel We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hotel America. The rooms are excellent modern with a lovely bathroom. The staff are very helpful and friendly.We didn't have breakfast as we thought it was very expensive and we went to a nearby cafe and had lovely fresh pastries and rolls with cafe con leche and sat with the locals.The roof terrace is lovely with great views of the city. The hotel is very central, only a few minutes walk from The Ramblas and all the main shopping streets and walking distance from all the main sites, we didn't use cabs or public transport and visited all the main sites.The only non positive thing about the hotel is the noise at night which seems to be caused by the central atrium which causes the noise to travel. It is only a problem at night if people come back late and are not considerate. However, I think some noise is only to be expectd in a city hotel and for the overall price we paid I think we got real value for money.We would stay here again when we revisit Barcelona.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice but.. Lovely contemporary hotel and we liked the location as it meant we got to sample a lot of the upmarket (less touristy) restaurants in the area. They provided a great contemporary coffee table style book in our room which had lots of restaurants in the area and around barcelona. The hotel was lovely but the breakfast (which wasnt included) was overpriced- go seek out some of the local cafes for a much better choice and price. The pool wasnt really worth it- it is very small and being so high up even in the summer it can get a bit chilly. Room service ironically was better value than breakfast but only for snacks. I would recommend it if you want something contemporary with class and still reasonably close to the ramblas (via metro) It was very close to some of gaudis attractions (short walk) but if you just want to be in the hustle bussle of tourist area and prfer chain restaurants it might not be for you.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trendy hotel but not amazingly central We stayed at the Hotel America in August when the city was very hot. The hotel was a great place to come back to seek refuge from the heat and relax in the pool. It's very comfortable and stylish but not amazing.Pro's* Design of the rooms was very funky and the bathrooms had a luxurious feel.* Rooftop pool was a nice extra as Barcelona can get really hot!* Breakfast was very tasty!Con's* Location isnt ideal - there's not much to this neighbourhood and it is a good 15 min walk from Las Ramblas. However, walking back to the hotel late at night we did feel safe.* Soundproofing in the rooms not great. The feel is of an ultra-modern hotel that is trying hard and superficially looks great but underneath maybe isnt quite deserving of 4*.* The pool is small and the views from the rooftop terrace are of unappealing grey buildings! Can get quite crowded, too, meaning no sun loungers and you are not allowed to bring your own drinks up - you have to order them from the hotel bar.If you can get it at a competitive price and dont mind the walk into the centre then it is a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very comfortable and elegant very comfortable and elegant room. The hotel is in a nice location in Barcelona, near the center. Very tasty the breakfast buffet. Very kind the staff of the hotel.A fine, relaxing experience.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely modern hotel I have just returned from a weekend to Barcelona with my sister and was very pleased to have chosen Hotel America for my visit.The hotel itself was very modern and had quite a calming influence as it wasnt full of hustle and bustle. The rooms were very clean (especially the bathroom) and the beds were lovely to sleep in. We found the hotel staff very friendly and patient - especially since we went to them almost every morning with questions about 'directions, recommendations' etc etc!The hotel was further than we expected from Placa De Gracia/La Rambla etc, but this wasnt a problem as it made for a very pleasant walk down the charming streets to get to the restuarants/shops etc. (No more than 15mins to La Rambla when walking)Noise wasnt a problem at all, from what i gather, whereva you stay in Barcelona, you are almost definately going to get street noise (and noise from the rubbish collects quite late at night), so Hotel America wasnt any different to any other hotel in opinion. No raucus hen/stag do's and no gangs of people on the street to keep us awake at night!A lovely hotel to stay in whilst on a lovely break in Barcelona!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beatifull Hotel in a beautifull city I just returned from a four days in Barcelona where i was i was staying at the Hotel America. This is a great hotel, with the finest service and excellent location: one block from subway and three blocks from Gaudi's Pedrera.I would recommend this hotel to anyone looking for something different than the average 4 star hotels. I expecially enjoyed the top floor where they have a nice terrace with a swimming pool : the weather was nice enough to relax there and have a beautifull sunset .One week-end was not enough : i'll go back for sure!  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location We absolutely loved the location as we could walk down to the Ramblas and catch a bus everywhere. There are a few lovely pastry places around there serving fresh orange juice and fresh buns and pastries for breakfast. The hotel was a great price and our room was large, bright and very nicely decorated. We booked two rooms and the second room was quite dark and small, still nicely decorated. Everything was very clean. The hotels breakfast was WAY OVERPRICED! For the cost and the location, I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - but be wary of large party bookings at the same time as your stay Just returned from a 3 day trip to Barcelona, as a birthday present for my boyfriend. We both favour individual boutique hotels where possible when we travel, which is why the Hotel America appealed. I had read all the reviews before booking, and most are very favourable, with a few relating to small rooms and noise.I have to admit my review is a mixture of both as we unfortunately experienced both the small room and noise issue...On the positive: great location in Eixample district - close by many main attractions (Casa Batllo, Sagreda Familia, La Pedrera, La Ramblas), not to metion shopping, and the tourist bus  metro and some great reastaurants.The hotel was clean and modern and staff were friendly, offering restaurant advice, giving directions etc and the rooftop pool and terrace is a great benefit if you tire of sightseeing. The breakfast was comprehensive and reasonably priced on an 'all you can eat' basis.On the negative: The hotel has tiled and wood floors throughout, and the 10 rooms per floor are arranged around an atrium that travels the height of the 6 floors which means noise travels.We were a late arrival at 10pm on Friday (from the 6.30pm flight out of gatwick) - and as such, we were last guets to arrive and allocated the smallest double room, on the corner of the atrium which did not have natural daylight. *Note this will be room no. 10 on each floor - if you book it will be worth checking this and asking to be moved as the main room just about houses a bed wardrobe  desk* This was very disappointing as I had booked a 3 day stay over 6 weeks ago and the hotel were full until Sunday so we couldn't change rooms until this time.The design is very open - and coupled with the choice of hard floors rather than carpeting - you hear everything as if it was happening in front of you......doors opening and shutting, people walking along the corridor, the cleaners, voices and most importantly groups of people arriving back at the hotel in the early hours of the morning with no thought for other guests...Please take heed. This hotel is VERY popular with British Stag and Hen parties as the rates are so reasonable, and although it is predominantly a business hotel during the week, much of the clientele at weekends seem to be parties of this nature.Unfortunately for us there were 2 stag/hen parties last weekend, and we had a terrible nights sleep both friday and saturday due to excessive noise levels in the early and late hours of the morning from both parties. It did not help that our room faced directly onto the atrium....It was the guests who eventually made a stand both nights and had to shout down to the lobby - (3AM and 5.30 AM on saturday) to ask people to be quiet - I was very nearly one of them, leaping out of bed as someone was yelling at the top of their voices below - livid with the lack of thought from other people and the seeming lack of control by the night staff of the hotel. We were not the only people to complain in the morning - many of us had suffered and I don't believe the hotel staff took strong enough action at the time to ensure the majority of guests were not disturbed. They were apologetic, but this is of no help after a total of about 6 hours sleep over 2 nights. I don't feel the hotel are prioritising the type of guests they want to attract or ensuring the majority of guests have a pleasant stay. The stag/hen parties should have all been located on the same floor to contain noise rather than scattered- and room priorities should have been given accordingly - we were a couple staying 3 nights and given the smallest room in the noisiest part of the hotel - members of the stag/hen parties had a 2 night stay and larger rooms to themselves. Rather than waiting for guests to complain and write poor reviews, the hotel should tackle their accomodation planning or put in place a policy for large parties which would be more useful.In summary - a great stay in Barcelona, only marred from the hotel perspective. If you are free of a stag/hen party - you will definately enjoy your stay at the Hotel America - but I would urge anyone considering this hotel for a relaxing, or special weekend away to check whether there are any large party bookings - and if so - avoid it completely and choose a Hilton or similar instead.....  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK This hotel is good, but not *that* good. People shower praise too liberally on this website. The positive: nicely decorated, good hotel bar, a mini gym which was a nice surprise, and the roof top was quite cool, though don't expect anything much larger than a paddling pool all you keen swimmers. Our room was on the main road and actually had a good view, and the soundproofing worked fine. Lovely airconditioning as well. The bathrom was really stylishly designed. That said, it is a long walk into the old town from there and the staff were slightly surly. If I was to go again, I would spend a bit more (we got a really good deal for the hotel) and go closer in to the main part of town. I have given it 4 stars as it was good, but not quite as good as you might expect.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel Visited Barcelona with my family in the middle of July for my 21st birthday and booked 2 rooms for 5 nights in the Hotel America. Chose the hotel because of the excellent reviews it had received on Trip Advisor website but was beginning to wonder whether they might have been written by the hotel staff themselves in an attempt to boost business!! Thankfully the hotel more than exceeded expectations. Ideal location, slightly set back from the main tourist areas (by no means a bad thing) but a 10 min stroll will take you onto the Passeig de Gracia (the main street in the Eixample district). We were able to walk to most places easily enough (the Sagrada Familia (30 mins) and the port area at the bottom of Las Ramblas (40 mins) were the 2 furthest away). If you don鈥檛 fancy walking taxis are also plentiful and much cheaper than London. The hotel will order one for you but they are just as easy to hail on the street. The metro system is also efficient, cheap (Eur 1.10 single ticket) and air conditioned, a welcome relief if you鈥檙e used to using the tube in London!Hotel staff were fantastic. All spoke superb English and were able to help with taxis, organise day trips (we went to Montserrat) and recommend the best tapas bars / restaurants. Both rooms (one on 4th floor, one on 1st) were spotlessly clean. No complaints about the room size despite earlier comments. Bathrooms were also a great size. Always had hot water and the shower was very powerful. Clean towels supplied each day.As for the noise, what noise?! We even had a hen party book in on our 3rd night and the place was practically silent by midnight. None of us had any trouble sleeping. Once you shut the bedroom window and switch on the air conditioning you can barely hear any street noise whatsoever. Only had breakfast once, great selection although to get your moneys worth you have to make sure you can eat a fair amount of the buffet. If not there is a great little pastry shop just around the corner.The pool / terrace area on the top floor was also great although we didn鈥檛 make much use of it as we were too busy sightseeing. Generally quieter in the mornings and early afternoon. Seems to fill up with English people after about 2pm. The telephone on the terrace allows you to order drinks / food from bar downstairs without having to move a muscle. What more do you need?!DownsidesYou could wait all day for a lift so probably easier to take the stairs. We had a late night flight and tried to request late checkout but our rooms were needed which was a shame but only to be expected in such a great little hotel. However, the staff were more than helpful, storing our suitcases and letting us use the shower facilities in the downstairs gym before catching a cab to the airport.Fantastic hotel. Of all the places to stay in Barcelona I was very glad I chose to spend my birthday here.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnF62
<Content>A Pleasure to visit I have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Hotel America and must say how much I enjoyed it.The hotel is in a good location, near to, but not right in the heart of the tourist area. The hotel itself is spotlessly clean and modern. The staff were very attentive and friendly.The rooms are perhaps a little on the small side, but by no means cramped. The rooftop terrace with pool and jacuzi are fantastic and there is even a small gym if you are feeling energetic.Some reviews have mentioned that the hotel is noisy. I didn't find that the internal noise (e.g. from other guests or cleaners) was particularly troublesome, however, street noise can be annoying. That having been said you are in a city and part of the attraction is the vibrancy that comes from people living their lives.Close to the hotel we found three fabulous restaurants that offer fantastic value for money (especially when compared to the overpriced tourist offerings on and around La Ramblas). These are Menjador (Valencia, 193 - a 5 minute amble from the hotel), La Pol Pa (Enric Granados, 69 - a 2 minute stroll) and La Provenca (Provenca, 242 - 30 seconds at most from the hotel). All of these offer a really good 3 course meal with wine for about 30 Euros a head (maybe a bit more at La Provenca).All in all I thoroughly recommend the hotel to anyone who wants a little bit of modern luxury at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DeniseatWoodstock
<Content>Just Superb Just returned from a girlie weekend at Hotel America, Barcelona. We could not find fault with all the facilities, must admit none of us managed the gym but the pool and the service from the staff were brilliant. They could not be more helpful with booking taxis and late night drinks in the bar. Rooms were spacious enough and very clean throughout. We asked for a late check out, nothing was too much trouble for them. Highly recommended and we would all return at the drop of a hat. Near enough to Las Ramblas and La Padrera, certainly recommend a visit to Casa Bastllo and perfect location for shopping.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Hotel Total Relaxation I have just returned home from the Hotel America. Having taken a 5 day break with 3 friends. The Hotel is modern, spotlessly clean and with the most attentive staff, nothing is to much trouble. The breakfast is plentifull with as much as you can eat. Room service is spot on and the rooftop pool and jaccuzi are an ideal spot to relax. It's in an ideal location situated one street away for the Touristica Bus which we highly recommend to see the city. Trains are cheap clean and always on time. Grab a Taxi for Easy access to and from the airport. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and would recommend this Hotel to anyone. We will be returning to this hotel again.   
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gemstone4ever
<Content>Make sure you're not given the broom cupboard to sleep in! I was pleasantly surprised when we arrived at the hotel and were welcomed by a bright modern interior with a funky bar. Things quickly went down hill when I was warned that our room was small and that, although we had booked ages in advance, that was the only room available. Well, small I can put up with (at a push), but no windows is plain unnacceptable! How can a four star hotel put people up in a converted broom cupboard. Imagine waking up in Barcelona and not being able to see if it's sunny outside. After much fuss, we were moved the following night to a proper room which was fine.The other problem with the hotel is their noise, inconsiderate (and I'm afraid English) guests who rampage through the corridors at 4am in the mornign and litter the pool all day with their hangovers and rudeness. I guess they're not the hotel's fault.I wondered if they had given us the rubbish room because we had prepaid.....Nice breakfast though...  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Style over substance The hotel is modern looking by European standards. It is nicely decorated, has unlimited hot water, cordless phones, pergo floors in the rooms, etc.. It is located in a great neighborhood as well. The hotel staff is not overly polite but fairly responsive. However, if you feel that the most important aspect of a hotel experience is rest, then DO NOT book this hotel. The hotel is unbearable for all but the deepest, deepest sleepers. The first morning here I was awakened by what sounded like a prison riot in the halls outside the room. However, it was only the cleaning lady banging hotel doors and slamming things into her cleaning cart. The hotel has no carpets and the inside of the hotel tower is open all the way to the top floors causing a sort of sound tunnel effect. The slightest clinks and clanks from several floors up or down are magnified as it echos up through the tower. Moreover, this morning, I was awakened by the wake-up call of my neighbor and could hear his accepting the call, and subsequent coughing, sneezing, and packing as if he were in my room. Yes, the walls are paper thin too. Be careful. If you are leaning your head against the headboard when a nearby door slams, the vibration can give you quite a jolt. If this hotel had carpets and soundproof walls, it would likely be 4 stars. But getting a decents nights rest is the most important aspect of a hotel experience in my opinion so I would not recommend this hotel to anyone but the already dead.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>herberthead29
<Content>Absolutely Adored This Boutique Hotel! We simply could not have found a better hotel for the price (stayed June 1 - June 6). Hotel America was fastidiously clean, bright, modern and in close proximity to the central sights of Barcelona. Staff was excellent - friendly and extremely helpful (pulling out maps and marking up recommended restaurants, sights, etc.). Also, although I was prepared to speak what little Spanish I know, the staff was completely fluent in English, as is most of central Barcelona. A couple of recommendations: 1. Dine at least once at Ciudad Condal (at the end of Carrer de Catalunya near the main plaza) - the best tapas and sangria we had during our visit; 2. Go see the Magic Fountain at Placa de Espana (you'll need to get on the metro). Be sure to take a bottle of vino and a couple of glasses (hotel staff will cork the bottle for you if you ask nicely). The fountain is a beautiful, romantic sight to sit and watch the colorful display of water and lights. My husband and I went our last night in Barcelona (show starts at 9 pm) and we loved it. 3. Definitely end your sightseeing days with some lounging by the rooftop pool and order up some cava or cerveza from the bar. The view is amazing. You can even see the Sagrada Familia if you look to the far left! All in all, Hotel America is a perfect boutique hotel. If we're ever in Barcelona again, we will certainly return there!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stylish hotel   showReview(2112677, 'full');   
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Emgoose
<Content>Fantastic Location, Brilliant Service   showReview(1979158, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RhiannonL
<Content>Super hotel, fantastic location!   showReview(1898295, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rjwalker
<Content>Excellent hotel, great breakfast   showReview(1771650, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WoW........   showReview(1747995, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, location, location!   showReview(1651361, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>modern, clean and light   showReview(1649563, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the bamboo plants!   showReview(1640075, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona - I want to go back!   showReview(1541618, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Barcelona's Best Kept Secret   showReview(1072979, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien situ茅, personnel charmant, prix normaux   showReview(19646348, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel moderne et accueillant   showReview(18531326, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TOP   showReview(17436742, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15572217, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un h么tel tr茅s bien situ茅 dans Barcelone   showReview(13982382, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Tadek
<Content>Das Hotel macht auf Designhotel - nicht gelungen.       Zimmer 504 - links in der Wand ein Fensterchen zum Badezimmer  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	2	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel sympa   showReview(11662087, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel   showReview(11662086, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ravi   showReview(11450487, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈汇儹銉娿仹銇父瀹裤伀銇椼仧銇勶紒   showReview(19161653, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne w ieder   showReview(11434917, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>elocine
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(6849476, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>neraviola
<Content>Peque帽o gran hotel   showReview(6440010, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>St盲dtekurzreise   showReview(11357966, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>la_bale
<Content>CI TORNEMMO ANCHE ORA A PIEDI DA MILANO!   showReview(5830996, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

