<Author>jackeen2
<Content>Very Disappointing Nice people, clean and attractive hotel, yes. But for me, a number of problems far outweighed those factors. Most serious of which was that, due to severe mobility problems, I had requested a handicapped accessible room. It turned out to be located at the far end of a corridor and a great distance from the elevators. Hence after a very long, very painful walk, I was essentially trapped in the room until checkout. It was simply too daunting a prospect to even try visiting the restaurant or other facilities.Usually, special needs accommodations are situated quite close to elevators/lifts, for what should be obvious reasons. So, it was a shock to be informed that if I needed that proximity, it was up to me to have requested it at the time of booking. Never in my experience in any hotel had I encountered such a situation.Also, while less serious, there were other problems. First of all, although I'd specifically asked for and was promised a mini-fridge at a slight additional charge, none was provided. Then there was the free internet service which, on several attempts to get my my laptop going, kept coming up as having little or no connectivity. Actually, it was none.Finally, Foster's Restaurant, located within the hotel and from which Room Service originates, was closed for lunch until the 6th of January, in observance of the Holidays. Guests wishing to have lunch had to either leave the hotel for a restaurant or find one which would deliver. Also, the menu was strictly of the meat or seafood variety; any other types of dishes, including vegetarian, had to be special ordered.In sum, I do not plan to stay there again and strongly advise anyone living with a disability to consider the Boston at Beacon Holiday Inn only as a very last resort.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	3	3	1	

<Author>SorchaN
<Content>Nice hotel, good location, friendly staff I left it very late to book a hotel for my trip to Boston, so most of them were either full or way beyond my price range. I was getting anxious, but with only a few days to go I booked the Holiday Inn at Beacon Hill through Hotwire. When I arrived the desk staff were helpful and friendly. The room was clean and quite large, with two queen (I think) beds and an enormous window that went all the way from floor to ceiling, which meant the room was nice and bright during the daytime. (There were blackout curtains for guests who like it dark at night.) There was the usual city noise - car horns and sirens - from time to time, but it wasn't especially loud. The housekeeping staff are efficient and thorough, and were particularly good about my jet-lagged inability to get up and out before late morning. I think one morning the housekeeping staff came in a couple of times, saw me sleeping and went quietly away without disturbing me, and yet still came back later, once I'd gone out, to bring clean towels and stuff like that. (There is a card you can put on the door to request privacy, if you happen to think of it before you go to bed; I hadn't done that because I had very good intentions about getting up early every morning. Ha!)There are laptop points in all the rooms, but I don't have my own laptop so I was glad to be able to check my email in the small business center on the second floor, in which there are two PCs. I never had to wait long to use one. There's a printer in there too, but if you want to fax anything you need to go to the front desk.You can make direct dial international calls from the phones in the room, which is easier than having to use a credit card. However, it's pretty expensive! I think it's about $10 for the first minute, and then about $1 a minute after that, depending where you're calling. If you plan to make long distance or international calls, you might want to ask the front desk about the rates first. Hotel phones are always expensive, of course.There is also a guest laundry with two washers and two dryers on the second floor, which I liked because I was able to wash all my clothes before leaving, and they're always so much easier to pack when they're clean! (Small box of laundry powder from the front desk: $1.) One slight problem was that whenever both washers were being used the room flooded. There is a rather bizarre quick-fix plumbing device consisting of a tall pipe that leads nowhere, which might be able to deal with the water pressure of one draining washer, but which simply pours water all over the room when both are draining at the same time. Not a huge problem, but a bit odd.And there's a fitness room, also on the second floor, with treadmills and exercise bikes. I went once, but was too busy over the next few days to go again! It's nice to have access to something like that, especially when it's too cold to go for a long walk outdoors. There is an outdoor pool which was closed when I was there (in November) but would probably be great in the summertime.A couple of floors of the hotel are used as residences for students at a nearby college, but the students I encountered (usually in the laundry or the business center) were polite and friendly. They also didn't generate the kind of noise that people might expect from students: I didn't hear any loud music or partying while I was there. Also on the second floor of the hotel, just beyond the laundry, is a back door which leads outdoors to a CVS (pharmacy or chemist, depending where you're from) and a big whole food store that sells everything from scented candles to fresh fruit; from freshly made pizza to interesting cheeses. If you go in hungry you'll come out poor! Or maybe you're less easily tempted than I am.As you might expect in a major city, there are restaurants nearby, liquor stores, general stores and so on. If you want other kinds of shopping (shoes, clothes) it's easy enough to walk downtown or you can take the T. I'm not a big fan of shopping, but apparently there are places in the Back Bay neighborhood where designer shopping can be done.The T is very easy to get to: the nearest station is probably Bowdoin on the blue line, but it's closed evenings and weekends. I found it easier to get the T from Charles MGH (red line) which is about four minutes' walk from the Holiday Inn (and I'm not a fast walker). Trains come every couple of minutes, it's quick and easy to get almost anywhere, and it's pretty inexpensive: I got a Charlie ticket for a week, which was only $15. (it's called a Charlie ticket because of the song about Charlie and the MTA, which you have to listen to if you're going to Boston - the Kingston Trio sang it, among others).There is a restaurant attached to the hotel. It's a separate business, but you can get breakfast or other meals there. It's also a bar. I didn't go into it, so I can't review it except to say it's handy. I think, though, if I could change one thing about this hotel, it would be about breakfast. It's nice to have a restaurant pretty much on-site, but I have some strong views about breakfast, one of which is that it shouldn't cost nearly as much as a weekly ticket on the subway. Call me unreasonable if you want. So instead of going for breakfast at the restaurant I went out the back door every morning, across to the whole food store, and bought bananas and grapes for breakfast. Checkout is at noon, and my flight wasn't leaving until evening, so I asked if I could leave my luggage for a few hours. That was just fine: it was kept in a locked room and I was given a receipt for collecting it. So I was able to go out for a while without having to schlep my bags around. A taxi to or from the airport is just under $25, which I thought was good value. But it's also possible to get to the airport by taking the T, which is cheaper of course. Either the blue line or the silver line will get you to the airport.I enjoyed my stay at the Holiday Inn at Beacon Hill and would quite happily go back there on any future trips to Boston.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bazandbabs24
<Content>Highly Recommended Hotel Very pleasantly surprised by this hotel!Were given a room on the executive floor so cannot comment on what standard rooms are like - although I would imagine they do not differ much.Spacious room on the 14th (top) floor with an extremely comfortable bed. Huge flat screen TV and good selection of channels as well as movies  games console. Bathroom was a good size with a huge shower - shame there was no bath though!Service in the restuarant was excellent - very attentive staff, friendly and good food available.Location was good - not too far to walk to main city centre. Also close to Beacon Hill area and within walking distance of Cambridge.Highly recommended !  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ahtun
<Content>It is not #8 star, never stay It is one of worst hotel among 3* hotels we stayed in our life. We stayed one night. We requested non-smoking room and ended up with smoking room with walking shower. After you took shower, water was draining to room due to leveling on the floor. Rooms and hotel do not seem well maintained, Furniture are very old. Rest room looks not clean. It needs full renovation. I clearly do not recommend to anybody unless you want to be close to hospital for business.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	2	

<Author>nikagarwal
<Content>NIce cozy hotel I stayed in this hotel while on trip to Boston,It was a nice cozy stay, staff was very helpful and welcoming.breakfast was goodwill go there again for my next visit  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KellyBethlehem_PA
<Content>Decent hotel We had a room with 2 double beds. Plenty of room for a family of 4. Location is very good. 10 minute walk to Quincy Market and the Freedom Trail. We left our car in the parking garage right around the corner from the hotel and walked everywhere. The kids really loved the Duck boat tour and the Freedom Trail. Decent hotel if you get a good price.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Pilot7700
<Content>Over priced Hotel The location of this property was excellent. The lobby and baggage handlers were great. The check-in staff were very disorganized and not helpful at all. They would not make change for me so that I could pay the taxi. The rooms were nice but not above average. The bathroom was very small. This hotel was quiet and comfortable, however for the money paid, I think it is very overpriced.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>davidli
<Content>Great value for 85 $ per night We stayed 4 nights booked through Hotwire.Yes the hotel is a little older but when you compare hotel prices in downtown Boston this was a bargain. It was clean ,comfortable, friendly staff, quiet rooms ,free internet and ideally located in the city. There are a few lower floors assigned to Suffolk College students but we didn't encounter any unruly or rowdy behaviour at all. We would definitely stay again for the price.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>aljacket
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I enjoyed my stay at the Holiday Inn Boston at Beacon Hill. The hotel was nicely located near two T stops, Quincy Market and Beacon Hill. The check-in staff was excellent and was ready to advise us on about Boston and the local area. The rooms were clean and nice sized. Based on my Priority club Status, they upgraded us to the Executive floor, which included a free breakfast buffet. It was good, and the service was friendly. I doubt I would have paid the $13-14 street price though, there are enough places near buy that are a better value. We didn't have a car, but parking looked very expensive ($36/day they park, $32/day you park). I am not sure if the parking-lot they used was even owned by the hotel, but not seem to be many other options to park in the area available. There is also a great Italian place Antonio's right across the the street.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>andrew23
<Content>Just another Holiday Inn...... Well, this is really just another Holiday Inn. Public areas were not fancy but acceptable for a hotel this class, service was just OK, the rooms were kinda dated but comfortable and clean enough. The restaurant did serve a pretty decent breakfast with some really good pastries. Location wise, it's a few blocks away from the nearest T Station so there's quite a bit of walking involved.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Haylow
<Content>Not the best night's sleep We stayed at the Holiday Inn Beacon Hill on 2324 August. We stay at Holiday Inns fairly often as we as Priority Club members and use our points for free rooms.We were very glad on this occasion that we didn't pay for the room as the price wouldn't have been justified.We were upgraded to an Executive Room, and although clean, it was in need of refurbishment. The bathroom was average, but when we went to use the toiletries we found that they were either empty or half empty and had not been replaced by housekeeping.The a/c was so noisy we had to turn it off in the middle of the night, and because the windows wouldn't open, it was quite an uncomfortable night. Also, at 4 am each morning the hotel must start up the elevators because there was a loud noise of a motor starting and you heard the bell of the elevator every couple of seconds as if it were stopping at each floor. On the plus side, the hotel is fairly well placed in Boston. We got a taxi from the airport and it cost $25. We walked to downtown and the harbour to go on a whale watching cruise, and it only took about 15 minutes to get there (at a slow walking pace). There was also free wifi in the room and although we didn't make use of it a swimming pool and gym.If I had to pay for a room in this hotel, I would look elsewhere for the price, but as we got it free it's hard to be too harsh about it.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	3	2	4	

<Author>katikat109
<Content>Disappointed For staying in a 3-star hotel in such a good location, I expected more of the Holiday Inn. It started off poorly when I had to wait almost 30 minutes to check in. There was only one clerk checking guests in, even though other staff would walk through and see the line, but not do anything about it. I'm not sure why, but there appeared to be college students from Suffolk moving into the hotel. Both nights of my stay someone was playing extrememly loud music/bass and it was difficult to sleep through. The furniture was very worn and there were cigarette burns in the comforter. The bathroom was so small the door just narrowly missed the toilet when you opened it. Additionally, the parking was very expensive ($36/night) so I chose to put my car in another garage that was much nicer and only $9/night (Post Office Garage - I highly recommend). The only good thing about this place was the location - within walking distance to most tourist attractions and seemingly safe area.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	4	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>mathildexl
<Content>good deal in Boston It as a typical Holiday Inn, large room, the furniture a bit worn out with a good rate, which we got, not bad. With the free Internet and the friendly staff at the counter and the bartender in particular even good. Would I stay there again? Yes, if the rate is good.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	5	5	

<Author>MassIS300
<Content>Nice Location, Nice Stay       A couple blocks away on the way to the Science Museum  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MiamiAL
<Content>Good Stay with good location for all the sights Holiday Inn Beacon Hill is a good hotel at at good location. It is close to both the Government Center and Bowdoin (closed on weekends) T stops, and walking distance to most everything that a tourist would want to see in Boston. An added bonus is that there is a Whole Foods and a CVS pharmacy directly behind the hotel. The downside of the hotel is that there is no fridge in the room, and the parking is $36 a day. Overall a very good stay.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>D&MUpnorth
<Content>Great Time At Holiday Inn Beacon Hill       View From Room  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>happy8019
<Content>Ok, but one flaw The hotel is in a great area for siteseeing. One small flaw. After leaving a tip for housekeeping everyday, we weren't given soap and shampoos. After calling the desk twice, still nothing. Very sad when customer service is key to a good hotel.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	2	4	

<Author>glandsb500
<Content>Good Business Hotel - very expensive parking I travel frequently on business, so I am giving this review from a business travel perspective. This is a typical Holiday Inn offering the typical amenities such as a breakfast room serving either buffet or a-la-carte meals. The buffet is somewhat basic for it's price at $13.00, but then the selections from the menu are also quite expensive, so at the end of the day the buffet is better value than the menu.The rooms are your typical Holiday Inn type room, there was plenty of space and also a king bed. Complimentary high speed internet was also provided. There are no fridges in the rooms.As business hotels go, it was fine.But here is the kicker - parking in downtown Boston is at a premium and this hotel is no exception. The only convenient parking was valet parking at $36 per night! I looked around but could not find any safe parking nearby.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>dapfunk187
<Content>Overall, a good deal We only needed a room for 1 Friday night in Boston and didn't really care about where, so we booked through Hotwire and ended up getting this hotel at a room rate of $89, which was great compared to the going rates at other nearby hotels. When we arrived we were happy to see that there was a parking garage attached to the hotel, where you can pay for public parking (at $32 for 24 hours) or also use a valet option with in-and-out privileges. Very convenient options! The exterior of the hotel was much better than I have seen at other Holiday Inn's. It is also in a good location...lots of options within walking distance, such as Boston Commons and Quincy Market.When we arrived, the desk clerk was very helpful in making sure we knew where we were going and had maps and such to go with us. We were also surprised to find out we were upgraded to a suite! We still have no idea why, but we definitely weren't complaining. Although the suite was bigger, it was not updated any more than the other rooms. The bathroom was tiny and the bathroom door actually hit the toilet when you opened it which was kind of annoying. Although the entrance and lobby seemed to be updated, the rooms weren't so much. They were perfectly fine with the amount we paid, but would have probably be disappointed had we paid much more. Overall, if you can stay there for around $100-120 a night, I would say it's definitely worth it. Although I can speak to many of the amenities because we did not spend much time at the hotel - more outside of it.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>evjolin
<Content>Not what you would expect from Holidy Inn.... Upon entering the hotel I found myself in line behind a woman checking in because she and her husband were in a fight and she didn't want to stay at home. The poor girl was crying and upset and the WONDERFUL man behind the front desk was so sweet and gracious. So front desk gets 5 stars. This was not the Holiday Inn I stayed at growing up, definitely has gotten better. The room was nice (huge!) but the bath was insanely small. Husband and I could not even be in there brushing our teeth at the same time. Bed was comfy but bring your own pillow....they were lumpy and pretty bad. Overall, would definitely stay there again. As they say location, location, location! All near the hotel: au bon pain, whole foods, pizza place, gas station, cvs, my FAVORITE burrito place ever--anna's taqueria (i used to live in boston and would go to anna's at least 3x a week) and walking distance to beautiful charles street.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>ChrisNe
<Content>Great all round Had everything to make a comfortable stay and also great central location. Cannot think of any problems. Breakfast was fine. Some reviews mention smallish bathrooms which is true but not a problem.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Tilly&Kyle
<Content>Pleasantly surprisedd I booked this room through Hotwire, and have to admit I was a little disappointed we ended up with a Holiday Inn. (even though the price was Cheap!) I haven't stayed in a Holiday Inn since I was a kid with my parents. This was a last minute Memorial Day weekend trip, and we headed to Boston on Sunday. The location is excellent, it is in the quiet section of the West End of Boston, just a block from the Beacon Hill area. You can walk to almost anywhere in Boston from this location. The staff at check-in was very friendly and helpful. The room was average, but very comfortable. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>irgo05
<Content>great stay Hotel exceeded my expectations. We arrived to a super friendly, helpful staff. Our room was spacious and clean, bed very comfy. The bathrooms were tiny, but the towels were abundant soft and clean and products nice. Our room had a flat screen TV, good size refrigerator, microwave and coffeemaker. The pool was adequate but they did have a lifeguard on duty which I found rather impressive. Off the second floor you can pop out to the shopping area with a Whole Foods and CVS. Convenient! Location was great, not that we were in the heart of it all, but could easily walk to places or hop on the T to get we were going. I thought that since this hotel was so modestly priced (compared to the others...) that I would wish I had ponyed up... not the case! I didnt give it excellent because the walls were a liitle thin, ie could hear neighbors baby crying and we did have a water stain on the ceiling. Didnt bother me but may bother others. I just want to mention again the front desk- very nice!  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OhioChowhound
<Content>Great Location We stayed at this hotel for the Boston Marathon. The staff was very helpful and even let us check in at 7:30 am when we arrived! Our room was a little older than the ones pictured on the website, but I think that was because they gave us what they had available at that time. It was very clean with nice bed linens and a comfy chair. Some of the furniture was a little old. The bathroom was very small but clean and nice with great water pressure in the shower. The closeness to the Green line T stop was great, and it was easy to walk to the North End and Quincy Market area. I loved having a Whole Foods adjacent to the hotel. The price was great and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Randalljay
<Content>Enjoyed this Hotel Great location, OK service, room was on the Executive floor and quite good. Really can't complain about price as Boston is pretty pricey. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>traveler3120
<Content>Great Location This hotel is in a great location. It's just a few blocks from the T stop, and in the beautiful Beacon Hill neighborhood. In addition, it is next door to a Whole Foods and CVS Pharmacy (great if you're traveling with children!). From this location, you can get about anywhere in the city within 10-15 minutes on the T. It is also walking distance to the Common and Quicy Market. The bathrooms are very small, but didn't bother us since we don't have a large family (who spends a lot of time in the bathroom anyway??). The room is what you'd expect from a recently renovated Holiday Inn - nothing spectacular, but very clean.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>trvl4fun2
<Content>Great Location Arrived early and asked for a room on the 10th floor(my friend smokes) also asked for a room that faced Blossom St..(suggestion from trip advisor review)Nothing was clean yet so we left our bags at the desk and took a cab to the aquarium and to do the duck tour.(cab fare $5.00)Back at the Hotel, check in was quick and courteous.The hotel was very clean and nice our room was also. The beds were comfy and the view was terrific.The city and the river at night wasgreat. We caught the trolley right around the corner from the hotel entrance. We rode the entire route to get an overview of the city, that and the tour guide's info helped us to decide where we would go and what to do. There is a CVS pharmacy and a Whole Foods just out the back of the hotel. All staff that we met were courteous and helpful. I would stay here again and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>TravelingJane33
<Content>Excellent Choice for a Business Trip Had an excellent stay at the Holiday Inn at Beacon Hill in Boston in April of 2008. I got a great rate thru Travelocity. I went for a business trip and arrived at the Hotel at 9 AM expecting to stash my suitcase, but the reception checked me in and gave me a room right away. The porter was very polite and made suggestions for things to do and see when the business part of my trip was over. The hotel is within walking distance of Quincy Market and the Train station at Government Center, which can take you to the airport. There is Whole Foods Market behind the hotel and Mass General Hospital next door. Great neighborhood. Will stay again!  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sc0ttTheD0t
<Content>Good Location, overpriced hotel All Boston hotels seem to be overpriced and the Holiday Inn is no exception. The room was clean but small , so small that the toilet door did not open fully as it banged into the toilet bowl. The furniture in the room was old and mismatching and some of it was damaged. Our front door looked like it had been kicked in at some point and fixed with some screws.The carpet in the lifts was filthy and did not give a good first impression. The staff seemed disinterested and the bar food was mediocre at best.The location is ideal though for wandering round the older parts of Boston. It is also right next to the hospital, meaning you will hear lots of ambulances throughout the day and night.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Katya_NY
<Content>Great location, good hotel We booked a room for 2 nights via Priceline and were very happily surprised. The location is key in Boston, and hotels are SUPER expensive mid week in the downtown area. We were happily surprised by this Holiday Inn! Great location to walk around town from.Suggestions:Parking is an issue in Boston- $32/day next door self parking- if you valet from the hotel, it is $36/day, and they pull your car into a narrow column behind actual parking spots. Definitely self park if you can!Whole Foods next door, as well as CVS and Au Bon Pain- and a bunch of nice little local places within walking distance.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Tyrone03
<Content>Good location and good price Booked the Holiday Inn through Hotwire for $75 a night - when we rang in advance and asked for a twin room they said they could not promise anything because we booked through a third party. When we arrived we did get a twin room - double beds - rooms are small, bathroom very small, but clean and great showers. Location is very good, 10 minute walk from Quincy Market and Boston Common and a few minutes away from the nearest red line stop which takes you to Harvard in 10 minutes. Staff are very friendly and helpful. There is also a great bar called Sevens just round the corner. All in all, you get more than what you pay for - it's not fancy but it's absolutely fine and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>duellema
<Content>Nice location ask for Blossom St. view We booked a room for three for one night through Hotwire, for less than $100, which is really a good deal. The room wasn't anything special, however the location and price made this a nice choice. Our room was on the third floor and faced the parking lot of Whole Foods, but we weren't staying in the room for much more than to sleep. It was nice to have a grocery so close.Having free internet was much appreciated and the location is close to the Charles MGH / Park St. red line stops on the T subway. Walking downtown takes approximately 10-15 minutes. The Beacon Hill neighborhood across the street from the hotel is very elegant and beautiful.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	-1	4	

<Author>DrewKnightWV
<Content>Not bad at all I don't mean to damn with faint praise -- we booked the Holiday Inn Beacon Hill for a very reasonable rate through Hotwire, and we were not at all disappointed. The location of the hotel is great -- convenient to Charles Street, Beacon Hill, and not far from the Common, Quincy Market, and downtown. We got lucky and found a legal street parking space at 6pm, so we were good for the night.Inside, the hotel is perfectly satisfactory. The facade is new, but a quick study and you get the program: recent facelift on 1970s property. This held true throughout our stay. The lobby is pleasant but small, with low ceilings. The elevators are older but have been face-lifted (they're still very slow, though). The hallways are fine -- dressed up but still narrow and low. And the room, which was comfortably appointed enough, feels like an older, smaller room with nicer finishes. The bathroom was, however, eensy -- which made the whole thing feel small for a family of four when it came time to get ready in the morning.A couple minor glitches in our particular room: The TV cable was out altogether, the wireless connection seemed to bounce randomly, and the beds (which were on the harder side of firm) weren't attached to the headboard, so if two people sat on the foot of the bed at once (we did, several times), the whole bed tips up alarmingly.Overall - a decent hotel for a good price -- conveniently located, satisfactory quality. You could do a lot worse in Boston. I am not sure you can do a lot better for the money.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>westindan
<Content>Worst Customer Service Ever Having stayed at this hotel before and needing something quick I decided to stay again, now read on for my horrible experience. I am a kidney donor for someone in Boston, I live in PIttsburgh. I had to be in Boston for final tissue typing and some other tests. Due to a flight cancellation I had to ride Greyhound to Boston. When I purchased my ticket the Greyhound ticket agent kept my drivers license and credit card. I did not realize this until I was on my way to Boston. I arrived in Boston at 450am. I had my blood tests completed and was tired and needed a room before my afternoon tests. I called Holiday Inn and advised them of my missing ID and that I was a Priority Club Gold member and needed a day room at the Beacon Hill property. They advised that should not be a problem but to call the hotel to book the room. I called the hotel and was told to come over because they do not book day rates over the phone. I took a cab to the hotel and Anna the front desk clerk asked, Do you have a reservation? I advised her I was told to come directly to the hotel. She then booked my room and was aware I was a gold member of Priority Club. She then asked for a credit card. I advised her of my problem with Greyhound. She took cash for the room, gave me my room keys and as I was walking away she said, Oh, I need your ID. I advised her that I did not have the drivers license, but did have an employment photo ID along with my voters registration card. She then said I could not check in without a Massachusetts drivers license. I advised her I do not live in Massachusetts. She then said I could not check in and refunded my money. I was outraged. I am submitting this report because I did pay my money, was given a key and then refused to be allowed to check into my room. I have stayed at this same hotel twice before within the past month. Please take my advice and do not book this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>pureyankee
<Content>Typical Holiday Inn Only stayed one night at this location using points. Rooms were clean, laundry room however was filthy. Service at breakfast was friendly and the food was good. Overall not a very memorable experience. Better values are available in Boston.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>ReallyEnjoyTraveling
<Content>Good staff, clean room This is a nice hotel in a terrific location. The front desk staff is extremely friendly and helpful. The internet access and fitness room are excellent. The restaurant is decent/good enough. There is a taxi stand right outside, and the T is about 5 blocks away. The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was a bit small.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Spence1980
<Content>Couldn't fall asleep... Overall not a bad place to stay in Boston... it's very central and within a quick walk to many places you would want to go in the city. The room and bed were clean and comfortable. My major complaint is that their modern style AC/heat system did not have a fan mode, and as someone who likes to have background noise in order to fall asleep, this was a problem for me and was the main reason I only got at most two hours of sleep the night I stayed here. I would not stay here again for this reason, however if you don't have the same requirement for background noise that I do, then it shouldn't be a problem for you. Also, you should be advised that part of this hotel is used as housing for college students. I don't believe they are housed on the same floors as normal hotel guests, however I found it hard trying to use the hotel's business centre because the college kids were always in there working on projects. I couldn't get onto a computer until my fourth of fifth visit down there.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Shell-TA
<Content>Holiday Inn Beacon HIll is a great location! We stayed at this hotel this past Veteran's Day weekend for three days and overall we were very pleased. The location just cannot be beat. We only took the T once because we were going somewhere out by Fenway. We attended a concert at TD Banknorth, which was about a 10-minute walk and very convenient. Fanueil Hall was a 15-minute walk. The staff at the hotel was very nice and accommodating. They did have a complimentary breakfast for limited items such as cereal, rolls  yogurt and if you want hot food, it was about $5/person. The only drawbacks I noticed were that the bathroom door hit the toilet if you tried to open it all the way which was a minor thing, but it was annoying. The only other thing that bothered me was that the doors to the rooms shut automatically and they slam when they shut so that unless you hold onto the door to close it, it just slams shut, which was very loud in the middle of the night and woke me up a couple times the first night we were there. The other people in my party were not bothered much by it, but I tend to be a light sleeper. The other nights seemed to be less crowded and the noise at night was not bad at all. Those things would not be enough to make me not want to stay there, though, as the rate we had and the location could not be beat. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>pnaw10
<Content>Good place, but find parking elsewhere       View from our 7th floor room  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lhs1
<Content>Not much to talk about Tired looking although its been renovated. Despite the appearance the bed was comfortable, linens and towels were fine and not much outside noise. I guess the big deal is the flat panel TV. Unfriendly staff in the restaurant.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>SteveBoston
<Content>Holiday Inn at Beacon Hill Nice hotel. Good location. Nice room. Pleasant staff. They changed to name from Government Center to Beacon Hill.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ElenaAP
<Content>You really can't ask for a better location.       View from our room.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>FamilyGuySeattle
<Content>Clean Room, Great Location Stayed for business August '07. The location is excellent, as you can easily walk to just about all of Boston's major attractions in 20 minutes or less. We found the front desk staff to be very cheerful and efficient when we checked in at 18:00 - they made a point to upgrade me to the Executive (12th) floor due to my Gold status with Priority Club. Not sure what makes this floor different from any other, as the only thing I could see was a room near the elevator that had been turned into a lounge, but really didn't have much in it. Never saw anyone there. The room was clean, but not really too big. As noted in other reviews of this hotel, the bathroom door did indeed scrape against the toilet, as he bathroom isn't too big. I've seen many older hotels with this same problem. I found the bed to be very comfortable. There is niose from the ambulances headed into the hospital around the corner, and from the Fire Station right across the street. Didn't gget a chance to try the complimentary breakfast buffet that came with my upgrade, as it didn't open until 6:30am, and we needed to be up and out the door headed to The Job by 6:00. Starbucks conveniently located right across the street, and they opened at 6:00. Also a CVS pharmacy and Whole Foods market directly behind the hotel - very convenient. 10-15 minute walk to the North End for great Italian food and of course Mike's Pastry!Parking was $4 per night cheaper if you parked yourself - which was in the same garage as the Valet used, as far as I can tell. Overall, no real complaints. The location is great, staff wee efficient, courteous and helpful, and we enjoyed our stay. Will be back.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Britgirls
<Content>Great hotel, great location We had a lovely two night stay here after a bad experience at a hotel in a more out of town location. The hotel is really well located - it's very central and you can walk pretty much everywhere. The hotel is good value for money, the rooms are quite big, and there is an outdoor pool, which is great for the Summer. We loved the Beacon Hill area, especially Charles Street which has lots of little shops and some really nice restaurants. We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	4	

<Author>momof3atl
<Content>Not for those used to luxury ok hotel. In great very safe area. I am a 20 something female and went walking at 10pmon a Thursday. I felt totally safe and there were plenty of people walking around. Not far from Faneuil Hall Market Place also known as Quincy Marketplace. We walked there also and it was a wonderful tourist friendly area with great shops and lots of restaurants. I should have checked this hotel on TripAvdisor first. They are currently adding 6MM worth of upgrades. I hope they start with the bathrooms. The door scrapes against the toilet because it is sooo small. I did not like that at all. The view was horrible. The room was average sized and clean. I paid $300 per night. Had I known better I would have stayed outside of the city,like in Chelsea and got a better hotel. I was there on business and was a little embarrassed to my roommate because we usually stay in nicer places. I did order room service both for dinner and breakfast and was pleasantly surprised. Had a delicious breakfast and the steak was great. The clam chowder was disappointing-I mean it is Boston, right? If I go to Boston I would stay somewhere nicer. However if I wanted a 3 star option, I wouldn't complain about staying here.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>3	1	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>mrshert
<Content>Clean , Comfortable  REALLY NICE...refurbished room, comfortable bed, granite bathroom, no complaints!! Really convenient to Beacon Hill, Government Center, Boston Common.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Wanzebra2
<Content>Good base for exploring Boston is quite a small city so this hotel is handy for most areas of interest. The hotel has recently completed a refurbishment. Our room was nice and clean with plenty of space although the furniture was obviously pre-refurb as it was scuffed and tatty. The hotel is located near to Mass General Hospital and although we heard no ambulance noise expect to meet relatives of patients in the hotel comparing spouse/family symptoms...Nice hotel, OK location, friendly staff and OK value for money.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>TorontoTim
<Content>Decent hotel in a good location This Holiday Inn Select was fine, although nothing special. We reserved a standard room and were upgraded to a room on the executive (12th) floor, because of my Priority Club membership. That got us what I would describe as a decent room, but again nothing particularly noteworthy. The view was nice, and everything in the room was clean and reasonably modern. There was no in-room safe, which was the only real flaw.There is an executive lounge on the 12th floor, although it really didn't seem to offer any benefit except a small microwave.Our room rate included a complimentary continental breakfast in the ground floor restaurant. We poked our nose in there on the first morning but the buffet looked fairly unappetizing so we went elsewhere.There was a notice posted in the elevator saying that the hotel is undergoing a five-month, very thorough, renovation. We saw no evidence of that, so it may be just beginning, or it may be on floors that we did not see, which is entirely possible. It does suggest, though, that if you're reserving a room, it would be wise to check and see to what extent that construction might affect your stay (i.e. noise, dust, etc.).All in all, a decent place, and no major complaints.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravelAways
<Content>Would stay again...at Hotwire rate! My best friend treated me for my birthday to an overnight in Boston!! I checked out the site and was stunned at the rates!! I was sooo glad she mentioned the sweet rate thru Hotwire she got. She booked it on a Tues. and we stayed the Saturday of the same week (last minute sweet deals do happen for Boston). We valet parked overnight for $36, typical fee for Boston hotel. The room had two doubles, and was comfortable for us. The funny thing was that the bathroom door kept getting stuck on the toliet. The sink/counter was nice and made of granite stone. The hotel was only a 15min walk to Faneuil Hall, perfect! (We felt comfortable walking in this area.) The hotel staff were very sweet and so accommodating. We even got a courteous call to make sure the room was okay. As we went out for the evening of fun, we needed a cab. The valet was so sweet, he left his station and ran down to the corner to get a cab for us. Also, I forgot a blouse in the closet, I called hotel and was promptly connected to Lost and Found. Housekeeping returned my call within the hour, they will mail it to me via UPS. I would definitely stay here again.....at Hotwire rate! ;-)  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kcz
<Content>What renovations? Boston is getting prohibitively expensive for a quick weekend getaway, so we were pleased to find a centrally located hotel for under $200 a night. Easy to get around to everything, hotel on premises convenient, staff was great. I thought the room was a little shabby, but knew they are undergoing rennovations so figured they just hadn't reached the 10th floor yet. Then my husband pointed out the display in the lobby of the new curtains, carpets, wallpaper, etc. and realized our room had already been redecorated! However, there were (small) holes in the wall, all of the wooden furniture was worn and scratched, and the security lock on the door was pulled away from the wood with the screws hanging out.For location and price, can't be beat - just don't expect too much from their rennovations.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>carinabramley
<Content>Great Location, clean, helpful, Top place to stay We stayed here in December 2005 to see in the new year, and found this hotel great.We arrived very quickly from the airport and found taxis quite cheap (there were 4 of us sharing).We were checked in fast and within 10mins of arriving at the hotel we were in our room and unpacking.The beds are comfortable, the space is big, and the bathrooms clean.We found no problems, except maybe the ice machine was dry on more than one occasion!It is close to all the local attractions, and by foot, so that ou dont have to pay out.The shops and chemist attached to the complex came in very handy, and i always fund them to be safe.Im not really toosure what else to write, just if you are expecting it to be the hilton, your wrong, but it certainly isnt one of the bad hotels, the staff are friendly and help out at no extra cost!I would definately reccommend this place to every sort of traveller.And the bagel place a few doors down is amazing!Feel free to contact me if you have any questions, i apologise i do not have photos, didnt have a digital camera back then!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Waltersabroad
<Content>Value for money, excellent service We usually stay at Embassy Suites, but decided to give the Holiday Inn a try since this hotel is within walking distance of every possible attraction in Boston. With magnificent views of the river and city and a great little restaurant/pub downstairs, the hotel is a must for visitors who want to save money on taxi fares or the dreaded fee when coming into the city via the tunnel.It is also located next door to the Charles River shopping centre where you can buy fresh, organic food as well as a pharmacy and both stays open until well after 10 pm. It is also safe. We walked from downtown Boston back to the hotel after 11pm and felt quite safe doing so.One point I have to raise though: The hotel is currently undergoing renovations. These tend to start at about 5 am and even on the 11th floor - we could hear the trucks reversing. This was rather annoying as it sounded like an alarm ringing - just the beeping of the trucks' warning system. However, you hardly notice the renovations inside the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RHolm
<Content>Good Choice for discount booking While I probably would not select this hotel if I was booking full price, I got a fair price on Hotwire and other guests mentioned Priceline at check-in. This is probably due to the complete renovation that is just being completed - so rates should go up after Apr 1 when they officially complete the work.Location was just a few blocks from the Red Line or Blue Line (airport) T stations with lots of restaurants in the area at the edge of Beacon Hill and Mass General Hospital. The plaza in the back has a CVS and Whole Foods Supermarket so it was easy to grab something to eat.An easy 10 min walk brought us to the center of Boston - so we ended up being very happy with the location...Bed was very firm, which I liked and linens were very nice. Desk was OK but not easy to see the TV, so I had to move things a bit... but business center for printing out boarding passes was great. Also, coin laundry available.Biggest negative is a 4pm check-in time.... but they managed to get me into a room by 3pm... but that is still pretty late...Overall a good stay...  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>TeaEarleGreyHot
<Content>Mediocre  I've stayed here twice, first in June '06, and again in Jan '07. While this review is specifically for the Jan '07 stay, both stays were comparable, Fri+Sat nights, and both were at a nightly rate of $55 via an opaque, prepaid, online booking service (I named my own price). The hotel's own website states:  Please note the hotel will be undergoing renovations from Nov. 1, 2006 until Mar. 30, 2007.My advice is: Do not pay rack rate here until after renovations are complete!On the upside, the room was well-furnished, with two double beds, attractive wall coverings, TV, ironing board and steam iron, free wireless  wired internet (more important than TV!), a small desk, and adequate lighting. There were nice soaps and shampoo/conditioner/lotion in the bathroom, along with clean towels, washcloths, and a coffee maker. As noted by others, the elevators were functional and fast. Climate control in the room was adequate. I also appreciated ceramic coffee mugs and glass tumblers (rather than plastic). And there was a sliding-door closet, with hangars and plenty of storage for luggage, etc. I was annoyed that there was not a luggage rack, however.On the downside... the bathroom ceiling was absolutely filthy with mould and peeling plaster, the grout was mouldy, and the floors stained. I'll stop there, because as noted by the many flyers, the hotel is undergoing renovations to replace all guest bathrooms from the studs out. The worn carpeting and shabby draperies are also set to be replaced. I can only hope that the hard and uncomfortable mattresses will be replaced too. As noted by others, the rooms facing the hospital do experience sirens and road noise all night long, and I don't think the renovations will fix that. And renovating the tiny bathrooms won't make them any larger.I had little interaction with the desk clerk; however, I was pleased that my advance phone call at 10 PM the day of check in was sufficient for them to hold my room until my very late arrival of 12:30 AM. (Prepaid bookings are sometimes cancelled with no refund if you don't check in before midnight of the arrival date. Fortunately that did not happen to me.)Aside from the items noted above which will be rectified by renovations, my stay was satsifactory, and the price was terrific. The outdoor pool was closed. Others seemed to be enjoying the restaurant, though I ate elsewhere. There isn't a lot of late-night dining in the immediate vicinity of the hotel, other than a pizzeria. There seemed to be a security guard out-and-about, so I always felt safe. Yes, there is a Red Line T subway station about two blocks away; the hotel has no self-parking and the adjacent garage charges $36/day with no in/out. (So if you're going to park, use the hotel's valet parking, which is the same price but allows in/out). There is no on-street parking available. I would stay at this hotel again, though I'd really want to find a cheaper parking option. I'm sure that after the renovations, this will be a much more attractive property.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	3	4	4	

<Author>JohnUSNSD
<Content>Centrally Located OK....First off, it is noisy on the rooms that face the street (Fire Station across the street and hospital around the corner)...so, there are sirens. BUT, for the price, you can live with the noise. I stayed during the July 4th weekend in 2006, and, the location was PERFECT! I walked everywhere, or took the T (two stations nearby). Staff extremely friendly and accomodating. Rooms, for the price and for Boston, were very spacious and well taken care of. Numerous elevators, so never really had to wait. Breakfast was sufficent.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gottagosomewhere
<Content>Room is quite nice for a Holiday Inn but could easily hear people next door Room:Room was nice for a Holiday Inn but I could hear the people next door easily as if they were in the same room as I. The good thing was that they weren't party types. Luckily, on my 2nd and 3rd night there was no one next door which meant I was able to have no voices going through the wall.A few doors down some rowdy college kids were having their room parties and I would imagine that the people next door would have been quite annoyed. Food:The food from the restaurant was bland and avoided it later by going to Au Bon Pain (sandwiches I thought were decent and a cheaper alternative) which is located very nearby. Price:I paid about $150 a night including tax but later saw that the Hilton had a deal which wasn't much more expensive than what I had paid. Next time if I were going to split the cost of the room I would definitely not hesitate to stay at the Hilton or another similar hotel if there was a deal to be had. Good things about this Holiday Inn: Staff are very nice, location is good and the room/furniture were nice for a Holiday Inn.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ezpass
<Content>medium we just walked in for 2 nights stay. the stuff was friendly, efficient and cooperative. nice place, quite basic though. we paid $270 per night, including taxes and valet parking. for this price we expected a little bit more. i would come again but for lower price.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>VegTrav
<Content>I know that we can't complain because we booked on Hotwire, but ... The front desk night manager who checked us in was friendly, but when a couple arrives for check-in and you realize you've put them into a room with two double beds, it would be nice to acknowledge that before they go upstairs - whether or not you can do them the courtesy of moving to a room with a larger bed. If the hotel hadn't been charging over $350.00 for the room (worth half of that), we would have booked directly through them. It was disheartening to spend three nights in seperate beds which we've never had to do before. As it was, we still paid a lot through Hotwire. It felt a little like we were punished for booking through Hotwire and they have been made aware.Other than this, service was very good and the proximity to Whole Foods, which was outside our window, was FANTASTIC. It's the best Whole Foods I've been to - shames the San Diego stores. Pros: Clean Room, Good shower, Friendly front desk staff, Quiet location, Whole Foods is in the back parking lot, Cabs readily available, fairly central locationCons: Hard Beds - my husband really didn't sleep the three nights we were there. Broken Shower - switch to turn from bath to shower wasn't attached to anything. Housekeeping had it fixed in 35 minutes. The gentleman that came up was friendly and professional. We were late for an appointment because of this, however. Seems like this should have been noted prior to our arrival.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>pmonachina
<Content>Great location!! Stayed here in August. Within walking distance to everywhere especially the North End. Quality restaurants are nearby also. The hotel staff was very helpful and friendly. The rooms were very clean and the bed comfortable. Great place to stay if your have someone at Mass General Hospital- it is a block away. I will stay there again on my next trip to Boston!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sentry4500
<Content>Good hotel but with problems Good location. Whole foods and Au bon pain right around the corner. Rooms were OK, though bathroom was patched up with wood panels (looked real ugly), and a mirror attached to the shower was broken and limp. I'd say a good deal if you pay around $100. If you pay the $200 posted on their website, I'd say you're better off at the Omni or some other chains.The service really needs to be worked on. After check in, got a call from the front desk if I needed anything (nice touch). I said yes, toothpaste and a wine opener. They said they'll bring it right up. over an hour later, nothing. Called again, nothing. Called again, said it was 3rd time calling, and that if the wine opener isn't available, just let me know and I'll go out and buy one or something. Again an hour passes nothing. Finally called for the 4th time and the housekeeping comes with the toothpaste, has no idea about the wine opener, finally am told later that wine openers are not available and had to go down to the bar to get it opened.Wine openers aren't available, and I understand that, but all in all it took over 4 hours and 4 phone calls to get a tube of toothpaste up to my room. DEFINITELY could use better management and a lesson in service.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>Kinnereth
<Content>Best price in Boston for a 3-star I stayed on a Friday in June with a hotel full of other Red Sox fans; fun! Note, however, that the hotel is NOT within walking distance to Fenway Park unless you're up for a two-mile walk; cabs are plentiful, or the subway is very convenient to both the hotel and the ballpark. There are other hotels much more convenient to Fenway, but the price is insane, $300 a night and up. Book on the Holiday Inn website for good prices, detailed description of the options, and Priority Club points. When I checked in, I got a surprise upgrade to the executive floor as a Priority Club member! Very nice room. Spacious and very clean.This hotel was safe, clean, and quiet; as noted, most guests this date were families in town for a Red Sox game. (Looks like it's mostly a business hotel during the week; Mass Gen Hospital is right next door.) Jimmy at the front desk is great. The hotel is in a city neighborhood, but not a bad neighborhood. Plenty of amenities within a block; Starbucks of course, CVS (drugstore), Whole Foods Market, White Hen Pantry (like a 7-11) I went to Pizzetta Pizzeria right across the street that had great pizza and calzones for a post-game snack. It was full of locals, always a good sign. The sign said it was open until 3 a.m. on weekends! Hotel does have an outdoor pool, which I didn't check out but looked good through the window.Great location convenient to most of what Boston has to offer, clean and well-run, and cheaper than the comparable chains. Only warning: stay away from the hotel restaurant. Breakfast from the buffet was so cold that it was inedible.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Megala
<Content>Great Location, Great for Family We stayed at this hotel August 2006. I looked and looked through tripadvisor to try and find a hotel for my family which includes 2 kids 6 and 8 years old. This hotel was by far lower in price than the other Boston hotels and is in a great location. It is in a safe location, close to the subway (which is wonderful) and about a 10 min. walk to the marketplace and Fanieull Hall. The hotel itself is older so the rooms were not real updated and the bathroom did have some mold on the ceiling however the beds and everything else was clean and well taken care of. The pool is outside and a decent size with lifeguard. It has a 1 foot side then goes 5 to 9 foot. If you ask for a higher floor you can see some of the Charles River. We really didn't stay in hotel that long except for night because we were on the move constantly. The hotel restaurant was pricey but a dunkin doughnuts is nearby. I do recommend doing a duck tour first if it's your first time. This way you can figure out what all you want to take a closer look at.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dec-ben
<Content>Great location, average hotel, friendly My husband and I stayed here with our three year old. We were relocating to Boston and had to stay in a hotel for 4 nights until our apartment was ready. We were originally meant to stay at the Bulfinch hotel around the corner, but took one look at the tiny room and said no way! The holiday Inn is in a very good location for seeing Boston. The subway is close by, Government center and Fanueill Hall are all walking distance away. There are great restaurants across the street and Boston Common is a short walk away. The hotel is beside MGH and some families and patients stay at the hotel during their treatment. Our room was on the executive floor. The room had a kingsize bed which was comfortable and we had a roll away for our 3 year old.The room was clean with a small bathroom and a fridge in the bedroom. No safe in the room but free internet access. There is a free safe deposit box at reception if you need it. Our room overlooked the car park for Whole Foods and CVS pharmacy which meant we had no street noise. There is a back entrance to the hotel which meant access to the supermarket was very quick and easy. Our rate included breakfast which was pretty good every morning. Our three year old ate free for breakfast. The staff were very friendly and helpful a real asset to the hotel. We never had lunch or dinner there as there were so many good restaurants in the area. I would not recommend breakfast in the executive room. The room is very small and breakfast was only really muffins tea, coffee and juice, better to go to the main restaurant and have more choice.There was a heated outdoor pool with lifeguard which we used a lot. There seemed to be a lot of chlorine in the pool and our 3 year old always had very red eyes after swimming there. The pool was quite deep 4ft-9ft, but life guard was always there. The fitness center was small but adequate. There is also a coin operated washing machine and dryer in the hotel for $1 a machine use. All in all a good place to stay, basic rooms, nice staff, great location.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JHROrange
<Content>Good location and price       Charles River  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BMichal
<Content>Nice hotel My family and I just returned from a stay. We stayed in the executive section and had a nice, small room with a king sized bed. Good for a couple and a small daughter. The staff was excellent. We were greated by everyone and although we arrived early and our room was not ready, we were allowed to leave our baggage so that we could go around the city. The food was fine. The breakfast buffet was pretty good. My picky daughter ate 2 full plates of food. The hotel was in walking distance to everything; Quincy Market and the TD Banknorth Center. Walking distance that a five year old could certainly handle. We booked directly through Holiday Inn, and couldn't have been easier.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jake36
<Content>could do wit refurbishment Stayed here for 5 nights in July. The location is superb within walking disance of downtown Boston.. the front desk staff were very nice and obliging as were the bell boys and other staff. (Except the male bartender who seemed to be in charge of the bar.) No conversation out of him at all, and he always looked as if he wanted to be somewhere else, and the amazing thing was he wore a green bade saying he was here to help)in fact the bar itself wasnt great, very dead and no more than three people ever in it,, and they close at 11 pm sharp.The rooms were not to bad considering that the hotel corridors were very dark and dreary. this place definetely needs a lick of paint and new carpets and furniture.There is great bar across the road on Cambridge street , (think its called he Hill) which is lively and they also serve good food which is reasonably priced.Overall I was disappointed in the standard of decor in the Holiday Inn, and while it was reasonaly clean, it doesnt come up to the same standards as other hotels I have stayed in in this chain of hotels.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>sacharama
<Content>Surprisingly Good My husband and I just returned from a weekend in Boston. Our stay at the Holiday Inn Govt Center was a pleasant surprise. It's located close to Charles St (lots of antique shops) and 2 or 3 blocks from the Govt Center T stop. Also right next door to a Whole Foods, which really came in handy. The room itself was small but more than adequate, with a fridge, a view of the Charles River, and most importantly, a bed with cotton linens and good pillows. Another review mentioned sirens but even tho the hotel is near Mass General, we never heard an ambulance, just the very occasional police siren. The room was quiet. I rarely sleep well in hotels but slept great here. The staff was helpful and friendly. Due to the high cost of parking ($36 per day- our only complaint) we parked outside the city and took the T in. We booked this on Priceline for $125 a night- a bargain.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>cheryl4books
<Content>Great Location We stayed for 3 days for pleasure with our kids and loved the location. Within short walking distance to everything. We only used the subway to get to Fenway park and Harvard, otherwise we walked. We also used the water taxi from the USS Constitution back to the Faneuil Hall Marketplace area for only $1.50. There is a bakery on the corner and a Starbucks across the street from the hotel. There is also a Whole Foods market and a CVS pharmacy right out the back doors of the hotel. I would recommend requesting a high floor (10 and up) facing Blossom street which gives you a nice view of the Charles river. Staff was great and very helpful!! We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gizm0sm0m
<Content>Enjoyable Stay The hotel itself I thought was average, but the staff were outstanding, the location was very good and the room was quiet. Each night the rooms around us were full and I rarely heard my neighbors. Beds were a bit hard though.One morning we came down for breakfast in the restaurant and the hostess was busy but another hotel employee saw us waiting to be seated and promptly showed us a table and brought us menus even though it clearly wasn't his job to do so. That is the type of service we received from all of the staff and it is what made out stay above average.We took the T between the Airport and the Hotel. On the way in we took the Silver Line to the South Station, transferring to the Red Line to the Charles/MGH Station and on the way back to the airport we took the Blue Line from Government Centre to the Airport Station and caught the Airport Shuttle. Either way is quick and efficient and at $1.25 you can't go wrong.This hotel has a nice patio on the 2nd floor with an outdoor pool and a guest laundry room with a couple of coin-operated washers and dryers.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hotel and great Location A reall nice hotel - lovely rooms and great service. Couldn't be faulted.Really quiet but just a 5 minute walk from the centre of town. oN cambridge Street there is a basic cafe bbut serves great breakfasts - avoid the Italian next to it on the corner though - overpriced and overcooked. Hotel is also handy as there is a little shopping centre just behind. Enjoy your stay we didPS: THESE NO NEED TO USE THE SUBWAY - EVERYWHERE IS WITHIN A 10 MINUTE WALK  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay and value Enjoyed my stay at the Holiday Inn Select! Traveling with friends on pleasure in early April. The staff was very friendly and helpfull, rooms were clean, updated and well kept. The hallways and hotel lobby area, and bar were also clean, updated and well kept. Location was good, easy to get around and taxi's from the hotel to other tourist hotspots were reasonable. Highly recommend this quiet, clean hotel!  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nursespark
<Content>A good hotel We stayed at the Holiday Inn Select on Blossom Street for four nights this past very rainy weekend. The hotel is located in a safe area near Massachusetts General Hospital. Some of the guests seem to be patients and their families. The hotel and room were nice, very clean, and the staff was pleasant. This hotel is within a 15-minute walk of the Museum of Science in one direction and a 15-minute to government center and the North End (with all of the great Italian Restaurants). There is a small lobby and a restaurant onsite. I did not eat at the restaurant since Boston has so many fabulous restaurants. My only complaint was at $36 per day, parking was expensive. The hotel is close to the T (the subway trains). We went all over the city using the subway, which is easy to use. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. This was a celebration weekend for my daughter who was graduating from Boston University. Over the weekend, we ate at three great restaurants. These three great restaurants were Carmen (Italian.) on North Street in the North End (a small place that was very romantic with excellent food), Bob Southern Bistro on Columbus Ave in the South End (Soul food with great friendly service with good ribs, excellent jambalaya, excellent corn muffins and other southern food). Bob Southern Bistro has live Jazz that was good but a bit noisy since we were two tables up from the stage. (Next time, I will ask for a table closer to the door). It was a good place for a big group and the prices here are very reasonable. There was a $ 5 per person cover charge added for the Jazz. Our big, special dinner was at the Elephant Wok on Beacon Street in Alston. This restaurant was amazing, there were several big groups of 10-14 people (all of the graduates and their families) that the restaurant was serving and they managed to give excellent service. The food is upscale Cambodian and French. The food was excellent.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MaxHuber
<Content>OK, but not more... In general, this hotel is OK - the price is not bad (though the rooms are not really big), but the service was, well, average.If you wanted something out of the standard procedure, they were very confused. E.g., I had forgotten a shaver and phoned the reception whether they had a replacement. The lady taking my call reacted almost as if she was overwhelmed by my request but promised to look into it. About 20 minutes (!) later, my shaver arrived.Also, our rate included a continental breakfast, with an emphasis on a. We were two people, AND we had asked in the evening whether we would get breakfast in the morning, which was affirmed cheerfully. However, in the morning we were informed that we would get only one (!) breakfast. Which is fine, if that's the rate, but rather annoying and it added to the overall picture of a slightly disoriented and ill-led staff.But, on the other hand, the location is great, the rooms are nice, the bathroom is clean and well equipped, so overall it is an OK hotel.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Buckie112
<Content>Very nice hotel I enjoyed my visit to this hotel in july 2004. It was my first visit to the US and if I ever go back to Boston, it is likely that it will be this hotel.Breakfast was of good quality, rooms were spacious and very clean. I found that the reception desk was very friendly and helpfull. There was one guy at the reception that never seemed to stop smiling, and was always especially helpfull in my opinion.The hotel has a very nice location, by which I mean u can easily get everywhere starting from this hotel. There is a metro stop very nearby. However, it is located on a busy road and there is a fire station right across the street and Massachusets General Hospital is just one block away. So you will have some traffic noise and sirens of ambulances and the FD. I have no problem with that, but if you're a difficult sleeper you might want to consider a room that's not on the street side.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kind of Shady, but overall Okay We got an amazing deal on Hotwire, a room on a Saturday night for $69 at the Holiday Inn Select. Since we got such a great deal I can't really complain but I can say the parking is expensive $36 overnight and the valet is NOT friendly. When we checked in there was a huge group of high school kids waiting for the elevator hooting and hollering and I was praying we were not next to them! Luckily we weren't. Our room was pretty average sized, seemed clean, although the hotel itself is kind of grubby.If you get a great deal go for it, otherwise I am sure there are nicer places. It is not in a touristy area, and you need to take a cab to get to any good restaurants or bars. Our room overlooked an old parking lot and the vending machines were almost empty when I went looking for a snack. We stood outside in the rain waiting for a cab while the valet ignored us until I went over and asked if cabs were in the area, he did help flag one down....  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, not too bad. This hotel is located near Massachusetts General Hospital, and is a few blocks away from a subway stop. The staff were very friendly and accomodating at check in and check out. The elevators were fairly quick in getting you to your floor. The rooms themselves were adaquate. However, we could here people taking and the television in the room next door, so the sound proofing was not totally perfect. The furnishing were a little bit worn, but not totally broken down. The king bed room was decent size, but the bathroom was really small. There was a good size closet for hanging clothes, a writing desk and a chair with duvet. Overall, not a bad place to rest your head, but certainly not a first class hotel. It proably deserves it's current star rating.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ghostwriter_min
<Content>wonderful time Had 3 great nights at the HI Select in Boston. Staff at check-in was quite friendly. Booked through easyclicktravel and got the requested 2-bed-room. Was expecting 2 doubles, but when I mentioned my Priority Club No., we got upgraded to the Priority Club floor with 2 queens in the room. The guy at the check-in even gave us coupons for free continental breakfast every morning - really nice!The rooms had a good size, were cozy and absolutely clean!If you don`t mind a little walking you barely have to use the T. Faneuil Hall, Downtown, North End, TD Banknorth Garden, the Freedom Trail and much more are in walking distance. But there are also 2 T-Stations close by!Overall we had 3 great days in Boston and the HI Select Government Center!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>karenanne
<Content>great hotel good location Having read some of the reviews on this hotel after we booked our holiday we visited it with a little concern. We need not have worried the rooms were spotless clean, the staff most pleasant and helpful and the location was good. the restaurant was a little pricey but nice, but a better idea for breakfast is to cross the road to a little Italian cafe which serves first class meals and sandwiches. Our only concern was the trolley tour booked in the hotel we paid $30 dollars a head (there were six of us)we found it to be a complete waste of money there is a lot of construcion work going on in and around Boston at this time and we felt that the tour was like a busmans holiday for one of our party who works in the construction industry, my advice would be to get out and walk you soon find your bearings and you miss out most of the ongoing work. One bit of advice take the time to visit Salem a great day out very historical and interesting use the public transport very easy and a fraction of the price of an arranged tour, while there visit REDS cafe just down from the trolley stop easily has to be the best food and value for money in Massachuettes.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>siouxzy
<Content>Decent but not the best We stayed at The Holiday Inn Select Boston Government Center Sept 3-6, 2005 while on a mini vacation, we paid $98 a night through Priceline which was a good deal for Boston. However, if you're driving to Boston beware: hotel parking is an additional $35 per night  if you're using Priceline you don't find out about this until after your Priceline reservation is complete. After learning this, we modified our travel plans  decided not to drive our own car to Boston, thus saving us $105 in hotel parking fees. The front desk staff could use a refresher course in customer service, when I requested 2 double beds upon check-in (there were 4 of us staying) I was told that only king sized beds were available (this seems to be a common theme when booking through Priceline so if you have more then 2 in your party I would NOT recommend using Priceline). I nicely requested a cot  was told that one would be sent one to our room, after 30 minutes the cot still hadn't arrived so on our way out to dinner I stopped by the front desk to check on the cot. This time I was snidely told by a different front desk rep that a cot could be sent to our room but it will cost an additional $20 per night! Since we needed a cot I said fine  continued on to dinner feeling very disappointed that Holiday Inn would charge an additional $20 a night to provide their guests with a cot, as they are complimentary in most hotels (I was just glad that we decided not to drive our own car because $35 for parking plus $20 for a cot would have added an extra $55 a night to our bill - we could have stayed at a better hotel for that price!). Aside from my poor customer service experience, I found the hotel to meet our needs. The room was a nice size  clean, complimentary high speed internet access is available in the room if you have a laptop. The location is decent but its in the Financial District which caters more towards business people, then tourists so you'll have to walk about a mile or so to get to any attractions /subway stops. I probably wouldn't recommend staying at this hotel due to the location but other then that it was fine. On our last day, when I went to check out, I was surprised to find that there actually was no additional $20 a night charge for the cot, it was complimentary. I guess the front desk rep was just in a foul mood  wanted to try  put a damper other people's fun.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>anonima
<Content>It's ok, very good location The bathroom is very good, the shower is fantastic and there are lots of amenities. However the rooms are old, they are very big and clean, but need some renovation.There were works outside, and it was very noise.The location is great  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>7225
<Content>Only if you can get a great price We just spent 4 nights at the Holiday Inn select...good location, although a little walk to the subway [about 1/2 mile], but across the street from Beacon Hill, and could walk to Fanuiel Hall in 10 minutes...actually walked from the waterfront to hotel in about 30 minutes.The hotel lobby was small, non descript. Staff helpful, but seemed disinterested. The Beantown Trolley, the hop off and on tour bus, stopped just outside the hotel, very convienent. The restaurant was way overpriced [tuna sandwich for $10], and but a few places nearby. There was a sandwich place, chinese restaurant, middle east and of course starbucks across the street, and a local grocery store. The area is a little run down, and with TWO liquor stores nearby, some unsavory characters milling about.The room was large for hotel standards, and the housekeeping was excellent, but there was a large painting missing from over the bed, complete with hanging screws. The room was quiet, the bed comfortable, great a/c, bathroom on the small side. The outdoor pool on the second floor was nice, plently of towels and chairs, and opened to 9pm...nice for a dip after a long day of walking boston.We did not spend much time in the room itself, and for the hotwire price of $86 a night [vs the usual price of $175], it was a bargain. Do not think we would pay full price, though. I would only recommend it only if you can get it deeply discounted, as it is only very ordinary, nothing special.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very basic-no frills-great location my husband and I just got back from a short trip from Boston. This hotel was very simple, no frills, exactly what I expected. They were very nice at the front desk and upgraded our room. The hotel had a strong smell of cigarettes and the halls were very, very warm. We cranked our A/C so it was just fine. The hotel's pool is great-nice and big!The best advice I can tell you if you are searching for a hotel for your first visit to Boston-this is a great idea! So close to everything. A short walk to North End-our favorite place. Also it is one of the stops on the trolley tours so it really works out nice... especially after many days of walking! Go check out the public transportation. The T stop is only one block away and it can take you everywhere for 1.25 each way-the airport, Harvard, Fenway, and more.We loved Boston-this hotel is super for people on a budget-we decided to spend more of our money on shopping, events, and dining-so it was perfect.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>dickling
<Content>Check your credit card charges We chose the hotel for its proximity to tourist attractions, and it was fine in this regard, only a short walking distance to the sites. The fist night we were put in a room next to a parking lot where workers on the lot woke us up earlier than we wanted, so we requested and got a better room. Overall, the service was okay, the rooms acceptable. But when we got our credit card bill, there were five unwarranted charges. I phoned the hotel and got the account manager, who promptly and couteously revoked the chargers. It seems also from other reviews that accounting at this hotel is suspect. Check yours when you get the bill.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jlc519
<Content>Nice location We stayed at the Holiday Inn-Government Center on June 18, 2005 when we went up for a Red Sox game. We got the hotel on Hotwire, so we weren't sure where we would end up but I've had good luck with 3 star hotels on priceline and for $87 a night it was just what were we looking for. I have noticed prices for hotels have increased significantly in Boston over the past two years so this was a good deal. The hotel was about 2-3 blocks from Government Center and Fanueil Hall. There are definitely closer hotels, but it was still a nice location and if you don't mind walking a little bit the T stops aren't far. The room it self was nice, we were able to check in 2 hours earlier than the stated arrival time and got a King Size bed on the 10th floor, which said it was a preferred level but we didn't do anything extra to get that. Probably just that we got there early and it was available. Parking, like everywhere in Boston, was an additional $32 for the day. You can skip the valet and park right in the garage, which is attached to the hotel and there was plenty of parking on the first level. I had no complaints and would be happy to stay there again if the price was right.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hod1
<Content>Good location Myself and my wife stayed here between June 20th and June 23rd. I thought this hotel was like any other chain hotel nothing to fancy just some where to lay your head. We paid 138 british pounds for three nights which is very reasonable, this was booked through click4hotel[-] back in March. The hotel was in a good location with everything you wanted to see was close. I would stay here again if i could get a rate near to what i paid, i would not stay if i had to pay the rate on the Holiday Inn website.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>FrankTheTraveler
<Content>Billing and Staff Problems Just like the last reviewers, they sent me a bill on the last day of my trip. I had to get down to reception to sort it out at 6:30am. Unfortunately the staff was not accomodating; he asked for a recipt to prove my case and he wouldn't believe me that their system had the booking and payment information when I checked in. HE WAS TRYING TO GET ME TO DO THE WORK! I resisted and eventually he fixed the problem. Yet he would not admit that there was a problem with their system! What an attitude! I wasted half an hour of my sleeping time and started my day baddddly!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Salprawn
<Content>Disappointing! Like the previous reviewer, we too, had problems with the billing at this hotel. On the last morning we received our bill through the door to the tune of 330 dollars! Seeing as how we had already paid for the hotel room we were not impressed at all. We had also made some toll free calls after checking in the in-room book that these were free, these had been charged at 50 cents each. We did manage to sort it out but it was hassle we could have done without.Apart from that, room was ok, blanket under bedspread was old and seemed to have gone through a very hot tumble dryer making it scratchy and solid in places! The decor was outdated and rundown and worst thing of all, after checking in, my husband found a mouldy salad in a takeaway container in the wardrobe! Hmm, hardly a good recommendation for the housekeeping staff.I am normally a fan of Holiday Inns but this one was completely below par. The 'Select' title it gives itself could mean anything but certainly not anything positive. Don't stay here unless you find a great deal on the internet that makes this a cheap place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Kimmer1
<Content>Disappointing We stayed in this hotel on June 2-3, 2005 and found it to be lacking. We thought that for the area and the price, that the hotel would have been of better quality than it turned out to be. We checked in around 10:00 at night for a two night stay (at the supposed rate of $161/night after a corporate discount). In the morning we received our bill for check out. Since we were NOT checking out, we had to deal with this problem. The next morning we received the bill for the two nights, but the second night did not reflect the discount. So....again we had to deal with the hassle of straightening this out. Our total cost for the 2 night stay was $364.24 (after taxes, etc.). However, you must factor in the cost of parking which they don't provide free for guests, but rather direct you to a private parking lot next door. The cost for just parking alone cost us $64! I don't know if this is usual for around this area, but we are not used to having to pay for hotel parking.....much less $64! Anyway, the room was ok. Supposedly it had free intenet access, but it did not work. Their ethernet cord may have had a problem but we were too tired to even deal with it at this point. We usually travel with our laptop and never have trouble connecting immediately. The two double beds we had in our room were not the most comfortable, and the bedspread was rather disgusting (it smelled and was pilling). On top of that, I was wondering why I was itching in the morning and had some red marks on my arm.....turns out there were bed bugs! We looked and actually found and killed two bugs that we could see. I basically slept on top of the bedding and we got out of there as quickly as possible. We were in a hurry and just wanted to get out and on with our trip. We didn't say anything about the bed bugs to the staff, but I may end up writing a letter. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone. I would have given this hotel one star, but I would have to say that unfortunately I have stayed in even worse.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>GypsyGirl21
<Content>Good location, no Frills Spent one night here last weekend after booking through Hotwire for $77 so we got what we paid for. The lobby is pretty plain and smelled a little fishy when we arrived, but that may have been due to what they were cooking in the restaurant. I stayed in Room #1018 and overlooked a parking lot and although there is some construction going on close to the hotel, I didn't hear a thing. The room was very standard, although the bathroom was pretty small and definitley needs upgrading. Ended up in a smoking room and as I'm not a smoker, this wasn't too pleasant but still, not the end of the world.A short walk to Charles Street (try the Paramount for Brunch!!), Quincy Market and easy access to Beacon Hill area are good reasons to stay here. Unfortunately, I had to transfer to a Hotel in Cambridge for the remainder of the trip which was not ideal for acitivities in Central Boston! Lastly, the cab ride from the airport to the Holiday Inn was $26US.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>socoman74
<Content>Ordinary and serviceable This Holiday Inn Select is hardly the jewel of the chain or even in the top tier of downtown Boston hotels. Rooms were clean, service was fine (except for an 8:00 a.m. Sunday knock from housekeeping seeing if we wanted our room cleaned), but the lobby, restaurant and lounge were about as interesting and busy as Nowheresville, Idaho. The hotel is a good walk (almost a mile) from most of the tourist areas and the 30 dollar daily parking fee was unfortunately a necessity because of the dearth of parking in Boston. I guess for the price it was fine. Hardly a ringing endorsement.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bergind
<Content>Great night in the city We enjoyed our stay and the staff was excellent!We have been into the city for day trips but this was our first overnight excurison. The room was nice and the location perfect. I cannot say enough good thingsWhen you read these reviews please remember Boston is an old town and is under constant construction to only better itself for us to visit. We did not have a problem sleeping actually we were up at seven on Saturday and off for a nice walk to the aquarium, not too far but you can ride the T if you like. For us it was a nice walk as we have been house bound due to the rain for about 2 weeks.Definately will stay here again.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thebabs
<Content>Excellent Boston digs I absolutely would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Boston and will not hesitate to return the next time I'm back in town.Using my Priority Club points, I was treated to a huge junior suite, complete with minifridge, microwave, walkin closet and large table (almost a mini-conference table).The room was well-appointed and clean, as was the bathroom. Couldn't ask for more.The lobby is clean and classy, albeit small (but who spends time in the lobby?). We had the breakfast buffet in the downstairs restaurant, which was fine.The location is outstanding in a reasonably quiet area at the foot of Beacon Hill. It's a bit of a hike to the main tourist areas closer to the harbor, but at least three subway stations (Government Center and Bowdoin on the Blue line, and another on the red line) are within a shorter walk, and a train can take you to the sights for $1.25. We were here graduation weekend and it, like every other hotel in town, was jammed (overbooked, actually). I believe we had some of the best accommodations in town.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best trip in years! It was our yearly trip,  just for the girls, and this year our destination was Boston. What a great city! We took in all we could in our five day stay and ate some of the best food ever. What made our trip even more enjoyable was the staff at Holiday Inn Select. We have never stayed anywhere and been treated better. We are already planning a return trip and we will be staying with them!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sandollar
<Content>A Great First Visit to Boston We stayed at this hotel for a week for the marathon and holiday. Excellent value for money and really close to lots of places to visit. Our room was on the 4th floor overlooking the main entrance and street noise was not a problem. However the air con/heating unit was noisy and we had to switch it off at night in order to sleep. Our room was kept clean and well stocked with towels and toileteries and we especially liked the coffee maker after a long day out on the town. We ate at a lebanese? restaurant just across the road where the kebabs and salads were delicious. Most mornings we walked to Charles St for breakfast at a pastry shop. Best of all the hotel was only 10 mins walk from the T which took us to the airport in less than 30 mins. I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>carolann
<Content>Nice hotel, good location I just returned from my fave city and stayed at the Holiday Inn Select. This is the first time I've stayed there and had reservations as I'd read reviews on this hotel before I went. It's in a good location, pretty much close to everything. The deal I got was great and the room was very spacious and comfortable. I'd read that there was alot of noise, and whilst you are close to MGH and a fire station, and yes, you can hear sirens, I didn't find it particularly noisy. The staff were pleasant enough and whilst I didn't think the restaurant offered a very good range of meals, consequently I didn't eat there, but there are a ton of places close by. I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, never a bad stay, a little pricy. I have stayed on several ocasions while attending events at the Fleet Center. The hotel is a little expensive, but it makes up for the cost by saving on cab fare and time. Easy 12 minute walk to the Fleet Center and North Station. 1/2 hour walk to Fanuel Hall and Aquarium. Rooms allways clean and quiet. Quiet section of town as far as night life goes, but that's OK. There is a fire station nearby that was loud on ocassion and morning traffic is a little busy. The staff is great, rooms are clean and quiet. A little expensive, but makes up for the cost by being a quality stay.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Audreybella
<Content>It's ok. I am a little indifferent about this hotel. I think the elevators are so damn slow and there are 4 of them but still slow as molasses. IF you miss one, good luck!! The staff could be a little friendlier. I must agree with other reviews that it is quite noisy.The best thing is the LOCATION!!!!!Based on the location I would stay here again and at a BETTER RATE.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MG92
<Content>eh... The hotel was ok. It was located in a decent area; however, the noise from the construction was bad- started at 645 am. Additionally, the fees are outrageous- parking is 36/day, breakfast is 12.95. The staff was friendly but the room had paper thin walls and the bathroom was in need of repair. I wouldnt suggest staying here unless you use priceline (like we did) and pay 65/night (that was the only good thing!!!). Overall, a great deal if you use priceline; however, I would suggest that you DONT spend full price- stay at the Omni Parker House instead!!!  
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient location, good value I stayed at this Holiday Inn in October and found it to be a good value and location. The hotel is within 2 blocks of the Charles St. stop on the red line and is nearly at the foot of Charles St., the main shopping street of Beacon Hill. In the other direction the hotel is within walking distance (15 minutes) of government center, Faneuil Hall and Quincy Market. My room overlooked the street but was quiet. The construction at the back of the hotel is almost over and it didn't bother me at all. The staff is friendly, rooms are clean and fairly spacious. The restaurant is just average but OK. Better places across the street on Cambridge street or all along Charles St. Ambiance is your basic Holiday Inn but a good base for visiting Boston. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here - incompetent Construction is right outside window. Curtain is fake so it doesn't actually close, so lights shine in room all night long like it is high noon.I asked that my payment be split up on two different Visa cards and was assured multiple times (called ahead, on check in, on check out) that it was. Instead they charged it ALL to my bank card Visa, so now my bank account is in the hole. Plus they authorized the other Visa too, so it has no available credit, and may end up posting charges too, which would be an overcharge. When I call to discuss the issue, ONLY ONE PERSON IN THE ENTIRE BUILDING is able to help, and you guessed it, she's not there. And doesn't return voice mail.Cold, rude, and unfriendly. No concierge. Stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Construction Our group stayed here Sept 18-24 - 6 nights total. Sure enough come Monday morning construction started at approximately 6:30am and this continued throughout our stay. If you decide to stay here make sure when you check in to ask for a room not on the construction side if you prefer to sleep in but remember Mass. General Hospital is right across the street so you will probably hear the sirens. Once the construction project is completed I would recommend staying here but not until then. Convenient location to all Downtown sites and public transportation. Rooms are pretty generic but clean and housekeeping staff is very accomodating.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cabogolf19
<Content>Can't beat free I agree with prior reviews that this property offers a good value in a city where hotels rates are very inflated. I was able to use my priority club points. So it was a super deal.Beware, they charge $1.00 for each local telephone call and the cost of the valet parking is $36.00 per day. Other than that no complaints.The rooms were clean, good size and the floor I stayed on was quiet. Afgter a long day trecking around Boston this was great. During our stay, construction noise what not an issue. This is the second time I have stayed here and will go back next year.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Standby4321
<Content>Great Value and Location in Pricey Boston The Holiday Inn Select Boston - Government Center is a large, boutique-style hotel that offers good accommodations within reasonable walking distance of many sights in central Boston. The standard rooms are standard fare, with no surprises either on the upside or the downside. There are executive levels on the 12th and 14th floors. Views toward the front of the hotel are superior than those to the rear, which face a part of the medical complex that is under construction. That said, the immediate area offers nothing particularly spectacular. The hotel's restaurant offers a breakfast buffet at $12.95 that is decent. We found housekeeping to be adequate and the hotel staff cooperative, though unrushed. The hotel's best attributes include its location, which places visitors within walking distance of much of historic Boston. We found our most common routings to be through the city hall plaza and also up Joy Street to the Boston Common. Charming Charles Street is also a nice walk in the neigborhood. Best neighborhood restaurant: Antonio's, an Italian place that you'll see less than two blocks down toward the overhead T track on the other side of the main drag. It's a small, 23-table dandy and you'll see the people lined up outside. The hotel is an outlet for Red Trolley tour tickets, one of several hop-on, hop-off trolley operations in the city. The tour provides a good orientation to the city, but we found ourselves more than happy to walk after getting our bearings. Noteworthy is that we were able to book the Holiday Inn Select using Priority Club points at 15K/night, which is an exceptional deal when you consider the avoided cost involved. (It is difficult to book decent hotel rooms outside of Priceline in Boston at less than $150/night, plus a stiff room tax.) We would definitely be willing to book this hotel again, but it's important for people to understand that hotels in Boston are just plain pricey. Comparing a $150-$250/night room here against what might be expected in a less costly destination leaves some people feeling that they should have been getting more. The Holiday Inn Select Boston - Government Center is a solid choice and a decent value, but it is not an exceptional property in any particular respect.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely recommend! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 2 nights in June 2004. The room was nice/clean/large. Check-in was easy and we were able to get the room before than the standard check-in time. It is in walking distance to everything (as are most hotels in Boston so this isn't any great advantage).We were first put in a room that faced a construction site next door that was very loud in the morning. The staff was very accomodating to our request to switch rooms. They put us on the other side of the hotel and on a much higher floor. Not too expensive for a downtown hotel. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Annekoco
<Content>Good hotel, great location, priced right! We stayed at the Holiday Inn after our bid of $90 was accepted by priceline. We made unsuccessful bids of 75-85 in the Back Bay area and when we decreased the * rating we got the Holiday Inn. It turned out to be perfect for us. The location (Beacon Hill) is very good as it is near both the Green and Red lines on the Tplus it is an easy walk to Fanuiel Hall, Boston Commons, Downtown Crossing and Back Bay. The room was comfortable, clean and quiet (we faced the river, not the construction site). The staff was available and helpful. I would be happy to get it again.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location My family and I stayed here to catch the Red Sox/Devil Rays series. We arrived by Amtrak, walked to the hotel and had no problems. The hotel is perfectly located between 2 T-train stops on 2 different color lines. Both are easily within walking distance. Fanneiul Hall is a short walk as well. The hotel itself was nothing stupendous, but I need a clean, comfortable room, and that was what I got. No noise from construction AT ALL. The pool was nice - protected outside on the second floor with a lifeguard. Didn't eat in the restaurant - that was what Fanneiul Hall was for!! Staff was friendly and very helpful in making shuttle arrangements, advising which route is easiest to the theatre district... very knowledgable.When we return to Boston, we will definitely stay here again. Good value.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sp5ive
<Content>Your average Holiday Inn Good location. Was in town for Yankee/Red sox game. Made mistake of getting valet parking. The fee was $36.00 for overnight parking. The garage around the corner charges less if you drive in yourself. Room was your average Holiday Inn. Bathrooms were small and needed to be upgraded, but they worked just fine. Pool was OK, nothing to write home about. No noise problems as I have read in other reviews. Construction behind hotel appears to be in final stages. Breakfast in their restaurant was a whopping $32.00 for 2 people. a 10 minute walk to subways and Fanueil Hall area restaurants.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LadyWanderLust
<Content>Great Hotel with a Great Location I would like to start by stating that I read all of the reviews before I left for this trip. I knew there was construction and I knew there were both a hospital and a firestation right next to the hotel. And let's face it; this is a city and big cities make noise. Yes, I heard sirens, but they never disrupted my sleep or my rest in the room. Honestly, I think too many people who complain about the noise are just plain light sleepers. Also, not once did the construction disturb my stay...and I was there 8 nights.From June 29-to July 7 this site was my home. I was in Boston as a tourist and needed a central location. This hotel was it. Literally located at the base of Beacon Hill, we walked all over Boston, starting from the hotel. And when we did use the T, there was the Charles/MGH stop right down the street. The room was perfect for what was needed. A place to sleep and rest and a place to clean up. I found the room and the hotel to be very clean and spacious enough. Upon our return each day, we found the room to be immaculate. The A/C worked well. I did not have to bring a hair dryer as there was one there, along with a iron and board. We even had a coffee pot to start the day with a cup of java. I have absolutely no complaints. I, too, had a room next to the construction, and I never heard any ruckus at 6:30 in the AM....I was awake by 6:00 so I would have realized.I would recommend this hotel to any tourist who wants a central location to the city. Also, there were several places to eat at near the hotel location if we were too tired to go out. My personal favorite was Pizettas Pizzeria...great service and yummy breakfast. Tell Michael and Maria that Lisa from Texas sent you there! One night we sent for room service....really pricey, but the food was good; we were so wiped out that going out seemed impossible. The food was sent directly, was warm, and tasty.I was completely satisfied with my stay at this hotel and highly recommend it. Be aware though if you are a light, princess-and-the-pea kind of sleeper, as there are both a hospital and a firestation right next to the hotel, think twice about staying here. The staff was always friendly. Oh, yeah, the price was great because I purchased a package deal through Pricline...and that did not even cause any problems.Great place to stay!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wear Earplugs!!! I stayed at this hotel when some friends were visiting from out of town, and I knew we would be out bar hopping all night and did not want to drive. What a miserable experience! We had a room on the side of the building where there was construciton going on directly below our 5th fl window. At 6:30 AM on a Saturday, the cranes, drills, jackhammers, and dump trucks started their noise, creating a symphony of head banging noise. When I called the front desk, and asked why I wasn't warned ahead of time, the manager told me the construction has been going on for a year and that he couldn't do anything about it. He told me that they would comp me for breakfast. Not being able to sleep, I went down to breakfast and had to wait 20 minutes for the front desk clerk to find the mgr to OK it.We then waited in line another 15 minutes for breakfast, only to see there were no eggs or sausage left. The waiter was rude, to boot. We ended up going across the street for breakfast.Only stay here if you are hard up, or cost is a major factor. Oh yeah, the homeless people sleeping outside the front door didn't help with the ambience, either.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay unless you have a problem   showReview(2132453, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>terrygard
<Content>Great Staff, great stay at the Holiday Inn Select   showReview(1853562, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>millercgr
<Content>Good location but overpriced   showReview(1765375, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs Improvement - Not Horrible   showReview(1726343, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok, not perfect, depends what one is wants to do.   showReview(1644725, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jwg41859
<Content>ONly is you need to stay near MGH   showReview(1554460, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Miserable Hotel   showReview(1538721, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PKFelix
<Content>Not a great place to stay compared with other Boston Hotels   showReview(1483522, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not impressive for business travelers   showReview(1435468, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Location. But.............   showReview(1376747, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jakoLaon
<Content>tres bien situ   showReview(13164251, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

