<Author>boocatwa
<Content>The Pimp n Whore Hotel This place is advertised as a business class hotel, but the type of business aren't ones to speak about in polite conversation. The rooms smelled, had estensive damage from cigarettes and slashed chairs with what looked to be blood. When I complained, they said that some of the furniture was old. But the rooms were filthy and smelled filthy, and the night manager kept replying the furniture was old until I convinced her to run her finger across the back rail of a chair. Then she said she would move me to another room. I got into the next room only to find the same situation-filth and damage-but now there was an added element. A pimp training his girl next door now filled this room with words that I can't write up here on a public board. I called the Marriott who sent a taxi to pick me up. The taxi driver said that the place was notorious for drug dealers, prostitutes and the like. As a woman who travels solo, this place shouldn't advertise as a business class hotel.When I communicated with Wyndham Worldwide about the place they said that this location was a franchise but that they would check into it. I just check my bank card and the Ramada is trying to collect a nights stay from me!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Love_the_MouseSea-WA
<Content>Good room nice staff closer to downtown is located in Tukwila My family stayed here after walking away from Howard Johnsons down the street. This hotel sits one block back from Hwy 99. There is a coffee shop next to the hotel that the local taxi drivers hang out at. Some other reviers have regarded as scary. They are devout Muslims. The closed down card room that is on the other side of the street and af ew blocks down will soon be turned in to a mosque. Just felt the need to clear up how  Scary some feel the area is. This section of Tukwila is under going a major facelift.  The staff at the Ramada were very nice and offered late check out to my family after hearing about our trouble at the nasty motel down the street. The management was changed in 2007. I felt this was a good place to stay for a night or to be close to downtown with out the high price of the downtown rooms. In downtown Seattle you can expect to pay over $ 180.00 a night off season. When we arrived at 11: 30 PM after a long journey on the train and canceling a prior reservation at another nasty motel. They understood and let us look at the room prior to checking in. My family enjoyed the stay had a nice clean room with a comfy bed. They were on the 2nd floor and had no noise issues. The lobby had a nice clean smell. Unlike the other 2 hotels or motels we walked in to. Got a good deal on the price was $20.00 less than the other ickey hotels. So don't let the other rating scare you. I think things have changed for the better at this location. They are about five to ten minutes from the airport but closer to downtown,  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>auwing1978
<Content>The Absolute Worst.... In terms of the cleanliness, smokiness , shifty characters hanging around and remote location from the airport, this is all true. And it does not surprise me that folks have had credit card issues with this hotel. Here is our experience.We checked in for a 3 day stay. We ended up checking out a day early because this hotel apparently uses their facility as a Park and Ride. We came back at 10 am on a Sunday from breakfast and there was absoutely no parking spots in the lot or underground. We checked out at that point.30 days later we are checking our credit card statement and there was a $353 extra charge from the hotel. ??? We called and were informed that we stole computer equipment from our room????!!!!!!??? We were dumbfounded. They said they had proof. The manager told my wife nobody was in the room for 4 days and then the computer equipment (a wireless router he said) was discovered missing when the next people checked in. And he said that we stole the router and he charged our credit card! (can you spell fuming mad at this point??)We called the Tukwila Police Dept. and no police report was filed about any theft. We contacted our credit card company and they put the courtesy credit on until situation was resolved. We called Ramada corporate and filed a complaint. We called our relocation company (I was being transfered to Seattle for my job). We called American Express who made the reservation for us. We called my employer where I have worked for 30 years. A week later my wife got a call from the manager with a tepid apology saying in fact it was the people who stayed the night after us who stole the wireless router. Of course he forgot that originally he told us that nobody stayed in the room for 4 days and then they discovered it. He said our credit card was being credited and the next day the credit showed up. My wife coldly told him that he called us thieves and he should be ashamed of his conduct. In 30 years of corporate and leisure travel, we have never had such a horrible experience at a hotel. I think the guy thought we were out of towners and perhaps we would not review our credit card statement. I did not read any of the comments prior to mine until after this expereince was concluded. My employer says that they will make sure that no other of the 30,000 employees of my company ever will stay at this hotel. BTW, we have yet to hear back anything from Ramada corporate. Shameful.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>bellock
<Content>Don't Stay Here! We arrived to this Ramada at about 11:30 at night. The area is a seedy, scary part of town. When I parked our vehicle in the underground parking, I saw broken glass right beside the stall we parked in. Not a good sign. When I walked into the lobby, I was overwhelmed by the stink of cigarette smoke that saturated the entire area. Though the room appeared fine, there was a large crack between the bottom of the door and the floor that let in light and cigarette-smoke-smelling air from the lobby, plus the room was cold. We put our kids to bed, then I tried to figure out how to turn on the heater. The heater was broken. I told this to the front desk. Though they offered to put us in another room or have a maintenance person fix it, it was already 11:30 at night and neither option was good. We elected to sleep there without heat. It was minus 2 degrees celsius outside and we froze. When I complained to the front desk the next morning, he kind of shrugged and didn't offer to do anything for us. When we returned from our 9-day trip, thankfully our vehicle was fine, but the broken glass on the ground was still there - they hadn't cleaned it up! DONT STAY HERE. There are many better options. I will try the well-reviewed Sleep Inn next time.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>gobookgo
<Content>Nice hotel staff and nice simple clean room for great price I stayed this hotel for 3 weeks and it was great.The hotel staff are very helpful and nice people.The room are clean and simple.Only thing didn't like was coin laundry in the hotel wasexpensive $3.35 per wash and $3.75 per dry.The other coin laundry is near by (walking distance), but I wouldn't go there not safe to walk around, askhotel shuttle driver to take you there if want cheap wash.The hotel shuttle does not have schedule and at the timeI was there they were short on drivers, so if you need togo to an airport or anywhere show up at the lobby well before your planned time.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BudsterVancouver
<Content>Do Not Stay At This Hotel For Any Reason. This hotel was the filthiest most disgusting hotel I have ever had the displeasure of booking into. It is located in the seediest area of town. We had a sick feeling when we saw the neighbourhood, the two men watching a porn movie at the business across the street in clear view, the numerous pawn shops and the list goes on. Upon entering the hotel it appeared slightly presentable......until you get on the elevator. The entire hotel smells of some kind of stench hiding chemical. The carpets were very dirty, the walls had marks all over them, the room doors were scratched and dirty metal. The room....oh the room......the first thing we found was a curly black hair ont he bathroom floor and a semi-dead bug rolling around the floor. The holder for the toilet paper was silver and badly stained with finger prints and unknown smudges and substances. The shower was passable. The bed appeared clean, but we slept very poorly. We checked out the window in the morning and were shocked to find our vehicle there still and undamaged. I went downstairs at 10:30 with my teenaged daughter to use the free internet and had a very quick and unsettling computer visit as the front desk cleark and an unknown male visiting him were leering at my child and speaking punjabi VERY loudly. IN retrospect, we should have run away fast but we weret ired , it was late, we had been lost for an hour and we were too tired to fight about a refund. HEADS UP- THIS IS NOT A REAL RAMADA HOTEL...IT IS A PRIVATELY OWNED HOTEL AND THEY ADDED THE WORD  LIMITED TO GET AROUND THE LEGALITIES OF USING THE RAMADA NAME.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TAfromCanada
<Content>Scariest Place I have ever been. DO NOT STAY HERE We had an early departure from Seattle so we decided to stay in a moderately priced hotel.Wow. Never have I slept with one eye open as I was so afraid.Looked like a bank robbery was going on next door, then the sirens came shortly after. Not really sure what happened, just glad I wasn't shot at!I can understand how moderatly priced rooms are not 4 or 5 star accomodations; however I did expect a pillow that could at least be considered a pillow.We put our new small camera beside it (using the width, not the height, width) and the pillow was camera width was thicker than the pillow.(Glad I packed a lot of clothes because I definately needed them to substitute as a pillow)When speaking with the Front Desk Personal, I dont think I've spoken with someone so rude. She was busy flirting with the restaurant guys, and was extremely irrated that we were there to check in.The kicker in all this, is that I am a travel agent. One who has travelled all over the states, Canada, Mexico, Caribbean, etc, and never have I been so discusted with a property, or the service.Definately, if you value your sleep, dont go to this hotel.If you are seeking an adventure and terrible customer service, this is your place to go!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>CAtraveler47
<Content>Not luxurious, but okay - My daughter loves Seattle and was going to spend a weekend there (alone). She did this before and spent a lot of $$ downtown - so this time she decided on a package that included airfare and was near SeaTac. Her dad and I decided that maybe we should go with her and booked this same hotel that her package included.At first glance (esp when we arrived at noon and was told that we couldn't check until 3 PM) the experience didn't look promising. As others have said - the surrounding area is definitely on the downside. (our daughter is a recent college grad and her new job doesn't pay all that much - so she wanted a bargain). I was really glad we (parents) barged in because the area isn't really a place that I'd like a young person to travel back and forth from, alone. We had discussed just cancelling and just paying for the one-night penalty (getting a nicer place in the City) - but decided that it was just a weekend and give it a go.However, when we finally got back from the City proper to check in (early in the evening) we were pleasantly surprised. The amenities are good - wireless access; hairdryer, fridge, microwave, coffeemaker service. The rooms were very clean (we travel in Europe quite a bit - and have experienced quite a bit of variety in terms of cleanliness). I have high standards and had no complaint about our rooms here. The staff was very cordial and accomodating and I have no reservations recommending the place if you are on a budget and want a quick get-away from the airport. We rented a car, so the pick-up wasn't necessary for us.All in all - it was an okay experience.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	4	5	

<Author>juniorbubba
<Content>This place DOESN'T deserve your patronage!!!!! I had business in the Seattle are that required me to stay down at the airport. In baggage claim, I found the hotel contact kiosk and called the Ramada Limited at SEA/TAC. I assumed (since there wasn't an address listed), that it was the Ramada that was located adjacent to the airport property. Since the hotel wouldn't send the hotel van until I gave them a credit card, I gave them my credit card number and was told to call when I got to the hotel pick up point (outside of baggage claim). When I got to the hotel pick up point, I noticed, with some surprise, that the hotel was actually located north of the airport in Tukwilla. When I called the Ramada Limited, I immediately tried to cancel my reservation (The hotel is located in a not too savory neighborhood that caters to prostitution, hourly motels, strip clubs etc.) The Ramada limited wouldn't cancel my reservation. The women that I talked to said that they Required a 24 hour cancellation notice. I tried to explain that I had just made the reservation 10 minutes prior. The women, who was the same women who took my reservation, told me that they were still going to charge my credit card for one nights stay. Sure enough, I just received a letter from the general manager, Mr. Jay Kim, stating that since there is no record of the cancellation (The women who I talked to at the time would not provide a confirmation number for the cancellation), my credit card would be charged for 1 day of a three day stay. Sine I have received this letter from Mr. Kim, I have tried to contact him, but have yet to hear back. Based upon the responses from other disappointed travellers, I would suspect the the positive responses have been written by people connected with the hotel, I am actually lucky that I didn't stay at this place. Based upon the way that they do business, I would imagine that repeat customers are not really their concern. The lady that I talked to, wouldn't give me the name of the franchise owner, wouldn't let me talk to her manager and actually hung up on me. These people don't deserve your business.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Flying_Dutchguy
<Content>Wow, superb price/quality ratio!! We paid only 64 USD (ex taxes), although that was excluding breakfast. The hotel lobby is not really nice and the restaurant is kind of shabby (Chinese with an ugly acquarium in the middle), but besides that it's just a good place to stay if you're on the road. The room was clean, large and comfortable and the hotel is located only a few minutes from the airport. Staff was nice and very helpful (we had a tiny problem with a keycoard that had to be cut). If you don't care about anything else but a good, clean room, then this hotel will save you a lot of money. Comparable hotels were certainly 50 USD per night more expenisive. So we had an excellent price/quality ratio!!!  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>platinumWM
<Content>Learned my lesson - major disappointment I've used the online service on which I booked the Ramada Limited - Tukwila (where you find out the attributes of the hotel and the general location, but not the name until you pay your non-refundable $$) numerous times in three years. I've always been satisfied. This experience changed my travel reservation habits forever. Dissatisfaction doesn't even begin to describe my experience there. Stunned is more like it.There seems to be large confusion in Seattle about Ramadas. There are 4 or 5 of them. Most of them are called Inn's. Such as the Ramada Inn and Suites very near Sea-Tac. This place I'm talking about is the Ramada Limited in Tukwila. Very should be part of the name. I will never again book a hotel without knowing which one it is. And, I will never again stay at a Ramada. Just the fact that they have this facility in their system scares me.I stayed two nights, and wanted to run from there one hour after arriving but I was stuck as I already paid in full and it was late. First, the van they picked me up in was very old and didn't look business-like, and the upholstery was very stained. Next, it was well over 2 miles North of Sea-Tac, on the old Pacific Highway, in a run-down/transitional neighborhood. Casinos and smoke rooms in the area. Two miles North of the Ramada Inn and Suites (someone in October confused them in a review). Last, on arrival, there was a group of around 6 or 7 very unsavory (scary) looking characters hanging out on the corner on 139th, just as we were arriving. Only a few feet from the door.I walked into the lobby at night, after getting out of a medical conference at the Marriott-SeaTac and the lobby was very small and Court-TV was on full blast in the lobby. The lobby had a look of decay, with old, dusty fake flowers and unhealthy plants and ugly furniture.The place only has 38 rooms, so (lucky me) I got the room right off the lobby. Could not sleep as the lobby TV was so loud. I was too afraid to ask them to turn it down as I didn't want to leave my room or draw attention to myself, being alone.Decided to have a cup of Decaf coffee, and turned the coffee cups over and both were totally filthy. Had coffee residue (easily seen and felt) from the last resident, (not washed) as did both water glasses. Absolutely filthy. Almost made me sick. I turned them in the next morning and there were clean ones in my room when I returned late last night, but still? When I pulled back the covers to go to bed, someone either did not know how to make a bed, or they didn't make it --- from the last person in there. Everything was very rumpled and unkempt-looking. I've never seen anything like it in all my years staying in hotels. Furniture was very old, spare and plastic. Plumbing didn't work well, as both the bathtub and sink did not drain. I took a shower in the morning, and when I left the room an hour later, there was still standing water --- despite my attempts to get it to go down. Not to mention the hair and ground-in dirt on the floor.This morning, when I left for the airport, I showed up downstairs and they said the driver would take me right there. In actuality, he spent 30 minutes doing other things, while I both waited and made two more requests. Paid no attention to my need to get to the airport. Ignored me, while I was standing there. And, I had to get to my flight!Even with making reservations online, there were so many problems and misses with this hotel that I'm appalled and will definitely change my reservation habits.Evidently, they call it Limited because it is. Not to be confused with the other Ramada Inn's, including the Ramada Inn and Suites near the airport. The limited is very far from the airport and not in any neighborhood a tourist would ever want to visit. People probably confuse them because they are both on International Blvd. But, the other one is near the airport and is probably much nicer. This one is out in the boonies and, for the price I paid (opposed to what I got....I could go on), is definitely a dump.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch Out For Ramada Seatac After returning from an Alaska cruise, I booked a room at the Ramada Seatac for one night. The hotel is located on International Blvd just minutes from Seatac. I left the airport, turned left on International Blvd and one block later, there was the Ramada. Unfortuantelly, it was the wrong Ramada. The Ramada Limited did not tell me there were two Ramada's on International. The Ramada Inn and Suites that I ended up at also did not tell me there were two Ramada's. I noticed the marquee advertised a lower price than what I reserved over the phone, so I booked a room with a lower price than what I was quoted. Just to be sure I wasn't charged for the other room, I mentioned to the clerk that I had a reservation and didn't want to be charged twice. She looked on the computer and said everything was fine.Last week, the Ramada Limited sent me a notice that it was charging my credit card for a no-show. I called and mentioned that I had stayed at a Ramada and that I had done due diligence by asking the clerk about my reservation (see above). They said that is not their problem and that I had to take it up with Corporate.Needless to say, Corporate also said it is not their problem and that I have to deal with the Ramada that I stayed at. I wonder how many other out-of-town travelers are caught by this seemingly collusive tactic? Looks like I am out $100.So if you are going to Seattle, please check the address of the Ramada you are staying at. To make matters more confusing, they are both listed as Ramada Seatac and, by the way, the Ramada Limited Seatac is not very close to Seatac at all.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Not somewhere I would stay again. My room was a smoking room and did not seem clean. Stains on the furniture and the furnishing are outdated. (I am not a smoker and it was all they had.) The screen on the window was falling off. The floors in the elevator were gross (dirty). Very noisy with the airport traffic. The pillows were horrible. Spend a little more money and go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hands down the worst hotel experience of my life. Needed to stay at a hotel down in Seatac for an early am flight. I was looking for a clean, simple place to get a couple hours of sleep. Instead I stayed at a place that was (a) in no way like the photo's on their website, and (b) smelled funny and felt very dirty. Bathroom smelled like urine and the floors looked dirty. There was still some soap in the bathroom from the last guest and the shower curtains had mildew on them. The chairs in the rooms were so stained and dirty looking that I refused to sit on them. I won't be staying at a Ramada Inn anytime soon.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Discusseed I have nothing really good to say about the manager of this motel!  This is what happen to me on this trip. I found out that my  Travel Agent  Had booked the wrong motel for me.  So we had to CANCEL the reservation for this motel because it was in the wrong location that I needed to be in, Though the Milatary Sato Office They booked the right Motel for me. The problem came to my attenation when I arrived at home  Founding Out! This Motel That I canceled Charged My Credit Card for a night stay. The Manage On Duty told me over the phone the reservation was never cancel, I stated to him that he was dead wrong on this. He wounld not recredit My Credit Card for this charge, All He Would do was COMP me a night stay the next time I was in Seattle. I Stated to him this was unacceptable to me. I all so stated to him I would Never again stay at another Ramada Inn ever again so they could keep my money Beacuse They must needed it more than myself.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous Stay During a Taxing Medical Conference Many thanks for a wonderful stay in Seattle...as we were attending a medical conference it was so convenient to be near the airport. The Ramada Inn and Suite Staff were so helpful and the service was excellent. In my down time it was wonderful to swim and relax in the indoor pool...and the Food - it was amazing... the wonderful blend of Asian and American cuisine was perfect in tantalizing my tastebuds - sure beat the boring fast food or regular restaurants we probably would have visited.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waiting For Another Trip We have just returned from a week away and I thoroughly enjoyed. It was so clean and friendly enviroment. I was impressed as the staff were also so good and sure went out of their way to help me. As I am an asmatic patient and have to carry my nabulizer machine with me and one evening on returning to the hotel, I was very short of breath and to my surprise the gentlemen ran towards me and gave me had and got my machine plugged and I sure was in good shape in no time.I have no words to express just to say that the hotel is just magnificient and one will have no problem staying there.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again! This hotel was a TOTAL waste! We stayed two nights and did not have hot water, clean room, or ice (in the middle of JULY!) There was dirty underware in the pool for two days, the exercise room was give yor some terriable fungus if you used the facility. The back safty door was propped open day and night because the lock was broken, there was trash EVERYWARE!!!! Scary location, UNHELPFUL manager, overall experience was AWEFUL!!!!! This is the LAST time we will ever stay in a RAMADA!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow, this hotel was an utter disappointment Do not waste your money by staying here. The location was terrible-further hotel on the Sea-Tac Hotel strip. Area around the hotel made me wonder if it was safe to go outside. No parking, quaint parking garage that had no room to manuever whatsoever. The excercise room was a complete joke. The continental breakfest was adequate, nothing great. Staff was completely helpful-some did, others weren't. I WILL NEVER STAY HERE AGAIN.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed Stayed two nights at the Ramada Inn and Suites Sea-Tac. We were looking for a deal, and were very happy to get a great rate for such a well known chain. However, when we arrived we realised why the rates were so low. Staff were undertrained and slow at reception, and often they would not momentarily pause to check someone in if they were doing something else. The continental breakfast consisted of bagels or bread with a toaster, cream cheese and jam. Coffee was available, but not tea. The orange juice was disgusting. We tried to go to the indoor pool, but it was full of kids in the evening, and the pool was quite small. I would definitely disagree with their website about the extra spacious rooms. They were just ordinary. We did not spend much time in the hotel because we were sight-seeing around Seattle, but next time we would definitely stay in the city even if it means spending twice as much, it would be worth it. Overall this hotel was plain and cheap, but disappointing because of the descriptions on the website and the chain it belongs to.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Housekeeping and breakfast almost non-existant I confess that I shopped hotels by price on Expedia but felt safe in booking the low price since this is a Ramada Inn. Wrong! The bathroom was cleaned with so little attention to detail that we certainly didn't want to step on the floor barefooted or touch the clothing on the back of the door left by a previous resident. The elevator walls were sticky and the hall floors visibly dusty. Breakfast was little more than toast and coffee with juice machines hidden behind construction.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing to Be Proud Of I recently spent the night at this location on my way to Florida, what a let down....I was just looking for a clean room and a good nights sleep. I got neither. While the courtesy bus was prompt, the friendliness was lacking. Lobby appeared nice enough, clean and neat. Too bad the room was not the same. I do not see any reason for no toilet paper or open and used coffee grinds still in the pot. When I called and asked about this I ended up having to go down to the lobby and get them myself. The room appeared as though someone had used it for a short time and had not been cleaned and restocked. A little maintenance is needed as the toilet seat almost fell off. The rooms need a through cleaning and going over. I would recommend a different location  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

