<Author>woldbtch
<Content>Had to leave and get a new place I dont know what to say...when I walked in the room, I thought the place had been robbed.A 15 TV sat in the bedroom. SAD.Stains everywhere, did not leave anything of value in room during the day.Tile falling off of the wall in the shower.Not good.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	3	1	

<Author>shadowrider1
<Content>Unpleasant Experience Uncourtious staff and Managment. Shower was not working at all, and found out in a hard way, as the entire head and face was shampood! Thematter was reported to the front desk and nothing was done. Rather aniguated and old enviournment. I failed to take action on the reviewsI read prior to my booking. I should have taken it more seriously. FUTURE CUSTOMERS MUST TAKE THIS AND OTHER REVIEWS VERY SERIOUSLY OR THEY REGRET IT LATER AS THEY MAY EXPERIENCE IT THEMSELVES.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>R2D2_NAZ
<Content>Below the lowest standards Hi Folks!I was so stupid to not do some research before I booked this Travelodge. Mistake, major mistake!!!Let's start at the check-in. Well, I couldn't even park my car in that area, because too many parked cars where directly standing in the driveway. So I got on the parking lot next to the Travelodge.When I saw trash like ripped out carpet in the parking lot, I thought okay, not the best neighborhood, seems to be the place where some weirdos drop their trash. Then I walked over the grass wondering about beer bottles and stuff I didn't even want to see laying around on the grass in front of the Travelodge. I went up to the check in expecting a huge crowd because of the many parked cars. But nobody was in the lobby with the exception of the check-in person, who was doing the job of checking me in. Well, that was pretty unenventful and I asked where the parking lot for the Travelodge might be. Turned out I already parked my car on the trashed motel parking lot.I got to my room 105 the jacuzzi suite. If you are looking for a very scary place to spend Halloween, that 105 is your room.Non-smoking room smelling like an ashtray.Wall paper missing on the wall. Electrical wires just laying around cut off. I have not figured where they belonged to.A bathtub I wouldn't even give my dog a bath in and she is really not picky.A ironing board without the iron. I guess that makes it a surf board for the poor.Electrical wires got fixed with some tape instead of getting really fixed. If I would have had my kids with me, I would have left right away.No remote control for tv - well I grew up when the first generation of remote controls were invented. Maybe that news of the invention didn't get through to the Travelodge. Minor inconvenience.No internet access - one reason why I picked that place.Major problem for me. Since I run an internet business.While looking for a phone to check with front desk what might be the problem, I discovered they don't even put a phone in the room. So I grabbed the motel information in hope I find some magic information for the internet connection. Big mistake, with the exception of strip joint information most of the pages got ripped out in part.Next morning I wanted to take a shower. Being a bit on the taller side, I figured out that most motel showers got designed for short people. But when I got into the shower - good thing I wear glasses, but not under the shower, otherwise I would have need a couple of beers to get in there - and turned on the water, I was waiting for a splashing noise. Instead I hear a stronger dripping noise. Yes, the shower was turned on all the way, but there was no pressure. A light rain in Phoenix has more power than that shower.Finally I only wanted to check out. Once I got to the front desk the guy working there was busy doing something (let's say freecell or solitaire) on the computer. He only looked at me with the expression of What do you want!?!I nicely told him that I would like to check out, put down the keys and asked for the name of the manager.What do you want?Can you please write me down the full name of the manager?Chad!Can you please write the full name down?Chad the manager.His name is Chad the manager? Very unusual name. What is his real full name?Chad Hill.Can you please write it down for me?Totally annoyed by getting asked to write down the name of the manager, he grabbed a piece of paper and wrote down the name.I thanked him and left knowing, I will never ever stay there.I travelled the globe, never wrote a complaint before, because usually you can arrange somehow, but this time it was too much of reason to stay calm.To make a long story short: AVOID THIS PLACE.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>CJ_Atlanta
<Content>Below your lowest standards Stayed 3-nights in this place when attending a conference in downtown PHX. Absolutely dreadful, do not stay here unless you have no other options. Poor room conditions and bathroom was not passable in any respect. The hotel must have been an older 1960's apartment building or something, 2-stories walk-up outside entry. Neighborhood was VERY sketchy. The unit I had turned out to be a 2 room with a small kitchen. Furniture looked like it came from the Salvation Army because it was not up to their standards. At over $90 per night, this was a VERY bad experience, and I do not advise you to stay here under any circumstances.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>chifarmer
<Content>Don't ever, ever stay at this property - 3101 N 32nd Street Upon entering the first room I was assigned, I first noticed the safety lock was torn off the door frame, followed by a grapefruit sized hole in one window, the bed sitting on the floor, the smoke detector hanging off the wall and the phone in pieces.  I then was given a deluxe room. Better than the first in that it didn't have broken windows, etc. When I went to sleep that night there was no blanket on the bed and when I called the desk I was told we don't put blankets on every bed. I was also given only one towel (no wash cloths, hand towels, etc.) and was told we are full and don't give everyone towels. The bed also kept falling out of the frame.  Several staff members and the repair guy were in and out of my room. The next day I called Travelodge customer service and filed a complaint. I was told they would fax the property and attempt a resolution. That night at about 3:00 am while sleeping in the bedroom area I was awoken by the sound of the front door closing. I ran out and saw my laptop computer and some cash were missing (I had set the deadbolt and put the chain on). The chain was torn away from the frame. I called the front desk and was told I was the only one with the key and what did I want them to do about it. I said to call the police. The officer determined that there was no forcible entry and that someone with a key card had entered the room. The police were not able to get in contact with the manager. I checked out in the morning. The person at the front desk was able to get in touch with the manager. He didn't want to speak with me and when I insisted he told me it was impossible, etc. and more or less accused me of lying. He told me he would speak with his staff and would get back to me in a few days. I have left numerous messages and sent a fax and have yet to hear from the him after 3 weeks. Worse yet, I received a letter from Travelodge Corporate that basically says these are independent owners and all that corporate does is license the name. There are no operating standards and the property is solely responsible. I phoned the President's office and was told that by their franchise agreements they do not get involved.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>dndgunn
<Content>Beware!!!!! We were suprised at how run down the rooms were. The hair dryer was wired to the plugin. Thank God it didn't work. The other outlet in the bedroom didn't work. The rooms smelled. The carpet had not been clean in a while. (looked like a child had spit up on the carpet.) When asked for a wash cloths and more towels the front desk told us they didn't have any more. ( I think only about 4 other rooms were being used from the cars in the parking lot.) Brought hand towels for substitutes. From the activity we saw around the place I wouldn't want children staying there. Talked with another guest he had bare wires in his room.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	2	2	

<Author>TazmanSanDiego
<Content>Forget what I said in an earlier review I wrote a favorable review earlier about this hotel. I returned in March of 2006. (I was too busy to even think about writing another review, so excuse the tardiness.) Earlier, I described the hotel as a 'hidden gem. That's why I returned. (I come to the PHX area every March for Spring Training Baseball) Now, it is a rat hole. Other reviews have described the awful conditions. I endured all-night parties, with an overnight hotel agent who was either too sleepy or indifferent to my noise complaints. (I checked out the following morning)All of the descriptions you can read in other reviews are absolutely true -- I was shocked at the condition of the hotel, upon my return. I can only assume not one dime has been invested in the property for maintence and upkeep. I also was sickened by the hotel jacuzzi. I developed a skin rash 2 days later. I lodged a complaint with the AZ Dept Of Health Services. (Unfortunately, as I checked out --I told the clerk that the jacuzzi wasn't hot enough -- that probably reminded management that they hadn't cleand the tub in weeks) Of course, by the time the AZDH inspected, they were given a clean bill of health. If you want to search, you can probably find the complaint on file, if you do not want to take me at face value.When I praised that hotel earlier, I meant what I said. At that time, the property was a great value for the price. I now completely have an opposite view. I did contact Travelodge, and they never returned E-mails. It's obvious why this chain is slowly vanishing, as I note their hotel guide gets smaller every years. Customer service? Sorry, not with Travelodge.I would only hope this lodge is deleted from the Travelodge chain. Also, this hotel is a sister to another Travelodge in Mesa, on the east side of town. I did stay there once, but that was over 8 years ago. I remember the A/C broke there the night I stayed, and temps that March were soaring to 90 degrees. Avoid both of these facilities. At least the property in East Mesa doesn't have prostitutes soliciting you.By the way I would not at all describe the neighborhood as a 'crime zone.' I believe the only such zone in the neighborhood is the hotel, itself. But, yes, the area seems to be zoned for -- barnyard animals as pets. And, yes, there are more than a few roosters that can be heard. That's more comical, than 'crime-ridden.'But a night at this hotel is not funny, at all. Shame on Travelodge for having their logo on this disgrace.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Away!! Pictures can be deceiving. The room was very dated, furniture was riddled with burn marks in a non smoking room and one lounge chair is ready to fall apart. No ice bucket in the room but most of all the neighborhood is very suspect so don't bring the kids here. Spend the extra money for a better experience.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeaniac
<Content>Embarrassed that I brought my inlaws there This place was terrible! For a hundred dollars a room you should get better than this. I made prepaid, non refundable reservations for my husband, myself, and my husband's parents. I was embarrassed to put my mother in law up in such a place. My parents-in-law had a queen suite. For my husband and myself, I had reserved a king smoking room. We checked in around 5:15 pm. When we got to our room we discovered it was a queen nonsmoking. I went down to the desk to request a room change, and was told there was no other room available.OPEN TO COLD NIGHT AIRWe inspected our room. The bedroom area had wooden double doors that opened onto a balcony. The doors sagged at their hinges, and where they joined was much lower that the door jamb. A triangular opening was created above the doors due to this sagging, and it let in the cold night air, the wind, and the rain. A storm had arrived from Alaska, and just a few miles away it was snowing so you can believe it was cold. The next morning my husband went out on the balcony and looked at the other second-floor rooms. They all had the same sagging double doors letting in the cold air.PLUMBING PROBLEMSThat morning when we tried to shower, there was no hot water. Also, the toilet backed up and nearly overflowed.DIRTThe room as a whole had a dingy, dirty, dilapidated look.Meanwhile, my mother in law was very unhappy and made a list of all the problems with their room.NO HOT WATERThey too had no hot water in the morning.DIRT AND EXCESSIVE WEARThe cookstove in their suite looked very bad. The enamel was badly cracked and burned, and it was dirty. More to the point, it didn't work.Their bed was dirty, with hairs on the pillow. I hate to think how that happened.The carpet was frayed and dirty.WIRINGThe wiring was such that when you turned off the lights at the wall switch, the alarm clock was also turned off.The light over the bathroom sink did not work.A lamp was repaired in a dangerous way. The cord had been spliced and wrapped with electrical tape.The remote controls for the TV did not work on the main TV.The heater made loud noises all night, as if there was something wrong with it, keeping her awake.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Hot Water-Room Ditry-Roof Leaks In Bathroom checked in at 10;30 pmFloor very dirty/sheets dirty/no remote for tvNext morning no hot water in roomThat night room had been cleaned after complaining. next morning again no hot water.and ceiling ventover toilet was dripping water.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay Clear When I arrived I was propositioned by the hooker at the front door.  do you need a friend for the night? I am a police officer in a large midwest town. But it did not take my personal background to understand this was in a high crime area. Lock your doors and drive past. Phoenix Inn was recommended by a Phoenix Police Officer I flagged down. Try there for a nice tucked away hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FernandoBee
<Content>Bad, Bad, Bad...Cockle doodle doo It was not easy to get to this hotel in the first place. When I called for directions from one end of Phoenix, the night clerk told me that he had to find a map. It was not his fault; he just did not know the area. I figured out by looking at a map that I got from the rental car place. When I got to the room 221, the entrance door had profanity written on the inside and the maid left her notebook near the sink. (I even left a note for the maid in Spanish to clean the door, but she took the tip on each of the three days and was totally oblivious of the note.) The carpet was stained, the blanket had burn holes, and the musty air in the room did not help. The next day, someone left a cigarette on the window sill outside. It is in a rough neighborhood and if you did not set up a wake up call with the front desk, simply open your window slightly and you will hear the roosters around 6am. By the way, my thought of having stale donuts and coffee does not constitute a continental breakfast. Caveat Emptor for all who used Hotwire and got this rathole.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>creativeconsulting
<Content>Good value for your money If you desire to save money this is one of the better hotels location wise. Now you should be prepared to share this property with people who may not appear to be upscale. If you are staying for only three days locate a Denny's and at the door is a travelsaver mag that has this property for $38 per night for walk in only. First three nights we stayed in 132 right next to the office. Not a good room. The hotel help have their lounge in the back of it and talk 5am when getting on shift. The next three days we relocated to 217 and it was a relief and worth saving money.This property is south of the exclusive Biltmore area. Hope this review helped.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

