<Author>au_syd_traveller
<Content>Impressive Was spending time in HK but didn't stay at the Peninsula. Went there for the high tea and have the following comments:Excellent serviceGood quality foodReason costVery impressed with the rolls royes line up outside the hotelHotel lobby looks and feels classy  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Loushj
<Content>Over rated and not worth the money What a disappointment. We had a deluxe harbour view room on 21st floor. When we walked into the room we would have walked straight back out again if it hadn't been for the view. The rooms have no character and need refurbishment. I must admit that the bathroom was fantastic. Apart from the helpful conceirge, we found the staff to be rude and unfriendly. It felt like we were supposed to be greatful to stay.The pool area was lovely, however on the only day we could take full advatnage of it, we were unable to sit on the sun terrace from 2.30pm as they were preparing for an evening function.The Japenese restuarant was a very good as was the Felix. However, avoid the Felix bar which is extremely cramped.My recommendation is to visit the hotel, have the afternoon tea and wonder round but whatever you do don't waste your money and stay.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>SW19Traveller
<Content>Our favourite hotel ever!       Outside at night  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bennystar99
<Content>Not as amazing anymore       Peninsula lobby  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	2	3	

<Author>legend16
<Content>Legendary Peninsula Hong Kong! My first recommendation as a Peninsula guest is to pre-book a Rolls Royce transfer upon arrival at Hong Kong Intl Airport. At the arrival gate, you are met by an airport staff who escorts you through immigrations and help you to collect your luggage. What a shame I flew Cathay Pacific麓s first class and automatically was the first passenger to disembark the Boeing 747...After the baggage claim you are escorted to a Rolls Royce Phantom and you have a 40 minute麓s ride in absolute luxury, it really sets the tone to your forthcoming stay!When you arrive to the hotel a receptionist greets you at the stairs of the Peninsula and kindly ask you to proceed straight to the elevators for in room check-in, nice and smoothly.I stayed in a Grand Deluxe Harbour View Room in the Peninsula Tower at 14th floor with a stunning view over the harbour and Hong Kong island. The furniture is quite traditional with chinese antiques. The service of the staff is one of the best I have ever experienced on a hotel, in every aspect the staff of Peninsula carry out their duties with a friendly excellence!The Spa is really worth a visit, even though the prices are rather high the environment is luxury beyond belief.However I found two things negative. The breakfast served at the Verandah had very little variety of food, really disappointing. Avoid the Felix bar, it feels really cramp and you have limited view.The location of Peninsula is superb, all major shopping and transportation are a few minutes away.If you want a golden stay in the marvellous city of Hong Kong you should stay at the Peninsula!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cat_Ar
<Content>The best hotel in the world We spent 5 nights in this hotel as part of our honeymoon and have no hesitation in saying it is the best hotel we've ever stayed in.The rooms are spacious, well designed and have lots of fantastic little touches, inlcuding a fully-automated control panel that does everything from open the curtains to adjust the volume of the in-bath television!The service is completely faultless - personal without being over familiar and geniunely thoughtful. We would return to the hotel just for this alone!I was also very impressed with the lesuire facilities. The hotel pool and gym have an awe-inspiring view across the harbour enough to inspire even the biggest exercise-phobe to go for a swim, and a lovely terrace restaurant serves fantastic breakfasts with the best views in the city.And the spa is just fantastic. Treatments are unrushed, relaxed and you also get to use the entire spa floor for as long as you want.And on the subject of views, a trip to Felix for drinks, dinner or both is a must. Not only is the food fantastic, there is a brilliant view over the whole city.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dadsasdasd
<Content>Great Hotel, unfortunately there only for one night       Inside pool  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TripFan045
<Content>One of the best hotels in the world Wonderful hotel! We loved the location and the whole experience. The morning breakfast in the lobby is awesome. It is broken up in the multiple courses, we loved it. A word of caution, we came down one morning as American tourists ready to go for a day of walking around and I think I was wearing flip flops. The waiter was very polite but asked me the return in pants and shoes for breakfast there. Maybe a little over the top formal but worth it and it created a nice feel. The location can't be beat at the corner of Nathan Road. We had a great experience there, would recommend it to anyone going to Hong Kong and don't have anything bad to say at all.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pixmac
<Content>Best hotel in the world We've stayed all over the world and continue to feel that this hotel is the best in the world. The service is understated but really fabulous; the restaurants are varied and excellent; the location and views can't be beat; and the gym has absolutely everything you want. Tea in the lobby is fabulous, and you should definitely stay here if you can.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Judgys
<Content>Perfect Peninsula This was my Hong Kong Heaven. Upon arrival at the airport the Peninsula staff greeted us directly from the aircraft and guided us to the waiting Rolls Royce. We were checked in with speed and we had originally booked a Deluxe Harbour View Room but were upgraded to a Deluxe Harbour View Suite. The suite was on a corner so the windows overlooked the harbour and star ferry site. A good size with lobby, lounge, bedroom, dressing area and a fabulous bathroom with a jacuzzi bath which was surrounded by windows overlooking the city. We were located on the 19th floor in suite 1915. The room had fresh fruit daily, we took breakfast in the suite every day as the Peninsula has a strict policy of no flip flops or sandals in any of the restaurants which was a pain as due to the humidity this is all I had with me. Trainers or enclosed shoes are the only acceptable footwear no matter how fancy your sandals or flip flops might be! Breakfast was limited and they only had smoked bacon. You pretty much got what the menu dictated and extras were not readily offered. Drinks in the lobby were on average 拢8 for tea or hot chocolate. No kettle in the room so this was the only option unless you wanted to go out of the hotel. The hotel view was fabulous on a clear day and the hotel is centrally located for Hong Kong transportation and Kowloon central shopping district. The Concierge service, particularly Edwin and Jackie, were amazing. This is a 5 star deluxe hotel and I enjoyed every moment. The gym and pool facilities were excellent, the spa was a little overpriced but what I would expect from this type of hotel. The bar at the top of the hotel, Felix, was disappointing and was actually quite tacky considering the prices and rating of the hotel. Overall we enjoyed our stay here and felt it was in a great location with good views and a great place to end our trip.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gorgeous_uk
<Content>Wonderfully Grand When we walked through the doors of the Peninsula we knew we were in for a good time, the service was faultless from start to finish. Checking in was swift and efficient and we were personally shown up to the room. Our room faced the side street and for a city centre the room was pretty big, spotlessly clean and came with a huge bathroom with separate walk in shower. Everything you could ever think of wanting was available in the room and a floor butler was on call for anything else.As you would expect a stay at the Peninsula is not cheap but it is certainly worth it. Hong Kong is one of those cities where you can never be handy for absolutely everything but the Peninsula is right next to an MRT station so getting around by train or taxi is easy. As a final treat take the hotels Rolls Royce transfer to the airport, well worth it even if it does take longer than the airport express train. If pushed to criticise something about the place it would be the queues of tourists in reception that flock to the hotel for the legendary afternoon tea, a minor blip on an otherwise faultless stay.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GeorgeFarris
<Content>A Legend Stumbles, A Little Bit... The Peninsula is the best known hotel in Hong Kong. Having first opened in 1928, it has been witness to a significant part of the region's history. Often referred to as The Pen, it has been hailed as one of the world's finest hotels since its opening. Created in the glamorous 1920s, the legendary Grande Dame of the Far East epitomizes the confluence of Western and Eastern cultures 鈥?a blend of the best of occidental and oriental hospitality in an atmosphere of unmatched classical grandeur and timeless elegance.The restaurants and bars at The Peninsula Hong Kong are among the most exclusive in Hong Kong. Globally renowned is Gaddi's, one of the best French restaurants in Asia. Gaddi's is unquestionably Hong Kong's most elegant dining experience. In the mists of my youth I took the woman I loved there on our first date and it was unforgettable. Tea or lunch in the magnificent lobby is still worthwhile, and it brings back memories of when the former owner, Sir Lawrence Kadoorie, CBE, a famous industrialist, hotelier, and philanthropist used to stop by for tea. Also, the Rolls-Royce Phantoms which stand by at the entrance are a touch of class that's hard to replicate! On the most recent trip our room had a retro feel, the buffets had lost their previous sumptuous luster, and the service was disappointingly inconsistent, but hey 鈥?it's The Pen! How do you value a legend, or a piece of your heart's real estate? That's rough, but when all is said and done, nostalgia can only carry you so far. That presented an agonizing decision for me to make because it is a grand property of which I am profoundly fond.Alas, as much as I'd like to award a fifth point to The Pen's crown, it just wasn't warranted this time. Tthe tariff was too high given the inconsistent service, and that lowered the value of the overall experience in my opinion. I couldn't help but think that Sir Lawrence (later Baron Kadoorie of Kowloon), who survived Japanese internment camps and communist seizures in Shanghai during The Liberation, to rebuild Asia's best known property would be disappointed with state of the service we encountered. Hopefully, the future will present the opportunity for me to try The Pen after it has found its pride.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Kaychan
<Content>High expectations but slightly disappointing After reading all the wonderful reviews of this hotel and my pleasant experience recently at the Peninsula, Beijing, I decided to stay 3 nights at the Peninsula Hotel, Hong Kong just a few days ago. The reception staff were wonderful and made recommendations and restaurant reservations for us. But the security staff seemed wary and suspicious and although we passed by this particular officer for 3 days, there was neither smile nor recognition from him.  We stayed in a grand deluxe room on a high floor and the facilities were as expected until we used the toilet. The toilet bowl did not look clean and there was a rim of brownish stain at the water level. When we flushed the toilet the water was murky. A senior housekeeping staff came to explain that the stain could be caused by the water ( she said  it was the water from the sea ) used for flushing the toilet. But anyway, one of the cleaning staff managed to clear away the stain but the water remained murky throughout our stay.  There were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room. Guests were probably expected to use room service. However, they did provide us with hot water at our request.We were rewarded with some stunning night scenery and lights when we had a swim in the evening at the hotel swimming pool. The spa was nice too until I saw one of the staff trying to remove hair from the hairbrushes used by guests. When asked, she said the hotel recycled the hairbrushes after cleaning and sanitizing them. It is commendable to recycle but to remove all that fluff in full view of the guests was not what I found very pleasant. While waiting for my airport transfer in the lobby, I saw a guest being told by a staff member not to take photographs. I thought the guest looked a bit embarrassed at being told off.   I might be nit-picking but enough had been said of the wonderful Rolls-Royce pickup services and other facilities, which I did find commendable.  The hotel has been ranked as one of the best hotels in Hong Kong, and therefore, I had high expectations, so it was just a little disappointing to witness some hiccups during my stay.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Perspective
<Content>Birthday Getaway with my girlfrined (Ex-Girlfrined Now) Hello,stayed here with my girlfrined (EX-GIRLFRINED NOW) Stayed with them in the suite exprience package.. Perfect ..rolls-royce transfer between my home and the hotel x2 times...Had set dinner at any chosen dinner and unlimited mini-bar... wow peninsula champange free flow... unlimited wine, beer, snacks watever you can think off... Free breakfast..Service as usual EXCELLENT... had a free big round chocholate cake and a happy birthday card for my girlfrined as it was her birthday.. we spulrged at the spa... had a big [-] spa suite for free and did quite a sum of services there..we booked the superior suite but got upgraded to the deluxe suite.. HUGE place.. around 1300 square foot... 14 people dinner table ok big bathroom. ok big bed room.. huge living room.. and the harbour view to die for.. took my breath away..But as usual... PRICYYYYYYY expenisve... oh well its a special ocassion...  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ajgeb
<Content>Peninsula was simply the best We had the opportunity to spend three nights at the Peninsula Hong Kong on our way to the Olympic Games in Beijing. To say that our experience at the Peninsula was great does not really describe how great it was. From the personalized staff service starting at the airport arrival gate, to the Rolls Royce into Hong Kong, the excellent concierge check-in, to the upgrade to a Harbor View Suite, the entire experience was smooth, polished, and as first class as it gets. The suite was the size of a good city apartment, with several areas where floor to ceiling glass looked out over the Hong Kong skyline. The beds were comfortable, and the bathroom spacious and luxurious. All in all, this was one of the most wonderful and comfortable hotel stays ever.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fotocraft
<Content>Rolls Royce of hotels Returned to the Peninsula hotel in May 2008 and was immediately impressed by their new meet and greet service at the airport on arrival. We were met as we stepped off the jet way and whisked through passport control, handed off to a Peninsula staff member and taken to our car which happened to be one of the new RR black Phantoms. On arrival at the Peninsula we were even upgraded which is where the problem started. Arriving late we ordered a room service snack, 50 minutes later we had to chase up room service, a further 20 minute wait brought a cold and inedible snack. Not what one expects from a Premier hotel. If this was the premiership the hotel would be fighting relegation.To be fair the duty manager the following day did everything to rectify the situation.The hotel is always very busy with 'day trippers' visiting the foyer and caf茅 area, often to the detriment of the hotel guests. However it takes its tradition seriously and the afternoon tea can be recommended. Restaurant food quality is disappointing and often arrived tepid so poor marks in that area. Restaurant staff are excellent.Would I return again to the Peninsula? Probably in a few years time to see if things have improved.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	5	2	4	

<Author>Speedbird223
<Content>A new favourite!       Deluxe Courtyard View Room  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>villatoro
<Content>Classic Comfort The only way to desciribe this hotel is -The Worlds Best-  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cubswincubswin
<Content>an experience in itself Stayed at the Peninsula Hong Kong for a couple of nights in May. If this is your first time in Hong Kong, either make sure you have several nights in town, or don't stay at the Peninsula. Why? Because staying at the Peninsula Hong Kong is an experience in and of itself! It's well documented in previous posts so I won't repeat.Just stay here if you can swing it.It's worth the experience.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MPD71
<Content>The Best Hotel in the World I have stayed in some fantastic, 5-star hotels, but this is The One. The Peninsula Hong Kong is The Best Hotel that I have ever stayed in.The rooms are large and exceptionally comfortable - perhaps the best bed I have ever slept in. Within an hour of check-in, every staff member in the hotel knows your name, and is willing to help with whatever request you can think of.The food is amazing, the staff is over-the-top friendly, and the place is gorgeous. I can't recommend this hotel enough.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>balimontana
<Content>Amazing Hotel - World Class We stayed at the Peninsula Hong Kong on two occassions in June 2008. Previoiusly I was a Hong Kong Ritz Carlton loyalist but this property has been shut down for redevelopment giving me an opportunity to experience the wonderful Peninsula Hong Kong.Airport arrival service and Rolls Royce transfers arranged by the Peninsula are highly recommended. They whisked us through the Hong Kong airport on a golf buggy, handled all baggage for us and loaded us into a Rolls for the 30 minute trip to the Peninsula.Upon arrival we were immediately whisked up to a full harbour view suite on the 22nd floor. Simply amazing view of Central Hong Kong. The skyline view was breathtaking from the vantage point of the suite. Room registration was taken care of in room. A butler immediately began unpacking our suitcases for us whilst another staff member served welcome tea.The Room:We booked a full harbour view suite and it was palatial with a large dining area, comfortable living room, entryway and a massive master bedroom and opulent marble ensuite bathroom with deep soaking tub. Views from all rooms of the amazing Hong Kong skyline.The decor is traditional Hong Kong British Colonial meets modern China.....comfortable and traditional. Very well thought out design touches making the suite a superb home.Gym  SpaThe gym is adequately sized with new equipment and a personal trainer on duty. Unfortunately we did not have time to enjoy a spa treatment but the spa looked over the top luxurious and indulgent....perhaps next time.Food  Beverage:Afternoon tea at the Peninsula is a tourist attraction brining in hordes of non hotel guests making the lobby a bit of a mob scene during the day. However do not despair; simply mention you are a hotel guest and you'll be at the top of the line. Afternoon tea is superb and offers great people watching in one of the world's most attractive and happeninig hotel lobbies.Room service was superb. Deliciously prepared food served quickly and very professionally.Unfortunately we did not have time to experience any of the Peninsula's other dining options but I am certain they would be excellent.Service:Across the board service was immediate and very professional. A 12 AM call for a prescription refill resulted in an on premises nurse visiting my suite within 10 minutes with the prescription in hand. Amazing.Concierge is world class, well connected and an invaluable resource at this hotel. Overall the Peninsula is a special hotel suitable for all of us whom are passionate about superlative hotel experiences. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Disney_Mastermind
<Content>The Best City Hotel in the World! During the Christmas break, we decided to book a short 2 night stay at the Peninsula Hong Kong. We were celebrating our Anniversary and had revealed this information while booking our room, a Superior Harbour View Suite. Like so many others, we felt that the Rolls-Royce Phantom transfer from the airport was a must. Upon stepping off the plane, you are pleasantly greeted by the airport concierge who escort you on a cart to customs and later baggage claim. It was a very nice service, and they handle all the work. After entering the Arrivals Hall, you are met by a member of the hotel staff and led to your personal Rolls-Royce. The EWB Phantom is one of the nicest cars ever built. The interior is incredibly comfortable, with lots of legroom. We were given cold towels and chilled bottled water to cool us from the heat of Hong Kong. After a swift journey, we arrived at the Peninsula. We were pleased to discover that the hotel had been decked out in lots of pretty decorations for the holidays. Entering the lobby, there was a nice little string band playing the traditional Christmas tunes. The lobby itself is gorgeous and just as opulent as the pictures make it look. Very grand and airy! We were properly greeted by the staff as we were led to the check-in counter. After wishing us a happy anniversary, they surprised us by saying that we had been upgraded to a Deluxe Harbour View Suite. For those that are not familiar with the rooms or pricing structure of the hotel, our upgraded suite was about 270 square feet larger and would have cost us an additional $HK 4000 (more than 500 U.S dollars). Needless to say, we were overwhelmed by this upgrade.Entering our room, we were amazed at its spaciousness. There was a separate sitting room and bedroom, both with jaw-dropping harbour views. I've said this before, but the harbour views from the Kowloon side are far more impressive than those on the Island side. Noting that it was our anniversary, we received (in addition to the welcome tea and fruits) a bottle of champagne and some sweets (including a lovely cake and some very nice chocolates). We enjoyed the European decor with subtle Oriental influences that are tastefully incorporated. Every suite has a nice bronze telescope for guests to admire the breathtaking views. The bathroom in the bedroom is huge, with a large jacuzzi tub and a spacious shower area. All rooms and suites at the Peninsula have two sinks, which is a big plus in my books. In the bathroom were two red boxes ornately carved with Chinese images for guests to take as souvenirs. Inside each box was a classy face soap. A very elegant touch that is a testament to the world-class status of the Peninsula. I could go on and on about the amenities in the room, but I think that has already been done to death here on the site.On to the other facilities. The Peninsula has one of the nicest pools I've ever seen. It is designed to look like a Roman bath and is very beautiful, with sweeping views of the harbour and city skyline. It wasn't that busy when we visited, so it was a peaceful retreat. They have a large terrace outside the pool area for sunbathing, along with a pool bar for light snacks and drinks. The staff members at the pool hand you cold bottled water when you enter and are very attentive.The restaurants at the Peninsula are among the most best and historic in the city. Our meals at the Peninsula included:Dinner at Gaddi'sBreakfast at the VerandahAfternoon Tea at the LobbyDinner at Spring MoonLunch at ChesaAll were excellent and enjoyable dining experiences, especially Gaddi's. Gaddi's is one of the best French restaurants in Asia and a must if you're looking for gourmet, Michelin-starred cuisine. The dining room is very luxurious and palatial, and the service is among the best I've ever experienced in a restaurant. I've dined at several restaurants in Paris with 3 Michelin stars and would rank Gaddi's right up there in their class.Aftertoon tea at the Lobby is a very authentic and elegant experience. Everything from the tableware to the food is of very high quality. They also had a large selection of teas in addition to the classics. It is expensive but well worth it for the experience. And that about sums up my experience at the Peninsula as a whole. It is a very expensive hotel, but you truly get your money's worth and more when you stay at the Peninsula. The Peninsula Hong Kong is, without a doubt, the best city hotel in the world!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>welltraveledA
<Content>congratulations to an excellent brand builder even i have been more than 20 times to hong kong and stayed in many hotels this was our first stay at the peninsulawent with my wife in a celebration trip and got the full package:RR,lobby tea time,pool/spa,felix,harbour view and final experience was excellent really 5 stars all the waybe aware that they have built a strong brand in us and maybe people like me see things better than they really are cons:crowded lobby between 2 shopping arcades . you cannot be recognized as guest in that area so no service is provided,no free internetpro:all the rest dont miss swimming and felix stayed also at peninsula beijing loving it too  
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tacitblue
<Content>Absolutely Lovely       The beds  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PoppyTT
<Content>A tourist trap but still excellent! We arranged the Rolls Royce transfer to collect us which was lovely. A staff member met us off the plane and took us to immigration where there was a huge queue so they went on ahead and collected our luggage. Water and cold towels were given to us in the bakc of the car and it was a perfect start to our stay.We were welcomed by name and taken to the check in and then shown to our room by the check in lady. The room we had booked was a Grand Deluxe habour view. Very well equiped room, large in size with a seating area, desk etc. The view was out of this world. I can not put it into worlds! You have the best view from here for the light show that is at 8pm every evening over the habour.The staff were helpful but soooooooooooooo many tourists were in and out of the main areas that it did not feel that exclusive. There is a shopping arcade on either side of the lobby with some top dollar shops but again it attracts more 'non guests'.The spa is definately worth a visit. There is a lifestyle shower which is fun and various steam rooms/saunas/relaxation rooms which all over look the habour. Extremely good service too.The business center is only opened til 5pm and they charge for the internet which is not what many 5 * hotels do now. However they did open it for us one evening which was kind.Beware on the first Sunday of the month they have a tea dance in the lobby and afternoon tea is served in all of the restaurants which get booked up early and means that there is no where for you to use unless you have a booking. We eneded up going to the airport early as it was extremely busy and no where in the hotel could we get a coffee!Felix restaurant/ bar has excellent views if you do not stay here but there is a smart dress code.Overall, its worth it if you get a room with the habour view. If you do not want to stay in a 'tourist attraction' then think again. The atmosphere would feel better if they restricted the amount of tourists. It felt a bit like the Bellagio in Las Vegas at times!!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>rr55
<Content>great hotel - 5 stars Beautiful hotel - great Asian flair.Staff was incredible and helped in every way possible. Want to come back to bring my wife (this was a business trip). Only the best: linens, sheets, towels, amenities, tv - you name it!!!!Loved every minute (worth the LONG flight over).  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JeanP23
<Content>Pure luxury Different class of luxury. We used the Rolls Royce airport transfer which is well worth it. Had a suite which was huge. Amazing service and standard of hotel, this hotel sets the benchmark for me!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hongkong123
<Content>A Luxurious Experience My wife and I went there for a weekend getaway and anniversary celebration, and we had a wonderful time together.We had a deluxe room on 2nd floor. The room had a separate small foyer area housing furniture for putting luggages and large bulit-in wardrobe. A thoughtful design we found was that a little box inside the wardrobe on the wall - if you put your shoes inside and press a button, they will be taken away without you noticing, and be returnded to you cleansed and polished in a resonably short period of time. Newspapers were also delivered to this little box daily.A door opened to a comfortably large room with high ceiling (quite unique experience for HK hotels) and classical feel and beautifully decorated with Chinese favoured pictures. The room was fully equipped with all facilities most would want, e.g. flat TV, CD/DVD player, mini- bar, internet access, fax machine, telephones (4!), all-in-one control panels, automatic curtains, sofa and armchairs (4!).Bathroom was light-coloured and modern-styled with Mood lighting option. A number of sweet designs, such as a small TV at the bath-tub, separate shower box and toilet, twin wash-basins for male  female, 2 sets of bathrobes (different materials and thickness) for each occupant to name a few.We were celebrating our anniversary so the hotel gave us a half-bottle champaign, a chocolate moose cake on top of the regular welcome tea and fruits. The house-keeping service was good and efficient (we didn't ask for help much though, because everything inside the room were in perfect conditions. We only borrowed 3 DVDs and they were delivered to us quite soon).The hotel has 80 years of history and I was a bit worried if the property or the furnitures would be tired. It's certainly not the case, they look well-mentained and were obviously being upgraded from time to time. History has taught her good lessons in hospitality I suppose. The room even has emergency call buttons in both the room and the toilet - a sign of wisdom and thoughtfulness.We went to the Verandah for buffet dinner. The environment's cosy. Excellent choices of main course on menu, well set buffet bar with enough variety of appetizers and deserts. We were informed (a call to our room in the afternoon!) that the oysters were out that night but were replaced by large-crab legs to our little disappointment.A la carte breakfast was served at The Lobby. It's very elegant. All utensils were made of silver if not china. (Maybe because the hotel is right in the middle of the town or the food at The Lobby is so good, it attracts quite a number of patrons for tea there. Once we saw a line of about 40 to 50 people waiting for table in an afternoon!) The food was up to standard with right quantity. The waitors were very polite but some looked a bit inexperienced, they often came between us while we're talking to take the dishes, fill the water etc. For a busy restuarant like this one, I think that is quite unavoidable.There were other restuarants, such as a Japanese resturant where we had lunch on the first day, and a French restuarant which was 55 years old. Many expensive world famous shops were found in their shopping arcade which was very convenient, not to mention the hotel itself was in the middle of the largest shopping area in Hong Kong.Overall, the experience was flawless. I have to say the room rate is very pricey but that's expected for a 5-star (I'll give it 6) hotel in down town.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Froginindianocean
<Content>Service could be far more attentive I decided to take my wife for ou 15th wedding anniversary to a top hotel without the chidren and chose what is supposed to be the best in Hong Kong. The Rolls royce transfer was great, the welcome and the view as well, the room had zero default. I organise flowers to be put on the rooms on arrivals that were not there...., we booked for afternoon tea on arrival. An hour later we were waiting ten minutes in the lobby on the side of a huge queue, the table was set up for 4, there was 2 of us, the service was hectic fast, unpersonnal, you could see that this was a money factory machine, a shame for this great lobby. I wanted to leave asked four times for the bill, I left without signing at the end, but is was still charged on check out.We visited a lot of friends, on one occasion it was raining we asked the head of the door to tell our taxis in chinese where we wanted to go (as we had the indication written in english only) to be told in a very rude manner to take the queue like everyone else.... , by that time I took him on the side and told him off...To be honest, as we just arrived this put us off trying even one restaurant at the peninsula. We tried many restaurants around and loved the famous Japanese NOBU just accross the road.And by the way, even if you have an adress for and excellent taylor that was recommended to you; do not ask the concierge where it is located as he will try to tell you in a suttle way that HIS adress is much better...!!!!Finaly the I found the breakfast to be of sub standard, qeuing to seat, not a great choice.The spa was fantastic.The experience maybe a must.... , maybe maybe not....  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	2	4	

<Author>edgiggirl
<Content>Made To Feel Like A Leaper At The Peninsula If being made to feel welcome is important to you then stay well clear; go to the Mandarin Oriental instead  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>iamatraveler
<Content>Amazing hotel, very luxurious We decided to splurge for our first three nights in Hong Kong, so we stayed at The Peninsula. While it was a bit pricey, it was well worth it.We especially recommend the limousine pick up from the airport. They actually meet you at the gate, and take you on a motorized cart through what would normally be about a 20 minute walk - and then they pick up your bags from baggage claim while you're waiting in the passport control line! It was the most hassle free airport arrival we've experienced.The rooms are beautiful and well equipped. You can even control the opening and closing of your curtains from the control panel next to the bed. A nice sized flat screen TV rotates for visibility from the bed, the couch, or the desk.The hotel is quite the tourist attraction, with high tea being served in the lobby. As other reviewers have mentioned, there are dress codes if you want to dine in the restaurant. Basically, just don't wear flip flops or sport sandals. No big deal.We didn't get a chance to enjoy the pool area, but stopped up to take a look at it on our last day. It has beautiful views of the city, and looked like a really nice place to relax.The concierge was very helpful in directions for the city, and for sending our passports off to obtain visas for mainland China for the next part of our trip. All staff members spoke excellent English.As we've experienced in other Asian hotels, the hospitality was super. We highly recommend The Peninsula, if you're willing to disregard the price tag.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LagunaMandy
<Content>Fabulous!!!! I have been to Hong Kong many times and always wanted to stay here.This time I did. (4 nights)It was a fantastic experience.I cannot fault anything at all about this hotel.The rooms are beautiful, (great bed!, decor is so nice , white with some blue and gets away from those heavy tones too often used in HK hotel rooms) .great bathrooms, high speed wireless Internet in all rooms, the staff, the restaurants, fantastic SPA, gym ; everything was PERFECT.Yes it's expensive to stay here but if you get the opportunity to stay here, do it!Level 1 breakfast for guests is great, as is the famous High Tea.The shopping arcade is great, all the designer brands you could imagine, they are all there, although I couldnt afford to buy much :(The Peninsula is a piece of British history in Hong Kong , just sit in the foyer and gaze up at the architectural magnificence of the ceiling.I have stayed in many Hong Kong hotels but this is the best without a doubt. Equally good for romantic getaways or business trips.I will definitely stay there again next time.Perfect perfect perfect!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LKKT
<Content>Wonderful hotel, the Pen deserves its reputation       Bathroom  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PASAMANAJ
<Content>Wonderful Peninsula Reading some of your negative reviews compelled me to write my own regarding the Peninsula. We landed on February 7th the beginning of the Chinese New Year. As your other reviewers have written we were also met at the airport and taken to the hotel where the staff were waiting for us to advise us that their parade was starting. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left the staff were all wonderful. The de luxe harbour view rooms were beautiful not in the least bit run down as described by one critic and the bathrooms were just as luxurious.We ate in the Felix restaurant which was amazing although very expensive so be prepared. We sat and watched fantastic firework display from our window table. The spa was beautiful with every amenity you could want for both men and women. The swimming pool (indoor) was fabulous .All in all I would recommend this hotel to anybody who is looking for luxury and top service.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Seggiesmoggie
<Content>Peninsula? Never again!! We had really looked forward to staying at The Peninsula. The hotel room itself was fine. Very comfortable, nice bathroom with Molton Brown toiletries. What made the stay so unpleasant was the attitude of the staff. A waiter during breakfast managed to spill hot tea on my cream linen trousers with no apology offered. We were unable to take tea in the hotel lobby after being out sight seeing. The reason given was that I was wearing flip flops .... no, I was not, but was wearing Teva sandals! To compound the misery of that day, late ion the evening, I was stopped from taking photographs of the lovely ceiling in the lobby. Overall, I was made to feel like a second-class naughty child. After speaking to the duty manager of all the days incidents, he did apologize and waived our payment for the Rolls Royce transfer back to the airport. Very small recompense !  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>HK_MJChan
<Content>Brilliant, attentive, magnifcant Arriving at the Peninsula in Hong Kong is a true pleasure. The many luxurious cars gives a glamorous feeling. The restaurants are outstanding and deserve a Michelin Star or two.The rooms are luxuriously decorated with all the latest technology. If comes with a price tag and not everyone can afford it. Hotel seems selective in choice of guests and that keeps it a true brilliant in Hong Kong. It is definetly the place to be and to be seen.I am looking forward for the W hotel to open as well. Will try it once they open their doors.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cheshire81
<Content>Simply living off the back of its reputation!       Chipped countertop around sink in Peninsula bathroom  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>escholte
<Content>A great GEM!! A 5-star hotel through and through. From being met off the plane, escorted through immigration, a smooth trip in the wonderfully luscious and decadent Rolls and swift check in at the hotel this was a great stay. Staff are very efficient and helpful even if they don't always know the answer or understand the request. The rooms are nicely appointed and a view of the harbour is to be recommended. The buildings set up for New Year (Year of the Rat) and the Olypmics are the best - apparently better than Handover Day. The food outlets were a slightly more contentious point - Felix is not that great, the other restaurants are ok but I've had better at other 5-star hotels. As other reviewers have pointed out the lobby is like Grand Central Station between 3 and 6 pm due to the high demand and queueing for the English Tea service. There are great shops in the maze of the Peninsula arcade, especially Shanghai Tang. They did a nice birthday cake for a special celebration and also on offer at the moment is a trip around the harbour at sunset with champers to celebrate the hotel's 80th anniversary. This grand old Dame has aged well.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>babygenius
<Content>Best in HK We were on a winter getaway package, and this package can immediately upgrade your room the next level suite (Superior Suite)However, when we got the hotel, we were upgraded to a Deluxe Harborview Suite, which is like 3x better than the room we booked. It definitely hit us as a huge surprise (we went on a busy weekend)The suite is very spacious and I love the decor in our living area. Peninsula HK got its own original style different than the other hotels around Victoria harbor.The view in our suite is amazing, we enjoyed looking out to the window over the river in our bed at night. The jacuzzi in the bathroom has its own view too (not the river though)We only stayed for two nights, but we didn't get newspaper the 2nd day, and there was no turndown service, I was a bit surprisedThe afternoon tea in the hall is like night market, we didn't have the tea but was scared by what we saw....I think they should have some other area especially for the staying guestsI don't really like Gaddi's in Peninsula, the food is average though the service is top notch. I've heard some other restaurants are really good but didn't have the chance to try them allOverall, Peninsula is still the best place  best location to stay in HK  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tabby_travels
<Content>Always a Satisfying Stay This was the fourth time in four years that we've stayed at the Peninsula and they continue to amaze me with their consistent, gracious service and the high quality of their accommodations. Each time we have stayed on average 10 nights. Having worked at one time in the hospitality industry, I am a very demanding person when it comes to hotels and I appreciate how difficult it is to maintain a high level of service on a consistent basis The Peninsula somehow manages to do just this. I have only two negative things to say: the lobby is very busy during the middle of the day - it is especially noisy and swarming with people at tea time with people waiting for a table. Also I've downgraded Felix, the bar at the top of the Peninsula from a chic must do to a frumpy must skip. We were there with a guest for pre-dinner cocktails and all three of us were surprised to see was full of people in jeans, snow jackets and knapsacks pushing to get the best views. Such is the price one pays for success.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Courtenay
<Content>Superb Hotel Experience       Decorated for Christmas  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boscobel
<Content>The Best In The world. Dont Be Silly!!!! Quite where the accolade of best hotel in world comes from I find bewildering!.Yes its good, in fact very good but not the best.The position. almost on the waterfront but not quite. The Intercontinental has a far better position. Its very nice being picked up from the airport by a rolls royce and the attendant staff are excellent, but of course you pay for it even when you are staying in a 拢650 a night suite for 7 nights. Surely for athe pretty substantial bill that comes at the end the transfer could be included.The foyer is a nightmare. Crammed with people either having a good gawp or a huge line queing to have afternoon tea which i would imagine one could quite easily get elsewhere .thus when you arrive one has to have a couple of people parting the crowds as Moses parted the Red Sea just to get to the lifts. Its a tourist attraction ok but make some allowance for the arriving guests.The rooms were ok. No better no worse than any hotel of that standard and price. The hot water system is somewhat troublesome and I frankly would have thought that someone would have taken the trouble to ensure that the double door entrance to your room actually fitted properly so that passing guests could not see clearly into the sitting room through the gap. Breakfast is passable but i have had better at the City Inn in Westminster. Lovely spa and swimming pool .Very attentive staff(no doubt being paid a pittance) We had to move room to a Kowloon view as we extended our stay and our suite was not available for the extended period. The Kowloon view is gastly so no stars for that. The Felix ,food good but the decor! ,rather strange. Methinks Mr Stark is marginally over-rated.I can only assume the travel writers claiming it to be the best in the world were perhaps enjoying a freebie. I have stayed in far better for a lot less.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bullypunkt
<Content>A class of it's own What a fantastic property. What sets this place apart are the service levels, which are world class throughout the hotel. Whether you enter the Spa, one of their restaurants or simply spend some time in the lobby: Every member of staff seems to take incredible pride in what they do and this is exactly why this property is amongst the best hotels in the world. The only disadvantage all this fame brings with it is the fact that there are masses of people trying to get in to take pictures of the place.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>uwis66
<Content>Absolutely loved the Peninsula Hotel What an amazing hotel! The room was large and luxurious.The location was great -- Kowloon side and close to everything, including the ferry terminal. The shops within the hotel are wonderful -- we wanted to have clothing and shoes made and it was so convenient to go to shops on the mezzanine level. We are very happy with the results. We stayed at the Peninsula just prior to Christmas and I was almost moved to tears at the beautiful decorations plus the daily live music in the main lobby.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bobajoblondon
<Content>Loved the Peninsula We stayed at the Peninsula on the first leg of our honeymoon ad loved it.We booked the Rolls Royce airport pick up and this was the 2nd best decision I made with our honymoon. The first was booking the harbour view room. The return airport cost in the Rolls was 拢100. If you go to this hotel you must do this, trust me, spend the money. The harbour view was fantastic, worth whatever we paid.The rooms were great, my wife loved the TV in the bath.We booked dinner at Gaddis rather than Felix. Another good decision. We had a fantastic meal. We had a look at Felix whilst we were there and didn't like it, not our cup of tea.People much better travelled than us rate this hotel as one of the best in the world. I have to say from what we saw I think it deserves this reputation.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anthonyuk
<Content>A stunning hotel I stayed at the Peninsula a couple of years ago and was incredibly impressed by it. That time I took a basic room and it was fantastic. This time I went for the full harbour view room and it was simply breath taking. Over and above the view, the room was beautiful - large bathroom with separate bath and shower, and two sinks; incredibly comfortable bed, and all the mod-cons while maintaining the grandeur and charm. You really cannot fault the rooms.The Spa too is amazing. I had a massage treatment and it was great.Finally, the service here is just incredible. Nothing is too much and everyone goes out of their way to make your stay special (including giving me a birthday cake compliments of the hotel).The rooms are not cheap, but they are worth every penny. I've stayed at a lot of so-called five star hotels that do not come up to scratch. This is a real five-star experience.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mac7471
<Content>Faultless Stayed at the Peninsula in early May 2007 en route to Australia and it was the highlight of our trip. For me, this is the best hotel I've ever stayed at (examples of other hotels I'm comparing it to include Raffles Singapore, The Dorchester London, George V in Paris etc.). Beautiful room and amenities, fantastic staff, gorgeous pool and the food at Felix is probably some of the best I've ever had in the world. The location is also great with amazing views of the harbour and the island. The hotel's proximity to the Star Ferry (one of the must-do journeys in any case) makes it convenient to stay in Kowloon. One additional tip: book the Rolls Royce transfer - it's well worth the money!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lesanglais
<Content>This is how all hotels should be.       And this was before afternoon tea!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jetbug
<Content>worth the rep we stayed here for our honeymoon and it was wonderful. being picked up by the green rolls royce at the airport was definately worth the small extra cost. The only fly in the ointment is that we couldn't get a restaurant booking until 10pm, which was dissapointing. We had also booked a return transfer with the rolls royce but told they were unavailable and we had to take a town car ( which was lovely but not what we'd ordered). The staff were helpful and the spa was amazing. The nicest thing about the hotel is the value for money. They could really rip you off here but they don't and it is all very reasonable. We loved staying here and felt really pampered and special. Its worth the rep!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mariobono
<Content>I am seeing Green and Rolls Royce's! No question this hotel is a great hotel. I just have a thing about front desk people who work in these top tier hotels who think they are so damn high and mighty. Nothing burns me more then when the front desk people are sneaky and deceptive to were they are letting you know that you have come to a great hotel and their for you must bow. Screw that nonsense. After that the hotel is incredible. I loved it and the rooms are great in size and decor. I love the dim sum restaurant they have (Spring Moon very highly recommended rather staying here or not and make reservations) and lobby restaurant (The Verandah no reservation usually need and didn't try the food but did indulge in the over priced beverages) is cool for morning coffee, afternoon tea and cocktail in the evening or perhaps a night cap (smoking allowed if that is something that floats your boat as it is in most of Hong Kong)鈥?I liked having a martini and Cuban in the afternoon after seeing the sights. This hotel has the comforts and service of a great hotel. But really in Hong Kong the service I have experienced is pretty much exceptional so I really don鈥檛 want to rant about it considering a majority of Hong Kong is a service oriented place anyhow. Overall exceptional and it is what you expect in a round about way when pay the price you pay to stay here and it is on the Kowloon side. Hong Kong side has the other perspective with the Ritz Carlton and what not. If you鈥檙e after a high end super nice hotel on the Kowloon side of Hong Kong then this one should do it for you. I think all of the staff is very helpful but they sure do in my perspective have an arrogant side to them but some people like that and expect I guess. I would stay here again for sure. One interesting thing I looked into but didn鈥檛 do is a helicopter flight from the hotel to Macau. I thought that would be cool to do. I little expensive but available but the better side of my conservativeness said ah just go with the turbo prop ferry. Oh well always something to do on a later date.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	1	4	2	

<Author>london100
<Content>amazing!!       the lobby  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>romatravel
<Content>sublime and magnificent Stayed at The Pen for 3 nights last month and it was fantastic. We booked the Rolls Royce transfers from the airport and were treated like royalty all the way. There were 3 staff waiting outside The Pen to greet us as the chauffeur has phoned ahead of our imminent arrival. We were shown straight to our room even though we had arrived at 0730 well before normal room availablity times. The room - a deluxe courtyard view was fantastic, I had requested a high floor so we had the best of the both worlds: a room in the original building and a superb harbour view. It was my partners birthday so we were greeted in the room with a bottle of champagne on ice and a birthday cake in addition to all their 'standard' extras.We had afternoon tea in the lobby but timed it wrong as there weren't any queues to jump being a resident!!! Cocktails in Felix to watch the Sound and Light Show was a letdown as it was full of local expats and totally lacked any atmosphere.We booked a massage and spa session and it was the best ever: a sauna with superb harbour views, an ice fountain to cool you down and a crystal steam room which was out of this world. The massage that followed was equally superb and the whole experience was worth every penny.Admitedly when you're in the lobby area you feel like one of the many tourists but when you walk to the lifts and press the button as a resident the experience changes dramatically and nothing is too much trouble......a wonderful hotel.....best city hotel ever  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MetroDad
<Content>Crowds galore In theory, the Peninsula is a top hotel. The service and attention to detail are truly astounding. Doormen recognize you from your stay several years ago. Butlers show up at your door within minutes. And, as many have mentioned, they truly have done a nice job melding Old World style with the Modern Age. It's no wonder that the Peninsula remains as popular as it is.And the popularity of the hotel is my problem with them.The hotel is simply overrun and crowded at all hours of the day. I understand it's a landmark attraction. However, at those prices, I expect a little more solitude and restraint. The lobby is teeming with tourists. High tea has become a joke. And hotel patrons don't seem to get priority on any of the inhouse restaurants. Sometimes, the whole place seems like a free-for-all. Again, I have no real qualms about the hotel. However, for those of you who might be seeking a quieter or more discrete hotel, I would consider staying elsewhere.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>c0untFl0rida
<Content>A Fine Hotel, But It Did Not Meet High Expectations Not as good as expected, although it is a very fine hotel. All the top things we wanted to do - early check-in, dinner at Felix, Rolls Royce transfer to the airport, were unavailable, or only available too late, i.e., Felix dinner at 10 PM. The suite in the original building was very nice, exceptionally well set up and furnished, but it could have used a bit of silicone in the bath, and the included breakfast was at best marginal. High Tea in the lobby restaurant was a bit of a disappointment as well. One positive note, we did take the slightly lower cost (HK$ 850) Mercedes (vs. HK$ 950 for the RR) transfer to the airport, where a liveried attendant awaited us with a baggage cart, and guided us through the formalities right up to security - an exceptionally nice touch. A hotel of this caliber and price sets your expectations very high, and unfortunately the Peninsula did not deliver! Seven years ago we stayed across the street at the Regent (now the Intercontinental) and found it a bit better.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	4	3	2	

<Author>ivanciment
<Content>Worth its rating The staff here knows it has a reputation to protect and they work hard to do so. I had a deluxe room on the 27th floor with a harbor view; I think you get a better value by taking the junior suite at the Intercontinental but the location here is a bit more convenient. Food and beverage are excellent; the spa is at the top tier in the world; and if you call for anything from housekeeping they kick butt in terms of getting it to your room almost immediately. Concierge was very helpful; they arranged to have my shopping boxes shipped to the US so that I didn't have to carry everything with me and made sure that the boxes were sealed well. Tea in the lobby is a treat and breakfast is quite good. Definitely a place to try out at least once if you're in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Samson34
<Content>One of the best If one top hotel in the world should be benchmark for the luxury hotel business, it's the Hongkong Peninsula.Classic, Grande Dame hotel style, with white gloved waiters and afternoon tea, but at the same time modern and pretty stylish.Truly, one of the most exclusive places to stay when being in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Julie-AnnFrost
<Content>I Would Recomend This Hotel to Anyone       Bath with TV  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beachbabe2406
<Content>Excellent Hotel with somewhat unneccessary rules I'd been to hong kong for the past 10 years and often stayed at hotels around tsim tsa tsui area because it's close to some shopping areas. This time, my family and I decided to stay at Peninsula. When we stepped in, we find nothing exceptionally special about the decor. Just plain, white pillars, and the design is probably european style but much simpler. The receptionist was excellent and guided us right into the room. Customer service was just excellent until the next day when we went down for breakfast. Once I sat down, someone told me something in broken english and pointed to my pants and sandals so i believe he was talking about my short pants and sandal but for heavens sake! I spent so much money staying in this hotel in the middle of a hot summer month just to be asked to dressed into something more 'approvable. Just because of that, I will never return to the hotel. Seriously, sheraton is much better(just right across). They have no such restrictions, it's half the price, their bed is heavenly(yes, better than peninsula's) and the people speaks excellent english.Plus, they have a sky lounge with very fresh oysters.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	2	5	

<Author>TJE35
<Content>Fantastic We stayed here for 4 nights as part of our Honeymoon. We had a delux room and booked the Rolls Royce airport transfers.The hotel is outstanding. They have managed to retain the grand old feel to the hotel whilst feeling utterly modern as well! A perfect blend. The staff where far more helpdul and attentive than I imagined they would be. Particually the concierge, the staff couldn't have been more helpful.Hong Kong is fantatstic, so much to do and see!The Rolls Royce transfer, although a luxary, is a must! They meet you right off the play and whisk you through the airport. Makes you feel very sepcial.Go to the Felix restaurant in the hotel (top floor), ultra modern with stunning views. Afternoon tea, although full of tourists is a must, just to savour the grand feel of the lobby and to people watch.If you have never been to Hong Kong, then there is only one hotel you can stay at!!!!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>samcraig33
<Content>Great hotel but Useless Concierge and Construction! Dont get me wrong this hotel is a beautiful and is of 5 star standard but I was really disappointed with the level of service of the conceirge and the construction going on around the hotel. The hotel is situated in a great location in Kowloon- close to the harbour; nathan road; harbour city; and the star ferry. Our hotel room was on the 23rd floor facingf Kowloon and actually had a really good view. The room itself is spacious with nice bathroom.My only problem with this hotel is that their website doesnt tell you about the construction- road works going on around the hotel meaning that walking across the road to the harbour front becomes a real hassle with numerous diversions to get there!Apart from this the conceirge could not of been more useless if they tried. We asked to get directions to disneyland and I was asked 'why?'. Also, they were going to book us 2 tickets to the IMAX but when we went to collect them they werent there- they had forgot!On the other hand, one of the best things about this hotel is the spa- which i would highly recommend to anyone wanting to relax and unwind- the relaxation room has wonderful views out to the harbour and the treatments are gerat.I would also recommend the verandah restaurant for sunday lunch and ask for a window table so you can watch the world go by!The peninsula is an institution in Hong Kong and has a lot of history. I would stay there again but only when the construction has finished and wouldnt use the concierge for anything!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Clydeview
<Content>You're going to love it If, like me, you regularly look up hotels and destinations on Trip Advisor to get an idea of how good or how bad a place is, let me reassure you right away on the Peninsula Hotel. If you are planning on staying here, you have made an excellent choice.  My husband I decided to go all out on our honeymoon and booked the Peninsula for our short 2 night stop in Hong Kong at the start of our honeymoon and we loved every single second of it. Our honeymoon was booked through Trailfinders (who were excellent also) and after seeing the hotel featured in their brochure we just couldn鈥檛 resist it. We treated ourselves the the Rolls Royce transfer to and from the airport, which cost about 拢130 and was really worth it as an extra special treat. From the very second we arrived in Hong Kong, we were met as soon as we stepped off the plane by an airport representative and taken to immigration on a little buggy which was great as it was quite a walk away from where we landed! We were met right at the other side by the airport representative and a representative from The Peninsula and they helped us to collect our bags. We didn鈥檛 lift a finger! From there we were escorted to our Rolls Royce and took the 20 minute drive into the city. Pure luxury! At the hotel, our bags were whisked away and check in was very easy and we were accompanied to our room by a member of reception staff. As part of our package with Trailfinders, we were to be upgraded from a Superior Double to a Deluxe Courtyard room, but we ended up being upgraded to a Grand Kowloon View Room on the 26th Floor 鈥?right opposite the Peninsula Suite itself. I think we paid roughly 拢240 a night. I have seen Hilton Hotels in the UK which charge more than this for rooms that do not even come close to this one. It was stunning, wonderfully furnished with beautiful lighting, marbled bathroom and very comfortable bed. As well as the customary fruit selection and welcome tea, they had left a card addressed to us with a bottle of Champagne and a box of truffles, congratulating us on our wedding and wishing us an enjoyable honeymoon 鈥?a lovely touch. We had a designated personal room assistant during our stay who turned our room down every night for us 鈥?not something I would usually ask for, for fear of looking a bit pretentious but it was lovely to have it done. On the first evening we used the pool facilities which are simply outstanding. The pool itself with it鈥檚 Roman-esque pillars and marble was beautiful with relaxing lighting and a lovely lounger area where you can relax and enjoy a cool glass of green tea, which they present you with as soon as you arrive in the pool area. The pool bar at the side features table where you can sit and enjoy the view from the floor to ceiling window looking out over Hong Kong Harbour. We had dinner there on the second night and watched the Symphony of Lights show over the harbour which is quite an experience. Even the changing rooms for the men and women are an experience! All the ladies will understand when I say that the ladies changing room featured plenty of fluffy robes, towels and slippers and the complete range of Clarins skincare products for all skin types! In the evening, we had dinner at the Spring Moon Cantonese Restaurant. All in all, for the two of us we must have spent about 拢100, which is what I might have expected to pay for a similar meal at home in far less impressive surroundings. We had Champagne, my husband a tasting menu featuring at least 6 generous courses, and a 2 course meal for me.We went for a cocktail in the Felix bar at the end of the night and, unless I went to the wrong place, I was not particularly impressed! The restaurant looked nice enough downstairs and when we headed upstairs to the bar we found ourselves in a tiny little mezzanine where people were cramped in around a small bar in the middle. Admittedly it had lovely views across the harbour but no better than those in the pool bar where the atmosphere is far less cramped. Our strawberry Champagne cocktail was lovely but I was disappointed in the bar I have to say. It didn鈥檛 live up to the hype at all. However, everything else was so wonderful that it did not in the least bit cloud my judgement on the hotel as a whole.We had breakfast each day in the Verandah Restaurant and it was excellent. The service was second to none and everyone was very pleasant. There was a good mix of choices for breakfast, hot and cold, and the price was around 拢15 each 鈥?the same as a decent hotel in the UK.On our last afternoon we enjoyed afternoon tea in the Lobby, which was fantastic! I can recommend it highly. I got tea for one and there was probably enough for the two of us with a selection of little finger sandwiches, French patisseries, mini savouries and little two large scones with jam and clotted cream. Wonderful!Hong Kong itself was great. When we were there the weather was humid and quite misty so we didn鈥檛 get to see the best of the scenery from Victoria Peak but it was well worth going up and getting the Star Ferry was good fun. We went along the shops in Nathan Road and got a few bargains, including a new Ipod where we saved about 拢50 against UK retail price. Other bargains to be had are mostly on cameras, handbags and some jewellery, and of course on tailored clothes. My husband and I bought tailored shirts which cost us about 拢20 each from Sam鈥檚 Tailors and he delivered them to our hotel the very next day. Whilst we were in his shop, a couple were ordering suits and for 7000HKD (or about 拢450) they ordered a man鈥檚 tailored suit in part cashmere material with jacket and 2 pairs of trousers, and a woman鈥檚 suit also in cashmere material with a skirt and trousers. Not bad and well worth it for the quality of the workmanship. If you can hold off buying a suit for work until you go here, you will pay what you pay on the UK High Street for a much better quality suit, made to measure.I would recommend this hotel wholeheartedly if you are going to Hong Kong, especially if it鈥檚 for a special occasion. For those coming from the UK, you will not find the hotel excessively expensive as even if a hotel with similar service standards to this could be found in the UK (and I don鈥檛 believe it could) you would have to pay more than double the price for it. I can not praise it or its staff highly enough.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ddoran
<Content>why it merits its 5 stars my wife and I stayed there last weekjust a quick storyWhen we were being escorted to our room by our European student/trainee, she could not enter the elevator with us as 3 people cut her off, requiring her to take the next one.It was a very busy day in the lobby as many weddings were being held. We went to the room and the bellboy showed us our roomShe soon she joined us to show us the room a second time.One hour later, we recieved a personal note from the manager apologizing for this and he sent us a bottle of red wine and a box of their chocaletes.This was for no inconvenience on us or error of their staff.Amazing!The 28th floor Felix restaurant has an incredible view. The food is fine but the wine overpriced.Fortunately, Delaneys Pub is just a few minutes walk and the Guinness is always well poured there.  DD  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jayseetoo
<Content>Perfect place to end a holiday We decided to stopover in Hong Kong after a holiday in New Zealand ( which was fabulous - and Air New Zealand were great) and chose the Peninsula as an end of holiday treat. What a great decision.We came off our flight very early in the morning and were picked up right as we disembarked the plane -driven to passport control - picked up at the other side to get our luggage and and taken to our waiting Rolls Royce - flashy, I know, but we are unlikely to ever get another chance to ride in one. We were checked in for one of our rooms immediately which meant that we had a full day to spend after a shower and freshen up. We ate at Felix on our first night ( of 2) at 6 - there is an early bird menu which was very good value and excellent quality. My daughter and I had to dash for some treatments at the spa ( tough, I know). I had my 2 hour massage treatment in a room with one complete glass wall overlooking the harbour...magical.In the meantime my daughter and I had missed the laser show at 8 every evening but we caught it from the deck outside the swimming pool the next night.We had harbour view adjoining rooms - pay extra for them, it is well worth it. We had the afternoon tea to be part of the tradition though my son and daughter decided to have club sandwiches instead - which they said were great and to be honest they are not easily pleased.We had little time left but felt we had to have a traditional Chinese meal before we did so we booked at Serenade right across the street in the Cultural Centre. We were a bit lost on the ordering but what we got was great and very reasonably priced.We had a bit of a hoo ha on the morning we were leaving as the car we opted for instead of the Rolls needed some adjustments to the seats to accommodate the massive amount of luggage we accumulated. The driver and porter apologised profusely for this which made me feel a bit guilty. We have learned a lot about travelling within our capabilities on the luggage front for future trips.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Abres
<Content>Grande Old Lady, a wee stody tho We splurged and stayed for 3 days at the HK Peninsula on Kowloon. It was fabulous that they pick you up from the airport in a Rolls Royce, that was a real treat!The room was very large and the bathroom was palatial. The pool was great as well, with underwater music. We ate dinner at their Chinese restaurant which was quite good. The pool has a fabulous view of Hong Kong Island and is a great sunset spot, with a deak overlooking the water. However the service was a bit stodgy. At the pool, we were reprimanded for wearing flip flops and the hotel recommends NOT wearing shorts in the common areas. Plus, we had to pay $10USD per 15 minutes for email access in their over busy business center.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>safetyzone
<Content>Experience of a lifetime Me and my husband got married recently, and shortly after the wedding we had to host another party in Hong Kong for my relatives who couldn't make it to the ceremony in the UK. Our party was hosted in the Peninsula so we had 2 free nights in their suite, but we extended our stay at the hotel by paying extra. We stayed in the normal double room for the first night and the suite for the rest. And I'm glad to say that our stay did not disappoint.Once we arrived at the hotel, we were taken up to our room and all the check in was done there. Free fruit and chocolates were placed in the room, and shortly after arrival we were given a fresh pot of Chinese tea. The room was surprisingly spacious, all the facilities were modern and easy to use, and I loved the TV in the bathroom. Our room was not harbour view (you have to pay extra for it), but it didn't really bother me (well, it was a gift from family so can't really complain!). All rooms in the hotel also had this little cat flap (as we called it) situated in the wardrobe that newspapers are delivered and laundry collected, and we found it quite cute.We had in room breakfast the next morning, portions were sufficient but not as big as I expected. Quality was fine.We had to change rooms on the second day, and despite the difficulty to get the suite early, once that was done, the move was smooth. They picked up everything we left in the room and moved everything for us, which we were grateful for (they even hung up some clothing for us). The nice surprise was that we thought we were going to get a suite with garden view originally, but we discovered instead that we had the most spectacular harbour view - and the suite was absolutely huge! There were some handmade chocolates in the room for us as well. We also got a complimentary champagne breakfast because of the wedding package.Throughout the stay what impressed us the most was the impeccable service. We felt so pampered we really didn't want to go. The only negative point during the stay was the signal 8 typhoon that closed all doors but the trade entrance at the hotel, but obviously that's not the hotel's fault. And despite the fact that it's one of the most expensive hotels in Hong Kong, I still think it's worth it. It was a truly amazing experience.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Grunty
<Content>5 Star Luxury Simply one of the best hotels in the world.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>goonette
<Content>Fabulous, a great experience! Wow! This has to be the best hotel in the world by a long way!Picked up by a Rolls Royce, met at the door to the hotel by the business manager who escorted you to your room and checked you in personally, in room. Fresh fruit and chocolates in the room each day. Beautiful suite and bathroom, very comfortable bed. Amazing breakfast and great food in the restaurants.What really makes this hotel stand out is the amazing level of service. There are so many staff on hand to help you with anything you need. They all speak amazing english and are really willing to help. I actually don't think I can criticise this hotel at all, my stay was just amazing and I am finding it hard to find words to describe my experience.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>amr7
<Content>the big penny hong kong pure luxury spoils you from going any where else in the worldeveryone was very friendly and could not have been more helpful from the front door staff to the manager. we got priority seatting for afternoon tea which made us feel like royaltiy.pool was out of this world and the views were spectacular.room service was superlative , as was the whole experience.the suite was first class as was the bath/room/shower room.overall a truly wonderful and memorable time was had by all.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Juanee
<Content>Peninsula high! After almost 2 weeks of China, settling in at the Peninsula was the best!Of course, after contacting the Peninsula from Beijing about our sorry condition (our flights were cancelled and might arrive in Shenzhen in the middle of the night).. the hotel offered very sound solutions. talk about emergency.. top marks there...When we got in... I felt they were genuinely concerned since we havent shown up till around near midnight.Our room was lovely, everything you can ask for... even cables to view your China pictures from the cam to the TVTopnotch room, service top notch. (Thanks to Ricci). Breakfast was good (adequate) and facilities were wonderful.One note though: Eating at Felix can be a hit or miss thing. when we ate there, food was disappointing, service was a miss, staff looked bored and tired the experience was totally uninspiring even with a knockout view of the harbor (maybe thats what happens after 10 years)Afternoon Tea is a lovely but maddening experience... i honestly think you might want to try the Landmark MO or the Mandarins Afternoon Tea... not too shabby and quieter!Other than FELX... PENINSULA is tops  damn glam!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheFussyRoadWarrior
<Content>Hong Kong's Grande Dame Still Grand Hong Kong's Grande Dame Still GrandI have been traveling with my family of 5 (including young children) for 3 weeks through Japan and Hong Kong. We booked into the Peninsula for a 5-night stay to finish off our summer vacation before returning to the US. I have to say that the Peninsula delivered on all of its promises. The front desk was efficient, gracious and extremely helpful. We were given 2 beautiful rooms on the 24th floor facing away from the harbor (make sure to book a harbor view, it is worth everything). There is much construction in the neighborhood and t we were rattled out of bed the first morning at 7am by the sounds of pneumatic jackhammers (not the fault of the hotel). After a glorious breakfast in the huge lobby restaurant, we explained our noise issue with the manager. With class and efficiency he provided us with 2 glorious rooms with full frontal views of Victoria Harbor and Hong Kong Island and they were wonderfully QUIET! The Peninsula holds an historic place in the building of this dynamic city. The hotel clearly operates with a deep understanding of this past and I hope that this ensures its future as of one of the world鈥檚 great hotels. Here are some quick bullet points: Get a harbor view or stay elsewhere. It is just too special. Kowloon should not be considered a step-sister to Hong Kong Island. It is dynamic, interesting and the Star Ferry is just a short walk from the hotel so the distance is just not an issue. Be sure to visit the Lady鈥檚 market on Kowloon. High Tea at the Peninsula is a must (even if you stay elsewhere but get a reservation if you can. The wait can be quite long. This is a signature Hong Kong experience. Avoid 鈥淪poon鈥?at the Intercontinental, Hong Kong. It exposes one of the less desirable aspects of HK life, its social elitism and blatant age discrimination. We have traveled worldwide with our children and this was the first time we were rejected for a table because we were dining with children. The reservation was booked through the wonderful concierge staff at the Peninsula. The hostess and manager were rude and un apologetic. Bad form Mr. Ducasse - your staff at Mix in Las Vegas is so warm to my family . We certainly had high hopes for Spoon and expected more from you. Enough said. We tuned these lemons into lemonade and dined instead at Nobu鈥?next to Spoon at the Intercontinental. Great meal, ambiance and staff. I Highly recommend Nobu. Finally, we experienced Dim Sum at Maxim鈥檚 Palace in City Hall, HK. Another must if you are in HK for a Sunday. Overall, the Peninsula was the foundation to a fantastic stay in HK. Cheers to the PHK Staff and long live the Grande Dame of Kawloon.I wish to share one hopefully helpful observation after years of traveling abroad with children: We have found that the places that are most welcoming of our children are categorically the finest establishments and most rewarding experiences. Those that are not usually are disappointing at best. If you book a hotel and they flinch at your traveling with children I recommend that you find another. All the best from the Road. FRW  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>guigama
<Content>terrible experience One of the worst experience I ever had.It looks like they are doing a favour to us.We were paying a lot of money to stay there, and it look like you are just another one there.I don麓t reccomend this hotel to others.After this hotel I wen to the langhan place, and we were very happy.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mozza47
<Content>It's a tourist attraction more than a hotel After a month travelling through China we decided to treat ourselves to a few nights in the iconic Peninsula Hotel; and it certainly is a superlative hotel. Generous, well-equipped rooms (even a multimedia centre to look at your digital pictures on the room tv!) gracious staff, rows of Rolls Royces outside, appropriatey overpriced fb, but sitting in the lobby is like being in Disneyland; there's non-stop lines of rubber-necking, gawking, chattering tour parties pouring through it. And that makes the pricey exclusive hotel a boor!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tagejg
<Content>You're gonna love it! Saw 'The Pen' on a TV documentary of The World's Top Hotels and it ranked number one with many. En route to Australia we decided to use it as a 2 night stop-over. It is a legend and rightly so. Paid for the Rolls Royce Phantom 2-way shuttle, which we felt was great value @ HK$1500 and it was worth every penny. Check-in was fuss free, the room [Deluxe harbour view] was lovely. We had afternoon tea but we waited in the queue with the rest of the world instead of letting someone know that we were resident - this would have saved us 45 minutes, which in the scale of things is hardly an issue. The service was excellent; exactly what we wanted, attentive but not 'in your face' and you really were made welcome by everybody. We would not hesitate to return and would recommend it to any discerning traveller.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tb921
<Content>Well-deserved Reputation I stayed in the Peninsula Hong Kong in April and fell in love. I was on a two-week trip to Asia (Tokyo, Osaka, Kyoto, and Hong Kong) and stayed in five-star hotels at each destination, but the Peninsula stood above the rest.We arrived late and were taken directly to our rooms to check in (always a treat to skip the front desk). We had 1 Grand Deluxe Harbor View Room and 1 Grand Deluxe Harbor View Suite for our party of four. Parents were in the suite, kids were in the room. Both were absolutely lovely. We were in the newer part of the hotel so everything was fresh and perfectly clean. The artwork was impressive, the beds were very comfortable, the bedside controller was fun (turned the lights on/off, opened/closed curtains, turned the TV on/off, etc., etc.), the bathroom was well-equipped -- even the fruit was exotic, tasty, and beautiful. Most impressive, however, were the views. Stunning.Service is the room was impeccable. Everyone from the maid to the woman who picked up the laundry to the room service deliverer was cheerful, friendly, and efficient. Every request was carried out quickly and correctly.The lobby was even more beautiful than the rooms. The surrounding shops are only the creme de la creme. Afternoon tea is authentic and tasty. Staff members are everywhere and seem to anticipate your needs before you express them. It even smells heavenly.One of my favorite parts of this hotel was the fleet of Rolls-Royces. We rented one on a few occassions during our stay and it was great fun -- don't miss it. The spa was also wonderful.I travel extensively and have high standards and this property rates very highly in my book.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pip1200
<Content>Faultless This is the hotel standard that others should aspire to. Went to celebrate my sister's birthday. Recommend the Green Rolls Royce transfer. On check in were upgraded to a suite which was amazing. Room service and food and bar fantastic. Our flight home wasn't til 9 p.m. so we had a late check out at no extra cost. I wouldn't stay anywhere else in Hong Kong. Staff knowledgeable and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aidan60657
<Content>Special hotel, ignorant front desk manager What a special hotel. Really fantastic in almost every way. Stayed for about a week in March with my partner and we were blown away.The only problem was a really bizarre issue with the room when we checked in. The check in clerk did his stuff at the desk (card, sign here, etc) and then he took us up to our room. The only problem was that there were two twin beds instead of one big bed. When I asked him to correct that, he left us in the room for 30 minutes. We didn't know what to do, couldn't unpack, didn't want to get stuck into the minibar, etc. After 30 minutes, we went downstairs to find the guy... he said that he was trying to find another room. We asked what to do in the meantime, and he suggested we go for a walk. Now, in a place world famous for its service, I thought a free drink was in order but they looked genuinely put out by this whole deal.How many couples stay in a 5* hotel in separate twin beds??Anyway, in retrospect, it's a small issue that was not repeated the rest of the stay. You owe it to yourself to order the sweet and sour pork either from room service or the hotel's chinese restuarant. It's amazing.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>A319
<Content>Faultless I have stayed in several 5* hotels arond the world, but this is a class above anything that I have experienced bafore. From the second you are met in the arrivals hall you are entering into the world of the Peninsula: the operation is so slick it could not be improved upon. We were escorted to the awaiting Rolls Royce for the transfer (excellent value at around 拢50) and treated like royalty. There was no waiting and every person who I was passed onto greeted me by my name. Good afternnoon Mr Jones. As the car came to a halt outside the hotel, the door was immediately opened. Just excellent.The remainder of the stay was accompanied with the same excellent service. The room was excellent. Quite frankly I can find no fault. Even if you are not staying at the hotel I would recommend a visit for afternoon tea. And take the time to visit the loo where the attendant turns the taps on for you and passes you a pressed linnen towel to dry your hands.I had my 42nd birthday whilst I was staying in the hotel. Imagine my surprise when I returned to the room in the afternoon to find a birthday card and cake from the hotel. It was not asked for, they just did it.The return to the airport was equally efficient and slick. I was taken to the airline desk where the hotel staff assisted with the check in and thereafter along to the passport control where we parted.I could go on with supurlatives, but what is the point? It was just faultless.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Garal
<Content>The best at the Peninsula We were treated like family. We really felt taken care of. Our 8 year old son joined us on this trip (12 days in Hong Kong). The breakfast was wonderful, tea in the lobby~ outstanding. The pool is beautiful and plush. Everything was top notch! The food at the Chalet was good, but a bit heavy (lots of cheese).  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ItalyMid30s
<Content>Best hotel experience ever The Peninsula is a real treat from the very moment you approach the reception desk. We were personally led to our room by one of the reception officers, and were given an attentive and personal reception. In our case the room had one of the best views across the harbour (actually, one of the best hotel views we've had so far), and was confortable and well furnished. The best thing of this hotel, apart from the position, is the service: whenever you need them they're there. At the same time, they are almost invisible if you do not need them.A good feature of this hotel is the indoor swimming pool, with its huge windows that allow you to enjoy the sunset on the skyscrapers while swimming. They let you use the swimming pool and the spa until the end of the day you check out, which is a very nice thing in a city witha climate like HK.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cortez55403
<Content>outstanding For our first trip to Hong Kong, we chose the Peninsula based on its reputation and historical role over the last 80 years. It was superb.As mentioned by many, it was Service that was key. Met at the curb by a front desk rep, we were quickly transferred to our rooms. Throughout our 4 day stay, we used room service for breakfast (included in our rate), enjoyed the afternoon tea (also included) and shopped at the hotel's arcade. Custom made suit at Mode Elegante -- a worthwhile splurge.New to the hotel is a superb spa. Two floors of Asian luxury with the best treatment rooms and waiting area (steam, sauna with view of the harbor, special shower with 3 climate settings, and a quiet room with indidual chair/beds with earphones). I have seen. Even better than Mandarin Oriental London or Miami. Total top of the line.Only two nits: no great bar. Only bar was a smoky 2nd floor space with no view -- cigars for American and Japanese businesmen. Also, restuarant Felix on top floor was quite poor. Dated decor by Starck matched by bland, boring food. Reviews were quite misleading here.We would definitely stay here again. Transfer to the airport in the new Rolls Royce Phantoms (also included in rate) topped off the wonderful stay.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>second row
<Content>Sprightly lady The Grand Dame of Hong Kong Hotels was as sprightly as ever on this visit.The Rolls Royce transfer(round trip) is fabulous and a real bargain ,the rooms are a good size and superbly appointed and the service is just about as good as it gets.The swimming pool is a delight and the harbour views from the roof top bar (cool design) are stunning.The only downsides are the adjacent Nathan road which is a mecca for hustlers and the continuing construction nearby, but I guess that's HK.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Topned
<Content>"My Home Away from Home" My first dealings with this hotel was back in 2003 when my wife and I visited Hong Kong. Having heard of this legendary classy hotel and wanting to try it out, I asked my friends; who were locals; to see if they could get us a good package.We managed to get a 5 nights with 3 wishes package; during Peninsula's 75th Anniversary celebration. With the three wishes, it basically enabled us to receive three freebies from a list of 5 or 6. From that list were free daily breakfast for two for 3 days, or a dinner for two at the Lobby restaurant, or free round trip limo transfer utilising the hotel's Rolls Royce fleet; free room upgrade; or the 1 hr massage session for two. We chose the room upgrade, free breakfast and dinner for two in the Lobby restaurant.On arrival late in the evening, we were promptly and professionally attended to by the door man and bell boy, who arranged for the luggage to be brought to our room. We then entered the main entrance into the lobby and what can i say but wow..... a world of old English charm and opulence; as I was led to the check-in desk. Upon having the paperwork signed and out of the way, we were personally escorted to our room. We booked a Deluxe room but with one of our wishes, got upgraded to a Grand Deluxe Harbour View room......and with the curtains drawn; it was a jaw dropper....... Hong Kong is gorgeous at night...... and this was a view to die for.From memory, the room was quite spacious with hints of oriental old world charm ; and the discrete use of wooden furniture and fine fabric imparted alot of warmth to the room. The bathroom exuded opulence in a different way, via use of mood lighting and via granite and green marble highlights from floor to ceiling. Yes it is spacious and yes it is very inviting. I also loved the heavy duty shower head that blasted pellets of rain drops to sooth those aching muscles after a long flight.Other nice touches included a welcoming cake and bottle of champagne (probably because we told them it was our honeymoon) and basket of fresh fruit and small gifts/mementos to celebrate Peninsula's 75th Birthday. Over the 5 night stay, we were pampered and spoilt by this 5 star hotel; and has led me to make a vowel that this would be my home away from home ; whenever i visit Hong Kong.And to top it off, as the saying goes; not only did we have the cake but we were able to eat it too..... because my local friend was able to arrange a package for me, the whole 5 night stay ended up costing us only US$1100 (rack rate is normally about US$500-600 for a room like this). Needless to say; i was exuberant to a point that you could not wipe the smirk off my face on the way to the airport.Fast forward to 2006; and with this recent trip; we arrived with our 2 year old baby girl ( .......no, she was not conceived at this hotel) :-) and were determined this time around to really test the hotel.... you know see if it really lives up to it's 5 star status and i am pleased to report, we were not let down.Sure, to be classed as a 5 Star Hotel, you can offer the nicer luxuries such as a marbled grand foyer filled with the warmth of a live quartet , extensive use of fine furniture; tv screen at base of bathtub, free wireless internet access, and a gorgeous view of the harbour. Any 5 star hotel can offer this, but what really sets The Peninsula apart from most of the establishments is Service. This hotel prides itself on service and it passed with flying colours from the tests that i laid before it. One such test was put forward when we dined out the night before and brought back a take away container. It was stored in the fridge and as there was no heating facilities in the room, i decided to call room service to come up and heat it for me. They arrived within 2 minutes of the phone call, brought it away and returned me my container, heated and all within 5 minutes without any fuss or qualm. No expectation of tips or anything and totally professional.The second test involved us purchasing some exotic drinks from the shops that the mini bar didnt carry and when we ordered a bucket of ice together with our room service; there were no questions such as would you like any drinks with that ?  or  why do you want that for if you are not ordering drinks ?. They just do it, do it promptly and leave you to enjoy.These little things may not be such a big deal for some but hey, it's the little things they do that goes a long way.Speaking of small things that sets this hotel apart, we advised them of our 2 year old baby girl and in the bathroom; they had for her a baby size cotton robe and matching slippers. I didn't even think a 5 star hotel would be capable of being as thorough as what The Peninsula has been; in making our stay this pleasurable.We also got to try out the indoor pool this time which my baby girl loved and I thoroughly recommend people to visit this 5 star establishment. If it's service you want on top of all the luxuries, then this hotel is it !To the person who posted before me who was disappointed that they were rushed with their breakfast. Did you know that you can order that breakfast and have it delivered to your room; as room service; without incurring any extra charges ? This is what i mean by service, as i like to laze around in my room and take time with breakfast in bed.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwisam3
<Content>Great, but not perfect I decided to treat our family on our trip back from London to Hong Kong by staying at this landmark hotel. Overall, it is was a fabulous experience. As we were travelling with our two small children (aged one and three) we were concerned about whether the hotel would suit them, but it was fantastic. We stayed in the original part of the hotel, and had a hotel room which was large by any standard. My son had a roll out bed on the floor, with bright coloured bedding provided. There were child size robes and slippers, and colouring pencils and teddy bears for the kids.The room was fine, but slightly faded...there is nothing to pinpoint as being wrong with it, but it was traditional rather than modern in design and decor. That said, the kids appreciated the tv at the end of the bath...As for the service, well, everything you read is true. We found the service to be the best we have ever had, having stayed at many five star hotels. A problem with our room was fixed in minutes, my husband left our room safe unlocked, and it was relocked, a note left, and the duty manager came up to unlock it for us. We were often greeted by name by the staff. Room service was excellent, with a good selection for children.The one down point was the buffet breakfast. We arrived on a late flight and woke up jet lagged at 10am. We arrived down for the buffet breakfast at 10.15 (it was due to close at 10.30am). We were told we could only stay in the restaurant for 15 minutes, and were asked TWICE if we wanted anything else as they wanted to start clearing the food away. Not exactly what I would expect from a hotel of that standard, we felt we were in the way and inconveniencing the staff.We would however go back next time...the spa facilities looked great, and we took our children into the indoor pool. The service at the spa/pool area was also excellent.It could be a bit more child friendly without losing any ambience - for example providing child proof mini bars etc, and socket covers, which is something the Ritz Carlton does. The pool would also not really be suitable for children if it was busy, but when we were there it was nearly empty.Plus the location is great.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Gone2room
<Content>One of the best hotels I've ever stayed at       Bedroom sitting area  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>orisam
<Content>Absolutely Fabulous This hotel is wonderful. The service received is second to none and nothing is too much trouble for the staff (I mislaid a ring after checking out of the room, told reception and they took me back up to room to look for it, by the time I got there with the manager there were 5 staff searching the room and a plumber turned up to check the drains!) Thankfully the ring was found. The rooms are very comfortably appointed and the Spa is very relaxing with a wonderful view of Hong Kong Harbour. Two things you must do is go up to The Felix bar and go to the toilets, the view in the evening is breathtaking and book the Rolls Royce transfer to/from the airport (well worth the pennies!)All in all this is a very nice hotel in a superb location with staff who cannot do enough for you and would recommend to anyone visiting Hong Kong.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mmontanagirl
<Content>Wonderful Fantastic location, beautiful room, great restaurants, excellent gym and spa. I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Atourman
<Content>Luxury and Service Beyond Superb After travelling by backpack for 2 weeks in Mainland China, we decided to splurge and book our last night in Hong Kong at the Peninsula Hotel. The best decision we could have made! Everything about this hotel is first class. We had an incredible suite package which included dinner for 2 at any of the hotel restaurants, (we chose Felix at the top of the hotel overlooking Victoria Harbor) breakfast for 2 the next morning, hotel transfers and free minibar consumption. The suite was opulent in every sense of the word. Fruit basket, chocolates and even a Peninsula bear for my daughter! The minibar was stocked with champagne, red and white wine, chocolates, cookies, snacks and several brands of liquor. We called down for a playstation to be delivered to our suite and several dvds from over 500+ titles! We never left the hotel for the next 36 hours, instead choosing to enjoy the pool and spa. The hotel even arranged a room for us until 6pm since our flight didn't leave until 10:30 pm. When we arrived at the airport for our return flight, we were met and escorted with our luggage right through to immigration control. We have travelled extensively around the world and I can say without hesitation that this was by far the best hotel experience to date.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TheGreatWhiteWay
<Content>Such mixed feelings       Baby amenity kit  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>doc50
<Content>Agreed, the best hotel ever! We would agree on everything the last person wrote! An absolutely unbelievable hotel for service, and complete 21st century facilities in a perfect old world style hotel, not a modern box. We too had the Rolls Royce transfer, pay for it! Met at gate and didn't touch our luggage again until it arrived with our welcoming tea from personal valet in room. Nothing too much trouble, every possible facility in room as standard. We want to go back!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CyberAynne
<Content>Best Hotel Ever Stayed At Fabulous location  impeccable service--staying at this hotel was amazing. We were picked up at the airport in one of the hotels Rolls Royces and delivered to our hotel in style (we paid extra for this service). Previous to our stay, the hotel emailed me to find out how old my son was (he was 19 at that time) upon telling him his age, they thanked me and said that they would not be decorating our room with teddy bears after all! During the stay my son got sick and the staff doctor came to our room, since he had chest pain, they sent us to the hospital in a cab with our own butler/guard. My son was fine and the next day when we returned from sightseeing, there was a hope you're feeling better platter of fruit and pastry. Also, our luggage had been lost upon arrival in Hong Kong and the concierge made it his top priortiy to track it down (which he did). We had a fax machine in our room and recieved faxes updating us on the status of our luggage...OK, that's enough--you can see that service was exceptional. The accommodations were traditional and very nice. The room was a good size and the food was great. Many tourists came to our hotel for Tea Time in the lobby, another excellent experience. We booked through our travel agent who discovered that the breakfast package was cheaper than booking the room alone! If you can swing it, stay at this hotel!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>awj
<Content>outstanding!!! There is just one word to describe the peninsula experience........OUTSTANDING! From the moment you are picked up from the airport in a Rolls Royce to the moment you are dropped off you enter a world of understated opulence that is almost beyond comparison.This hotel is ahead of its competitors as you feel cosseted from the word go. You feel that nothing is too much trouble....and it isn't.There are cheaper hotels but they are not of the same stature as The Peninsula. You get what you pay for. Without question, if you would like to stay here....do not hesitate. You will not be dissapointed!!!  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_Wandererd
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful Superb hotel. We were picked up at the airport in a Rolls Royce after a long flight in from New Zealand. All tiredness melted away as we were transported into another world. Rooms are lovely, service fantastic. Would not stay anywhere else in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Poverty_Jetsetter
<Content>Lived up to the hype Excellent service. Beautiful room. Absolutely lived up to the hype. Expensive, but worth it.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>painter2808
<Content>Mad about the Pen! We stayed at the 'Pen' as she is affectionately called for just one night after a 9 day tour of China. I must sound like a Philistine when I say that that night was the highlight of our trip in spite of the incredible sights we had seen in China. It had been an exhausting round of tours, airports and flights and the last straw was when we found we had been booked on a non existent flight from Hangzhou to HK. We arrived at the Pen at 7.30pm instead of 2.30pm and I was broken hearted. But we were upgraded to a Deluxe harbour view suite and I thought I had died and gone to heaven. I will not repeat what all the other reviews say but it is all true. You are spoilt and pampered and you enter a world which you do not want to leave. Having breakfast or tea in the lobby is entertainment itself- people watching at its best. There is very little formality- just old fashioned courtesy. It is the only hotel I ever want to stay in.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PandoraNorthSomerset
<Content>Absolutely fabulous What a wonderful stop over. We had a fabulous room overlooking the harbour. The staff were so attentive and the meal in the Gaddis restaurant is a must. I have stayed in some top Hotels in the world and this ranks in the top 5 so far. If you want to spoil yourself make sure the Rolls Royce collects you from the airport.We cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>puddleduck2
<Content>Lived up to expectations We spent 4 nights in the Pen at the end of a 3 week holiday in China. I'd read so much about this hotel and never having stayed in a 5 star hotel before, I was determined to stay here for some luxury at the end of our once in a lifetime trip.We were met by a man at arrivals who took us to our Rolls for our transfer. We were then met at the door by our check in clerk. She was extremely courteous and the process was very swift. Also, she noted that we had a late flight back home so told us we could use the spa facilities to shower etc, before we left, which was a nice touch.We stayed in deluxe courtyard room. Upon entry the foyer has a large wardrobe and dressing table. Leading off there is a separate loo and the bathroom. The bedroom/living room itself was very large and the bed simply huge and very, very comfortable. There was a plasma TV screen on the wall that you could angle to watch either in bed or on the sofa. Fresh fruit and water was delivered every day. There's a fax machine for your messages and mini bar (although it's horrible expensive). We had a partial harbour view as most of it is now obscured by a simply awful arts building of some sort - what an eyesore! The carpets are very thick and luxurious. If I could change one thing, I'd have tea/coffee making facilities in the room as it would have been nice to make one now and again but then again I suspect that in general those who stay there are used to being waited on hand and foot!The floor attendant was great (he brought us welcome tea within minutes of arriving) and showed us around the room and how everything worked. The bed was turned down every evening.We ate in the Veranda for breakfast one morning and can I honestly say it was superb. All the fruit was perfect - the raspberries where to die for. There was so much choice, and it's a lovely atmopshere (very colonial) that we lingered there for ages.We had the obligatory tea in the lobby one afternoon and as a guest you get priority seating which was nice. Again - it was a lovely experience.We popped into Felix one night for a drink and I have to say that was the only disappointment. We were directed up to the bar area on the right up the stairs as you enter and I have never been so underwhelmed in my life. The design is all style and no substance and full of posers. It feels like you are in a listing ship - bloomin' awful! We didn't stay long.The pool and the gym were both well equipped and the sundeck a great place to chill out. The staff in there were very obliging, following my husband around with water and wiping the machines after use!The hotel feels very olde world, like it hasn't changed in decades and I don't think that's a bad thing. All of the staff were billiant - from the guy who held the door open (Why is it we noticed that most people didn't say thank you to him? What's wrong with common courtesy?), to the floor attendant, to the conceirge, to waiters and the staff on reception. All of them made you feel special.The Penisula lived up to expectations. Thank you for making my dream come true.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Weegee
<Content>Wonderful Hotel and beyond perfect concierge I booked three nights in a basic suite on a stay over on my way to China to adopt a baby. Upon take off our plane caught on fire and we had to return to LA and leave late the next day. I emailed the peninsula to update them on our situation and the concierge changed tour reservations, dinner, room, airport pick up, spa, everything I had planned. She managed to fit in 3 days worth of sightseeing into a measly 29 hour stay in the city. We toured the city by Mercedes, were picked up in a Rolls Royce, we were upgraded to a truly unbelievable suite overlooking the harbor- The Scroll suite. I'd say it was 1,200 sq feet with 14 foot ceilings, chinese antiques, giant windows, a dining room table for 10 people, a wonderful bed and a deep comfortable tub. We arrived at 6AM and our room was ready for us. The front desk knew what had happened to our plane and greeted us with a, Hello- we are glad you arrived safely after what happened on your first flight. I lost my voice from, well from screaming so loud when our plane was on fire, and couldn't even whisper when we arrived at the hotel. The concierge was so thoughtful and worried that i wouldn't be able to speak to our baby when we met her a few days later that she suggested home remedies to help and wrote me a get well card. I just can't say enough about how lovely our stay was. The hotel even arranged for me to meet someone in the city who sold antique cameras- I collect them. I loved Hong Kong and think about our brief stay there and the hotel all the time. it was the best trip we have ever taken and it was only a little more than a day long.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maureen_Vancouver
<Content>Opulence at it's best       Bathroom soap boxes  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>I0it2DrBob
<Content>Fantastic We stayed here for 4 nights to celebrate our 10th wedding anniversary and my wife's birthday on New Year's Day. Throughout our stay we received nothing but outstanding service in this beautiful hotel. As soon as we arrived we were upgraded to a suite, offered complimentary champagne (which we declined as we don't drink; they substituted with Peninsula chocolates!), and invited to use the spa whilst they prepared our room, as we arrived at 8am in the morning and check-in time is 3pm. Emily (on reception) made sure our stay was everything we had hoped for. The room had a giant LCD TV, DVD player, TV built into the marble-clad bathroom wall, 2 sets of bathrobes (bathroom and bedroom); 8 towels replaced twice a day, exotic fruit bowl (also changed daily ) which comprised ornately decorated napkins and china plates with cutlary. On arrival at the room we were asked to press the valet button on the wall, and tea arrived instantly. The electrically operated curtains meant we could watch the lazer and firework show from the bed without moving. We booked Gaddi's on the evening of our anniversary. The food was excellent, the waiters' knowledge of the menu and ingredients comprehensive, and the live band sang Happy Birthday whilst the waiters brought a birthday cake, complete with a personal inscription!We found breakfast in the lobby was an entertainment in itself, as was afternoon tea. The Christmas decorations were stunning.The spa has to be one, if not the best, in the world. My wife booked a facial on her birthday. which was the best she has ever experienced (and she has booked a lot in 10 yrs!). She arrived to find the hotel had upgraded her to the private treatment suite, which comprised private steam room, shower room and jaccuzzi, complementary juices, etc. Electric blinds, remotely operated from the jaccuzzi revealed a full-length window and a panaramic view of Hong Kong harbour. The pool also has the same view, and when guests arrive they are immediately given a glass of iced barley water (instantly replenished) and cold facial towels in a sealed bag. We could not fault any aspect of our stay. Not only this, I have been privilaged to stay in some of the world's best hotels on business, and the Peninsula goes straight to the top of my list.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>motutoopua
<Content>Best of the Best! The Peninsula Hong Kong is simply the best of the best. A truly beautiful hotel with breathtaking views from very tastefully decorated rooms! The Harbor View Suites are particularly splendid and the views simply unmatched. Service is truly beyond words. Each staff treats every guest as a VIP and they almost know you personally, going out of their way to cater to individual needs. Impeccable and graceful service without the stuffiness. There is no place to stay in Hong Kong other than the Peninsula.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Buchschlag
<Content>Outstanding Hotel Transport to the hotel by Rolls Royce very niceGym and Pool outstandingRestaurant Felix not as special as many think. Rooms cheap, very good value for money  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>craigo11
<Content>Very Nice       The Front Door And Famous Lions  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>martali
<Content>Good but lacks something special Stayed in this hotel as part of trip to Far East, having stayed in two great hotels in Bali the Peninsula had to be something really special to top them.Overall it is a fantastic hotel with perfect location. We were staying on our anniversary and were given an upgrade plus cake and champagne in room, this was all wonderful. In addition to this we were told that each of us would receive a free spa treatment, I would not normally bother but took advantage of this and it really was good. However when we checked out it it was not free, it was pay for one and the other goes free, not the end of the world as my wife would have used the spa anyway, but would have liked to have known.The hotel cannot be faulted on service, it really is as good as you can get, my problem comes with the overall feel of the place, it just seems to lack something special. The communal areas are filled with tourists having tea or business men having meetings, you really could be in any hotel anywhere in the world. As hotel guests it just felt like the whole place was very hectic and not somewhere you could go back to and chill.My wife travels frequently to HK and tried the Peninsula again in October, but has now decided to return to her old favorite the Intercontinenal which has much nicer rooms and is a little less hectic.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2006
<Rating>4	2	2	1	1	2	1	3	

<Author>worldtraveller555
<Content>It's too formal for my style. Typical for old folks Definitively is a nice hotel but it is too much and there are better options. Service is quite disappointing in several areas. After having stayed at the Four Seasons in Shanghai, Peninsula in Beijing, and also Mandarin in Hong Kong, the service at the Peninsula Kowloon is far beyond what other hotels provide in China. The service at this hotel is very slow paced and needs to be pushed by the guests. It goes out of their hands. The rooms are ok, the welcome gifts are very nice but those things don鈥檛 make it for all. I don't mean that is a bad hotel. If you have the time to wait stay there.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	2	2	4	

<Author>diveteam
<Content>A room with a View       Interior  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingsroadgal
<Content>Very nice, not perfect This was our second stay at the Peninsula in about two years. This time, we stayed in a Deluxe Suite, which has an absolutely stunning view over Hong Kong Harbor. It is mesmerizing to watch all the activity, and the hotel graciously provides a very nice telescope to watch all the activity. And the room is quite spacious, with great beds.I thought our first stay at the Peninsula was perfect, but I was not quite so wowed this time. I would say the rooms are showing a bit of age. They are well-kept, but the decor looks a bit fussy - and even a bit worn. Case in point - our living room sofa had a broken frame, so sitting in it was not at all comfortable. It leaned at a rather uncomfortable angle. I can't imagine someone hadn't noticed since it looked so odd.Another significant flaw - we had to call to get shampoo. Only one bottle had been provided, and it had not been replenished after two nights. I don't know what happened, since even the Holiday Inn usually manages to replace toiletries. It was very odd, and perhaps it was due to a poor room attendant. Anyway, at these prices, you should not need to call for shampoo.I have to say, too, that the crowd in the lobby does get a little tiring. The lobby is lovely, and I enjoy having tea there, but it is a major Hong Kong tourist attraction, so be warned, that it is not really a relaxing experience.I really like some things about the Pen. They give you lovely faux-cinnabar soap boxes as a souvenir of your stay. These are really well done, in my opinion. The food is very high quality - try Chesa or Spring Moon as well as Felix or Gaddis. You won't be disappointed. But I have to say, we may try the newly-reopened Mandarin Oriental on our next stay, and then perhaps we will be back at the Pen again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>josefhabas
<Content>Loved the PHK It was my second visit to the PHK. As expected it was a perfect stay.The room has a stunning view of Central and the harbour. The new spa is better than anywhere I saw. Felix, the resturant at the top floor has wonderful food and wonderful design by Philip Starck. All in all we loved the place and will certainly return for the 3rd time.JosefJerusalem  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hbass
<Content>Best in the World Simply the best place in the world. Through AMEX were upgraded to a full suite with 1 1/2 baths and ove 1000sq ft.The food was incredible, and the location is great. The staff is amazing...great way to kickoff our honeymoon.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>2melbournetravellers
<Content>one of the worlds great hotels We stayed at the Peninsula last yearand enjoyed a most relaxing stay with excellent service.This year we were in HKG and stayed at both Shangri la hotels and the Pen.Certainly the Island Shangri la and the Pen are of a similar luxurious standard. Our stay this year at the Pen was however spoiled by what could only be described as indifferent check in staff.On arrival, around lunch time, we were advised that our room would not be available until 2 pm-- fair enough,the check in timeis stated as 2 pm.The receptionist was hardly warm or welcoming.When we said that we were pleased to be back at the hotel we received a blank expression.At around 2 20 we returned to be told that the room was still not ready.The same situation at around 2 50.By now I was becoming annoyed.Then we learn that altough we had booked a king bed the room allocated was a twin.On explaining that this was really not acceptable we wereinformed that the 2 beds would be pushed together.By now i had had enough.Fortunately, the Guest Relations Manager was nearby and with a minimum of fuss we were given a room with a king bed.Overall the staff handling our check in fell far short of the standards of the rest of the staff we came into contact with during our stay.That night we enjoyed dinner at Gaddis.A truely superb meal with faultless service.On returning to our room a beautiful tray of fresh strawberries with a note from the Guest Relations Director apologising for the difficulties we experienced at check in greeted us.Full marks for agood guest recovery approach.I spoke with the Guest Relations Director later,thanking her for efforts.It seemed that the hotel was having some challenges with some of the newer staff.On checing out our bill included some $400 in mini bar charges.This was quite a surprise as we had not consumed any items from the bar during our stay.I raised this with the receptionist.An icy look and phone call to i guess the supervisor resulted in a revised bill being presented to us.I must say this employee would not be out of place atPyongyang Airport Immigration.We were made to feel quite uncomfortable.I gave up using mini bares long ago. Isimply refuse to pay 10 times the retail price for a can of soda water.We,as i think many travellers do is to purchase some mixes outside the hotel for the duty free scotch.Apart from the check in staff our stay was truely superb.Ifirst stayed at the Pen with my parents when iI was 4 years old.I have many happy memories of this grand hotel  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	1	5	5	

<Author>Mrs_J_Bradley
<Content>Oppulence in abundance We stayed here for the first 3 nights of our honeymoon and they treated us like royalty. A triple upgrade to the 24th floor, champagne and chocolates. The room was beautiful and had a spectacular view over the famous Hong Kong skyline. We didn't need to move from our room to enjoy the light and laser show experience. Oppulence in abbundance, great facilities, great food and great service.We can't recommend the Peninsula enough.Mr and Mrs Bradley, Knaresborough, North Yorkshire, England  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dokanman
<Content>It's the service..... I'd wanted to meet a friend in HK for dinner, so booked a weekend at the Peninsula with a table on sat night a Felix, contacting the hotel directly.Met at airport by hotel car (Rolls) - can't really complain about that for arounf 拢50! About the same as you pay for London taxi at LHR.Had suite at front of old building - nice living room, with dining table and desk with free internet access. Bedroom large and quiet. Superb bathroom. Dinner at Felix was worth the travelling! One of the most memorable dinners ever, partly due to the company - but what a venue! Not crazy prices, certainly less than I'd pay back in UK. dinner for two with decent wine was around 拢200. We had a table next to the window, in a quiet corner - perfect!!Pool and spa are first class - the best I've seen anywhere.I needed to visit a doctor whilst there. The nurse arrived within 15 minutes with the Guest Service manager and I was referred to a local hospital. A dedicated security officer accompanied me in the taxi, and was invaluable in helping me in negotiating around the hospital.What more could anyone ask from a hotel anywhere?One minor gripe - they don't seem to get the concept of wholewheat toast in the lobby breakfast! - but that's the best in can come up with if I want to knock the place!  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>luckystrike
<Content>Loved the Peninsula       Peninsula bedroom  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rmokriski
<Content>The Best       hotel from peak  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kept my money I made a reservation, was given confirmation number and money was taken out of my account. Ten hours later, I received an email stating that they made a mistake, there were no rooms available. They still have my money Not good business. Why didn't they tell me initially that there were no rooms. Why take my money until there was a closure on the reservation process. Bad business practice. Dr. Alfred Jones, Wuxi, China  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Adzema
<Content>Disappointing We were at the Peninsula for the first time during a vacation time for Japanese and the French and the hotel was full. This may have caused some of our problems, but I will say that our stay at the Peninsula was a let down. We booked a regular room and then called back to book the suite experience a few days before our arrival. We were not picked up by the hotel limo ( a Rolls, which is silly, I know, but I thought might be fun and the airport butler also did not meet us where he was supposed to) but by an older model Benz and when we arrived at the hotel discovered after about half an hour of one on one check in that we were not booked for the suite experience, but just a regular suite (with a view into the office building across the way) and all of the things that were included in the suite experince were not included (inclduing the trip from the airport which we had already taken). I felt I'd been very clear with the reservationist. My husband had been sitting in the room while I made the call. After MUCH arguing and back and forth, we were given our our suite experience at the regular suite price. The lobby was completely filled, day and night, with throngs of tourists. Tour busses park right in front of the hotel and they come pouring in. To see what, I'm not sure. The lobby is nice, but could be in any nice big city hotel. The line for tea in the afternoons is somtimes 50 people long. As a guest at the hotel you can cut to the front of the line, which is a nice perk, but also somewhat unsporting to people who have been standing there an hour or more. The hotel could not get us a dinner reservation for the time we wanted in one of the hotel restaurants, although we dined at the same place earlier and it was not full at the time we had originally wanted to be there. Again, tourists were coming up in their flip flops and arm fulls of shopping bags and having a drink or just gawking while we are having this overly formal dinner. A bright note was the new spa that was opened on our last day there. It was pretty amazing, had a lot of great amenities, but still also required lots of formality and being led around to different doors and instructions. I just felt the whole place was very high maintenance (not to mention expensive) and would probably stay somewhere that was not on the tourist map next time I visit HK.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>louloubelle
<Content>Heaven in Hong Kong We stayed at the Pen because we couldn't get in anywhere else. It cost an absolute bomb and my husband was really cross that I hadn't booked us and the 4 kids in somewhere cheaper,but it turned out to be an incredible experience. Right from the moment the door guys open the doors for you and you walk into that cool haven, you are loving it. Our room had an amazing city view through big picture windows. The beds were so comfortable with 400 thread count Egyptian Cotton sheets, and gorgeous doonas. The jasmine tea which arrived as we were unpacking was just right, as was everything about this beautiful hotel. We had an exquisite meal in the restaurant, and swam in the pool, then had a jaccuzi. all lovely. I would spend my last dollar to stay there again.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of hte best in the world Staying at the Peninsula was just the most fantastic experience, the service was amongst the best we have ever experienced, the staff knew what we wanted before we did and treated us like royalty. The room was comfortable, luxurious and had lots of nice touches including a great shower, fresh fruit, sumptuous bedlinen etc. The food in the restaurants was fresh and full of flavour, in the Philippe Starck-designed Felix restaurant, full of flavour and superbly cooked, In the award winning Spring Moon wonderful, complex cantonese food. Great views from the Felix restaurant, the bar and the pool. A really good spot to be in as it is round the corner from the Star ferry (an experience in itself) to take you over to Hong Kong Island. For colonial nostalgia have afternoon tea in the Verandah, as a resident you can go straight to the front of the very long queue and have a very English Ritz style afternoon tea with a martini!Great experience, would recommend it to everyone. It would be my first port of call if I go back to Hong Kong.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fige84
<Content>As close to perfection as one can except... Stayed at the Peninsula for 2 nights on a recent business trip to Asia and I must say that this is truly an outstanding hotel in a highly competitive area... There are certainly other great places to stay in Hong Kong but if it comes to individual service and attention to detail, the Pen is as close to perfection as one can except from a hotel that considers itself as one of the best hotels in the world. Of course, as everywhere, service depends highly on the individual employee you're dealing with. For example: In my case, Check-In was very efficient and friendly ( in addition, I was upgraded to a suite that would normally cost twice the price I've payed) whereas check-out (with a different receptionist) was rather slow and the whole scene seemed chaotic. Same applies to the service in the restaurants. Staff at the bar at 'Felix' seemed arrogant, uninteressted at best, (guess that can happen to some people, if they work at such a superb location) whereas the waiters in the other restaurants were very attentive and efficient.The only negative points, which are really worth mentioning are the relatively slow baggage service and the hordes of underdressed tourists (do they really not have any self-respect? How can you walk around in sandals and singlets at such a decent place?)At this point it is maybe also worth mentioning that some hotel guests didn't have any sense of style neither... but I guess there's not much the hotel can do about this...A positive remark to point out the high level of personalized service at the end: Upon Check-Out I asked if they could arrange an appointment with a doctor (a specialist) for me. Within 10 min. I could see the doctor nearby and they even sent a guy from security to accompany me all the way. He waited during the consultation and brought me personally back to the hotel that I did not miss my flight. That's real service!My advise: If you're prepared to spend as much as HK$ 3000 and more for a hotel room, go for the best. And the best in Hong Kong is still the Peninsula. You can't go wrong if you stay there tough there might be places such as the Island Shangri-La or the Ritz where you will experience the same level of service. However they simply don't have the class and style of the Pen.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Snflr
<Content>Not up to expectations We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights in January 2006, and have to say that it just did not live up to our expectations. It has been rated consistently as one of the world's best hotels for years and we were looking forward to our stay there. We had booked a room in the tower, as recommended by many visitors, but upon check in, they offered us a huge suite in the main building for the same price, which we took. It was nice, if somewhat dated.Breakfast in the main lobby was very average and the lobby itself, while very pretty, is as busy as Central Station with many tourists walking thru, just to take a look. It is also a place where smoking is allowed everywhere, which we find very unpleasant.Our biggest disapointment however was dinner at the much touted Felix. Quite simply one of the worst meals in a long time. Not only was it totally overcooked that it had to be sent back, (at which stage the dinner is already spoiled), but even the presentation was very poor. The wine steward who wants to fill up your glass after every sip, the bread waiter, the water waiter and the manager all apologised over and over and did not charge us for the dinner. Still it did influence our overall impresssion of the hotel in a negative way.We have previously stayed at the Peninsula Bangkok, and would rate it considerably better.Would not stay here again, but I can see that for a lot of travellers it remains a special place to visit.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Luv to travel1
<Content>Superb Hotel and Great Upgrade We stayed at the Peninsula on the last days of a 3 week trip to Asia. Having just come from Angkor Wat we needed some relaxation before our long overnight flight home and the Peninsula was wonderful. They surprised us with an upgrade to a magnificent harbor view suite from our requested harbor view room and the service was fantastic. We ate at Felix on the 28th floor of the hotel and enjoyed a delicious meal. We had great complimentary breakfasts and our luggage was graciously stored and the spa showers available to freshen up before we left for our flight. I can't recommend a hotel more highly than the Peninsula.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Hotel I Have Ever Stayed In! I am being serious. This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The service was AMAZING. Nothing is overlooked. I have stayed in great hotels the world wide. Even the restaurants were superb. I highly recommed this hotel for anyone.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jilyf
<Content>Service at The Peninsula was superb After visiting Hong Kong 20 years ago and staying in avery basic hotel on Nathan Road, we vowed that if we returned we would fork out for a stay at The Peninsula. As rugby fans we decided to go to the HK sevens and stay at The Pen. What a superb week have just had!! The rugby was excellent - England won! The Peninsula was amazing - from the Rolls Royce pickup at the airport, the accomodation - book a harbour view room in the tower (the views are spectacular across to the island) the super restaurants and the superb service (I think the best hotel service in the world).  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waldorf Towers with Colonial Heritage Having just returned from a 5 night visit to the Grand Lady of the Orient, I must agree to the sentiments echoed by 'Marina Del May'. From the Rolls Royce pick-up (which costs less than many other hotel transfer deals), through the seamless check-in (We checked-in some 5 hours ahead of the 2.00pm stated)the service was impeccable. Staying in a Deluxe Courtyard Room with inclusive breakfast(hotel promotion)all personal neccesities are silently and efficiently handled by your appointed valet, who introduces himself with a welcome drink upon arrival. The afternoon tea is superb, and as a guest, there are no queues!Midweek we chose to dine at 'Felix' on the 28th floor, and what an experience. The minimalistic 'Philip Stark' creation with views over both the Harbour and Kowloon are fantastic, and prices are comparable with most UK city centre institutions, let alone 5 star hotels. What I can highly recommend however is the return Rolls Royce transfer, where your luggage is collected from your room, and escorted not only to the airport check-in, but also to passport control. Having stayed at the Waldorf, Mandarin, Jumeirah and others, I would agree that this hotel rates among the very best the world has to offer.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mingchi
<Content>Uuforgettable memory Just a amazing memory in Pen.Hotel,especially the fantastic harbour view and no reason upgrade room service make me warm. all the equipments are new as well. showerrooms are more comfortable than other 5 star hotels. It will offer special presents to the couple which spends the honeymoon in their hotel. It would make the honeymoon memory sweeter.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CB90292
<Content>A memorable experience       HK street scene  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gr8_shopper
<Content>Great Hotel, Trully Amazing This hotel really amazes me. Service was awesome and everyhting was just wonderful. If you stay at the Peninsula, you would never want to stay in any other hotel. You have to try their afternoon tea. That was somethin different. The hotel is pricy but TOTALLY worth the money...  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>milesw
<Content>As good as they all say... I am lucky enough to work for a big corporate and I travel the globe weekly, so I have come to know what makes a good hotel and what makes an outstanding hotel. As a fussy and demanding frequent traveller, I also expect to get the very best and usually stay at the Four Seasons or a Ritz Carlton. But I decided, on the advice of others (including this site) to give the Peninsula a go...and boy was it a great call.I was here for a conference over at the Hyatt, but flew out early with my wife for three days before. We did the Rolls Royce pick-up and on arrival we were upgraded to a Delux Harbour View Suite.As we walked through customs and saw our names on the Board, through to unpacking our bags in our suite, the whole process worked like clockwork. Check-in was within 30 seconds, and our bags were in our room before we were (not sure how they did that!). We were greeted with tea and champagne, and the room was just unreal, with a staggering view of Hong Kong Island from every window. The bedroom was massive, one of the largest I have ever slept in (the dressing room alone was larger than any New York hotel room!)the bathroom with a corner Jacuzzi and the comfortable lounge are all fitted out with state of the art plasma screens and the technology throughout is exceptional, yet so descreet, working perfectly with the tasteful and perfectly balanced decor. Not too chintzy, and not too stuffy, simple luxury. We also had a little observatory in our room with a double aspect view, and a lovely telescope to use.The service was beyond reproach, from the doormen to the very helpful concierge (who found me an excellent tailor to visit the room, my wife a hairdresser, and got us reservations across town). There was a level of thoughtfulness that was simply stunning, from the restocked friut bowl in the room to the invisable house keeping staff to the valet that managed to shift a stain from my trousers that had been there for ages, to the room service guy, who insisted on setting our breakfast table by the window, even thought this meant he had to rearrange the room to do so, to the free open bus tour and champagne reception for guests. I was desperate to find fault, desperate to tell you all that the praise, from others on here, was over the top. However, I hate to say it, but I think I have found the world's greatest City centre hotel. If you go to Hong Kong, please dont stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent       jacuzzi with a view  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MattDC
<Content>Needs to catch-up The Peninsula is the Hong Kong's most famous hotel, perhaps the most famous hotel in Asia, and one of the most famous in the world. I wanted to try it out on a recent trip to HK.Now I can judge, I prefer the Peninisula in New York, and if I am in Hong Kong, the Island Shangri-La beats it to (an maybe others, but I know the Island Shang beats it). So why is this? The Peninsula cannot cope very well when it is busy - my check-in took 15 minutes. When I got to my room there was not fruit or tea - this was a delux king room whichich was supposed to provide it - but this is a small matter.At breakfast myself and various other guests had to sit in a dark bar come restaurant area because the very pleasent dining area was filled up by early risers.The pool is beautiful, but small and only 4 feet deep.The hotels famous Felix Bar is poorly designed for making and serving cocktails with room for only one barman, the bar area is cramped, beige and bright with no private spaces - vital to a decent cocktail bar where patrons perhaps want to be discreet - compare this to the superb Pen Top bar at the Peninsula in NY!It is just not good enough for the somone like me who only stays in the best places and therefore knows what 'The best' really means.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SuzieRUk
<Content>Just amazing! The Peninsula is a truly amazing hotel and the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The attention to detail is like nothing I have ever seen and I couldn't fault it in anyway. I wouldn't even know where to start listing all the good things about this hotel. I would just say that if you are going to Hong Kong, treat yourself and stay here!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>danibrown
<Content>Amazing! I have to agree with the other reviews here, this hotel is simply stunning. From the beautiful lobby to the gorgeous pool area everything is immaculate. We had a deluxe room and it was perfect. I loved the flat screen tv and Molton Brown toiletries. The gym is fantastic and all the common parts are beautiful. We had afternoon tea which was gorgeous and we also ate at the Felix restaurant, the food there is delicious. The staff are extremely polite and generally this hotel has no faults! Without a doubt one of the finest hotels I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Veryfussy
<Content>Fantastic The previous reviews say it all but this is probably the most classy hotel I have ever stayed in and I absolutely loved it. We were upgraded to a suite with the most terrfic views of Hong Kong harbour and this made the visit extra special but from the Rolls Royce limo to a memorable New Years Eve in the Felix bar this is one magical trip that I will never forget.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>By far the best in Hong kong. I travelled to Hong kong over the Christmas/New Year period and was glad that I chose The Pen. I visited all the other 5 star hotels (on Hong Kong Island and Kowloon)and my friend and I both agreed that it was, in our opinion, by far the best hotel. The service was superb - 'every' member of staff I came across, greeted me by my name. The opulence of the surrondings are like no other hotel. The view from the harbour rooms in the tower are breathtaking. The the New Year's Eve celebrations were very well organised and the lobby and hotel forecourt were decorated beatifully. Yes, during high tea, the lobby does get rather crowded by people visiting the hotel, however, can you blame them?! If you're a guest you are able to jump the long queues. I'll be back next Christmas/New Year without a doubt. Thanks for an unforgetable stay.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>KittyChan
<Content>Peninsula: Reason in and of Itself to Visit Hong Kong I live in Japan and travel fairly frequently in east Asia. Of all the wonderful hotels at which I've stayed in the region, the Peninsula in Hong Kong (PHK) is my overall favorite. I stayed there most recently on either side of Thangsgiving (22 and 26 Nov. 2005) and had my best PHK experience yet. Upon arriving the evening of the 26th evening from Singapore, I checked in, and the front-desk staffer said the words all travel buffs love to hear: We have a very nice upgrade for you. I'd already asked for a deluxe room in the original PHK building, which dates from 1928 and is just fabulous in every respect. But the upgrade to the Peony Suite -- wow. The suite was huge and immaculate, with high ceilings and huge windows giving a full view of the Hong Kong Central skyline across the harbour. Now, mind you, a regular PHK room is already a special place: minimum 40 sqm, marble bath with TV above the soaking tub, separate glass-walled shower, plasma TV in the bedroom, etc. The suite, however, more than doubled the regular room's size and pleasure. It was beautifully decorated with Chinese antiques and art, and there was a full yet tasteful chandelier over the dining-room table. There was also a huge, new plasma TV in the living room, in addition to the similar TV in the bedroom.Everything about the PHK soothes and delights. On a visit with a friend a few months ago, we had a regular superior room, with a street view. That was fine, as it was still very comfortable. A problem arose on Saturday morning, when construction sounds awakened us fairly early. They were clearly coming from somewhere inside the hotel, and somewhere fairly close. We got up and had a tasty American breakfast (included in my room rate) in the PHK Lobby cafe, which is an airy, sunlight-filled, haute-colonial destination unto itself. Meanwhile, I'd spoken with the front-desk staff about the construction noise and asked for more information and a possible change of room. Within minutes, the guest-relations manager herself came to our table, apologized for the noise -- which we learned was coming from the remodeling of the Louis Vuitton store in the hotel's shopping arcade -- and said she'd have two alternative rooms to show us after breakfast. The first room was in the tower, which was built in the 1990s, directly over the original PHK hotel. The room was fine but a bit smaller than and not quite as charming as our room in the old building. The second room was a deluxe with a harbour view in the old building, and we took that. Problem solved, in a manner that should be a model for similar situations in all luxury hotels but, sadly, usually isn't.I could go on and on about the PHK and all of its amenities -- incredible pool in the tower, with full views of the harbour; great room service; fab food and mod decor at Felix Resto  Bar atop the tower -- but I'll stop here and recommend that anyone who wants to enjoy an unforgettable stay in the great city of Hong Kong will do him or herself a huge favor by staying at the PHK. The only downsides: it is expensive (but reasonable if one gets the lowest advance-purchase rate or a good corporate rate), and staying there will spoil you for anywhere else.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the peninsula Sytayed two nights in the Peninsula Hotel. My wife and I absolutely loved the hotel. The staff are very friendly and very well trained with a total customer service focus. The rooms are beautifully appointed. This was the best hotel stay we have had. We rested up on the way back to Australia and it met our every need. Enjoyed soaking in the bath watching the wall television. Breakfast was a delight with quality food and service.The porters knew where to take the luggage for departure and took the worries off our shoulders. Ten out of ten.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Peninsula Hotel, Hong Kong, for the trip of a lifetime       Victoria Harbor, from our Deluxe Courtyard room on the 5th floor.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>yorno
<Content>The Peninsula Hotel - don't stay anywhere else!!!! Without doubt the Peninsula Hotel exceeded all of my high expectations. I hope this review helps anyone considering a stay there.My husband and I stayed for 5 nights at the start of November for a holiday. We had been in Hong Kong 5 years ago and really enjoyed our stay, although stayed in a different hotel on Hong Kong Island. From the hotel reviews on this site we were torn as to where would be best to stay and whether we should stay in Kowloon / TST. However we decided to give the Peninsula a go. A superb decision. Without doubt, the hotel made the holiday for us.We arrived after 20 hours of travelling and, like some of the other recent reviewers, had arranged for the rolls royce transfers. I can't recommend this strongly enough. It is lovely to arrive, travel weary and to be whisked away to your hotel in no time at all. I should also say here we booked direct through the hotel website, which was handled very efficiently allowing for time difference etc. On this you can make requests regarding your stay (although these aren't guaranteed). As we were arriving at Hong Kong time of 10.30, we had requested early check in.From the moment we arrived at the hotel everything was handled so efficiently we were blown away. I cannot praise the staff highly enough. Every member of staff had a smile and a hello, most of them knew your name, which is incredible in a hotel of that size. In respect of the room - we were given our early check in. The room was absolutely beautifully decorated. At risk of repeating some of the earlier reviews, let me detail some of the room features. The layout is perfect, wardrobes and luggage are in a separate room, so you really don't feel that you are living out of a case for a few nights. The lights, curtains, tv, radio, call buttons for privacy / room service / valets etc are all controlled by a panel next to your bed (one at each side!). There was a basket of different fruits replaced every day. A large LCD tv which closed away into an armoire when not in use. Marble bathroom with a tv to watch in the bath. Also there was a box near the doorway where your morning paper was delivered and you would place your shoes for polishing. The room was serviced twice a day. We had a lovely view of the harbour also. The hotel's facilities are also worth mention. The pool is absolutely breathtaking (check out the hotels website for photos, although has to be seen to be believed!). There is also a pool terrace where you can sit, inside or out, and enjoy great views of the Island. It also has a well equiped gym. There are saunas, steam rooms, cold plunges and jacuzzi spa facilities in both female and (I am informed!) male toilets. The staff here are again amazing, providing towels, robes, spa shoes etc before you need to ask. The hotel also has around 80 shops in it own arcade (Chanel, Prada, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Tiffanys to name a few). Other shops in TST are accessible in five minutes walk from the hotel. Or, take the star ferry and you can be in the fabulous landmark centre in Central in around 20 minutes. The resturants we tried in the hotel also live up to the high standard the hotel sets. Our room package included an american breakfast in the lobby every morning. Highly recommend this also. Very friendly attentive staff, and what a beautiful surrounding!! We also had the high tea there one afternoon also, which is a real must. Being hotel guests we were able to book and therefore didn't require to join the queues! For eveing meals we enjoyed a bbq style dinner at the pool terrace. This was lovely as we ate outside while watching the festival of lights. We also ate at the Verranda, which was either a la carte or a buffet for starters and deserts with set main courses. When you see the selection of deserts in particular you will see this is a lovely option also. Finally, we also ate at Spring Moon. This was my best night without doubt. The food, service, setting, everything was first class. We also had drinks in the felix bar (which is worth a look), hotel bar, and the lobby (on different nights!!!). The lobby is lovely in the evening, with jazz music playing and mood setting candle light. Definitely my favourite for a nightcap! It has been stated in other reviews that the Peninsula is expensive, however if you are looking at hotels of a similar star rating to the Peninsula, I found these to be of a similar or sometimes more expensive. Therefore considering the type of hotel it is in my view exceptionally good value for money. We did look at some of the other hotels on the island while we were there and are very relieved we didn't stay in them. One of the things from this website that had concerned me about staying at the Peninsula was its location. However this quite honestly is not a problem at all, the star ferry is so close by, it is very easy to commute between Kowloon and Central and I don't agree with those views. From the politeness and charm of all the staff to the granduer of the setting, without doubt I can't ever imagine staying anywhere quite as breath taking. I have no problem thoroughly recommending this hotel to anyone, and I know that I will return myself again and again.I hope this has been helpful.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>UKTAdvisor
<Content>Impeccable Service We enjoyed a fabulous 4 night stay at the Peninsula last month. I had arranged to be met at HKG airport and transferred by Rolls Royce which was a fantastic start to our stay at the hotel, as well as our holiday.On arrival we were met by a charming manager who whisked us past the reception desk straight into the lift where we were informed that we had been upgraded! My reserved room (a Deluxe Harbourview room) had been upgraded to a Harbourview Suite! We were simply overawed by the sumptuous furnishings and fittings.We found the service to be of a very high standard. We were acknowledged by every member of staff from room attendant to bellboy - and always with eye contact  100% genuineness.On our last night we dined in Felix at the top of the hotel. I had rung the day before to make a booking for a Friday night and they managed to work around us to secure a table at the very busy restaurant. The food was of a very high standard along with efficient but unobtrusive staff.On reflection we really couldn't find any significant points to complain about, therefore the Peninsula is HIGHLY recommended!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chocksaway
<Content>Stunning hotel, stunning service From the moment you arrive, the staff practically fall over to help you. The service is unbelievable and this is what sets this hotel apart from all other hotels. Particular praise for chief concierge Paul Quinn and his team, especially Felix (no relation to the restaurant!). They go out of their way to help you.We had a standard room which was excellent in all respects. Was fond of the TV at the end of the bath tub! Minutes after we had come into the room, our attendant rang the door bell bringing in tea. I left my shoes to be polished and literally a couple of minutes after I pressed the buzzer, a pair of hands had grabbed the shoes from the newspaper / shoe box.We had dinner at Felix and also afternoon tea, both of which I recommend.The pool is very nice, with views of Hong Kong Island. The hotel will open a spa in 2006. The gym has good equipment.The hotel is five minutes walk to the Star Ferry, so could not be any more convenient.As a treat, we booked the Rolls Royce transfer between the airport and hotel. Fantastic. An absolute head-turner.The phrase you get what you pay for applies here. The Peninsula is not cheap, but the experience you get is really excellent value for money. If you want to do something special for eg a birthday, romantic weekend, anniversary, then look no further.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extraordinary Service Outstanding luxury and service at every turn. Arrived early morning on an overnight flight, met at the airport with their Rolls Royce transfer. The driver offered a cool towel and cold refreshment for the 40 minute drive to the hotel. Greeted at the car by front desk staff, wisked through check-in and directly to room in the original part of the hotel. Hot tea and fruit in the room. The conceirage provided a recommendation for an excellent tailor and had fitting the same day. Dined in the evening in the Verandah--superior buffet and service--topped with a fresh vanilla souffle! As I was traveling alone, I was offered reading material during dinner. Spent the afternoon at the pool with a stunning view of Hong Kong Island. Beautiful spa and steam facilities. It had been 31 years since I had stayed at the Penn and they still had my details on file. Even though I only spent one night before going on to Canton, it felt like I had come home and everything was as I had left it.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SandSLondon
<Content>Stunning Location  We spoilt ourselves with a one night stay at the Peninsula with dinner at Felix on a Saturday night. There were four adults to our party. There is no denying the hotels prime location and outstanding facilities - designed to impress - no doubt about it. What dissapointed me more than anything was the service. It was certainly there and it was certainly silver class but I dont believe anyone went out of their way to smile at us, make us feel at home / welcome. Dinner on Saturday night would have been a perfect opportunity to sit back, relax, admire the fantastic skyline - cocktails at the (pompous) stunning bar followed by dinner (not cheap!). Again, no smiles, no general chit chat .. not even did you enjoy your dinner.It infuriates me that five star establishments think they're above personalism and ensuring the guest has a great time. Its unfortunate because it really lets this hotel down.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous time We just stayed at the Pen for our last two nights in Hong Kong. Everything was wonderful - from the free DVD rentals, the room, to the pool, to dinner at Felix (albeit tre expensive!). Only complaints: the butler puts away your clothes in the drawers as part of cleaning the room and so when we were packing we kept discovering that things had been put in places around the room! Also, we had to fax one sheet of paper to Atlanta- 75 Hong Kong Dollars! (almost $10). That's ridiculous!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Loved It! We stayed at the Pen for 3 nights on the last leg of our Honeymoon. We arrived on a delayed flight at about 2am and we were still met with a grand welcome and housekeeping bringing us Chinese Tea to our room moments after we'd been shown up there. The service is impeccable, the rooms and interior of the whole hotel are grand and amazing. We had breakfast in the Lobby on the first morning and felt like royalty - though as its waiter service if you ask for 1 crossaint thats all you get. The next two mornings we breakfasted on the first floor, where the menu is the same but its buffet service so you can help yourself to as much as you want. In either location the choice is plentiful.The concierge desk was superb - recomnending some really great places to eat. We had dinner at Felix on our first night whcih was lovely and had amazing views of the harbour. On our last day we had the all you can eat buffet at the ShangriLa (Kowloon Side) which was excellent value for the massive range of different cuisines you can sample. We had a king kowloon view room - we were on the 23rd Floor in the new tower - it was an amazing room - never before have I stayed somewhere with a TV to watch while you're in the bath!The little cubby holes where your daily newspaper is delivered, and where you can put your shoes for polishing and they are returned to you in super quick time was also a nice touch.Afternoon tea in the lobby is also a MUST DO! Go to the concierge and they'll get you a table immediately - jumping the queue of all the tourists waiting in line!The only downside of this hotel is that its in Kowloon and after exploring a bit of Nathan Road, and also Hong Kong Island, you do feel that you are missing a wider variety of restaurants and night life on the Island side.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cmm.
<Content>if only she were on the Island Side.. everything would be perfect!       A yellow Dragon Fruit.. i've never seen one this color before... thanks Peninsula!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jpmay
<Content>Super location if you need a fake watch The Peninsula is a famous hotel which is very near Hong Kong...it is across the harbour from Hong Kong in Kowloon.This means the Penunsula has, obviously, great views OF HONG KONG ITSELF, i.e. from across the water.All the skyscraper hotels in Hong Kong (i.e. actually IN HONG KONG) have spectacular harbour views, but if you are a postcard photographer the best place to see Hong Kong as one unit is from somewhere far away from HK, such as Kowloon.Hong Kong itself, i.e. Hong Kong island, has incredible sophisticated shopping and is incredibly bling and wonderful. The Kowloon side has (clean) slums and thousands of guys selling fake watches on the street and lots of character (narrow streets with neon signs, etc).Immediately outside the Peninsula are unattractive main roads you cannot walk across due to dividers, etc. Realistically, anyone who can afford to stay at the Penunsula would have no reason to be in Kowloon (unless you wanted a fake watch - in which case you are absolutely set!!), so the only thing you would do is immediately take a limo or taxi over to Hong Kong for amazing shopping, restaurants etc.Regarding service and so on, it seems to be just a typical 5-star hotel.It is a little surprising that the Peninsula is so legendary, but it is an OK luxury hotel, with a view of HK.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greatness-This Hotel Is Unrivalled I've stayed at the world's top hotels-De Crillon, Savoy, Pierre, Le Sireneuse--and I can say that this hotel reigns supreme. Everything, from the gorgeous, immaculate, understated lobby, to the large, and opulent rooms, was superb. I was there for a romantic weekend, and we were treated to champagne, chocolates, flowers and an upgrade. Our room was in the original building but that was not a bad thing--ceilings were high, the bathroom was larger than most hotel rooms, and well, the pool/spa is something to be experienced. The weather was horrible, yet the pool, overlooking the harbour, with a deck that is perfect for sunning and watching the lightshow/fireworks was awesome! Also, Felix, on top of the hotel, with its tiny, yet unique bar was an experience. This hotel is very expensive, but worth it if you can manage it. Yes, it does pale in comparison to other Pens (in my opinion), but that is why it is the flagship. And THE place to stay in HK.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>All Future Hotels Will be Compared to This One Absolutely the best hotel I ever stayed at, without a doubt. We arrived at the Peninsula late one evening after a 30 hour trip from Birmingham, Alabama, and were very pleased to find that we had been upgraded to a small suite. The room was beautiful. It had a huge bed with very fine linnens, a sitting area, a seperate entrance hall, toilet and bath. The bathroom even had its own flat screen tv. We were lucky to have a harbour view, and it was worth staying at the Peninsula to watch the ships and boats alone. The lobby was like something out of a movie from the '30's, and was always a flurry of activity. There was even a string quartet playing in the afternoon. The shopping galleries were fun to explore, particularly since I was waking up at 3am, due to the time change, and had to have something to do. To top it off, my wife's birthday fell on one of the days we were there, and we came back to the room after a day exploring to find an entire birthday cake left for us at the room. I have stayed at some nice hotels since, but none like the Peninsula.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Staying at the Pen is the best experience I have ever had with any hotel in the world, it puts its clients first and always wants to please, the only people who did not like this were the Americans who were rude with the staff and wondered why they did not get what we got. If you every get the chance this is the best of experiences  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but.... We had stayed at the Peninsula before, so knew what to expect. However, this time the hotel was overbooked and they tried to foist off a much lower class room on us (we had paid for two harbour view, non-smoking suites) at the back of the hotel. When we challenged the day manager, he was very arrogant and unaccomodating. We ended up on the second floor, harbour side with no view and in smoking rooms. Last time for us. After doing some checking, I think there are lots of better hotels in Kowloon.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Everything you would expect from a 5-star hotel I just came back from a two-night stay at the Peninsular HK and still felt very much overhelmed by the level of luxury that the hotel is providing.  I stayed in a deluxe suite; the room is the most spacious I have ever been in and the bathroom is just stunning! There is even a small TV in the bathroom and a speaker phone, which enables you to make a call while you are still in the bath.  The service is impeccable and all staffs are very well-trained. Everyone was very friendly, polite and discrete. From the moment I step off the taxi through the moment I departed, I could not find any flaw in their hospitality. The only drawback is that they do not have a tea-making facility in the room so I have to keep calling the housekeeping for hot water which, I must add, was always delivered efficiently. I thoroughly recommend this hotel for those who want your stay in HK to be memorable! It had been a very special time for me. It is not cheap but, I think, it was worth every penny!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>jewel in the crown i stayed here in march of this year on a stop over from australia. It is an experience you will never forget staying at this hotel. I would highly recommend that you use their stunning swimming pool and admire the light show in the evening- when i got out of the pool i was met with a damp cloth and a glass of iced water.The only disappointment was the breakfast which was very average with a limited selection- intercontinental has a superior breakfast. The peninsula is the jewel in hong kong's crown. Make sure you book a harbour view.!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding hotel Not much to add to the other reviews. A few comments though - defintely stay in a harborview room. We were fortunate and were upgraded from a deluxe harbor view room to a deluxe haborview suite - spectacular room, bathroom and views from the living area, bedroom and the bathroom. I agree with a previous poster regarding the Felix bar. I was underwhelmed yet the Felix restaurant was very good - service and food.Overall, Hong Kong exceeded my expectations and the Pen met my very high expectations.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sara226
<Content>Fantastic! The Peninsula lives up to its reputation. My partner and I were very impressed by the courteous service, large rooms and great view of the harbour. Our only regret was that we didn't have more time to try out all the leisure facilities and restaurants. Our deluxe harbour view room was well-equipped and the bathroom was spacious (I loved watching tv in the bath!).The hotel is in a great location and is an oasis of calm compared to the crowded streets outside. The lobby restaurant is the perfect place to have a beer or afternoon tea, and watch the world go by. Highly recommended and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xtrmtrk
<Content>Makes you feel special       The magic shoe box  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Standard   showReview(3309086, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>elynchking
<Content>Fabulous Hotel   showReview(3294137, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overrated Bar   showReview(3289346, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EmilyR
<Content>Great hotel, unless you want a non-smoking room...   showReview(3283291, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jand茅
<Content>One of the world's very best...   showReview(3276544, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrWonderfulToronto
<Content>Absolutely, positively must go there.   showReview(3181001, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cant beat the PEN   showReview(2801715, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb with style   showReview(2702554, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelhk
<Content>Best you can get in HK   showReview(2443791, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding   showReview(2131190, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stein-01
<Content>Spitzen Hotel   showReview(22838371, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲绲㈢垱   showReview(22855166, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇俱伨銇?> 銇俱伨銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(20611724, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JoeBonn
<Content>Ab solutes Highlight       Eines der Zimmer  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nekomu
<Content>姘楀垎銇屻亜銇勩伃锛?#x201d;   showReview(19228120, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兂銈炽偆銉炽仹銉氥儖銉炽偡銉ャ儵锛?#x201d;   showReview(19888727, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aliceBrianza
<Content>Stupendo!   showReview(15926679, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peter02
<Content>Peninsula war OK   showReview(14516973, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浣曘倐銇嬨倐銇岀礌鏅淬倝銇椼亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19887817, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄣ倐骞搞仜銇紨鏃ラ枔   showReview(19887689, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸蹇仼銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19886989, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璞彲   showReview(19886549, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶ф簚瓒炽伄銉氥儖銉炽偡銉ャ儵   showReview(19886353, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kiv12
<Content>R茅sidence secondaire, j'en r锚verai   showReview(8718801, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nick_cassiusclay
<Content>Semplicemente perfetto   showReview(8608544, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GMV07
<Content>TOP       Deluxe Court. view twin  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉氥儖銉炽偡銉ャ儵銇偄銉曘偪銉屻兗銉炽儐銈?#x201d;   showReview(19885869, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇儦銉嬨兂銈枫儱銉?#x201d;   showReview(19885487, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳櫞銈夈仐銇勶紒   showReview(19885340, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>monicamilano
<Content>hotel perfetto,servizio eccezionale   showReview(8003122, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent   showReview(11376981, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉氥儖銉炽偡銉ャ儵锛堝崐宄堕厭搴楋級   showReview(19884328, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇銇ｃ仧銈変竴搴︺伅瑷倢銈嬨儦銉嬨兂銈枫儱銉╋紒   showReview(19883992, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍎泤銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19883968, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹娉娿倞銇俱仐銇燂紙绗戯級   showReview(19883959, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€   showReview(19883664, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈炽儹銉嬨偄銉仾闆板洸姘椼倰銈傘仱鏁板皯銇亜銉涖儐銉€?#x201d;   showReview(19930125, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇儦銉嬨兂銈枫儱銉┿伄...   showReview(19928937, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閲嶅帤鎰熸孩銈屻倠鍐呰銇仌...   showReview(19928283, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇ㄣ亜銇ｃ仧銈夈儦銉嬨兂...   showReview(19926914, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈裤儻銉兼銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱...   showReview(19925956, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍣傘伀銇仦銇勩仸銇俱仐銇熴亼...   showReview(19925670, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇棫姝ｆ湀銇姳鐏倰...   showReview(19925321, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐锛曞害鐩伀銇椼仸銆佹啩...   showReview(19924993, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛戯紮锛欙紬骞淬伅棣欐腐杩旈倓...   showReview(19924551, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈え銇柟銇娉娿仐銇俱仐...   showReview(19924297, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺亱銈夎秴璞彲銆傘偣...   showReview(19923276, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€浠婂洖銆併儜銉冦偗銉勩偄銉?..   showReview(19923220, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姒傝Τ銈備腑銈傝叮銇亗銈嬪缓...   showReview(19922523, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉氥儖銉炽偡銉ャ儵銇伅锛撳洖...   showReview(19922281, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儯銉炽儦銉笺兂銇х洿鎺ヤ簣...   showReview(19922138, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛欐湀銇偔銉ｃ兂銉氥兗銉炽倰...   showReview(19922092, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併伅銆侊紤锛欙紮锛楀勾銇繑...   showReview(19921079, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仹銇欍伃...   showReview(19920379, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏁般€呮梾琛屻倰銇椼仸銇嶃仸銇?..   showReview(19919656, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仛銉曘儹銉炽儓銆佸蹇溿亴...   showReview(19919211, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓呮按銇垶鍙般亱銈夐銇抽檷...   showReview(19917585, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠娿伨銇ф硦銇俱仯銇熴儧銉嗐儷...   showReview(19916337, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇嗐仼銈儶銈广優銈瑰墠...   showReview(19916277, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇т竴鐣悕鍓嶃伄鐭ャ倝...   showReview(19916177, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

