<Author>dantescraps2007
<Content>Practicality and Location! Again, TripAdvisor steered us correctly. My husband and I were looking for a practical little hotel in a great location that wasn't going to break the bank while we visited Paris from Christmas to New Year's. If you are a looking for a cozy little place that's close to everything, this is it. The room was smaller but this is the kind of hotel you're using as a home base, so it was great. It was clean, safe, and warm during the cold spell that descended on Paris that week so who could ask for more? The staff were very helpful at all times, day or night. There is always someone on premise, which is excellent. I will say the walls are a bit on the thin side but it's nothing unmanageable. We did not partake of the breakfast here as there were so many great little bakeries and cafes near by but the menu listed many old standbys, which would be great if you're a cautious eater or have kids. The hotel is very close to the Metro (which is very safe, clean, and easy to use) so it's very handy. It's also only a 5 minute walk from Rue Mouffetard (many little restaurants and bars- I highly recommend Le Jardin d'Ivy), 5 minutes from a little daily market down the street, and 10 minutes from Notre Dame. So, if you're looking for a homey little place where you can put your feet up at the end of a long day of sight-seeing, walking, or eating (as was the case with us), this is a great little bargain!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sjmacdee
<Content>Great Hotel and Location This is a great little hotel just a few blocks from Notre Dame. The rooms are small, as everyone has mentioned, but they are clean and very comfortable. The bed linens are especially nice. The front desk was wonderful, helpful, friendly and their dinner recommendations were very good.The location is really great. You are just two blocks from Place Mufftarde, which has lots of great restaurants and pubs. There are two Metro lines within two blocks and you are only a short walk to the center of the Latin Quarter, the Louvre and Luxenbourg Gardens. The train to the airport is a short walk as well. There are great and affordable restaurants all around this location. This hotel has the largest showers we have found in Europe, a real tub! Nice towels, too.This is super little hotel in Paris. We will definitely return.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MarVail
<Content>Good value for the money We stayed for one week at the Saint Christophe. We had picked this hotel because we liked the location and the price. The location was as expected: Great starting point for sightseeing by foot or using the metro. Close to affordable dining. The room? Well, you get what you pay for: A tiny little room (don't bring more than one suitcase, there's not room for more) with tiny little beds and a tiny little tv that may or may not have worked. We couldn't figure out how to turn it on (we're not very smart) and we didn't want to inconvenience the front desk by asking. We had already tested the front-desk girl's patience once, when we had locked ourselves out of the room on the first day. Having to climb one flight of stairs to unlock the room for us was clearly annoying her. After that experience, we successfully avoided approaching the front desk during the rest of our stay. Breakfast was included in our rate. It was basic but OK (we quickly learned to buy and smuggle in additional breads from the bakery across the street). Coffee was excellent - and if you are careful to avoid eye-contact with the breakfast staff, they will ignore you. They'll also ignore you if you DO make eye-contact. But who cares - the coffee was good. Free internet in the lobby. The only problem with our room was the street noise. Do bring ear-plugs, especially if you stay during a weekend. So - if you want an affordable hotel in a convenient location, this is a good pick - but we did not find this hotel neither charming, friendly nor extra-ordinary in any way. It's a cheap place to stay - we'd stay there again if the price was right.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>girella
<Content>Pleasant and friendly hotel We chose this hotel because of the many good TA reviews and it turned out to be a good choice!The hotel is in a part of Paris we hadn't been to before so we were able to visit the nearby quarters by foot: Rue Moffetard, La Sorbonne, Pantheon, Saint Sulplice, Saint Germain des Pres etc... enchanting and a BIT less touristy!However the hotel is very near the underground station so we easily got to other parts of Paris.The rooms are rather small ( quite normal in France, I think!) but clean and comfortable.The staff at the check in were really nice and helpful and gave us whatever information we needed.We had some problems with the heating in our room The night guardian immediadtely tried to resolve the problem and when he didn't manage to get it going he gave us his elettric stove for the night and the day after they sent someone to mend it.We really felt like being at home!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ulurus
<Content>Affordable and in a Great Location       Front of Hotel  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>amf-Northumberland
<Content>Excellent situation We have just returned from the St Christophe and a long weekend in Paris with our 3 children and partners to celebrate my 60th birthday. The hotel is very well situated for the metro (Monge) and for eating out on rue Mouffetard. As we were arriving on different days, I found that I could not book on any website - or I could, but would not have been certain of getting us all in - so I booked directly with the hotel. They were not willing to offer me the same deals available on websites (inclusive breakfast.. or even a free night) but the price was a not unreasonable 110euros per 'double' room. The children's rooms were all quite adequate; fairly small but clean and quite comfortable. Ours (24), unfortunately, was incredibly tiny and cramped with barely room to walk round the small double bed, the top of which was hemmed in by the only storage 'cupboards', so if you turned over too energetically in the middle of the night you crashed your elbow against them! The worst part was having next door's bathroom - and the lift shaft - in our room, hence the severe lack of space. So, do ensure that you specify that you do NOT want a room ending in 4! These rooms are certainly not of an appropriate size for 2 people - and would only suit someone a little on the deaf side!The reception staff were charming and helpful in every respect. They did try to see if an alternate room was available for us, but informed us that there wasn't one.I cannot comment on breakfast as we never managed to eat there - the breakfasting area was tiny and full the first morning, so we ate at a bar further up rue Monge on the left (les petits 茅coliers?) for 4e90. there is also an excellent boulangerie opposite and a good supermarket, Ed, on the other side of rue Lac茅p猫de heading for rue Mouffetard.[--]AMF  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	5	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Abelian
<Content>SOft Landing at the Saint Christophe A great place to land after an exhausting schedule. After a quick day in Paris and then travel to Brugge, Belgium and Beaune, Burgandy by train for four days, we stayed here for two nights. The room was large enough for a mature couple and the service was excellent. We appreciated having the internet and two TV channels in English. The bathroom was clean and the shower was large enough to bend over, which we hadn't had at other hotels. The staff spoke English for us and were helpful with directions for internet signup and local travel. I'd recommend this hotel to any traveller.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PaducahTravelers
<Content>Great hotel in Paris! We stayed at this hotel for four nights in September 2008. We found the location to be excellent as it's a very short walk to many dining locations and the Metro. We found the front desk staff to be very friendly and hospitable. The room was small, but it is what we expected for a room in Paris. We found the room to be clean, and that is all we wanted as we only use the room for sleeping! There is just too much to see and do in Paris! We can't comment on the breakfast as we didn't eat at the hotel, but picked up food as we walked around the city.We would definately stay here again, and would recommend this hotel to our friends.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Lindsay1
<Content>Little Gem in a quiet street The hotel we had previously stayed at in Paris was booked on our dates so we decided to stay in a different area i.e. the left bank. This hotel stood out as the reviews on one of the websites were personally responded to by the management. This meant that they cared about their customers.Hotel was easy to find just round the corner from Place Monge Metro and Jussieu and Cardinal Limone were a short walk away. We were on the 6th floor. We could see the top of the Eiffel Tower from our window. Our room was smallish but clean and had all necessary requirements. We had breakfast included with the booking deal. The breakfast was ideal - cereal, yoghurt, bread and criossants with juice and tea or coffee. The servers were friendly.The hotel is in a quiet part of Paris just off the Rue Monge and we found no problems sleeping.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>SeeMyW0rld
<Content>Everything you need       View out our windo  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>coops20
<Content>superb location in Paris A real parisienne experience. The hotel is a beautiful building and the location perfect. We walked everywhere and the local area is a delight with many bars and FRIENDLY restaurants. We are an older couple and went to Paris to get engaged - it was all perfect and the hotel's ambience added to the experience. Highly recommended if you want a small, local hotel as opposed to a large modern one. Many thanks - we would return and recommend you to friends. Margaret and David  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>dfabb
<Content>Loved the Saint Christophe! We just returned from 2 weeks in Paris and stayed at the Hotel Saint Christophe. This is a charming little hotel that is amazingly convenient and walking-distance from so many sites in Paris, such as Notre Dame, the Pantheon, Rue Mouffetard, the Seine, etc. The staff and service were fantastic and very forthcoming with any assistance we required. As for size of the room, you have to go to Paris minus the North American expectations, unless you can afford the Ritz! We would definitely stay at this hotel again! Danny  DanteToronto, Canada  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ShortyMom
<Content>Wonderful Hotel-Great Location We spent 1 night at this hotel after reading many TA reviews and asking many questions on the Paris forum. This was a great hotel in a great location. It was spotless, safe, and comfortable. The best thing however was the service. Our receptionist spoke great English. We had 1 evening in Paris and told her what we would like to see. She pulled out a map and pen and paper and mapped out a complete whirlwind tour for us. She wrote down every place to walk, every metro connection, where to get on and off and put it all in order so that we made good time! We started at 4:00pm and finished about 12:30am. We ate breakfast there the next morning. It was good and all the servers and cleaning ladies were just as friendly and pleasant as could be. I would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ABrice
<Content>Freindly Hotel Just come back from a weekend in Paris and stayed at the Saint Christophe hotel. Great location for food and the underground. The staff are very freindly, can't comment on the breakfast as we didn't have it but there is a bakery just over the road and great crossiants and pain de chocolate. Our room was quite small but it was a great base for exploring Paris and i thought it was good price and i would stay there again if i went to Paris in the future  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>cjcs
<Content>Good hotel - central location Good hotel in central location with easy access to the heart of Paris. The rooms are quite small, but having read previous reviews we were expecting this. Unfortunately we hit Paris on a very hot day and the hotel does not have air conditioning which is quite a drawback. Breakfast is not substantial, but I suspect that this is refelcted in the price. Of note there is not hotel bar nor are tea and coffee facilities provided in the rooms. We were quite self-sufficient so did not need the help of the hotel staff, but everyone that we came across was very friendly. I would recommend this hotel if you need a good clean bed for a couple of nights.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>bellmeister
<Content>Brilliant! We just had 3 nights at the St Christpohe and loved it. This is our 3rd trip to Paris and this hotel and location was the best so far. Very close to place monge metro, market and shops. Walk to saint germaine, pantheon. Staff were really friendly and helpful. The room were ok size for Paris, a little dated but clean and a good bathroom. My only concern was that the rooms were a little hot - they do provide a fan though. When we were there it was nice weather but not all that hot, so I am not sure if we would have enjoyed our stay so much if it had have been over 25 degrees. Apart from that though it is a great hotel and you will struggle to find better value in Paris. We will be back!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Cody15
<Content>Great little hotel Our party of three stayed here for two nights in June, and were very pleased. The location is good, within three blocks of Rue Mouffetard with many restaurants specializing in raclettes and fondues. We highly recommend the reasonably priced and charming Restaurant Assiette aux Fromages, which has a garden patio in the back. The hotel was also a 10-minute walk to Rue St. Michel and the Latin Quarter with its numerous cafes, and 15 minutes to Notre Dame. The staff were very helpful, especially finding us a private shutter service when we learned of a possible strike that could have prevented us from getting to the airport in time the next morning. It was a treat to have free internet access in the lobby. Our room was fine, with no problems. My mother's room next door to us, with extra windows and a newer bathroom, was very nice. The value was excellent and we would not hesitate to recommend Saint Christophe to others.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>mrsbrak
<Content>Very Good Value in Paris I am always apprehensive when we book a place we haven't visited before in big cities like Paris or London. We've had some hits and misses. I'm happy to say that Hotel St. Christophe was a good find. The staff were friendly and quick to assist us with requests such as calling for taxis. The rooms were actually a decent size by Paris standards with fairly nice beds. I slept well, although there was a little traffic noise since we left our windows open... Not too bad for Paris though. The bathroom was very clean with modern fixtures -- that's one thing I'm picky about, so I was pleased. Breakfasts were your standard fare -- a basket of breads, cereals, yogurts and coffee -- not extraordinary, but certainly adequate and convenient.Overall, I was left with a very good impression of this hotel. Another great thing about it was the neighborhood. We had several very nice meals at a friendly restaurant down the street called Le Bistrot en Ville (has a bright orange awning). Also within walking distance is the colorful Rue Mouffetard, which has inexpensive international cuisine and all kinds of interesting shops. The Place Monge Metro stop is also nearby -- about a block away. I recommend this hotel and would likely book it again if we return to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Grmpmbl
<Content>Liked this hotel very much We stayed at the St. Christophe in September, 2007, and we'd gone to Paris for a honeymoon trip. (We're older newlyweds; my husband had never been to Paris, and it was my first trip in over 30 years.) We liked the hotel very, very much--especially the two large windows in the room and the lovely, clean bathroom-- and we are thinking about booking here again for a trip this coming November. We had gotten a rate that included breakfast, and the servers in the breakfast room were polite and helpful. (The bakery across the street is indeed excellent, and the people there very nice and helpful.) The restaurants immediately surrounding the hotel are a bit touristy, but I think that the people at the desk would make recommendations if asked--and, of course, the hotel is conveniently located.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CardiffDoc
<Content>Perfect location Ideal for a break in Paris. We had 4 nights here in early June. The location is its best asset. Very close to a metro station (place monge), daily market and a wonderful collection of bars and restaurants just about 200metres away on Rue Moffetard. We didn't have breakfast in the hotel (thought it was a bit overpriced) so went over the road to the boulangerie, bought fresh croissants and ate them in the loveley Jardin de Plantes which is at the end of the road. Had expected tiny bedroom but were very pleasantly suprised by a nice size room (51) with a bath and shower. It got a bit warm and opening the window over the front was a little noisy, but we could open the bathroom window which faced the back and was nice and quiet.Well recommeded as an excellent base to explore Paris.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>cheapandchic
<Content>A Little Gem My friend and I stayed for 4 nights. Loveley and clean. Metro nearby and central to all attractions. Rooms on the small side but had all you need, only nitpick tea and coffee making facilities would be nice. Breakfast was great and all the staff spoke better english than my friend and I speak french. Some lovely cafes nearby too. Would recommend to anyone spending a few days in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>firstvisittoParis
<Content>Wonderful Experience       Rm 64  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tonymsrad
<Content>Dependably a wonderful, reasonably priced place to stay I have stayed here several times over the past decade. It is a small, quintessentially French hotel, very charming. Very clean, excellent location. Breakfast--nothing special, but similar to most. Rooms are nice-sized. Near two metro stops.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>UkHappy*traveller
<Content>perfectly parisian My husband and I stayed here to celebrate our wedding anniversary and would definitely recommend it . The hotel was very clean and was just what we expected of a parisian hotel. The rooms were small but this is the norm in Paris. The bathroom was very clean and modern. Lovely to have full length windows that opened fully.All the staff we met were very friendly and the receptionist was very helpful. My husband had asked them to arranged some flowers for me which they had in the room upon our arrival,.They were beautiful and just what my husband had suggested. We had breakfast once and this was fine, all fresh and plenty. We loved the winding staircase. The location is perfect. Metro 1 minute away. Shops just around the corner, including a wonderful bakery. On Sunday we discovered a great little market in the square. Notre Dame is a lovely stroll away, 15 mins, and the park at the end of the road is lovely. It includes gardens and a menagerie. Didnt expect to see red pandas in the middle of Paris! All in all a wonderful trip helped by a great hotel.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Janakii
<Content>Lovely location Stayed in a small room (62 i think) in the eaves on the 6th floor, overlooking the front. Cosy room, but nice and bright, with a decent bathroom. And clean. As others have said, the location is perfect- a short stroll from Rue Mouffetard, and just across the road is a great bakery to grab a breakfast brioche. Very helpful reception staff, fluent English speakers, gave good advice on calmest route to Gare du Nord (avoiding Chatelet/Les Halles). The Mobilis travelcard is good value (E7.50 for 3 zones) which you can buy from the Place Monge Metro (or any Metro station).  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>vvv3
<Content>OK thanks to location This hotel is essentially average. Given the multitude of choices in Paris, it's hard to go out and recommend it, but on the other hand there are a lot of worse places out there.The big plus is the location, which is essentially next to a Metro stop, as well as close to many shops/restaurants. The proximity to the university helps there. Also, the staff is quite friendly and helpful. There is also a computer, albeit a very slow one, with complimentary internet. Once you get used to the non-QWERTY European keyboard, it can come in handy.On the negative side of things, the cleanliness of the rooms isn't exactly top-notch. Not unusual for trash cans to not be cleaned, carpets to not be vacuumed, etc. Never mind personal items being strangely moved at times. Plus, the rooms can have a musty smell. Also, the rooms are very small (Tokyo small) but maybe not that unusual for Paris. And the lack of free wifi internet is becoming more of an issue now that so many hotels include it in their rate.As a side note, the breakfast should be avoided simply b/c it's not worth the cost. You can go to one of the many bakeries in the area and get much more for less than half the price.Overall, I don't think I'd necessarily stay again, but if you perhaps get a great deal, then it might be worth trying this hotel out...  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	5	3	2	

<Author>spanfan
<Content>very welcoming and helpful I have just returned from a weekend break with 5 friends to the Hotel St Christophe. The area around the hotel is typically Parisian, with lots of shops, restaurants and cafes, with a wonderful market in the Place Monge. Three Metro stations within walking distance. The young lady at reception was extremely helpful - nothing was too much trouble for her, including leaving our luggage in a locked room both on the day of arrival and the day of departure. The bedrooms were quite small, but okay for short stays. Everything was very clean and nicely decorated. The only negative comment would be the small breakfast room. Tables too small for 4 people, and everyone packed in so close that it was difficult to get up and move around without disturbing others.I would certainly recommend the hotel to others, and I hope to return at some future date.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>olsody
<Content>St. Christophe has fantastic location       Large Beds  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>gerrysc
<Content>Average 3 star hotel in paris We stayed here for 4 nights in February. It's pretty much as advertised. It is a middle of the road 3 star hotel with decent off season rates. Close to Metro stops and a short walk to Ile de la Cite. It is generally quiet with minimal street noise. The walls are a bit thin so you could hear other couples activities.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>JandE2007
<Content>Nice Stay @ the Hotel Saint Christophe       hotel entrance  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Iitu
<Content>Great location This little hotel was a very good place for our weekend visit to Paris. We wanted to stay somewhere near to the Latin Quarter with all it's restaurants and cafes. The hotel is in a great location, near to Rue Monge with all its restaurants and walking distance to the Notre Dame and Pantheon. The rooms were clean and comfortable, although on the small side. The beds were two singles pushed together, even though we had requested a double room. The bathrooms were modern and clean. The breakfast was excellent if you like croissants and pan au chocolat as well as warm freshly baked French bread... The staff were friendly and there is a luggage room where we were able to leave our bags after check-out. I would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>mcdthemanager
<Content>Good Little Hotel Stayed at this hotel in November of last year for a girls weekend with three other friends.I found this hotel to have every thing we could want. Rooms were very clean, a little small but adequate for our stay. We faced the back of the hotel and it could be a little noisy at night. Hotel staff were friendly and helpful. Breakfast was good. Location of hotel was also good and within walking distance of Metro. Also hotel was very near a square which had cafes, bars and restaurants. Area felt very safe for us girls on our own. On the whole a good choice of hotel for short stay in Paris. Would definitely recommend this hotel and I would certainly go back myself.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>crtgal
<Content>Fantastic find in an ideal location! My husband and I just returned from a 4 night stay. We had a wonderful experience with the Saint Christophe. After reading so many positive reviews on tripadvisor, we booked this hotel for our first visit to Paris. We were not disappointed. The rooms were clean and the bathrooms were spotless and modern. The staff was lovely and accommodating. Breakfast was included in our rate and was perfect to hold us over until lunch. The location was ideal, as it is near two metro stops and also convenient to access most of Paris' center on foot. Book a room with confidence. We are particularly fussy travelers and have nothing but positive things to say about this hotel. We would gladly stay here again and are confident to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rocky_Racoon76
<Content>A great choice We stayed here mid-week from 21 to 25 January 2008 and our experience was superb. The hotel is situated close to Notre Dame, in a good area near to some lovely bars, cafes and restaurants. It is ideally located for exploring Paris on foot, but for the less active it is also close to a number of Metro stations. The hotel staff were faultlessly helpful and friendly. The reception staff spoke excellent English which was perfect given my rusty French. We had a room on the fifth floor which was cosy but very comfortable and warm. Outside street noise was not a problem. Most importantly, the room, bathroom and bed linen were spotlessly clean. However, some travellers may wish to take note that the size of the room and the small lift which serves each of the floors might prove problematic for wheelchairs. The hotel facilities included a small breakfast room where a decent continental breakfast was served, and an internet room. To be honest, we didn't expect or require much more. All in all this hotel was a real charm and I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ianjaneWhitleyBay
<Content>Perfect place My husband and I stayed for two nights and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. The staff were very helpful and pleasant. We had a room on the fifth floor which was very quiet which was what we wanted. The room itself was small and compact but spotlessly clean. Breakfast was continental, cornflakes, tea or coffee, orange juice, croissants but ample for what we required. Again the staff were very pleasant and the breakfast room was spotless. The hotel is near to everything, lots of restaurants if you walk up the hill and close to the metro.We had a brilliant time and would definately recommend this hotel.Thank you again for an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pfcfan
<Content>good value hotel in a good location Hotel is in a good location near a metro stop and only a short five/ten minute walk to the water bus.The pantheon is also only a ten minute walk away.Plenty of bars and restaurants close by and not too badly pricedReceptionist was very helpful.Rooms were clean and noise was not a problem.Breakfast was a little cramped with not enough tables for the guests however this was the only real downside. Food consisted of the usual offering of croissants and jam although cereals and fruit juice were also available. All in all I would stay here again as the location is good, the rooms comfortable and clean and the price very good for Paris.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shebee_7
<Content>Just Perfect! On short notice we decided to take a trip to Paris over Thanksgiving. I was looking for a place on the right bank, but Hotel Saint Christophe had the right price. Our local travel agent helped book our stay.I had been warned that some 3-star hotels are not what they seem or what we would expect. From the moment of our arrival, we knew we had booked a great hotel.We arrived just after the beginning of the train strikes. The front desk staff was wonderful in giving directions, checking our train schedule (for traveling to the Loire Valley later in the week), and helping to arrange a tour to Versailles (since the trains weren't running). I have never seen such attentive staff!The rooms were clean--mine was on the 6th floor, had a balcony, and contrary to other reviews, the room and bathroom were of good size. My sister's was on the first floor, had 2 twin beds (kind of narrow), and had an even bigger room and bathroom. BOTH rooms were quiet and comfortable.Breakfast was simple, filling, and the staff were nice--coffee, croissants, rolls, cheese, yogurt, cereal, butter, and jam.The local flea market was great! Meats, cheeses, clothes, and treats! Hotel Saint Christophe is fairly centrally located--only 15 min walk to Notre Dame, 15 min walk to Gare Austerlitz, and many shops within a 10 min walking radius.We had a wonderful stay--we will return.Thanks!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lilacs109
<Content>Fabulous little hotel!!! real gem The first time we stayed in paris, we spent about $50 less per night and got a real substandard hotel... This time we were totally happy with this gem of a boutique hotel in the Latin Quarter. The location is awesome, only 2 streets from Rue Moufettard where all the restaurants are, 5 or 6 blocks from Notre Dame. Staff is like a family here and make suggestions. Rooms can be on the small side, but alllll european hotels have small rooms. We were on the street side, so there was some street noise at night. But it's awesome to have a little balcony in the morning to open the window out and smell the bakery below...  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>rhumbrunner
<Content>Nice Hotel, Great Location, Lovely Staff We have been to Paris five times and stayed in a different hotel each time. We will stay at the St Christophe again. The location is wonderful, walking distance to Notre Dame and the walking street, Rue Mouffetard. The staff are very friendly and helpful. We were very grateful for their help arranging transportation to the airport during the transportation strike. We highly recommend staying at the Hotel St Christophe  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BlobDenmark
<Content>Cosy and intimate atmosphere. My first real stay in the heart of Paris. A chance for early spring and shopping with a friend - and lowfare flights, et voila: Paris here we come.We chose the hotel more or less by chance - I would never hessitate visiting it again, and in fact I just recommended it to some friends. Friendly, cosy, clean - thumbs up.Greetings from Denmark.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wk4
<Content>Would not recomend! Location was not as close to Notre Dame as advertised, but still within a long walk. Some of the staff friendly and helpful. Our room was very small with old furniture, but clean. The bathroom was fine. First night the room was hot and had to sleep with the window open and the street noise was very loud.I asked the hotel staff to book and paid them directly for an airport shuttle for an early morning flight. I was in the lobby waiting for the shuttle and showed the desk clek my receipt. He called the driver in to get our luggage and help us board. To make a long story shorter I had been boarded on the wrong shuttle and therefore missed my flight and other connections. It was very expensive for me to rebook my flights. I called the hotel to see if they would at least refund my 2 nights stay to help offset my expenses. They would not accept responsibility nor would they offer anything other than a very weak apology.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mairtin
<Content>Allez le Blue! ! ! Just returned from a great few days in this wonderful city.Oct 11-16Great weather,great food,and of course a great little hotel.Catherine and moi spent five nights in the St.Christophe and we fully agree with all the positive comments made here.The hotel itself is spotlessly clean as was our room which was on the 5th floor,with a lovely view over side streets.The staff are friendly and helpful,and really made us feel welcome.A couple of tips to help you on your visit:We arrived from Dublin in CGD at 4 pm.We decided to be adventurous and take the RER to Chatalet then line 7 to Pl. Monge................................a big mistake.Chatalet is a nightmare at rush hour,even moreso with luggage!! Take a taxi its less stressful.About 40mins and 40 euro should see you to your hotel.The 47 Bus is very useful for getting downtown,it drops you back almost at the door of the hotel.Bon Voyage, we will return to the St. Christophe.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Renierk
<Content>Cramped Christophe We stayed for four nights at the Hotel Saint Christophe at the end of September. Very close to Place Monge with its thrice weekly market and metro stop, the Saint Christophe is decidedly convenient for the Latin Quarter and central Paris. Our room was located in the front of the hotel, and with the windows open, the street noise was almost unbearable. However, with the windows closed (not an option all times of year), it was relatively quiet. The bed was extremely small, though, making it difficult for two normal sized adults to sleep comfortably. There is some storage space, but the configuration made it difficult to access. The bathroom was clean and functional, but limited space made it challenging to access toiletries for two people. Shower gel and shampoo were provided in tiny tear packages, which we found insufficient for lathering up; bring your own. The breakfast room downstairs is mundane compared to many hotels of this sort, and the breakfast (included in our rate) even more so. While we're used to small continental breakfasts, good bread or croissants make them enjoyable. The service was generally gracious and inviting. We had one small problem with housekeeping leaving only one bath towel, met with the classic French Impossible! when we informed the front desk, but then rapidly resolved. All in all, we found this a solid property but nothing special.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>StarLady99
<Content>A Stellar Small Hotel! My husband and I stayed 3 nights at Saint Christophe Hotel Paris in Sept. 2007 and would stay again at this charming establishment near the Jardin des Plantes and the Pantheon. The staff were all friendly and helpful, spoke fluent English, and provided us with free maps. Our room (#62) was a corner unit on the top floor with a small balcony overlooking the Parisian rooftops. Although it was a tiny chambre it was very clean with a large marble bathroom. In the morning they served a delightful continental breakfast with the best cafe au lait, fresh croissants, yogurt, and cereal. The hotel has an elevator (which is a real PLUS when you have heavy suitcases) and free internet service from their guest computer. Just a few minutes walk up the hill you'll find crowded streets with fun dining spots and outdoor concerts. Notre Dame and the Seine is within a short stroll from the hotel.. We understand why this hotel is always full-it's a terrific homebase while visiting the city of light.Here are a couple of tips for your Paris visit:1. When arriving by Eurostar at Gare du Nord as we did, if you have more than one piece of hand luggage, take a taxi to the hotel. With tiip and baggage fees, our fare was 20 Euros and it took just about 15 minutes even in rush hour traffic. Attempting to drag suitcases through the underground could be challenging and not worth the extra savings.2. For an overview of Paris, buy a day pass on the open air bus which has 4 routes. The Grand Tour route takes in most of the major sites. You can hop on and off at your leisure until about 6pm which is a super way to spend a day getting familiar with the city. Price is 24 Euros. Don't buy your pass In England if you are riding Eurostar as it is much mnre expensive sold in pounds.3. If you are visiting Versailles, either go on a pre-paid tour which is available from the hotel for 39 Euros, or buy your entrance ticket at the Bureau de Turism which is located about 2 blocks on the left before you reach the Versailles gates. Price is 25 Euros. If you wait to buy your ticket at the Versailles ticket office, you'll still pay 25 Euros, however expect a VERY long queu of an hour or more.4. Be aware of pick pockets, especially in crowded areas. Backpacks, purses, and fanny packs are targeted and you won't even know you've been robbed until it's too late. 5. We found best rates for Saint Christophe at [--].6. Learn a little French and have a blast practicing. Despite what others have said about Parisians, we found everyone absolutely delightful....tres gentilles.Bon journee et bienvenue a Paris!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pjdelgado21
<Content>Great Place!! The Saint Christophe was a perfect stay while traveling in Paris. Upon arrival, which was earlier than expected, the hotel had not yet cleaned the room that I had booked. They had no problem finding another and making sure everything was taken care of. The staff was great and the location....awesome! Located right next to the Monge Metro, traveling to and from the hotel during the day was easy and convenient. Our room was on the 3rd floor and had a nice little view of the surrounding streets and buildings that make up the Latin Quarter. The rooms were a little on the small size but nothing to really worry about, i'm told that's what to expect in Europe. Only complaint was that our room, located right next to the street, was a bit noisy at times but nothing that made the experience less enjoyable. One thing I was really pleased with was the computer down stairs with an internet connection that was available for use. I have to stay on top of my Fantasy Football! haha All together, I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to Paris. Great place with an excellent staff, location, and rooms!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>FamilyS4
<Content>A great place to stay! A lovely hotel for a short break. Rooms were spotless, bathrooms clean and the breakfasts more than adequate. The hotel is within walking distance to many places and the metro station was one street away so very handy for getting everywhere. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bewen
<Content>Little gem in the Latin Quarter We stayed there twice this year  were very impressed with the location- just where we wanted to be, central but but quiet. The decor was either right up to date  retro or still left over from the 70s. I suspect the latter.The staff were very helpful, the rooms very clean  comfortable- the lift was minute. Breakfast was good. They seemed to want to lock the front door as early as they could but always opened it promptly.I don't know how family friendly it is but it was ideal for two adultsA really good find right in the Latin Quarter, not too cheap/not too pricey...good value.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>takeabreak77
<Content>Great place - Great location Excellent value for money hotel in an excellent location for exploring Paris on foot, by Metro or by using the Batobus. The room was on the small side, but the facilities were of a good standard - clean, comfortable and very well serviced. Bathroom great. Everyone we met in the hotel was very friendly and helpful. The room overlooked Rue Lacepede, which added real interest without being over-noisy. Place Monge - for the Metro and market was 1-2 minutes away. Rue Mouffetard - for bars, bistros and restaurants was 3-4 minutes way - we found the top end of the street nicer - and as prices go in Paris, good value.Our first stay in Paris and we would certainly use the hotel again on this showing. Everyone we met in the city, bar one waiter at a bistro near the Eiffel Tower, was really pleasant and helpful. We'll return.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>John07Indiana
<Content>friendly, cozy gem We have stayed at the Hotel St Christophe four times, and each time felt like returning home. The rooms are small, but clean and cozy. Breakfast is a good deal. The location is super--not far from Descartes' house, and the apartment Hemingway stayed in during The Movable Feast. The entire city is within easy reach.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bettina222
<Content>Quite satisfied with Hotel St. Christophe My husband and I spent 8 nights at Hotel St. Christophe. We arrived in Paris early morning so our room wasn't ready but we were able to leave our luggage in a locked closet and set out to explore for a few hours.We were very satisfied with the hotel. The breakfast was more than adequate.......tea, coffee, juice, an assortment of rolls, croissants etc, cereal and yogurt.The weather was spectacular when we were there (April 14th-22nd) so we needed to leave the windows open a bit at night.There was some street noise but earplugs took care of that.And usually we were so tired by the end of the day, we had no trouble falling asleep!The room was small but very clean. The bathroom was great.The small fridge was perfect for keeping a few things in the room.......water etc.We loved the location........close to several metro stations, and a very safe area to walk around in.The front desk staff were very helpful with directions and suggestions. We would not hesitate to stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Cathy73
<Content>Great hotel! My husband and I spent three nights at the St.Christophe, and we were very pleased! Both with the hotel itself as well as the location. The room was quite typical Parisian, small but nice and clean. We found that the breakfast was excellent and the staff were very nice and helpful! Even though the Place Monge metro station was closed at the time the hotel is in walking distance to most of the Latin Quarter. We will definetivly stay there the nixt time we go to Paris!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>David012
<Content>Loved the Saint Christophe We just returned from a week at the Saint Christophe, and we enjoyed it tremendously. The rooms are cosy and very well maintained. I saw some negative comments in some earlier reviews about the beds, but we throught they were excellent; I am 6' 3 and was very comfortable in one of the twin beds. The bathrooms are very modern and are excellent as well; ours had a razor point where you can plug in a US-110 volt electric device without the need for a converter.I also saw some earlier negative comments about street noise. At least during this time of year, when we slept with the windows closed, we heard nothing. We really enjoyed the breakfasts. There is plenty served, and the convenience of having the breakfast in the hotel is terrific. We didn't make many requests of the staff, but whenever we did they were extremely pleasant and responsive.It's true, as recently noted here, that the Place Monge metro station is closed for repairs. Don't be put off by that -- the Jussieu station is only a few minutes' walk away. We loved the location. It is especially nice to be so close (two blocks) to the Jardin des Plantes. My son wanted to run every morning before breakfast, and this was an ideal place for that. For us non-runners, it was a beautiful spot for a walk among the gardens and the menagerie. The hotel is also an easy walk to the Gare d'Austerlitz, which was our departure point for a day trip to Versailles. There are a wide variety of good restaurants only two blocks away on Rue Mouffetard, and this is only a 10-15 minute walk from Notre Dame.All in all, it was a delightful hotel at a good price. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>suuva
<Content>Overpriced for what you get I paid an average of $150US a night for 4 nights. I thought it was a really good deal. When I got there I found out that the metro stop closest to the hotel was closed. I think that's why I got a lower rate. I think that metro opens up again in April 2007.The room was clean. The room was a nice size considering rooms in France are not big. The bathroom was small, but clean. The staff was extremely friendly and spoke English very well. The location is not as nice as Marais or the Louvre area. Still, I felt pretty safe walking to and from my hotel at night. There are a lot of places to eat if you walk a couple of blocks away. There is a bakery across the street, an open air market just a block away, and a bank with an ATM machine across the street. There are two metro lines close by so you can get to almost anywhere you want to go in 1 or less transfers.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RTaba2
<Content>Very nice small hotel My wife and I stayed here in early March. Very friendly staff, and the room though small was pleasant and clean. The room included a refrigerator (part with mini-bar items which we ignored) with room for your own snack or lunch supplies. This is a small hotel - about 5 rooms per floor. The elevator is small as well (2 adults and two suitcases filled it) and the elevator is up one step from the lobby.Breakfast was very nice with bread, croissants, cereal, milk, cheese, yoghurt, plus coffee/tea/hot chocolate.  The staff was also very helpful in arranging a shuttle to the airport (New Shuttle was the company) for 17 euros each if two people travel together.Check out the wonderful market a block away at Place Monge (7:00 AM-about 2:00) on Weds, Fri, and Sun according to my guide book. Fresh fruit, vegetables, cheese, jams, other foods, and some crafts and jewelry. If you are traveling to or from either airport and have very little luggage you can take the RER B train directly to Luxembourg stop, about 5-6 blocks away. I did not use this station, and don't know if it has an escalator, but most Metro stations we used required using stairs. We would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Eileen-Mark
<Content>Old World Parisian charm We returned yesterday from a fabulous trip to Paris and this great hotel definitely contributed to it.We went to Paris for 4 days to sightsee, walk in the parks, eat great french food and therefore not spend much time in a hotel, this was the reason I chose 3* and what a great choice the Hotel Saint Christophe was!It is small and quaint but so in fitting with this gorgeous city. Yes the rooms are small but the long floor to ceiling windows that open out onto the street are so typically parisian and add to thecharm. The hotel was spotlessly clean and the staff were very helpful and friendly. On our first night, we asked the receptionist to recommend a nice french restaurant. She suggested La Maree Verte (approx 10-15 mins walk). Super restaurant - great food and lovely ambience. Well worth a visit. Breakfast is basic continental but hey you wont go hungry in Paris.The location of this hotel is perfect - right beside the Jardin des Plantes and between 2-5 minutes walk from 2 metro stations; Place Monge  Jussieu. We walked to Notre Dame in approx. 15-20 minutes.We have decided to go back to Paris later this year and will definitely by staying at Hotel Saint Christophe again.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unini2
<Content>It was batter in the past We stayed in this hotel tow years ago- loved it and recommended to our friends. This time- it was alittle bit disappointing. The room was tiny and smelly . We have no problem with litlle rooms, and even prefer the intimate feeling. But it was really too litlle! In addition, we asked, in advance, if there is a possibility, to make an early check in- we mentioned that i am pregnant in an advanced stage, and that our flight arrives early. We were answed that there will be no problem unless all the rooms will be occupied- an answer we found reasonably fair. Though, with our arrival we were told that there is no possibility to an early check in, since the hotel is full. Nonetheless, checking the hotel website, in the day of our arrival- there were 5 (!!!) double available rooms. It is true that no one owed us a thing- It is just the feeling that no gesture of good will was done. And it was the main problem during all our stay- the service was basic, and it seemed that no-one tries to halp wholeheartedly. That was the common attitude in the front desk and with the morning breakfest staff- who never smiled but looked very eager to ask the room number- giving an unpleasent feeling.So... the hotel still has its great location, reasonable price and basic but clean rooms, but there seems to be comparable possibilitis with batter attitude to the gustes.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	2	1	

<Author>mcon60
<Content>jewel in the latin quartier Booked this hotel on the internet having sought location advice from Trip Advisor. When travelling in France we always book Logis De France hotels as these have never disappointed. They are always lovely warm and friendly stopovers. This hotel is small but really comfortable with quite big rooms for Paris and a great en-suite. The staff are really friendly and will make calls for you and arrange trips. The hotel is close to a really exciting daily market and about 10/15 mins. walk of Notre Dame and the right bank. Breakfasts are great with croissants,chocolate croissants, yoghurts, cereal, cheese and crusty bread. Tea, coffee, water and pure orange juice are available along with jams.Be sure to go to Shakespeare and Co book shop on the bank of the Seine, a great experience.My children booked us a treat ride from the airport with ------------ and two lovely men, Vincent and Jimmy made our Paris experience with a night drive through Paris past all the sights. Magic.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KC5ITK
<Content>Good Value in Paris My moter in-law booked our rooms online without a problem. She noted that we were arriving late. Staff had no problems with our delayed arrival. The cab ride from CDG for the four of us was reasonable. Staff was incredibly nice. Tolerant of my French, but fluent in English too. Our room was on the top floor. My in-laws' room was on the fifth floor. Our bathroom was beautiful. it did not have a bathtub, but was beautifully appointed and quite large. The coffered and lower ceilings of our room made it feel a touch small for the two of us. With that said though, my in-laws room on the lower floor felt roomier and the bathtub made for an even nicer room. I would recommend a fourth or fifth floor room. Not a sixth floor room.The bedding needs to be replaced and updated as it was lackluster. The bed itself and the pillows were good though. We slept with the windows openand were quite comfortable in late September. It got noisy at various points in the evening, but that is to be expected in Paris. It didn't prevent me from sleeping.Breakfast was served in the basement and it was quite warm down there. Breakfast was functonal.Although we would stay there again, we would give a more enthusiastic review if bedding were updated and rooms were better aired out as we found all the other aspects to be agreeable.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MBAX01
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Stayed here in early October. Very convenient loaction, one block from Place Monge Metro Station, 20 min. walk to Notre Dame, great food choices (variety, quality, price) 2 uphill blocks away on Rue Moffetard.Room was small but comfortable for 2 -- in room mini bar/fridge, small desk, comfortable bed. New bathroom, great shower, plenty of hot water.Staff was friendly and extremely helpful, Continental breakfast (included in our package) was good.Only negative is no A/C -- could be uncomfortable in hot weather  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dptesq
<Content>Great Experience               More photos  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JVBull
<Content>Good choice when AC is not necessary We stayed in this hotel for four nights in early September, 2006. I agree with the review, two below, Comfortable..... We love this neighborhood, and the Contrescarpe square just minutes from this hotel. One issue to consider. Paris is noisy at night. Very few 3-star hotels have air conditioning (including this one). If you are there when it is warm at night, you will need the window open and you will hear a good deal of noise from Rue Monge all night. I would stay at this hotel again if in a cool season but would pay more for a hotel with AC if in warm weather.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Timberman
<Content>Small - and clean - is Beautiful We only had a few days, so the central location was great. Who said the French were rude - not true! Hotel staff fantastic! Rooms small but spotless, everything worked. A great stay. One thing though; I'm over six feet tall - the beds were not my size!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>S_Sharp
<Content>Unpleasant experience I booked this hotel based on other reviews, so after my experience I thought I should tell people mine. Although a good location and a comfortable room I found the staff quite unfriendly. The most unpleasant thing to happen was that half of my La Prairie eyecream had been used after returning from a day of sight seeing. I don't mean to sound spoilt but I saved up for this cream as a holiday treat and half of it had been scooped out and used - it was extremely obvious. From then on I locked all of my possesions (including toiletries) in my suitcase each morning and whenever I left the room.They do advise the use of the safe but I did not think that meant face products! I will never stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	5	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Zeroo
<Content>Comfortable, ideally situated small hotel A nice, small hotel at the Rue Monge end of Rue Lacepede - a road running up to the botanical garden, the Jardin des Plantes, and only a couple of minutes from the Palce Monge metro. The Left Bank is the place to stay in Paris if you prefer the historic, narrow streets of the Latin Quarter and the islands to the more commercial, sometimes tacky, touristy feel of the Bastille area or the institutional monumentalism of western Paris. The hotel was clean, well maintained and the staff cheerful and helpful ( all those at the reception spoke English). The room in the hotel was small (more amply proportioned people may find it, and certainly the cosy lift, a tight squeeze) but adequately equipped (small TV with BBC, mini-bar useful for keeping a bottle of wine) and had nice street views - we stayed on the third floor overlooking Rue Lacepede and enjoyed evenings sipping wine sitting by the window. The bathroom was fine with a powerful shower and efficient mixer taps. It could get hot in summer but we did not find the humdrum street noise from the open windows a problem except briefly on the Saturday night when there was a fight outside the nearby Irish bar, The Iron Bell. The boulangerie opposite and the better known Boulangerie de Monge were both great to pick something up for lunch and also check out the morning market in Place Monge.. For dinner it is hard to beat the restaurants along the Rue Mouffetard and the streets off - under E40 for a three course meal for two with a carafe of wine and coffee - and Cafe ZigZag on Rue Varlet near the Pantheon is a good place for a night cap.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>SueW2
<Content>Perfect - would go again Very comfortable, quiet clean hotel in a perfect area of Paris. Friendly staff. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>gourmet_two
<Content>Hot but who cares - you're in Paris! We spent a few nights in Paris in July and decided to stay at this hotel due to the positive reviews it received on Trip Advisor. The hotel is quite small with a real 'family-run' feel to it. The staff were always friendly and helpful, speaking English. The room itself was quite a good size, but the bed a little small and not overly comfortable. The bathroom was a good size and the shower had great water pressure. There was no airconditioning but there was a small fan which we found quite adequate. There was a bar fridge which was handy for keeping drinks cool. With the large french windows open, you had a lovely view of the street, with all the window boxes in bloom. The latin quarter is a very nice part of Paris to stay in, with a real old Parisian feel. The breakfast room was very small and stuffy in the basement with no airconditioning and as we were in Paris during a rather hot spell, this was a little uncomfortable. Breakfast was OK, with cereal and croissants on offer even though one morning, they were out of cereal. Location of this hotel is great, within walking distance to a couple of metro stations and the Siene. Didn't find the neighbourhood noisy at all.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>antione
<Content>Decent, Functional Hotel I've been to paris many times for extended visits and can say with great authority that there are many dumpy hotels there. I know because I've stayed in them mostly because of lousy per diems provided by my company. (Thankfully that has changed). People who complain about Hotel St. Christophe just don't know how bad it can really be. I once stayed down near place d'italie in this hotel that was like some modern chamber of horrors yet it was completely full because Paris was in the thick of its convention season. Let me tell you my friends - the problems I'm reading here about St. Christophe are noting in comparison to some of the hellholes I've stayed in. In any case I do concur that there is a musty smell to the rooms though most places that lack AC wind up with this type of odor. The room was serviced on time, the towels were clean, as were the sheets. The TV was functional (Though I don't have much time for that but do like to check the news before sleeping). The floor was clean, vacumed daily, the bathroom was sparkling, and all plumbing worked well with little noise (if you have been to paris before then you know that this is not a given in many paris hotels). The staff was helpful and responsive to questions. The rooms don't have those mini safes so you will need to store valuables in the hotel safe. The breakast area is clean and is about as big as any of the breakfast areas I've seen in other Parisian hotels of comparable size. Of course by US standards it is small but not by european standards. The staff has no problems if you want to take your breakfast tray to your room. The mini bar wasn't fully packed so I could buy my own water and juice at nearby stores and cool it in my room. I very much liked the large windows, which when even opened a quarter of the way open provide considerable ventilation and help cool things down. The windows have a veil in addition to the curtain that can be used to provide some additional privacy but when you are taking the shower just pull the windows closed. Also keep in mind that *many* places in Paris have no AC so don't think that this is specifc to hotel st. christophe. The locale is excellent as there are two metro stations very,very closeby. The neighborhood is refreshingly UN touristy and is located right next to Jardin Des Plantes - admittedly not the most celebrated garden in Paris but still very nice. For those who want to stay in this area you can eat closeby in any number of places. But for me the metro is so convenient I can be most anywhere pretty quickly. There is a *slight* problem with environmental noise given that some of the side streets have cafes and bars where customers hang out in the street sometimes late BUT again, this isn't unique to this hotel , paris, or many other european cities where space is at a premium and you have densely packed areas hosting residential and commercial buildings. The street that runs along the back of the hotel , rue de la clef, has a pub called the iron bell and towards closing time some of the drunks stand around outside for a while before going home but its not really that bad. REally it isn't. If you are the type who needs total silence to sleep then Paris probably isn't a good city to visit. That or you need to stay in one of the corporate chain hotels up on champs-elysee where you are paying $250 a night. I have no problems recommending this hotel to anyone. For me, having a clean, safe room ,responsive staff, good location , and nearby restuarants make it easy to deal with the other problems that I consider to be minor.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ascalapius
<Content>Not upto expectations After reading the reviews on this site about this hotel, i expected something better. BUT really i cannot fathom WHY anyone would call this a good hotel.  1. The room- Small ( yes i know its europe) and clean BUT there was this MUSTY smell that just seemed to persist.2. The lack of Airconditioning - This presented and interesting paradox. You could open the rather large windows BUT you let in all the road noises and of course, everyone can see you after your shower. I am not kidding about this. The temprature in the room would soar if the windows were closed. There is a small tower fan in the room that did little. NO cieling fans.3. Breakfast - Very functional, Orange juice, tea, cornflakes, croissants, yoghurt is what you can expect. Its not the breakfast but WHERE it was served which created the problem. The basement was HOT and small. There were 6 tables in all and at best only 13-15 could fit into it. Not something i want to look forward to in the morning. The GOOD thing was the location- its next to two metros - Place Monge and Cardinal Lemoine. Lots of small bistros nearby BUt its not value for money( in my opinion)  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>carrotsarered
<Content>springtime in paris We spent five nights at the hotel and had a wonderful time in paris. I would agree with most of the reviews- the hotel is small, clean and in a real- not touristy area. I watched the neighbourhood life going on through the windows as I woke up in the morning. I would say that the hotel seemed very warm and I probably would have found it too hot in the summer.It is in an ideal location for the local metro, small cafes etc up at the place de la contrascope where we ate most evenings. The room at the front was noisy but we expected that as we were in a busy capital city.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DancesWithWords
<Content>Perfect Little Hotel! We just spent 9 days at Hotel Saint-Christophe, and loved every minute of it. With the semaine rate, it came to about 100 euros per night (including a decent-sized breakfast) -- a great deal! It was super-clean, very quiet, and only a block from everything you might need. Place de la Contrascarpe was a block away, Place Monge (street market) and rue Mouffetard (a bazillion restaurants, street market, etc.) were each a block away, tons of little neighborhood cafes and bistros, a laundramat and small supermarket each a block away, two Metro stops and numerous buses nearby, and the Arene de Lutece half a block away. We could walk to Notre Dame, Luxembourg Gardens, the Pantheon, St. Michel, St. Germain. There's a computer near the lobby, and you can purchase units of time to check your e-mail or keep in touch with folks back home.The staff couldn't have been nicer or more helpful -- we never left or arrived without having a pleasant conversation with someone. One morning, I heard a noise outside the window and opened it discover there were workers painting the building. (We'd been told they'd be there, but I'd forgotten.) When I closed the window, I discovered I'd gotten white paint all over my brand-new black jacket ... and the staff sprang into action. They came up with turpentine to remove the paint, then scrubbed it with something else to make it smell better. (The smell wore off in half an hour anyway.) Even though it was completely my fault, they were so nice about it. I'd recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to stay in a real (not tourist-y) Parisian neighborhood -- and I'll definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>trav46583
<Content>Close to everything, quiet, friendly Stayed for a weekend in February - the hotel is undergoing some exterior renovation but we experienced NO noise and the windows were not really blocked at all - so dont worry about that unless you stay during the week and plan to spend all day sitting inside your hotel room!Friendly staff, decent breakfast (baguettes, croissants, cereal, yogurts, etc). Down the street from huge park and about 2 blocks from Mouffetard (lots of restaurants/shops/great Sunday marketplace). Less than 3 minute walk from Metro (Place Monge) and there is another metro stop on a different line a little bit further up the street.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bthorn27
<Content>Great Parisian Home Base This hotel has a great location for exploring all of Paris, and very reasonable rates. The rooms are clean, and the staff is friendly. The hotel does not offer many frills, and its quite possible to get a room with no view, or a less than desirable view. For frugal travelers this place is a great option.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jeanr
<Content>Charming Hotel We recently stayed for 4 nights at St Christophe. We had a twin room facing the street, (which was very quiet), decent sized bathroom, and spotlessly clean. Breakfast was included in the price, and was a good start to the day.The staff were great, and we liked the location. All in all, we very much enjoyed our stay and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>irishiiis
<Content>Hotel St. Christophe a keeper We spent a week at the hotel St. Christophe off rue Monge, and we were happy we picked this hotel, based on TripAdvisor reviews. The price of $125/night included a decent breakfast, cereal, yogurt, croisant, cheese, o.j. and tea or coffee. The mattress was nice and firm, the room completely clean, the shower had terrific water pressure and lots of very hot water. The room faced the street, yet was very quiet. The Metro stop is a half block away and makes it easy to zip around Paris. We walked from the hotel to Notre Dame, the Louvre, Luxembourg Garden and many other places. My husband got sick, and the hotel helped us get a cab to the hospital. I told them they didn't need to chage the linens that day, and they said they would do it while we were gone. They were always very helpful and pleasant. With the money you save on lodging, you can gain weight at the many fantastic restaurants around the city!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, comfortable, cheery, and convenient This hotel exceeded our expectations for a room in Paris in this price range. We stayed 4 nights. We would definitely return. It was exceptionally clean and comfortable. We were happy to return to the warmth of our room after touring the streets during a normal December (32 to 45 degrees F) day. The staff was friendly and helpful. Breakfast was a plus and got us started out right each day. Our daily plan was to take the convenient #7 Metro to the farthest point away (e.g. Sacre Coeur or Eiffel) and then to walk back stopping at a museum or two on the way and then eating in the French Quarter. Parfait! What a town! D'Orsay was the best.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LesfromNJ
<Content>Pleasant base for our Paris visit We enjoyed our room and the staff was pleasant. This is a good location for walking in the Latin Quarter and the METRO is conviently close.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Value The hotel was excellent and close to the Metro Station, which allowed easy access throughout Paris and to Versailles. My wife and I spent over a week and the hotel was very comfortable and clean, the towels and hand towels were also fine. There is a 110 volt outlet in the bathroom that can be used for shaving or recharging the digital camera, as well as a built-in hair dryer. There is local nightlife 2 blocks away with many bars and restaurants that are economically priced. We walked to the Arc de Triumph in about three hours, stopping along the way for lunch and sight seeing. The staff also helped with booking shows and dinners. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Arthur230
<Content>Disappointed I was disappointed with the St. Christophe after having read some of the good reviews prior to our trip. The location was good but that's about the best thing I can say about the hotel. Our main reason for staying at this location was because we had heard the staff was nice to Americans. This is however not what we encountered. The Asian lady helping us was so rude on several occasions that we were there. I didn't feel singled out however because I also heard her arguing with some British visitors as well. We felt like we were inconveniencing her to have her open the baggage storage area for us after we checked in as our room was not ready yet. And don't ask her for advice about restaurants, etc around there because she acts like she knows absolutely nothing about the city. Upon entering our room, we saw that they were very tiny (which we expected so that wasn't a big deal) and opened right onto the very noisy street. Had I not had my earplugs, I would have gotten absolutely zero sleep during my stay. The room was clean but the bed (although a double bed) was so short that my feet hung off the end of it and I'm only 5'6. It was also very swayed in the middle. Be sure and take your own hair dryers because theirs hardly work at all. And unlike most European countries that have at least one English speaking channel on TV, they had zero. I felt like I was being interrogated upon checking out as it seemed like she just could not believe that no, I did not want any of the limited items you had in the mini bar and no, I did not eat your breakfast that you said was free when we registered and then later said there was a charge for. The main reason we did not pay to stay and eat their breakfast was because there wasn't much to it and it was in the basement which was quite possibly at least 100 degrees. It was unseasonably warm while we were there and the air conditioner did not work in the room either. I would never plan on staying here the next time I visit Paris.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Bladegirl
<Content>Lovely location Thanks to Trip Advisor and those of you who submitted reviews of this lovely hotel. We spent 4 nights at the Saint Christophe 21-25 September 05. Yes, the rooms are fairly small - but aren't they in most European hotels - however, the staff are friendly, the rooms are clean and the location is great. It was nice to be away from the really touristy areas and really enjoy the local Parisian life surrounding the hotel. At the same time we were only a few metres from the closest metro station to take us anywhere around town, and within a 30 minute walk of Notre Dame. Have to say that the little Pastiseries not far from the metro station have treats to die for! Would highly recommend this property and would stay there again next time we're in Paris.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed for 3 nights and found the charming 5 storey hotel very comfortable, clean and well above expectations. Yes the rooms are small, but all rooms are small in Paris, escpecially in this price range. The lift was also very small (just the size for 2 people!) but other than that it was a great hotel for a great price. More importantly was its location: walking distance to the Latin Quarter, Notre Dame, the Pantheon, and the Seine. The #7 Metro stop was just across the street, which made exploring the whole of Paris extremely easy. Breakfast was included for us and made a good start to the day (rolls, cheese, jams, coffee and juice.) There were also plenty of amenities on every corner to fulfill alomst every need: a bakery, a cheese shop, wine bar, a full grocery store 2 blocks up the road, and an ATM across the street. We would absolutely stay here the next time we visit Paris.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mharie
<Content>Lovely hotel. This is a small, but charming hotel in an excellent location. The rooms are small, but spotlessly clean and the reception staff are very helpful. There are very good restaurants just a short walk away on the Rue Mouffetard, and the two nearby metro stations make it an excellent base.Lack of air conditioning could be a problem in summer months, though there is a fan in the room.Having paid more for worse accommodation, I shall certainly return to this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wildone
<Content>RECOMMENDED Good location (metro close,shops,markets.lots of resturaunts nearby,safe,clean comfortable,reasonable value,nice breakfast.Good Staff.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>honeysusie
<Content>St Christophe is fine. We stayed at the St Christophe recently for a short Paris trip. I checked out the hotel with tripadviser first and the reviews were right.The hotel is in a good position with a metro stop just round the corner. It is situated in the Latin Quarter with lively squares and streets a short walk away.The room itself was a little small but perfectly adequate for our needs. The bathroom was spotless as was the rest of the hotel. Linen was changed regularly even though we were only there for four days. Breakfast was continental and perfectly adequate. It was quiet at night and although a little hot (There was a bit of a heatwave) the hotel provided a fan in the room.The staff were friendly and helped us with booking trips etc.I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>timecop
<Content>Average accommodations My husband and I stayed at this hotel in June for 5 nights and I was disappointed. Very, very small room, but I guess that was to be expected. You open the door and you can touch the bed, but it was clean, as was the bathroom, with adequate closet space. The only electrical outlet was in the bathroom, and I did not like the fact that there was no peephole or a chain on the door. Tiny TV, no air, but a reasonable size fan and you could open the windows, which of course let in all the street noises. I guess because of the size of the room and the fact that my bags were kind of blocking the bed, it was not made up for 2 days. Once I squashed my bags on top of each other, the bed was made. The breakfast was sparse in choices, and after the first day we left it alone. Close to metro, other attractions and dozens of restaurants 2 blocks away, try the Tire-Bouchon restaurant, 47 rue Descartes, fabulous food.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and friendly My wife and I stayed at the Christophe for 8 nights in july 2005 and it met our expectations (in accord with the Tripadvisor assessments).We booked through Hotels.com and this was efficient and worked well. The rooms are small but were clean, comfortable and have en suite, TV and bar fridge. We had a room facing the street at the back, this was fairly quiet, light and had french windows over looking the street. The inside rooms facing the centre well of the building are less attractive because of the view. The front desk reception ( 24 hours) are as comfortable with english and french language and they were always helpful. The only meal served in the hotel is a continental breakfast ( also includes cereals)and the cleanliness and quality of food was good. The Metro station at Place Monge is only 300 metres away and there is a wonderful array of restuarants, bars and shops 500 metres up the street ( Rue Lacepede) where you can sit by the fountain square and watch the world go by. Its 15 mins walk to Notre Dame ( but the Metro is great) and is close to the Jardin of Plantes.The only improvement we can suggest is that the hotel provide tea/coffee making facilities.We would return to the Saint Christophe.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Woody01
<Content>Lovely little hotel, lots of character This is a charming little hotel in a lovely area of Paris. Nice, spotlessly clean room with comfy bed and lots of storage space. We really enjoyed our stay there. If you like a quiet room I'd suggest a room to the back as the street outside is very noisy at all hours, especially if you have to open windows due to lack of air con. Really liked hotel and would go back!  
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helpful staff and more Firstly thanks to all of you who take the time to write reviews, I spent a lot of time on the site to pick a hotel within budget but suitable for my fussy younger sister and was very pleased with this recommendation.The biggest highlight for us which probably can not be guaranteed was that our room was ready for us when we arrived at 09:30 after an early early trip on the Eurostar from London.Our room looked into a centre courtyard shared by the other buildings so absolutely no view but very quiet. The room was nothing to shout about but it was nice enough. The bathroom was small but I'd say in its defence it was a really nice bathroom by inexpensive hotel standards well laid out, totally modern, great shower pressure, clean and a nice sized shower.The staff were excellent in helping us located a place to eat - when we got back just before midnight, arranging our trip to Versailles and offered to arrange transport to the airport etc.This hotel is close to the metro and it was super easy to get around Paris. All in all a good experience.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looking for a clean, comfortable hotel in great location? My husband and I recently enjoyed four wonderful days in Paris. The Hotel Saint Christophe is situated in the vibrant Latin Quarter/Jardin de Plantes arrondissements. The hotel was everything I wished for my first trip to Paris. Very clean, comfortable rooms and friendly staff, not to mention the excellent location. The rooms are not large though we did not spend any time in the room, except to sleep. The bathroom was lovely and room 52 had two balconies that afforded two views up the street (would recommend this room). Restaurants, cafes, bars, boulangeries and supermarkets, were all in close proximity (within five minutes walk) to the hotel. The Place de la Contrascarpe (at the end of our street) was a delightful area to retreat to after a day's shopping and sight seeing. The Rue Mouffetard markets (next to Contrascarpe) were splendid. We did not feel like tourists at all. There was certainly a local village ambience to the area. I do wish to recommend (on reading prior reviews on this site) that you prepare yourself with a little knowledge of the French language or in the very least a phrase book from which you can translate. The French are very proud of their language. It is quite a beautiful language and all part of a travellers experience in visiting Paris/France. We were always given a friendly smile (albiet a giggle) and helpful assistance when my husband (referencing his schoolboy French and me- my text book French) conversed with the locals. From my recollection, Singapore Airlines actually offers you a online language course during your flight, with a selection of about six or eight different languages including French. And most of the good guide books (Eyewitness guides are fabulous) have language glossaries attached.I would definitely recommend this hotel and the district for anyone wishing to avoid the heavy tourist areas and who wish to experience a little of the French culture. Au revoirps might I also suggest for summer visitors to Paris - the open top tour bus which stops at all the tops sights in Paris.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a curate's egg I stayed for four nights in early June. It is a curate's egg in that the staff are great and the location is excellent, but it can be noisy at night and there is no air con. I was in Room 44 some way above street level but I was woken by noisy youths in the early hours on one night and the noise can be troubling. The bath was not huge and, as one reviewer noted, the breakfast was uninspiring. The good part of the curate's egg was that the staff were very helpful indeed, tolerated by hopeless French and were very happy to give me directions to wherever. For example, they found the lovely winestore, Lavinia, from Yellow Pages and located the Madeleine metro as the station nearest to it. Incidentally, try to fit in Lavinia. The staff are all trained sommeliers and the range of wines is over 6000. The location of the hotel is also a big plus. It is just round the corner from the Monge metro and in between there is this a splendid chocolate shop with a quite wonderful lady who will make up your little gifts of chocolate goodies. Just up the slight incline from the metro is the Rue Mouffetard that is heaving with excellent and good value restaurants. The one on the corner, in red, was top notch - proper French food at good prices, like 拢16 euro for a three course set meal and wine at fair prices. Round the other side of the hotel is the Jardin des Plantes where you can chill out among the botanical greenery. Notre Dame is also in easy walking distance and if you're reasonably fit you can get over to the Bastille on one side or the Luxembourg Gardens on the other. So take your pick - you may find it a bit noisy and a bit hot in steamy weather, but the location is very desirable and the staff are keen to help.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kaapeha
<Content>Did not meet expectations Stayed 4 nights in May 2005 based primarily on the gushing positive reviews posted but it led to expectations that were lacking. The rooms were very small. The lighting inadequate - women will find it difficult to apply makeup. The lift is tiny and can really accomodate only two adults or one person and a large suitcase. The hotel is not air conditioned (something I was not aware of) and is like a sauna on a moderately warm day (can't imagine what it would be like on a really hot day) even with the window open. The latter requirement, in turn, permits loud street noises to pervade the room which does not abate till the early morning, making sleep difficult. The breakfast is OK but spartan in choices and after the 2nd day, viewed simply as sustenance - nothing to look forward to. On a positive note, a two minute walk up a slight incline brings you to a large selection of moderately priced resturants of wide variety. The Metro is only a two minute walk away, Pantheon 10 minutes and Notre Dame about 20-30 minutes walk. Banks with ATM machines within the immediate area.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Maybe best kept a secret Have recently returned from 7 nights at the Saint Christophe, which we found excellent value, comfortable (if a tad cozy), and wonderfully situated. This small hostelry is very well maintained and helpfully staffed. Our rooms, though small, were efficiently designed and lacked no desired amenity. (We had duly noted the advice of previous reviewers to bring our own wash cloths.) Thanks to well-insulated windows on the street side, and bathroom windows that opened on a quiet interior airspace, the only noise was the occasional muffled rumble of a subway train below ground. That subway, line 7, has a stop at Place Monge, just a block away from the hotel; and it provides a direct shot to the Louvre, no less!  Probably no street in central Paris is totally devoid of tourists, but the Saint Christophe is surely located in one of the less touristy neighborhoods - as attested by the splendidly native market held three days a week at Place Monge. Yet well-known destinations on the Left Bank are nearby. Stroll a couple hundred yards from the hotel in one direction and you're at the botanical gardens. Stroll a couple hundred yards in the other direction and you're at the Place de la Contrescarpe and the top end of the Rue Mouffetard. Proceed thence another 300 yards or so, and you're at the Pantheon and the collegial environs of the Sorbonne. For those with slightly greater ambulatory powers, Notre Dame, Sainte Chapelle, and the charming Ile St. Louis are all within walking distance. And as for the rest of inexhaustible Paris, the metro or bus can get you there.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>coleman
<Content>Great Quaint Hotel Stayed at this hotel the first week of April. We really enjoyed the location(right by the metro) and as someone mentioned before had a great little market 3 days a week. The hotel breakfast was good to start you day off and was relaxing after a long day of sight seeing. The hotel staff was excellent and even had a plug adapter to borrow with a deposit. They were able to answer most questions. Also bring a wash cloth because they only have large towels and hand towels. The mini fridge came in quite handy with a neighborhood store right at the corner to buy waters and cokes. Overall we had a pleasant experience. Would highly recommend!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tjay2
<Content>same as usual!!!!! Stayed here over the easter weekend is is actually right on the corner by the previous hotel i stayed in the timhotel latin quarter now named best western! So i knew the area well and i must say i believe this is the best area to stay in Paris you get a local market and plenty of local cafes, winebars etc which are very reasonable as many frequented by locals. In the latin quarter you really do get a true parisian experience i wouldnt stay anywhere else. As for the hotel in all honesty it is pretty standard as far as Paris hotels go, this hotel does win out against others though due to the fact you get a small fridge in your room and the service is absolutely impeccable!!!!The timhotel on the corner does however have a slightly larger bedroom and definately a larger bathroom but how long do you stay in your room in Paris, I would definately return to this hotel it will probably be my first choice in paris now pushing the timhotel to 2nd choice. If your going to Paris for the 1st time you may think perhaps the rooms in this hotel are below standard but i can assure after being many times this is definately a good standard of the hotel and has an excellent breakfast included in its room price but even if you miss it theres plenty of stuff to get at the market in place monge which is right by the metro. your also in walking distance to the notre dame and the seine which has loads of bars restaurants etc on the left bank!! Go to this hotel enjoy the service and have a great time in the city of light!!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>deb_christian_2004
<Content>Lovely week in Paris We just returned from a wonderful 6 nights in Paris. The Saint Christophe is in a great location with wonderful little shops all around--a bakery and chocalate shop across the street and a wine bar almost right outside the door. The square around the corner had a market 3 days a week were we found marvelous cheeses and fruit which we stocked in our little frig in our room. Great little places to eat and shop were only minutes away. The hotel itself was small and quiet. My husband is a big man, and they went out of their way to see we got a bed in which he was comfortable. The bathrooms are all new, if a little small. There was always plenty of hot water and as many towels as you ask for. We did bring face clothes with us, as it is our experience in traveling, that they are not readily available. We started our day with breakfast at the hotel. Off season and staying 6 nights, it was included in our room cost. I now very much miss the wonderful coffee and fresh baked goods! The staff at the hotel are wonderful and we can't thank Liz and Adelaide enough for making our stay so very pleasant. Try the hotel, you will not be sorry!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Madtown79
<Content>Quiet, affordable, great staff We stayed here in early September, 2004, and found it perfect for our needs. The hotel is conveniently located and very close to two metro stops; the staff was friendly but unobtrusive; the bed was comfortable; the bathroom nice; and, best of all, the room was incredibly quiet! We never heard noise from other guests, nor street traffic at night. The staff does lock the hotel at night, but there is always someone working at the desk - we returned late several evenings and it was no problem at all. They even stored our luggage for us when we arrived early, and loaned us an iron before a couple of nice dinners out. And they sent us a 'Happy New Year' e-mail! I would definitely stay at the Saint Christophe again - it's a great find.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vegas123
<Content>We will definitely return to this great value hotel We recently stayed for 2 nights and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. As previously mentioned, our room was quite small, but spotlessly clean and the shower was very powerful. Our room had no coffee or tea making facilities so it is advisable to buy some water or soft drinks. We did not book breakfast, but there are plenty of brasseries and coffee shops nearby. The staff are very friendly and nothing is too much trouble for them. The hotel is situated near The Sorbonne, The Pantheon and the Jardin des Plantes with good access to the Metro Place Monge The best thing about the hotel for us is the fact that it is slightly off the beaten track but accessible to the main sights. It is also a few minutes walk to the Mouffetard which has plenty of reasonably priced restaurants and bars with only a short distance to find somewhere to eat, drink, and relax in the evening. We will definitely return and recommend this hotel to our friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>berk54
<Content>What a great find We just returned from a 5 day stay in Paris at the Saint Christophe. While the room we had (#11) on the first floor was small, it was perfect. The bathroom was very modern, we had a tub and a great shower (wonderful water pressure/temperature - no wash cloth, but the towels were fine). The location was supberb, the Place Monge Metro just a few steps from the front door, nothing was more than a 20 minute metro ride, the Eiffel Tower being the longest trip. A wonderful market was also right at the Metro Stop, making it a wonderful place to browse in the morning.I would most definitely recommend a stay here, the price and location were wonderful and the staff could not have been nicer. Breakfast was basic, croissants, rolls, butter, cheese, yogurt and corn flakes, but served with a smile. The coffee was EXCELLENT!!Go and enjoy.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RueDussoubs
<Content>Couldn't have been happier My fiancee and I spent three nights at the Hotel Saint Christophe over the New Year. For the price (120 Euros/night), we couldn't have been happier. As advertised, and as reviewed by most of the reviewers at this site, the Hotel Saint Christophe is clean, comfortable and professionally run. We slept soundly in our double bed (which, like our room, was not huge, but not miniscule either), and appreciated the cleanliness and modernity of our bathroom (yes, the towels could stand to be a little flufflier). The hotel serves a simple, but entirely adequate, French breakfast of croissants  baguette, jams, yogurt, cheese, and coffee/tea/chocolat. The staff was friendly and helpful with directions, calling taxis, etc. Contrary to one reviewer's assertion, HSC is not out-of-the-way. It is situated two city blocks from the Rue Moufftard, in the heart of the student quarter, and there is a subway stop a block away (the 7 line) which stops at the Louvre, among other tourist-centric locations. Within a 5-10 minute walk, the neighborhood sports a full complement of typically Parisian bars, restaurants, shops, and an open air market on Saturdays on the Place Monge. For anyone seeking pleasant, clean, simple accommodations on a budget in Paris, I recommend Hotel Saint Christophe wholeheartedly.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate but disappointing My friend and I selected this hotel based primarily on the reviews from this website. We're now left wondering what everyone is raving about. If cost is your only consideration you can get an excellent winter rate, (breakfast included), through the hotel's website. We did. If you're looking for more than the bare minimum in hotel service you should choose other accomodations. We arrived for a five night stay on December 13. As we both smoke we were alarmed to find that we had been assigned a non smoking room. Word of warning to non smokers, the hotel immediately gave us permission to smoke in our non smoking room. They couldn't provide us with an ashtray so we bought one ourselves. We were in room #45 which, for all we know, may be the worst room in the hotel. Or the best. It was small. We spent five nights tripping over our luggage and each other. Our two twin beds were the smallest I have ever seen and I've traveled extensively throughout Europe. The carpet and bedspreads have seen better days. The lighting in the bathroom was poor. The towels were like sandpaper, only not as thick and less absorbant. Considering the price, 99 Euros per night, I suppose we got what we paid for. Of course my Pounds went a lot further than my American friend's Dollars. The best thing about the hotel is the staff. They were all very friendly, efficient and helpful. We certainly put them to the test by coming back to the room several times after midnight to find the front door locked. They were always very nice about letting us in. They were extremely helpful in arranging our cab to the airport very early in the morning. The hotel is in a very quite area of the city. It's not really close to anything but the metro is right around the corner. If you're looking for a cheap hotel this is it. If you're looking for a bargain rate in a nice hotel, keep looking.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay, cant fault it. Stayed here for three nights. Very impressed. Close to Metro. Friendly staff, clean rooms. We had a double with a bathroom. No problems at all. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elastopathy
<Content>Can't do better Great location.Modern, tasteful, clean, quiet room. Small but not miniscule. Room had a nice view and balcony.Helpful, polite staff.Free wireless internet.Cheap.I would stay here again, regardless of the price.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MiguelMx
<Content>The best deal Nice price, nice people, very short walk from metro.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A perfect hotel at a nice location On our first trip to Paris we searched for a hotel that we could use as a base for our explorations. We found it by looking at Tripadvisor and booked seven nights online at the hotels own homepage. Everything went smooth with the hotel, the staff speaks english and the rooms are nice with a french balcony and very clean. The hotel is located 100 meters from the Place Monge Metrostation and there is a busline that stops at Rue Monge and takes you north or south. (We tried to go by bus as much as possible since you see more of Paris then. We bought Paris Visite tickets that are valid for buses, Metro and RER.) 200 meters east from the hotel is the Jardin du Plants, a nice park with many beautiful flowers and trees. 200 meters west from the hotel lies a small square with a fountain, bars, caf茅s and restaurants. 200 meters north of the hotel there is a supermarket. When you stay at Hotel Saint Christophe, you are in good hands of the staff and have everything you need in the area. It is easy to move to all sites by using the bus or the Metro. We also took some nice strolls to various locations, like Notre-Dame, Saint Germain, etc. (We stayed at the hotel from August the 6th to August the 13th 2004.)  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Find First impressions are so important and the hotel staff didn't let the side down. They were most friendly and helpful.The lobby instantly impressed and sets the tone for the rest of the hotel.The bathrooms are especially worthy of a mention.Ours was clean, modern, tidy and well equipped. The shower was excellent- perfect for washing away those morning cobwebs!Beds were a little on the small side but comfortable nonetheless. Decor was better than in some hotels I have seen. The carpets look a little old, although this is a minor quibble.The mini-fridge provided is an indispensible addition to the room. There is nothing more disgusting than warm mineral water!Breakfast does the job but is nothing spectacular.The hotel is conveniently close to the Place Monge metro station, although be warned, the Number 7 line was spectacularly unreliable during our stay, sometimes closing down a good three hours before the supposed half-past-midnight shutdown time.Overall i would strongly recommend this hotel. It's close to all the attractions and is well above average standards.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, lovely room. Stayed at this quaint hotel for just one night in May 2004. The location is good - not far from the metro station - and close to a sweet little restaurant district which is just up the hill. The room was very clean and very quiet. Overall, this is a friendly hotel with great staff - if you arrive late, be ready to wake someone up - but they are still friendly as ever!  
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel   showReview(1666357, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ideal!   showReview(1611857, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ggCostaRica
<Content>Saint Christophe great place   showReview(1548412, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>villiers
<Content>Hotel Saint Christophe-a great find!!   showReview(1506661, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2003
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kimharp
<Content>Great for the price!   showReview(1500123, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darrylcm
<Content>Great hotel!!!!   showReview(1422675, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>good value!   showReview(1384451, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Staff-Great Bathtubs   showReview(860788, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place to stay   showReview(836057, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>place monge   showReview(704950, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RexF
<Content>Una meraviglia   showReview(16721369, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(17436217, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute lage   showReview(17436218, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(16588274, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Saint-Christophe 脿 recommander   showReview(15573336, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellente situation   showReview(13195951, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(11454057, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11454056, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Duegatti
<Content>Piccolo ma molto confortevole   showReview(7319063, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>manca l'aria condizionata   showReview(11353625, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

