<Author>tracyal
<Content>Very nice hotel with a great location for exploring Paris! The staff at the Louvre Saint Anne was absolutely wonderful, especially Mon (sp?). She went out of her way to make sure we were taken care of and gave several wonderful suggestions for sightseeing and dinner. She was an amazing host and we felt like we were staying with a friend. Overall the hotel was very nice and the rooms were clean and spacious - by Paris standards. I came in expecting a much smaller room so my standards were low based on a previous stay in Paris and stays in other european cities. The hotel is conveniently located near a metro station and supermarket-type store that had groceries, hygiene items and clothes. This is perfect in case you forget something or just want to buy some water or snacks without breaking the bank. The staff suggested several wonderful places to eat that were within walking distance to the hotel. Overall, the location is wonderful for walking to several sites (Louvre, Opera, etc.) and virtually anything can be reached by the train or metro. The breakfast was excellent and the room was very nicely decorated. Also, free WiFi in the room was a definite bonus.Overall, a great hotel for exploring Paris with an amazing staff to help you feel at home!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>cracker115
<Content>Incredible hotel ! My wife and I travel alot , we have stayed in many hotels and resorts. And I have to say that this little hotel was without a doubt one of the nicest hotels we have ever stayed at. When you stay here you are right in the middle of everything. The Louvre and the Orsay musuem are both a short walk away, additionally you are in the opera area. Eelegant shopping is right near-by, as is a French supermarket. The rooms themselves are small but very very charming. The beds were extremely comfortable, and we enjoyed the LCD television and the free wi-fi. The breakfast area was very very nice and the food there was delicious and will definitely get you ready for a long day of sight-seeing. But all of this was not the true charm of the hotel. The real charm is found in the hotel staff. They were nothing short of outstanding. The day staff speak very very good english and were EXTREMELY helpful with both recommendations and directions. With their help...my wife and I were actually able to find the French Bistro that we dined at when we were visiting Paris right after we were married...and for that I will always always be grateful. This hotel is nothing short of a delight and we will defintely be back !  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Corkog
<Content>Great Location Great location with the Lourve and the opera house around the corner. The location was great for walking around and seeing the other landmarks too. Didnt find the staff overly friendly but it didnt deter from our stay. We didnt get breakfast as they were plenty of places to grab breakfast or a bite to eat. The room was small but clean but with so much to see you dont spend all that long in your room anyway. We had a room on the first floor but didnt find it too noisy expect for the gurgling of the water above us all night.Paris itself was lovely with loads of beautiful old buildings and plenty to see and do. Found dinner and drinks a bit overpriced though. Also i booked the hotel through their website and got a discount for booking online.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kiraywm
<Content>Boutique hotel in a Jap street       bathroom  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>DonRevie
<Content>Perfect Price to Quality Ratio I loved my stay at this superbly located Hotel.If going to Paris it is important to understand that in the central historic areas you just don't find big high rise international hotels. The vast majority are small street front boutique style 3 or 4 star hotels. Rooms are 'compact' but adequate in this hotel just as in all others. If you do manage to find a big suite style room you'll pay a small fortune for it.At 165 Euros per night for a 'superior double' with balcony on an upper floor this hotel represents excellent value for money in Paris. You can easily pay a lot more - sometimes for less in terms of quality.The only reason I don't give this five stars is because the decor in this popular gem is becoming slightly tired. Don't get me wrong - the room decor adequate and the standard of cleanliness is excellent but it's time for a bit of light re-decorating. A spot of paint here and there, some fresh wallpaper and revamped flooring and this place just couldn't be beaten at the price.My comments above on decor don't apply to bathrooms which are in pristine condition.Staff - all of them were wonderful. I endorse all previous comments made about their helpfulness and attention to detail.Location is simply superb for sightseeing on foot. 10 mins walking time to The Louvre and 10 - 20 mins for many other famous landmarks. For the really adventurous walker - The Eiffel Tower is about 45 mins away with a return walk via Arc de Triomphe and Champs Elysees taking another 1 hour.If you get hung up on small details having to add up to perfection then hotels in central Paris aren't going to be for you. If however you can be happy with charming plus very good standards rather than perfect then this hotel is for you.I will definitely go back if visiting Paris in the future.By the way - Paris is fabulous!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MajorKusanagi
<Content>Not bad I booked 1 night at the Louvre Saint Anne 1 month prior to my date of arrival. I picked this hotel due to its close proximity to another hotel my parents had chosen to stay in. The rate for the Single Shower Room was an Internet Special Offer. Upon my early arrival at the hotel, my room was not ready yet. However, the wait before I was checked in was relatively short.My room ended up being on the ground floor, facing the street. Being next to the check-in area, noise was heard from my room whenever the automatic entrance doors opened and closed, when luggage was being moving around, and when people spoke loudly on the street outside and in the hotel lobby.The room itself was looking a bit dated and worn, with one ceiling light blown, the other on it's way out and flickering, patchwork repairs done on the quilt, and general spots and stains around the room. The bed was the smallest single bed I have experienced in a Parisian hotel to date. This was also the only hotel I stayed at in Paris where I had to open my suitcase on the bed due to space constraints. Everything else however, was in good working order.The staff were knowledgeable, spoke fluent English, and offered to make reservations on my behalf should I require. They also recommended some French restaurants in the neighborhood and provided directions to each (not an easy feat as this hotel was located in the Japanese quarter). The only concern with checking out was that I was instructed to vacate my room 1 hour earlier than previously agreed.This hotel is reasonably priced for those on a budget. The staff cater to tourists well. However, if you do choose to stay here, make sure to request a room on a higher floor, unless you don't mind some noise. In terms of room quality, for a few Euros more, there are better alternatives elsewhere. However, for location and convenience, this hotel will not disappoint.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MacRobertson
<Content>Good for Paris Standards At first sight it doesn't look nice nor attractive but it turned to be an excellent choice for Paris hotel standards. I was a bit scared we were on the first floor, our room facing the noisy and busy street below, but the isolation is perfect and you can hear nothing. Beds are quite comfortable, bathroom is spotless. One block away from the subway (Pyramides). In front of the hotel there is an excellent japanesse restaurant which seems to be a major hit with the locals. Long lines for entering, so you should try it at night. Hotel vicinity is not the best but it's ok. Full of oriental eating places.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	2	3	-1	

<Author>NekoCat
<Content>Boutique Hotel in Great Location       Exterior of Hotel  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Norbiius
<Content>Habemus locum per dormire After many stays in Paris I have already used some good *** - hotels, but the hotel Louvre Sainte Anne is real on the top of this category. The rooms are very clean and practically furnished. The environment is quite calm and the public binding (Metro 14, bus 21) is very good. Also the situation between Louvre and opera can be able to be seen. We were satisfy come back next year surley.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Cruptown
<Content>Perfect Choice My friend and I stayed at Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne in Paris from 9/7/08-9/11/08. It was an exceptional stay and met all of our expectations.We booked online at the hotel's website and paid E145 per night.It was our first trip to Paris and this hotel was a perfect choice.The hotel is centrally located in 1ER - one block off Ave. de l'Opera on a quiet street. It is a 5-10 minute walk to the Metro (either the Pyramides or Palais Royal stations). It is a 10-15 minute walk to The Louvre, Tuileries, and Seine. There are many nearby restaurant options (most near Louvre or Opera), a post office, internet cafe, and Monoprix store (Parisian version of a Super Target - including food and wine).After our long flights and the train/metro trip into Central Paris, we were warmly welcomed at Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne. Our reservation was in order and while our room was not ready (we arrived at the hotel about 11AM and didn't expect the room to be ready), we were able to freshen up in an empty guest room off the lobby and leave our luggage before setting out to explore the city. The reception staff was extremely helpful, notably Muan and Edyta. We were given advice on the Metro, attractions, coupons, and general information about the city. The staff spoke English well yet also helped us to learn more French!After our return, we checked into Room 304. The elevator is small, but can easily fit two - although it's tight with luggage! The room met our expectations and matched the description on the website. Our room matched Photo #3 - Twin. The room is tight, but we expected that. The room was clean and had a charming French window overlooking the street. The room included a TV, phone, and safe (which we didn't use). The bathroom was bigger than expected and nicely tiled. The shower/tub was fine, although did not include a shower curtain and made for a challenge to keep the floor dry. There was a glass divider between the shower and sink which generally worked fine to keep the water in. The room did smell of cigarette smoke, but again we accepted this and it quickly became an afterthought. The beds were quite comfortable and the room was quiet (from both the hallway and street). The room was cleaned daily. My only two suggestions for improvement might be lighting in the hallways and key access at the main entrance. The hallways were very dark (although it really didn't matter that much since our door was right next to the elevator). If we were out later, the front door is locked and you must use a buzzer to get the attention of the desk staff. On more than one occasion we had to wait a few minutes before staff returned to let us in, but the street is full of life and very safe. We took advantage of the breakfast buffet on our last morning. It was E12 per person. The breakfast room is lovely with cheery tables and rustic stone walls - exactly as shown on the website. The buffet includes eggs cooked-to-order, pastries, fruit, yogurt, meats, potatoes, cheese, cereal, and various beverages. The service was great and my friend raved about the coffee. While we found it more convenient to just eat on the run most mornings, the buffet is definitely worth considering if you want a larger breakfast. Overall our stay at Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne was wonderful. I'd highly recommend the hotel to friends and stay there again when I return to Paris. Between the superb location, friendly staff, and quality accommodations, it's an excellent choice for first-time visitors or Paris pros.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>GandHAustralia
<Content>Great Location This lovely small boutique hotel is in an excellent location only 200 metres to the nearest metro station and a short walk to the Louvre and the Opera House. The rooms are small but adequate. The breakfasts were good with plenty to eat. The staff were very friendly and competent and very helpful with advise on touring around Paris.The Tourist Information centre is just near the metro station and this was our first stop to get metro tickets, maps, museum passes etc. We found plenty of restauants, cafes, pubs within easy walking distance in all directions with great variety. We really do not have a negative to say about this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UsualSuspect01
<Content>Good value, comfortable and clean, very nice staff, good location. Excellent rating not because hotel was fancy, but because staff was very nice and helpful, the hotel felt clean and safe, and it is a great location for visiting all of central Paris. We could walk to Louvre in 5 min, Opera 5 min, D' Orssay in 15 min, Saint Germain 20 minutes, Everything was a 10 Euro or less Cab fare.Thank you, too Moon (SP?) at the front desk who made our stay extra special. Thanks also to the front desk gentleman at night, who helped us arrange an extra nights stay when we were mistreated at another hotel. My girfreind and I have visited Paris several times and stayed in a number of hotels. This hotel is a good basic choice if you you just want a clean, safe place from which to visit the sites. If you want a fancy lobby and lounge it's a 5-10 minute walk to the Ritz or the Westin.Be careful not to confuse this hotel with two others with a similair name.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TomasTraveller
<Content>Better than Above average Good, friendly staff. Small, but nice rooms. Clean. Very good location. We will be back.I could not rate it as excellent, but it is very very close to it.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>west32
<Content>Loved it!! Great hotel, great staff, great location, clean, safe, in a quiet street. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveling_Steffi
<Content>Can't beat the location Decided to 'splurge' while in Paris and stay at a hotel rather than a hostel. The hotel was better than I expected, and in a great location. Staff was friendly, and helpful - gave me great advice regarding local shopping and museums. The Louvre was just a five minute walk away.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>DaniH73
<Content>Perfect Hotel for the Female Traveler       My room. Small but VERY clean!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bitian
<Content>One Of The Best Hotels       View from the room  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>EpiSeattle
<Content>Perfect hotel for our Paris adventures Easy to manage location, fantastic front desk staff, comfortable rooms. OK, they are not large rooms, but this is Paris! The air conditioning worked great on the hotest of days and the bed was comfortable. We loved how easy it was to get to the Metro or bus, a cafe, the Louvre, worthy restaurants for dinner, and more. When needed we had friendly and efficient help/directions from the front desk staff. We were very happy with our stay at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>poppynz
<Content>location good Excellent location. Walking distance to Louvre, bus tours departure point, restaurants and shops. Our only disappointment was we were in room number one. It was on the ground floor next to reception. We could hear people walking past and the phone ringing in reception. We checked in at 5.30pm and our room wasn't ready we were told to come back in an hour. No offer of shower or anything. We enquired about ordering a taxi for 9am and the reception incorrectly ordered it immediately - we weren't even packed and had to rush. If booking be sure to state that you do not want a ground floor room. All that aside - we were so busy looking at sights that we didn't spend much time in the room. It was small.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	5	3	3	2	2	

<Author>Ashlyn2
<Content>Great Little Hotel We spent the last two nights of our stay in Europe in this hotel and loved it. We had a room on the top floor with a view from the balcony to Sacre Couer which was lovely. We found it to be very centrally located, within walking distance of many attractions. The staff were incredibly helpful, the most helpful of our seven weeks of touring. Recommended a dinner cruise on the Seine which was magic. We didn't have breakfast there but as others have said there is a great little cafe on the corner, very yummy croissants and coffee! Would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone and would definitely stay there again if we come back to Paris.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Colona1988
<Content>Excellent for Wheelchair Traveler Rolling in a wheelchair through Paris? We just returned from celebrating my daughter's college graduation with a 3-night stay in Paris and a grand dinner at Taillevant restaurant. She uses a wheelchair, and, also, I like to save money when possible. First, I used Trip Advisor and other resources to scour central Paris for good hotel deals. I found good prices and an accessible room at Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne, between the Opera and the Palais Royal. I booked online, then followed up with a phone call to clarify my daughter's needs. Trip Advisor comments had already led me to believe that the staff would be helpful, but that's an understatement. Moun, Edyta, and others provided more help than I've ever experienced. From moving a late-staying patron out of the accessible room to another room -- to suggesting excellent restaurants and booking them so that the wheelchair was expected -- they were fabulous. Also, the hotel was clean, and the air conditioning was great. My daughter did say that from her room she could hear outside noise. But she loved the hotel and the trip.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>broadway
<Content>Very friendly Hotel       View from balcony  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cordova_Bay_Folks
<Content>Best hotel if language is a concern Like others say, if you expect an american sized room look elsewhere, but if you want a really great Parisienne experience then they don't get better than this. The hotel is very small - 4 rooms per floor, but each room has a nice new bathroom. Our room was large enough to have two huge suitcases open on tables, and still be able to walk comfortably around the bed. What more do you need? The staff are WONDERFUL and really help if you as they are fluent in English and other languages. Each morning they greet you (in English) with an offer to help you plan your way to wherever you are going and really do try to make your trip as enjoyable as possible. We left our camera in a taxi and they made all the phone calls for us (language barrier) and even paid the taxi driver the fare he charged to return the camera, having faith that we would reimburse them when we returned from siteseeing.The location of the hotel is ideal for walking to the sites and to the Seine River where you can hop on a ferry and go everywhere. I will definitely be recommending it to all my friends. By the way, don't let the outside of the hotel scare you when you get there - it is nothing to look at - doesn't even look like a hotel. It really is one of the best hotels around. PL, Victoria BC Canada  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DocBee
<Content>Excellent location  We stayed for two nights at the end of May 2008. We had a very nice room on the fourth floor with a distant view of the Sacre Coeur. The room, bed and bathroom were clean and comfortable and the hotel was very quiet; no noise at night and volume limiter on the TV. We ate breakfast twice and enjoyed it -- plentiful and fresh with decent coffee. By contacting the hotel directly I got a slightly discounted BB rate.All the staff we encountered were very friendly and helpful. We arrived late on the first night (about 10 pm) and ate quickly in one of the local Japanese restaurants -- the food was very good, and reasonable. We also had a nice meal in a French restaurant up the road at no. 52 (the hotel is no. 32) called La Souris Verte. Good, fresh food from a fairly standard French menu, 25 euros for three courses, excellent service and relaxed atmosphere in an old, beamed dining room.We walked everywhere, but got the metro at Pyramides on the way back to CDG -- one stop to Chatelet then RER B all the way to the airport.In all a very good trip and the hotel was the foundation for a relaxing time. I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again or to recommend it to others.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>AlbertaMartini
<Content>Has Pros and Cons... Booked based on Trip Advisor reviews. We were not has happy as some others that have reviewed. 2 of our group had room on ground floor. They could not open their window as there were men standing right outside smoking. If curtains were not closed people could look right in window. Our room was on 2nd floor and as another reviewer mentioned there was an odor in the bathroom. I found the bedspread was quite grey looking. That turned me off immediately. On a positive note... the staff were very friendly and helpful. They provided us with wine glasses and coffee the first morning. The breakfast area was cute, though we chose to go to the cafe on the corner. Awsome pastries and coffee there. The location was good, close to Louvre, Opera, and lots of restaurants and shopping.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>wanderlust95
<Content>Great Little Paris Hotel       Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewtravellerSydney
<Content>Nice little hotel Hotel Sainte Anne Louvre is in a fantastic, central location in Paris. You can walk to just about any attraction from there. The staff are very friendly, helpful and efficient. The bathroom was nice and the rooms are nice but very small. If you had a lot of luggage or had limited mobility it would be a problem. We had to dance around each other in the room to move about. It was in a pretty quiet spot. They serve a good, fresh buffet breakfast. We had a lovely stay there for 5 nights.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>TheAustralians
<Content>A delightful French experience This small hotel is a charming and very professionally run quiet haven in a fantastic location in Paris. It is roughly a 3 minute walk to the Louvre and the River and is in the Opera Quarter. The staff told us via email that we could leave our suitcases at the hotel after our 6am arrival until check in time that afternoon. When we arrived we were whisked off to breakfast downstairs and then given one of our 2 rooms straight away at no extra charge. It was very much appreciated after 2 long and tiring flights from Australia. We never got to meet the famous Moun, but the staff we did meet were absolutely fantastic 鈥?Edyta, Bernie and Enoch. They encouraged our terrible attempts at French, wrote down little phrases for us to say, and looked after the four of us like we were family. The rooms were great, we had the ones right on the top floor with little balconies, and they had every single thing you could need. I loved this place, we felt safe and secure and very welcome on our first trip to Paris. We ate in the little breakfast room every morning and the food was divine. We didn鈥檛 want a glitzy tourist hotel, so if you like the Ritz, go stay there. We will definitely go back again one day!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>weegiegal
<Content>Tres bien! The location is the main reason for recommending and writing this review, my husband and I visited Paris with friends (another couple) one night, the guys went for a drink and we went to get ready for dinner, neither of us felt intimidated walking back to the hotel through the narrow streeets off Avenue Opera. The Metro stations are handy but walking lets you see more and you are only minutes from the Louvre and the Seine.As mentioned the rooms are small but we found them sufficient, generally you are not in Paris to sit in a hotel room. They are clean and had everything we needed including a safe for any valuables. It is worth eating breakfast in the hotel we tried finding a cafe outside and the quality and price weren't really worth the effort. The hotel staff were friendly and very helpful. The receptionist even apologised for the awful weather but being Scottish we are used to that! We all thoroughly enjoyed our visit to this hotel and would highly recommend it to everyone. In fact another friend has booked already!The hotel only has about 20 rooms so book it if you want a centrally located room at a reasonable price. Bon voyage!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>canuckpump
<Content>Staff make this hotel the Best in Paris!! Maun.....you are amazing !!! As well as the rest of the staff at this wonderful property. Perfect location by the opera, close to everything including bikes, taxis, shuttle bus to CDG, louvre, opera and the beautiful Seine river.Great breakfast, loved the eggs. Clean room. Tiny , but thats Paris, if you want a large room...stay home!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>faynoe
<Content>Loved our stay here I can鈥檛 say enough good things about this 鈥済em鈥?of a hotel. We stayed here for eight nights in March 2008 and the hotel was exactly as advertised/described. The location is in a quiet neighborhood, centrally located for exploring all the major attractions. The rooms are small (by American standards), but charming and impeccably maintained. The bathrooms are modern with great water pressure and heated towel racks (a bonus!). The beds/pillows were very comfortable and the rooms are spotless. The front desk staff (especially Moun and Edyta) are warm and friendly and extremely helpful with directions and restaurant recommendations. We did not eat breakfast here as there is a nice little boulangerie at the end of the block and we became morning regulars there.This was my first trip to Paris and after much research we chose this hotel largely based on the comments from others on TA. Thanks to all -it did not disappoint. I would not hesitate to stay here again and recommend it highly!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Porscheboy
<Content>super location---super staff Visited Paris 26th-28th February 2008 and after much research we decided to stay at the Louvre Sainte Anne. It turned out to be a very good choice beacause not only is the hotel superbly located--close to Opera and the Louve-- the staff, especially Moun and Edyta who run the reception, were very helpful both with hotel issues and recommendations and advice concerning restaurants and travel questions. The hotel is par for the course when it comes to room sizes for Paris--small but perfectly clean and to a good standard of finish. The bathroom had complimentary toiletries and a daily change of towels. Nice touch in the room--a LCD flatscreen TV--only one problem--No English channels except for the dreaded CNN!!! All in all a super place to stay and enjoy the many delights of Paris. Two restaurant recommendations--Le Mesturet, 77 Rue de Richelieu close to the hotel and a super bistrot close to the Eiffel Tower--the Le Petit Troquet at 28,Rue de l'Exposition.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Smiler141
<Content>Highly recommendable! Following a thorough search of reviews we decided to go to the Louvre St Anne, 1st arr, for a 3-night stay - and what a great choice! The location is amazing; ideal for a whistle-stop tour of the city. The room was extremely clean, and was serviced everyday to a high standard (and my standards are high!). Whilst bijou (well, is it Paris), it fitted our needs. The staff were very friendly - and humoured my rather rusty french! What a delight! Can't wait to go again.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travel_expenses
<Content>Great little hotel The hotel is in a quiet side street in an area with several Japanese restaurants. The location is excellent if you want to visit the Louvre, Opera or Place de Concorde.The rooms are very small but have every thing you need and are very reasonable for a hotel in this location.The staff were extremely freindly. I would not hesitate to stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>malenky
<Content>Perfectly located clean, small hotel with great stuff. This small hotel is perfectly situated on a quiet side street at the halfway point between Opera and Louvre, there are a few Japanese restaurants within two blocks of the hotel, and the hotel is close to the metro and to the OpenTour bus stop. Also the supermarket is a 2 min walk. We have been walking to the Louvre and to the Opera, and even across the Seine to Latin Quarter.The rooms are small, but with a big window, bit outdated (yet have a small flat screen), have a separate tiled bathroom with a tub and shower and a towel warmer. The bed is OK, and the cleaning stuff is efficient. The hotel provided great advice, and everyone at the front desk spoke English well. We didn鈥檛 have breakfast in the underground stone cellar, but there are plenty of little cafes that will serve you coffee and a croissant for 4-5 EUR. Ask the front desk and they will guide you. We have trusted the front desk with both breakfast and lunch suggestions.The only real downside to the room was that the heating was sufficiently aggressive (either on at full blast or off) that we usually just turned it off at night.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>annaraven
<Content>Very smoker-friendly If you stay in this hotel, make sure the taxi driver actually takes you here and *not* the Hotel du Louvre, (like ours did) which is two blocks away. The hotel is perfectly situated on a quiet side street in a Japanese quarter of Paris (I think there were 10 Japanese restaurants within two blocks of the hotel)- but close to the metro and to the OpenTour bus. Walking distance to the Louvre and to the Opera (and to the local Bridgeur, for Bridge Fans). The hotel provided great advice, and everyone spoke English well. The breakfast in the underground stone cellar was great. breads and croissants and meats and cheeses and omelets or scrambled eggs upon request. We stayed on the ground floor, room 1, which was a little noisier just being so close to the street and to the lobby, but was a great location for my husband to step out to smoke. (The new law in France forbids smoking in hotels!) My husband is a light sleeper, and can't stand much noise, and he slept fine - so it wasn't noisy, just not as quiet as I suspect the higher rooms might have been.The bed was firm and comfortable, and the shower was a real shower (unlike many hotels.) Free wifi made it easy to check our flight reservations. The only real downside was that the heating was sufficiently aggressive that we usually just turned it off at night.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Nomad3
<Content>Shopping Excursion! My sister and I came to Paris for a short shopping excursion and found this hotel via TripAdvisor recommendations. Reviews were spot on as the hotel was a 10 minute walk to the shopping department stores just to the north and a 10 euro taxi ride to luxury stores just to the south across the river. After an exhausting day of shopping, we were able to pop into any of the numerous asian restaurants lining our hotel's street.Rooms were small as expected but very tidy. Staff was very helpful and friendly.We'll definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>100Club
<Content>Wonderful Stay - Yet Again My mother and I have stayed at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne a number of times over the years and it is the friendliness of the staff who cannot do enough to help, the cosy rooms, excellent location, and value for money that keep us coming back.We particularly appreciate being located in the heart of Paris' Japanese district, and within walking distance of the Louvre, Palais Royal, Opera and department stores.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>mary_1234
<Content>Good Value, Friendly Hotel I go to Paris in November every year for Christmas shopping. We stayed in La Pera last year but the prices had almost doubled this year so I went in search of a different hotel for this years trip. I looked on Trip Advisor and found the Louvre St Anne and I booked a triple room at this hotel based on the reviews it had gotten from Tripadvisor guests, its location and price. Overall we were very happy with the hotel. Our room was clean and bright and the bathroom was a good size. We had a small balcony which was nice to sit out on to get some air. The reception was manned 24 hours a day and the receptionists were very friendly and helpful anytime we needed anything. The hotel is close to the Louvre, Opera and the big department stores and there is a metro stop close by which makes the entire city accessible. There were some very nice restaurants in the neighbourhood - Willis Wine Bar and Liza's a Lebanese restaurant were two we ate at. There are also lots of Japanese restaurants along the surrounding streets but we didn't try any of these. Getting to the hotel was relatively straight forward. We got the Roissybus from CDG to Opera and I printed directions from Google Maps from the bus stop to the hotel which was about a 5 minute walk.A few slightly negative points I would make are that the lift is not big, the hallways are narrow and the reception area is small. Our room was also a little small for three people and the third bed was up on a ledge over the double bed. The hotel is however a three star hotel and so overall we felt the amount we had paid versus the other good points mentioned above made the hotel very good value in a city where many of the hotels are dingy and overpriced. Overall we were very happy with our stay and we plan to book this hotel again next year for our annual trip once the price remains reasonable.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jotabecu
<Content>Good location Stayed at the hotel Oct 17 for 3 nights. Excellent service, cleanliness  location. Good value in Paris  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Sammyfloyd
<Content>Great location, small rooms but good value overall Summary: Excellent location, just minutes from Opera, Lourve and the shopping area. Metro stop very nearby and airport access is easy. Slightly dated small rooms but functional and good value for Paris. Above average service. Recommended.Location: Just about a perfect location as you are never too far from anything. Opera is about a 5 minute walk to the east. Metro Pyramides is literally a 2 minute walk. Lourve Museum is less than 10 minutes. If you are after some name-brand shopping, all the major shops are 5-10 minutes away, including Printemps (get the 10% off coupon from the lobby's Printemp's map) and Gallery Lafayette. The chain store, Monoprix, which has a supermarket at the basement, is just next to the Pyramides metro station. It is open until 22:00 M-F and 21:00 on Saturdays. Keep in mind it's closed on Sundays.Rooms: We actually stayed in two rooms in three nights. I couldn't quite understand how they run their business, but we were put into a room with twin beds pushed together the first night (room 15) and told that the next day, we'd be moved to room 11, a true double room, as she needed the twin room for another booking on our second day. She also told us they'd move our luggage for us as long as we can get everything packed. Even though it was definitely inconvenient and points off for service, we didn't raise an issue with her and our luggage was taken care of perfectly. The two rooms are comparable in every aspect. The room is very small and so is the closet. There is a dresser table but it's so small that once I put my computer on it, I couldn't put anything else there. The bathroom is of reasonable size and very clean. The room is very clean as well but somewhat dated with some chipped paint and wallpaper. A small elevator, just enough to take 2 people with luggage, does the job adequately. CNN is available for the English audience on the flat screen TV. Free WiFi internet is available after you get a password from the front desk. The bed is nice and firm although the heat was not turned on for one of the nights.Service: Spotty but overall the attitude is helpful. Our room was still not ready by 4pm (although we did say we were checking in at 5pm originally). The lady who checked us in (the one who does not wear glasses) in the afternoon was ok but was not apologetic for making us switch rooms. She was helpful at other times though. The male for the night shift was friendly but gave us wrong information to get to the airport. The lady in glasses in the morning is the best as she is very friendly and chatty and told us exactly the best way to the airport despite our heavy luggage. See below.Airport Tip: take RER B until you reach Les Halles - Chatelet station. Then transfer to line 14 for just a one stop ride to Pyramides. There are escalators for the transfer, and there is actually an elevator at one of the Pyramides exits at Ave de l'Opera that reaches street level so you never have to climb a step even if you have a lot of luggage. Total cost of the journey is just 8.20 Euro.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>WisetravellerUK
<Content>Family birthday This was a family get together for my brother's 50th birthday, with nine people in five rooms. As expected from the reviews, the rooms were small, but very well appointed, clean tidy and attractive. The bathroom was excellent. My wife could not make the trip due to illness so I was using the room as a 'luxury single' For two it might have been a bit cramped, but even so it was quite well laid out for such a small space. Excellent access to Central Paris sights, the Seine and restaurants.Unlike another reviewer, I did not expect tea making facilities in the room as this is not a French (or European) tradition (where it exists in France it is an 'import' from UK and usually in chain hotels as a sop to 'international' guests)  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>Merkin
<Content>Excellent Value I took my husband here for his fiftieth birthday based on the reviews I had already read. As expected the rooms are small and there were no drawers or tea making facilities. However, the location is excellent, the room clean, the breakfast was good and the staff couldn't be more helpful.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>JJKSydney
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic This was the most fabulous hotel in a great location. The staff were unbelievably friendly and helpful. My daughters and I had the perfect Parisian experience here  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>from_away_friend
<Content>Can't wait to go back We stayed at this hotel Oct 13-20. As it has been said over and over again in previous reviews, you can't beat the location or staff. Moun is the best (and I promised I would mention that she is single...so for all you single guys...). She couldn't do enough for us even calling around for a doctor when hubby had a small medical issue (which thank goodness cleared up quickly). Our room was on the second floor and the only problem we had was that there seem to be a faint odour coming from the bathroom (which we solved by closing the bathroom door). Even with that, this hotel still warrants the excellent rating. Highly recommend this hotel and we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SailCarpeDiem
<Content>Fantastic Trip, Fantastic Hotel and Staff This will be our hotel of choice when we go back to Paris from now on. The location is central to everything. The Louvre is 10 minutes walk, the Metro station is 5 minutes, Notre Dame 20 minutes, etc. Breakfast is excellent and plenty of it, served in a beautiful little room under the hotel. Of course there's the patisserie on the corner if you want the quintessential, perfect French morning experience. Our room was perfect, overlooking Rue St. Anne, quiet and kept clean and neat every day. But what REALLY makes this hotel stand out is the staff. The two day desk clerks, Moun and Edyta, are beyond words. They are friendly, helpful, and acted as concierge for us while we were there. The restaurants recommended by Moun were perfect, great French cuisine at a good price, one restaurant romantic and cozy, the other a wonderful brasserie-type place just minutes from our door. We just could not thank them enough for making us feel at home in Paris and in the hotel. We really hate to tell everyone about this little jewel, for fear it will become overcrowded, but hopefully this recommendation will send someone else on a wonderful trip to Paris, just like ours.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYCtraveler-6
<Content>I recommend the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne I got a recommendation from a friend and I was very happy with the choice. The rooms are a bit small, but it was very clean and the folks working at the front desk were incredibly friendly. Their English was good and I found them helpful. The hotel is located in the middle of what I would probably call Japantown. We wished we had more time to eat at one of those restaurants because we love Japanese food, but wanted to eat true Parisian food. The hotel is conveniently located near the metro and the Louvre. We were able to walk easily to the great shopping areas, which was a high priority on our list. The hotel also provides free wireless, so that was a plus! They also had a safe where we could store our personal belongings. They had one English channel, CNN, which actually was quite nice to have. And the A/C worked well.The only issue that I had was with one front desk employee who almost pointed us in the wrong direction when we were trying to get a cab to take us to the bus depot (to Beauvois Airport). He didn't even know that that airport existed. Thankfully the cab driver knew exactly where we needed to go. Great hotel! I would stay here again, for sure.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kdeely
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel Small hotel in the 1e section of Paris. Booked our stay from 19th through 23rd October 2007 following excellent reviews on Trip Advisor. Excellent location near the Louvre, Opera, cafes, shopping and fine restaurants. Close to public transportation. Walking distance to many major attractions, including the Louvre  Musee D'Orsay. Though rooms are small, they are well-appointed, modern and meticulously clean. Wonderful staff made all the difference in our trip - each went above and beyond our expectations in arranging transportation, suggesting restaurants and advising us on our day-to-day sightseeing requirements. Our stay occurred during the recent Metro  transportation strikes  thanks to the hotel staff, we were not adversely affected. Have traveled extensively in Europe and this by far was our best experience.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>snappie17
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for 4 nights in September. The people who work at this hotel are incredible nice, accomodating and genuine. You don't find hotel employees this nice anymore and it was a joy to be able to talk to them. Our room was small, but we did not spend too much time in the room so it did not make a difference. You can't beat the location. 10 minute walk to the Louvre. There were plenty of restaurants in the area. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>skeeteratredhouse
<Content>friendly service This hotel was a joy even though the rooms were small (like every room in paris). We arrived late to find expedia had made our reservation wrong...The hotel staff bent over backward to make sure we had a place to sleep, and because the room mix up was our 4 mishap of the evening (missed train/blocked ATM card/no taxis) they told us to have breakfast on the house the next morning so we could turn our luck around. The staff was extrememly friendly, spoke wonderful English, and was more than happy to help with sightseeing recommendations, restaurant reservations and pretty much whatever else we needed. The rooms were tiny, but clean and the location was great for metro access.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gavinshearer
<Content>A great hotel, neighborhood, value and people We stayed at Hotel Ste. Anne for our honeymoon, and our wife and I were delighted. The location is wonderfully central to all sorts of things in Paris, and the people who run it were friendly, helpful - really top-notch. The rooms are small (just a single room for everything, with a tiny bathroom/shower attached), but clean and tidy, and the room we had was nicely equipped. The hotel WiFi is free. We plan to stay there again when we go back to Paris.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SimonTorquay_Devon
<Content>Great little hotel Stayed here for one night with my teenage son during the rugby world cup. Found the staff to be very friendly and helpful and the rooms clean and comfortable. The hotel is located in a great area of paris only a few minutes from the Louvre and only a short metro trip away from the Gar de Nord.Fully intend to use this hotel again, would recommend to anyone...  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>waltzn_matilda
<Content>Great Location, Great staff       Looking out my window - Hotel Lovre Sainte Anne, Paris  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Davidov
<Content>Outstanding My favourite Paris hotel. Easy to get to (1 stop on the Metro from the main RER line from Charles de Gaulle airport) and a fantastic location. The rooms are bigger than any I've stayed in in Paris before and the staff are excellent. Breakfast is worth the extra. Couldnt recommend it highly enough. I'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AvidTraveller29
<Content>A great Paris gem My hubby and I stayed at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne after reading so many good reviews on TripAdvisor. And it did not disappoint. The hotel is smack bang in the middle of everything that we wanted to see and very easy to find from the Gare du Nord where we came into from our home town of London. Closest metro to the hotel is definitely Pyramides as it is a two minute walk to the front door. The hotel is in the Japanese Quarter of the city; literally surrounded by awesome Japanese restaurants. More about that later. The staff were extremely helpful and the lady at reception spoke excellent English which was helpful for hubby who is not a French speaker. The room was very nice and absolutely spotless. We had to make do with two singles pushed together but it was not really a problem. Our room was quiet (4th Floor with lift) and had a very nice clean bathroom. Thankfully there was a good shower that had pressure and plenty of hot water. The hotel does provide a squishy shower/bath bottle, but i'd recommend bringing your own if you want a decent shampoo. There was a hairdryer which was good. The room also had a nice flat screen tv with plenty of French tv channels and Eurosport in English. We also had air con which was great although we did not use it as it was not warm enough at night. We did not try out the breakfast as we woke up too late but it looked very nice on the pictures. We did however try out a Japanese restaurant for Brunch on the Sunday. When in Paris, eat Japanese! It's the one directly opposite the hotel and it was absolutely superb and very reasonable. We ate a few different dishes but the tempura is a must. This is how Japanese food should be made. Forget Wagamama's as this was the real deal. Best seats in the house are in front of the Chefs. They are so in sync they don't even have to speak to one another. It was great to watch them cook our food and with such care and attention. A great experience! We had both visited Paris a few times before but did a few new things that we absolutely loved and we think that everyone should do. We tried out the new Paris by bike initiative; 'Velib' that the Maire of Paris has just started up. There are bike stations all round Paris and there is one right by the hotel. It is a much better way of seeing Paris than taking the metro or even walking. You swipe your credit card (150 EUR deposit each), get a pin code, type it in and then off you go. Despite my apprehension about no helmuts being provided and the initial feeling that i was going to get squished by a crazy driver it was the best experience we had all weekend. The bikes were in excellent working order. Had 3 gears which was more than enough and had excellent Shimano break's. And for the ladies, the saddle was plenty wide and there was a useful basket for water and my handbag! We took the smaller back roads and cycled everywhere , even along the cobbles by the Seine. The Louvre was about 5 minutes away and we were able to get quite close to the Pyramid in the gardens without running anyone over. We cycled along the Saint Honore road with all of the nice shops and even ventured up the Champs Elysee until I lost my nerve as we moved closer to the Arc de Triomphe. The bikes also had a padlock so you could stop and leave them securely. You can also put the bikes back on the rack and take new ones out every time you stop as there are plenty of bike stations dotted around. This is also a good tip because if you can be bothered to change the bike every half an hour you only get charged the initial fee and not the 1 EUR or whatever it is past then, but it is cheap so we didn't bother changing the bikes. We absolutely loved it, so if you go in the summer or can brave the icy winds in winter, use the Velib and stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Di-WTraveler
<Content>Terrific Experience at Hotel Louvre St. Anne! I visited Paris with my family during the summer of 2006, and we enjoyed a fabulous stay at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne. The place was small but charming and it was stocked with useful brochures and information. The helpful, friendly staff members were also very well-informed, and provided us with maps showing just where within Paris all the famous landmarks are, plus detailed descriptions of each one. The staff were very polite, making sure we had everything we needed, and in the meanwhile ensuring a pleasant and comfortable stay. The hotel location was also very convenient--a short walk down the street led us right to the majestic Louvre museum and The Paris Opera. The hotel happened to be in the center of a tourist area, with restaurants serving various ethnic cuisines and shops. The hotel also had a wonderful 13th century cellar type basement where they served a hearty breakfast every morning. We would definitely recommend this hotel for anyone who desires a comfortable, pleasurable stay at the heart of Paris.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>petitesoeur
<Content>Couldn't be better! My wife and I stayed at the Louvre Sainte Anne for 6 nights in June '07. We were attracted by the good reviews on Trip Advisor and were not disappointed. The rooms are attractive and comfortable. The petit dejeuner is exceptional. All of the hotel staff are fantastic, very friendly and extremely helpful. If we are lucky enough to return to Paris we will happily stay with them again. Hello to Moun and Edyto.John and Gretchen B.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DAVIDfromMEXICO
<Content>One word: Excellent ! My wife and I stayed at Sainte Anne Louvre and it was just fantastic!We went to Italy and France for our third honeymoon, and after reviewing lots of comments in Trip Advisor, we decided to stay at Sainte Anne Louvre when being in Paris.I am sure I made the right decision .... Great service from all the people at the hotel, they helped me to get an additional room for one night (we arrived earlier to Paris), good advice for places to visit, very kind and polite.Rooms are quite good, I would say very much above average, very clean - which is the most important issue for me ... bathroom is perfect, A/C included, TV, minibar, safety deposit box, etc etc. Price is reasonable, we paid 116 Euros per night / room which is ok for prices in Paris.Location is great, 5 minute walk and you are at Louvre, Opera, Les Halles, etc. Less than one minute walk and you are at Pyramides Metro Station.Breakfast is also good, 12 EurosI want to thank all the people at Sainte Anne Louvre for a great service and for being part of our great vacations. If we were to visit again Paris, I would definetely stay once more at Saint Anne Louvre.Merci beaucoup!David Barlow from Mexico City  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eurowheels
<Content>Best location  After reading all the great reviews of this hotel we booked for 4 nights in July and were not disappointed. The staff are as lovely as everyone says, so helpful and friendly - make you feel part of the family. Our room was kept very clean and although small, had everything we needed, including free wireless internet.We had the disabled room and it is well equipped for wheelchair users, the only small disadvantage is it's on the ground floor so you get a bit of noise from the lobby area, but this did not disturb us at all.Staff helped us book Moulin Rouge tickets, work out wheelchair accessible bus routes and advised on good restaurants in the area. They were also able to shuffle things around at the last minute so we could keep our room for 2 more nights to stay for Bastille Day - in peak season it would have been impossible to do this on our own but they did it without blinking an eyelid. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Blackcat5573
<Content>Friendly and good location Stayed here for 3 nights (16th/19th July). As other reviewers have mentioned, the reception staff are very friendly and willing to help.The hotel itself is ok. The room we had (22) was quite small but adequate for the length of our stay. Don't expect too much luxury, but a clean and well located hotel.If you like Japanese food you're in the right place as there's 4 or 5 restaurants on the same street as the hotel!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>babygame
<Content>Great location  Just returned from a 3-night stay July 19-23, 2007. Great location. Excellent help from desk staff (especially Moun) on restaurant recs, how to get places, free coffee/tea in AM . (First day I actually had to pay 4 euros for a cup a tea at the nearby bakery). Rooms were a little small but had everything you need - safe, small refrigerator (just take the honor bar stuff out), hair dryer, towel dryer. We moved the twin beds around a bit to give us more room between them (put the nightstand between the beds). We had room 24 - there are only 20 rooms in this hotel (4 per foor, with 5 floors, breakfast room is in a downstair cave). Very close to bakery and Monoprix and shopping area and Louvre. Recommended restaurants were very French (what we wanted) and one was very reasonable (12 euro fixed price dinner).Loved the clean bathroom - ours had a tub and afer a long day of walking around Paris a hot bath felt great. The open shower door was not a problem; floor got a little wet, but we just wiped up with the towel floor mat. The rooms were very well sound-insulated (as long as the windows were closed). The AC worked well, albeit the first night we did get wifts of cigarette smoke  woke up red-eyed. Last few nights we didn't notice this issue. The hotel is an area that appears to be the Japantown of Paris, which takes a little away from the atmosphere, but it did help us find the place when we were a little disoriented. It is only a short block to Opera Blvd. Would stay here again as the convenience of the location was excellent.We paid 116 euro per night (on-line special pricing for July). Others we were looking at were 140 euro per night and farther out. We also wanted the AC!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TeachinNV
<Content>Absolutely perfect!! A friend and I stayed here during the first few days of July. The front desk staff, especially Edith, made our stay wonderful. She was able to book our tour, airport shuttles, and guide us to good restaurants.The hotel is located on a small street near many Japanese restaurants. There is a members-only club across the street that lets out late, and can be noisy. However, it did not keep us from sleeping soundly.The hotel is located within walking distance of the Louvre, and other nearby sights. There is lots of shopping nearby, along with bus routes, and the Metro.The room was small, but very comfortable. The hotel offers free Wi-Fi, which is hard to find these days.Overall, I would recommend staying here. I know that I will be returning sometime very soon.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dimasus
<Content>Nice hotel       Room  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LuccaB
<Content>Front Desk made our stay The Hotel is fine and in a great location, however the people at the front desk made the hotel a 4 star. Mouen goes out of her way to make sure everything is taken care of. She treated us like new born pups in her city. She actually had a look of worry in her eyes when we didn't consult her on our Metro outing. Turns out we should of, but her concern was priceless. We were traveling with our two kids and my mother, so all of her suggestions were so important and were so accurate. Do yourself a favor and make Paris easy, stay at this hotel and be pampered. P.S. Their breakfast ended up being the best out of our 17 day adventure, the coffee is great and the girls preparing it are as sweet as can be. The Hotel St. Anne gets top honors from this family of 5, and Mouen is a jewel.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>im70schild
<Content>Grreat Location        Room with Single Bed  Shower  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zx212
<Content>Nice stay My husband and I visited during May. It was overall positive experience. The location was good. Close enough to everything. Some walking is required.The room is small but very clean and well organized. I especially like the window with a view of the street.The staff is very helpful. I do not know if we can make it a memorable trip without their help with the directions and recommendations.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Taibiz
<Content>Fantastic hotel, with a staff that rivals that of the best 5 star resorts. Where do I start?? Great location, clean room, QUIET, and the most amazing front desk staff I've ever encountered. I can't begin to describe how incredibly helpful they were during our 11 day stay in Paris. When you arrive, they make you feel at home. During your stay, they manage to help with the little inconveniences that can make a vacation stressful (like programming my phone for use in France instead of Switzerland...). As for the location, its perfect - youre close to the Louvre, Opera, Orsay, and major train hubs. There's a nice little pastry shop up the street with very good croissants, etc. The queen of the hotel, Moun, will reccomend a number of places to eat - listen to this woman. You have to try Ty Breiz.. My wife and I have stayed in many top tier resorts, and I have to say this hotel, although small, tops them all. I'd give 7 stars if I could  I will be staying there again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jjcosta1961
<Content>Excellent choice for hotel in Paris Brought my family of 4 here in mid-May for 4 nights. I only booked 1 room, and as I know now, one typical Parisian hotel room is not enough for 4 people. We took a second room, but it was only available for the first night. By morning, Moun had found us 2 adjoining rooms in an alternate hotel just down the street called the Hotel Opera Maintenon. This was classified as a 2 star, but the rooms were clean and comfortable and even a little more spacious than the Louvre Sainte Anne. The only reason it was a 2 and not 3 star is that: 1) You must climb one flight of stairs to get to the elevator, as it only travels between the 1st floor and higher (it does not go to the ground level); and 2) It does not have air conditioning. This is not a problem in Paris in May, so we did not mind that at all. We through the windows wide open and enjoyed the cool Spring air. On the plus side, 2 rooms at the Hotel Opera Maintenon were only slightly more costly than 1 room at the Louvre Sainte Anne.It's true what is being said of the service at the Louvre Sainte Anne. Moun and Edita helped to make our first trip to Paris a tremendous success.BTW, I could not find the Hotel Opera Maintenon listed in TripAdvisor or I would post my comments there as well...  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GillSouthYorkshire
<Content>Excellent Hotel This was our first visit to Paris and I spent ages looking for a hotel. Whilst browsing several websites the Louvre Sainte Anne kept appearing. After looking at reviews on this website I decided to go for it and was so glad I did. The hotel is in an excellent location for all the major attractions and public transport. Although the room was small (apparently quite common in Paris) it was spotlessly clean and serviced everyday. The bathroom had a bath with shower and constant hot water, also all toiletries provided. The breakfast is excellent value for money with a vast choice of cereals, fruit, meat, cheese, yoghurt and the usual hot dishes as well as juices, tea, coffee, milk etc.As mentioned in previous reviews the staff were brilliant, they couldn't do enough to help and always had a friendly greeting. During our stay we asked if they could recommend a restaurant and they suggested the Le Bistro de la B near Notre Dame. The food and service was excellent, fine dining at its best. Also because the hotel was promoting their bistro they paid for a taxi one way. Our only regret was that we didn't ask for a recommendation at the beginning of our holiday as I think we would have spent every evening at this bistro. I would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again should I return to Paris.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheBorg7
<Content>Nice, cosy hotel with excellent location Stayed at the Louvre Sainte-Anne for 5 nights. We had a very enjoyable stay. Great location, less than 10 minute walk to the Louvre, Opera, Palais Royal, Tuileries gardens. Very clean, deserves its 3 star rating. Rooms were a little small but that did not bother us at all. Comfortable bed, air-conditioning, flat panel TV, mini-fridge, heated towel racks, hair-dryer, in-room safe. Wonderful front-desk staff especially Moun who really goes out of her way to make her guests feel welcome. Lots of Japanese restaurants around as others have pointed out but walk a couple of blocks to Avenue de L'Opera and you have French brasseries, patisseries and restaurants. Monoprix department store also a couple of blocks away if you feel like buying your own groceries. Close to Pyramides metro. Would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Helen711
<Content>Conveniently located to everything! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne for six nights. Our room and bathroom were nice sized and quiet, even though the room faced the street. The room was spotless and the bed was comfortable. There was also a dressing table and mirror in the room. The biggest asset of this hotel is a nine-year employee at the front desk: Moen (pronounced Moon). She is cheerful, knowledgeable and helpful. We don't read French and misunderstood the sign on the back of the door. Our room was 145 euros/night. The rest of the sign said breakfast was 12 euros (we got that right!) and what we thought was coffee, which we thought was gratis, actually was the in-room safe! You have to run your credit card through the slot for identification, but there's no charge. We discovered that the coffee was 3 euros, but that was cheaper than anywhere else, which was 4-5 euros/cup. We thought we were being so clever to go to a restaurant to have breakfast because we thought 24 euros for breakfast was too expensive. We ended up paying over 40 euros because the coffee was so expensive and we each had two cups! As Moen would tell you, if you want to go to the Louvre, turn left out the front door, walk four blocks and you're standing in front of it. Bakery with wonderful fresh goods and a great, big cup of coffee? Left out the front door and walk one block, same side of the street. Grocery store: Out the front door, turn right and immediately turn right again to go down the side street, walk one block and there's a market kitty-corner across the street. The metro is three blocks away. You will discover that there are dozens of Japanese restaurants in that part of town. We also discovered a newly opened Persian restaurant, just 1 1/2 blocks from the hotel. Out the door, turn right. Same side of the street. They do not have hotel shuttle service to and from the airport, so be sure to book transportation the day before you're ready to leave the hotel. We're glad we did. We wanted to leave at 10:30 am. Moen called 5 or 6 services for us and there were none available at that time. She found a ride for us at 9:00 am which we immediately booked.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Frampsta
<Content>A lovely little hotel in a great location As with all Parisian hotels the rooms are cosy, but the facilities are modern and clean. The hotel is situated right in between Opera and the Louvre (5 mins walk each) - there are also L'OpenTour bus / boat stops nearby which allow those who don't know the city or who are on a short trip to see all the sites easily and conveniently. The front-desk staff are fantastic; we saw four during our stay and all spoke excellent english and could not have been more helpful or friendly. Highly recommended - I certainly will go back there!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>novice27
<Content>Great location, nice help, clean rooms We spent a week at the hotel in early May, 2007. Great location to get around -- we did a lot of walking to places like the Tuileries garden, the Louvre, Opera, and numerous other places along the river. We also walked to some great restaurants, thanks to the help of Moun and the rest of the staff.The room was small (as expected) but clean and quite adequate. It was very quiet -- we had no night time noises to botther us, either from inside or out. We ignored all the Japanese restaurants around there and checked out many of the great French restaurants not too far away.Strongly recommend the place -- we'll use it again, I'm sure.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fjblake
<Content>Great Location, enjoyed the stay Stayed for a weekend and the hotel was ideal for walking to all of central Paris and Montmartre. Also very convenient for walking to the Roissy bus going to/from CDG airport. The staff were all really friendly and the breakfast very good. Ideal for a central and non-fussy hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IT-Expert
<Content>Helpful staff, good location We stayed here from March 19-25, 2007. It is well-located 鈥?an easy 5-minute walk to the Louvre, shopping (like the MonoPrix), and many restaurants. We had a room on the top floor with a balcony that has a view of Sacre Cour. The room was adequately sized for my family 鈥?my wife and I plus our 10-year old son. Keep in mind this is Paris, and equivalent rooms are smaller than what is typically found in North America. The bathroom was newish, which would explain why it is quite large and beautiful. The bathroom has a heated towel rack (something I wish our house had). From an American viewpoint, the room would probably rate 2 陆 stars, not 3. But this is typical of hotels in Europe. I don鈥檛 know how Paris rates hotels (the number of stars is posted outside the hotel). We visited 2 four-star hotels just to check them out, and those hotels had a big difference in luxury (and price too). The hotel TV channels had 3 or 4 english channels, including the English version of EuroSport.Perhaps the best part of this hotel is the front desk staff. Mon, Amina, and the rest of the reception staff were hugely helpful and informative. From restaurant recommendations, directions, etc., they were always spot on and could all easily converse in English. We hadn鈥檛 been to Paris in decades so this was greatly appreciated. My wife was to fly out 2 days before us, but a Northeaster caused a 2-day delay in her getting to Paris, and the hotel did not charge us for those nights 鈥?what great service!Other reviews have mentioned that the hotel is in the midst of many Japanese restaurants. We tried a few out. As a former owner of 2 Japanese restaurants myself, I can tell you that the restaurants in this area are hit-or-miss. You cannot go by the crowd waiting to get in, or the ethnicity of the owners (most are not Japanese owned, but that doesn鈥檛 always matter). There is an excellent and cheap brasserie half-a-block from the hotel, right on a corner. We had breakfast at that brasserie each day 鈥?great service, great location and windows for people watching (in Paris, people watching is part of the culture). The hotel鈥檚 breakfast room (in the basement) was recently redone and looks very nice, but, we did not have breakfast in the hotel.So considering the price, the wonderful reception staff, and location, I rate our stay as 5 out of 5.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Artemis-Angel
<Content>Excellent location - lovely staff This hotel has an excellent location only a short walk from the Louvre and the Opera House. The staff in the hotel spoke excellent English and were very helpful and friendly, The room was tastefully decorated and furnished and very clean. The bathroom was in excellent condition and had a bath. The room I had (24) was quiet even though it was next to the lift. The room has a mini bar which is always useful. I would definitely use this hotel again and recommend to friends.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kvn
<Content>Excellent Hotel And Location We have just spent three nights at the hotel and it was excellent, the staff were very helpful and the location was great.Moun who was the receptionist was very helpful and she gave some good tips on where to eat in the local area.The hotel is a very short distance from the Opera where the Roissy bus that runs from CDG airport drops off/collects from, and the Louvre is also about ten/fifteen minutes walk away.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chris12Norwich
<Content>Super Sainte Anne Just spent four nights at Sainte Anne, room small but perfect for our needs ( bed and breakfast ). Lovely clean bathroom, friendly english speaking staff, good breakfast. Good central position, no complaints, highly recommended.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zsazsa123
<Content>Great stay at Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne We stayed at this hotel the night of February 10, 2007, and couldn't have been happier. Other reviewers were absolutely right--Berni at the front desk makes the stay so enjoyable. She was always smiling, and answered all of our questions thoroughly. The room was very clean, small (but it's Paris!), but adequate for a night or two. The hotel is only half a block from Opera street, where there is great shopping, and 2 stops for L'Open Tour bus for touring Paris. Berni had tickets for the tour, and told us how to get to the stop. There are also several Japanese restaurants right across the street from the hotel, which we loved. And there's a Starbucks within a five minute walk. On Sunday morning we weren't too successful finding a place to have breakfast, as a lot of restaurants were closed, so we opted to have the buffet breakfast from the hotel brought to our room (the breakfast room is closed for renovation). It was excellent--eggs, bacon, breads, cheese, yogurt, orange juice--all for 12 euros each. We stayed at the Westin for the 2 nights prior, due to my husband's work conference, and we were way happier with the location and service of this hotel. It's our new hotel when staying in Paris!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>linasimp
<Content>Great place if you like Japanese food I stayed at this hotel for a week and a half in August. Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne is in a great location. Especially if you like japanese food. I'm Japanese, and after spending a couple months I was really starting to miss Japanese food, so I was happy to be staying here. The whole street is lined with Japanese restaurants. The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. The rooms are VERY small and not very comfortable, but it was very clean. I would say that this hotel is just okay but the price is right.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>NickTobs
<Content>Great package I went on the strength of reviews here and was happy that I did - it is true that Moun is great and the hotel good.The area is very convenient and the road reasonably quiet. The rooms are comfortable and clean. The hotel lacks public areas but the help we received from reception, from guidance to offers of umbrellas was refreshing in a big city. We had breakfast in a cafe a few metres away and a Japanese meal opposite, both were fine. Access to the metro is another plus and the Louvre is very close. Great value for money.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>SydneyDavid
<Content>Convenience in a small pleasant package As a family of 5, we occupied 2 rooms here. This small hotel has the convenience of the Metro (Pyramides) only 100 metres away, a cluster of good and relatively inexpensive Japanese retsaurants at the door and many other eateries, bars, cinemas and theatre within 300 metres. Although the breakfast room was closed for renovation, a hot and expansive breakfast was delivered to our room as ordered. The front desk was courteously and efficiently maintained. We would stay here again, but in small rooms (as one gets at 3 star in Paris), a short stay is best. And the view from the 5th floor up to Sacre-Coeur is magic.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>bennettluke
<Content>Great hotel for visiting Paris.       sacre couer in the distance  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>UCTraveler
<Content>Great choice! Chose the St Anne based on the excellent reviews and it lived up to its reputation. My friends and I reserved the triple on the top floor and were not disappointed. It was simply decorated but a decent size for Paris. We also had the balcony which made the room. What a beautiful view of Sacre Coeur. Our bathroom was quite large and was great once adjusting to no curtain and the hand held shower. As indicated by most people Moun was awesome. When my friend hurt her ankle, Moun came to the rescue. She was so friendly and made you feel comfortable right away. The hotel would not be the same without her. The rest of the staff was great as well. The convenience of the hotel was great as well. Close to the Louvre, the metro, the Opera, etc. It was also great to be so close to the Mono Prix for snacks and water (this was much cheaper than the minibar). I would definitely recommend the St. Anne!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>hotdocs
<Content>Love that Front Desk Lady!!!! The hotel is ok. The rooms are ok. The bathrooms...well...they're bathrooms. BUT, the lady at the front desk is AWESOME!!! She makes this hotel! She didn't even ask our names, but she already knew who we were. She was excited to hear that this was our first time in Paris and made sure that we knew the best places to go and eat. She went out of her way to draw us maps and call the restaurants and taxis to make our reservations. Too good to be true? Yeah...maybe...but you'll just have to stay there to find out for yourself!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>davidf37
<Content>Good                More photos  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>oschli
<Content>Loved the location       This is what we saw out of our hotel window  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BobMc
<Content>Not Bad for Paris First the good things. The price was good , the staff excellent and the location spot on.Now the bad things. Paris hotels under 4 star really are uncomfortable with no real public rooms no easy chairs in the bedroom no restaraunt and the usual drab decor. This property was no worse than other hotels in this class. I found the staff friendly and helpful. Paris just seems to be getting left behind with their modest hotels not keeping up with world standards. I would recomend spending the exta money for a more comfortable hotel but on a budget the hotel is fine.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>gomez_addams
<Content>Excellent experience We chose the hotel largely on the basis of the positive reviews on Tripadvisor, and we were happy we did.The only con is that our room was smaller than we are used to in the USA. The beds were very comfortable and the A/C worked great. I would not want to spend much time in that room - really it is only for sleeping, getting dressed, etc. But we were not in Paris to watch CNN.I can't say enough about the staff. I mention Moun in particular, since she was the one who gave us a tremendous welcome to Paris. However, the rest of the staff were equally friendly and most helpful. All the staff spoke English.The room was clean and comfortable. The location was tremendous - allowing us to walk to most places, or hop on a nearby bus line. We did not experience any outside noise in our room. We didn't try the brunch they offer.I have read people bemoaning the lack of a shower curtain. The tub/shower has a small glass partition covering the front third of the tub. To avoid getting water on the floor, simply stand at the front of the tub, and turn around in such a way that you are facing the glass wall. It also helps if you don't turn the water on full blast. By doing this, we had a good shower in the usual amount of time, and no water on the floor.Bottom line: GREAT staff (best I've ever encountered), great location. great value, and fully adequate room.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>L2santhanam
<Content>Great Hotel my husband and I stayed at this hotel september 2006. The rooms were very comfortable and the hotel location was great. The staff had wonderful recommendations and they were very friendly. It is around the corner from the Louvre and walking distance to a metro. There is a great cafe right beside for une cafe -;) I highly recommend this hotel. I would return multiple times.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>p&mwilshaw
<Content>lovely french hotel what a lovely hotel. the staff are the nicest you could meet. the rooms although small were just right for a base. very central to everything paris has to offer.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	5	3	4	

<Author>LBisme
<Content>Personal touch at Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne       Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Diamond_Snowflake
<Content>Great location but average 3* for the price and 'non smoking' not possible We stayed for 3 nights in late August. The staff were very friendly and helpful as stated in other reviews, and this is a big plus point. The location is also fantastic - only 5 mins walk from the Louvre but also near to Place de la Madeleine (great shops), the Opera (department stores, cafes) and also steps from the Jardin and Musee de l'Orangerie. The room was adequate - small in size but the built-in safe a plus point.However, even with a discount for August, we found the double room at 112EU / night an average price for an average room. The decor was ok, but rather floral / old fashioned in style. The bath had no shower curtain, resulting in soaking floors. There was no shower soap in the dispenser on the first day and the toilet roll had been left pretty much empty. There were some women's tights on the floor and previous guests' debris in a pile of magazines indicating that the room had not been cleaned thoroughly (note: despite the vacuum that wakes you up each morning at 9am going on and off, on and off, on and off....)Towels were small and the bed was adequate but french style pillows not very comfy and bed quite hard. (Note that they did provide 2 full size pillows in the cupboard, which was a plus point). The air conditioning had no temperature control despite the instructions and would have been too noisy to have on at night if very warm. Although the windows gave good sound control, I would NOT describe this as being on a 'quiet street' as per the other reviews. With the windows open it was impossible to sleep. There are several Japanese restaurants close by - good food but street noise at night - and scooters and people driving their cars too quickly with radios on at night was a small problem.Most annoyingly though, I had specifically asked whether they had non-smoking rooms before going, because I have an allergic asthmatic reaction to a smoking room EVEN if there has not been very recent smoke. Given the all clear, I booked this hotel over others. I even double checked on check-in and was assured it was non-smoking... BUT of course the room was not non-smoking. It had ash trays and smelled of smoke - not badly but then that's not the point. Yes it's hard to find a non-smoking room in Paris but I would have tried elsewhere and paid more for it if I had known. This was extremely disappointing.Overall though, if you're not going in hot weather and want somewhere very convenient, this is a good average hotel with great staff.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	-1	-1	

<Author>orto
<Content>Excellent location, save time. Excellent location, this was our first time in Paris, and every was so easy, the metro is excellent we rented a car (because we traveled all around Europe) and we left the car in a parking lot all the time (25E a day), you can walk to the louvre, very nice area, I felt secure even at nigth and the metro station is 2 blocks away from the hotel, you can take a taxi for 10E to go to Sacr茅 Coeur, the pastries around the corner are excellent, the pan au chocolat for 1E is delicious, don鈥檛 forget to buy the Paris museum pass for 30E you can go to 60 museums in 2 days. There are a lot of chinese restaurant around, but you could have a creppe at the Eiffel tower for 5E or a delicious paella in the louvre Food Court for 15E before yo go to sleep. Our bathroom was nice, (for a European hotel)The receptionist is very helpful, is a very nice lady, that is willing to help you all the time., I definably would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GlenninVancouver
<Content>Great Deal at Louvre Ste. Anne This gem of a hotel is centrally located between Opera and the Louvre. It's clean, quiet, helpful staff and air conditioning. Great deal and worth returning!Glenn, Vancouver, Canada  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JWS77
<Content>Friendly, But... My family stayed in H么tel Louvre Sainte Anne for 4 nights in early August. I was very disappointed by what I found. Pros: - friendly staff- quietCons:- rooms are vert old and dark- rooms are tiny, even with European hotel standards- our room had dirty sheets upon arrival- location is not as close to the Louvre as I thought - you'd have to walk quite a bit, and not close to any other major attractions.It might be a good value for the low price you pay, but if vacationing in Paris is a once-in-a-life-time experience for you, this hotel will not cut it for you. It didn't feel like a hotel that I wanted to return to after a day of enjoying beautiful museums and sceneries.I'd definitely look for a better hotel next time, even if it means spending a lot more money.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>andrew101
<Content>Wonderful Friendly Hotel We stayed at this hotel in July 2006. It's a charming and friendly hotel. It's clean, air conditioned, and nicely fashioned throughout. The staff, in particular, made our stay enjoyable. Location is perfect.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Travel_Bug_J
<Content>Great Hotel, Perfect Location, Amazing Staff I could not agree more with the other reviews about the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne. I stayed there with my mom during the middle of July and it was the best place I have stayed in Paris so far. We were there for almost a week and not only was our room air conditioned during the beginning of a heat wave, but the staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. The hotel is perfectly located between the Louvre and the Opera House. There are three metro stations within a few blocks of the hotel so it is easy to get around. Our room was located on a high floor and overlooked the street below. If I looked out the window, I could see the Sacre Coeur in the distance. The room was large enough for the two of us and the bathroom had plenty of room. It took us a few days to get used to the shower with a low mounted shower head and no shower curtain.We chose to skip breakfast at the hotel since it was 12 euros a person. I always enjoy grabbing pastries from a pasterie anyway. The best part of staying at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne is the staff. Monira is there during the day and provides not only amazing restaurant recommendations and makes reservations but she will map out where you want to go for the day, all with a smile. I would tell her what I was in the mood for and she knew the best place to go and immediately called for a reservation. The best restaurtant of all was Le Soufle near the Rue de Rivoli. I will absolutely stay at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne on my next trip to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>roanth
<Content>Good Hotel for the Price My husband and I (29 and 28 yrs old) stayed here for just 1 night in Paris in August 2006. The women at the front desk spoke nearly fluent English, was helpful in making dinner reservations and shuttle reservations to the airport (CDG) in the morning (39 Euro for 2 people). The room was small as was the bathroom (particularly the sink area and shower). However, the room and bathroom were quite clean and you cannot beat the location or the price (ours was 128 Euro). The air conditioning system was strong and the room was nice and cool. There was a TV with CNN English coverage. Of course this is not a luxury hotel (for 128 Euro in Paris you would be hard-pressed), but if you are looking for a good, solid hotel at a great location, then this is your hotel.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>8031pc
<Content>Nice A/C but don't eat the $12 breakfast! My wife and I stayed at this hotel based solely on reviews from this site. We arrived in Paris during a July heat wave and were so glad that this hotel has freezing cold A/C in their rooms. The front desk people speak good English which helped out. The hotel is located on a small street near the Lourve museum. This street is lined with Japanese sushi places and a fire station but it was always quiet. If you have never been to Paris before I urge you not to rent a car and drive. The driving and traffic in Paris is horrible. Buy a daily pass and use the subway, buses and taxis if needed. The hotel room was small but well appointed. Do not get anything from the mini bar is your room though. Every item is 3 euro! Also breakfast is NOT included in your room price as we believed. I was stunned when we were each charged 12 euro each for haven eaten their breakfast which consisted of pastries, cereal, potatoes and juice. This is not a 12 euro breakfast folks. This would be considered a continental breakfast in USA and normally comes free as well. The bathrooms also have a showerhead but no shower curtain which I thought was odd.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>audreyc
<Content>Eh. So-so. I'm sort of surprised at the rave reviews. While I don't have any major complaints about the St. Anne, I have to say I was far from impressed. True, the location is great -- right near Pyramides metro stop and within wakling distance to most stuff you want to see. And, heck, you walk a lot in Paris, so location is important.But it's very European. And, lets me honest, that's not always a fabulous thing, right? OK, so it had an attached bathroom. But no curtain and the shower head you had to hold over your head. Now I know why so many women don't shave. It's too freaking hard when you're balancing a shower head, razor and tiny soap. The rooms are very small, which is OK by me. But the AC was broken and we had to keep the windows open. Which would also be OK but it's a very loud street (even if it looks calm, the noise reverberates a lot. So we slept with earplugs in. And you think that you don't spend time in your hotel room -- after all, you're in Paris, right? But we walked proably 12-15 miles a day. (And we're big hikers in CA) and it's exhausting. And you're drinking wine, so you get tired and naps are nice in the late afternoon after most places are closed and you're waiting for dinnertime.And all that's fine. But if the main woman isn't at the front desk, forget about helpful dinner directions. And breakfast is OK, even though you have to walk by the maid's closet on the way to the basement where it's served. In the end, it was OK. I think you could probably find nicer places for the price if you really tried.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	1	

<Author>stevelevy99
<Content>Loving the Louvre St. Anne What a treat to arrive at the Louvre St. Anne! This is a quaint, boutique hotel with clean rooms and high quality accomodations. The location is stellar, just a stone throw from the Louvre. We think Robert Langdon must have raced by here with Sophie Neveau. There is a darling pastry shop on the corner that smells heavenly. Get the chocolate croissant. The young man at the front desk is super helpful, friendly, and fun. The young lady doesn't give the most accurate information regarding sites and activities, so call your destination directly. You can rig the French bath so it works as a shower - be creative (hint: incorporate the towel bar).  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rsmarlett
<Content>Surprise! Surprise! My wife andI weren't expecting much when we arrived at the unimposing entrance, but were more than pleased with our room which was a comfortable size, clean, and with a bathroom almost as large. The airconditioner worked the way it was supposed to. There was plenty of hot water, the breakfast was good, coffee was excellent, desk staff spoke English, most of the things we came to Paris to see were in walking distance. The most delightful feature of the hotel is Muon, the lady who seems to be the chief clerk on the front desk.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel I stayed at this hotel with my girlfriend in June this year. I booked it online on an agency website with a request for a non-smoking room and within two hours had an email from the hotel confirming they had reserved one for me. It was friendly, well located and the staff spoke good English. The room was comfortable if not too big (like all rooms in Paris) and we were made very welcome.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iscar
<Content>Perfect Hotel, Perfect Location My husband and I have just returned from our honeymoon, we stayed at the Louvre Sainte Anne and just loved this charming hotel. Our room was excellent, on the 5th floor with its own balcony which overlooked the Sacre Cour - worth the extra money. The hotel was clean and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We also loved the area, it was very central amd had lots of excellent restaurants and cafes close by.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Glon Drack
<Content>great little hotel, in a great location Stayed here with my wife and daughter for a week in June. The location is terrific. Walking distance to the Louvre, Opera, two different Metro Stops, the Tuilleries, and many other sites. The front desk staff was as friendly and welcoming as one could want and very understanding of our weak french responding with very good english. The rooms were clean and comfortable with AC, in room safes, small tv, hairdryer, minibar, and bathtub/shower. The breakfast was great with fresh croissants, other breads, cereals, eggs made to order and hot potatoes and bacon, sausages, yogourt, juice, fresh fruit and more. This is a great parisian style hotel that most everyone would be happy with unless you need the massive american-style rooms. Would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABroadAbroad
<Content>Good but hardly Amazing My husband  I both slept well at the Louvre St. Anne. We found it clean, quiet, and well-located. However, while it's a decent place to stay, it hardly lives up to the rave reviews I read on Trip Advisor. The rooms are smaller  duller than others we've stayed in for less money across Paris. More importantly, the weekend we were there, the air conditioning was broken. The staff neglected to mention this, and a/c was one of the reasons I'd booked us into the hotel in the first place. We live in Europe and travel to Paris roughly once every two months; we try to stay in inexpensive-to-mid-range little hotels. I have to say that for the money, (137Euros/$175) I've had more spacious and charming rooms elsewhere -- albeit hotels without a/c, but then, for the three nights we were there, the St. Anne was without it as well. I'm used to small hotel rooms, yet in on our 1st floor room, there was just enough space to get around the bed. What's more, the toilet leaked  clogged, one of the light switches didn't work (meaning if one of us wanted to read while the other slept, we had to keep the main light on) and the ventilator duct in the bathroom roared non-stop. The lobby also has almost no public space whatsoever. While none of these things are deal-breakers, I felt that overall, the hotel didn't live up to the absolutely stellar reviews posted on this site. I'd stay there again, but primarily if I had to be in the 1st arrondisement. Otherwise, you may be able to find more charm  bang for your buck in the 3rd, 6th, 7th  12th arrondissements. At least try to make sure the a/c works if you're booking for the warm summer months!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DGCBurg
<Content>Look no more, perfect parisian Hotel!       Versailles (cottages)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Voyageur510
<Content>Great location/nice hotel We stayed at this hotel for just one night. I liked the location and the staff was great. The room was not huge (two twin beds pushed together), but it was relatively clean. The bathroom was fine, but the area underneath the sink was a little cruddy. We had a nice view from our window, too. The lobby is small, but nice. There are lots of brochures containing information about things to do in Paris. Overall, our short stay was fine.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bkpuff
<Content>Loved this hotel Tripadvisor member - Williamsport, PAMy wife and I spent 5 nights at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne. They were absolutely wonderful. It was our 41st Anniversary and they surprised us with a free bottle of Champagne one evening. Housekeeping excellent, breakfast for 10 Euro's was a bargain in Paris and it had eggs to order, all beverages, pastries and more. Rooms were large by Paris standards but make sure you ask for a Queen Bed for larger room. Moun at the front desk was great. She made many reservations for us and spoke great English. Speaking of English, most Parisiennes spoke some English and were very helpful wherever we went. The hotel was only 4 blocks from the Opera and great shopping and 4 blocks from the Louvre and the Siene. Quiet street in Japanese resturant area made the noise level very low at night. My wife and I found Taxi's to be economical in the evenings and on weekends when traffic was light. We went to most places in Paris including Montmarte for around 5-6 Euro's which for 2 people is very inexpensive. The best part is the Taxi drops you right in front of your destination. No climbing Metro steps or hanging around for a Tour bus was a plus for a Senior couple. So we say check out this hotel. Has great ratings on TripAdvisor and reviews - it was all true. They are also very inexpensive by comparison. We did send maybe 5 or 6 emails back and forth to arrange everything. They were very quick to respond to all our emails. We actually made the reservations directly with the hotel via email so we by- passed the commercial reservation sites and got exactly what we wanted.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely friendly hotel Our first visit to Paris for a long weekend. Had difficulty getting our orientation stepping out of the metro system so took us 30 minutes to find (It is only 5 minutes from the palais-royale metro station once you know). Our first evening was spent strolling in the grounds of the Louvre and along the Seine - fantastic location.Lots of posh Japanese restaurants on the same street. We chose L'oustaou Cafe just behind the hotel on Rue de Richelieu again since they were so friendly and spoke a bit of English (about 45 Euros for a three course meal for two).Nice Cafe about twenty yards from the hotel for bread,cakes,sandwiches coffee etc. again they speak English well.The hotel room (No 21) was big enough for two. It was clean and tidy and we thought resonably priced for the location. Staff were helpful and friendly and spoke EnglishWe would use it again!!  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Little Hotel This was our first trip to Paris and we chose this hotel based on location, price, and positive Trip Advisor Reviews. We stayed in Room 34. It was clean and nicely decorated. The bed was comfortable, and they had American-style pillows available. (The double bed was two twins pushed together, but that is not uncommon in Paris.) The room was small, but not any worse than hotel rooms in Hawaii or anywhere space is at a premium. The breakfast was good and filling--we ate there often because my husband likes milk for breakfast and we had a hard time finding that elsewhere in Paris. I appreciated the endless coffee refills, too! They even cooked eggs per our request and provided steamed milk for the coffee. The staff was very friendly and helpful whenever we had questions. We took the Roissy bus to and from CDG airport (the bus stops at the Opera, which is about a half a mile or so from the hotel.) Although the street the hotel is on could be very noisy at night, the windows are very thick and almost soundproof. We didn't have any problems sleeping. We were very pleased with this hotel and would stay there again.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Masterpez
<Content>Clean, friendly hotel with good location My husband and I stayed here during Easter week for one night and found the hotel to be clean, the staff friendly, helpful, and a very good location. It is a small establishment but it does the job and is a pleasant place to stay. The rooms were small but normal for European standards. The bathroom was clean and modern although there was no shower curtain and the shower head was knee height while the soap container was shoulder height. They provide liquid soap which is marked as shampoo as well. The towels are ample but if you have thick hair, you might want to bring your own hair dryer. We did not have the breakfast as there are plenty of lovely little places to grab a delicious French pastry. Again, the staff was wonderful and very friendly. They allowed us to check in before the sceduled time and also kept our bags for us until our departure time from Paris.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ansells2001
<Content>Great place to stay in Paris We had a great stay at this hotel. Great and helpful staff, fantastic location (we walked almost everywhere!), and the quality of the room was very good for a 3* hotel in the centre of Paris. We had the triple room on the top floorr, which was certainly larger than we expected; the bed was very comfortable, and the room quiet, despite the fact that the hotel was fully booked. It is the first place we are going to consider next time we are in Paris!  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Elaineaus
<Content>fabulous! We arrived at the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne with high expectations, which could have really set us up for a disappointment. Fortunately, we were even more impressed than we thought we would be. The staff was very helpful, always smiling, and the room was wonderfully clean, with a distant view of the Sacre Coeur from the balcony (on the fourth floor). It is close to the pyramides metro station, so it's easy to navigate the city from its location. I'm not sure that I will choose a pricier hotel in Paris, because this hotel has so much to offer--all the more reason to splurge on some fantastic French food!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Louvre Sainte Anne best in Paris We stayed in Paris in March with my husband and had a wonderful stay at the Louvre Sainte Anne in the center of Paris.It is just a few steps from the Louvre and the Opera.Extremely clean and very nice 3 * Hotel, like it should be.Bernie at Reception helped us in all different needs we had (changed light in ourroom, exlained us the whole city...)Whenever we will be again in Paris we will stay at the Louvre Sainte Anne again andwe will send all our friends and family there.Miriam Olah  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eight nights in Paris My wife and I have just returned from eight nights in Paris where we stayed in the Louvre Sainte Anne from April 14 to 22. This hotel offers great value and is very hospitable. We arrived at 8 am after a 20 hour flight from Australia. Our pre-booked double room wasn't ready, but we were given a complimentary pot of coffee and were invited to compare their double and triple rooms. We stayed in both rooms during our visit but decided to move into one of the triple rooms immediately on arrival, which are located on the top floor. These have a slightly larger bath, more floor space and a belcony. The belcony alone made the 20 Euro upgrade worthwhile. Ours had a nice view of the distant Sacre Coeur and was perfect for relaxing with a beer after a long day's walking before embarking on the evening's activities.The hotel is very quiet. Although we were told the hotel was almost fully booked, we heard no noise from other guests when staying in either the triple or double room. We met many of the staff during our visit and all were very helpful, especially when offering advice about our chosen daily activities. We were also very impressed with their hot and cold buffet breakfast for 10 Euro. Normally we don't eat at a hotel's restaurant but for quality and value (compared with the surrounding cafes) we made an exception here. The hotel is conveniently located mid-way between the Louvre and Opera House (5 minute walk to both).Of all our wonderful experiences in Paris, the highlight was seeing a French opera at the grand Opera House. Why pass through all the tourist sites in Paris when you can sit and relax in a small box above the stage, soaking up all the opulence and luxury in truly Parisian style? We also recommend using the Metro in Paris. Thanks to advice from one of the hotel staff, we each purchased a carnet and quickly mastered the train system to explore the outskirts of this amazing city. Top marks to the Louvre Sainte Anne - great value and very friendly / helpful service!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Hotel Louvre Sainte Anne I'd recommend highly this hotel. The location is great, near a metro stop and easy walking distance to either the Louvre or the Opera. The hotel is very comfortable, the rates are reasonable for hotel of this quality, the staff is friendly and helpful, and the breakfasts were tasty. They even have wireless internet, but unfortunately it's not free, and it's not cheap. Two features that were new to me was the towell warmer in the bathroom and the lights that go off when you take your room key. Nice extras. We will definitely come back next time we're in Paris.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the people, location and clean rooms! From the start, the people here at the Sainte Anne were genuinely warm and friendly. The owner, a fit and handsome Corsican, and his lovely young wife, run the place as if guests are family. And I cannot say enough about Moun at the front desk, who consistently went above and beyond to make my stay comfortable.I ended up enjoying two rooms, the first a single and the second a double. The beds were surprisingly comfortable. The rooms are larger than many hotels at which I've stayed in Paris (including a Sofitel), but of course don't expect anything enormous. There's plenty of room to get around the beds, the bathrooms are nicely appointed, and my balcony gave me plenty of excuses to watch people go by.Location: Superb. A short walk to the Louvre, Les Galeries Lafayettes, Montorgeuil, etc. Plenty of good restaurants nearby, including a sweet place Moun tipped me off to: La Cordonnerie on rue St Roch.The breakfast space is great -- 13th century!I'll definitely stay here again and will recommend the place to friends.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>warm friendliness from the front desk   showReview(4741576, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dandjaway
<Content>Fabulous small hotel in central Paris, lovely rooms    showReview(4617609, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DaveH-ExPat
<Content>Wonderful little hotel for a Paris holiday            
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The hotel made Paris even better   showReview(4559704, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Etienne_Renard
<Content>Wonderfully Romantic Parisian Hotel   showReview(4475461, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel !   showReview(4466169, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel!   showReview(3792722, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent staff!   showReview(1401397, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lollipop78
<Content>Un fantastico week end...   showReview(22630321, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>E' stata la nostra prima visita...   showReview(22769805, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel molto carino e vicino...   showReview(20628812, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jean_lucBelgique
<Content>茅quilibr茅   showReview(19999066, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das Hotel wurde von uns...   showReview(19868728, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>verobaires
<Content>Un hallazgo!   showReview(17097211, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SuperTitty
<Content>Week End Romantico   showReview(16250706, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2 noches, habitaci贸n doble   showReview(16729571, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Naucalpense
<Content>Buen Hotel, buen servicio, buena ubicaci贸n   showReview(12585908, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo si meriterebbe nel...   showReview(12651250, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Helen888
<Content>Muy buena situaci贸n   showReview(11462177, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Teniendo en cuenta los precios...   showReview(11373259, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona accoglienza personale...   showReview(11373260, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo...   showReview(11373261, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

