<Author>jnqueen00
<Content>I loved the Elan Hotel! I had the best stay at the Elan hotel. The staff was professional, courteous, accessible, and accommodating. The added bonus is the Wine and Cheese hour that takes place almost every evening. It is a great way to unwind after venturing through the streets of LA. I plan to visit LA in the future and will definitely stay at the Elan again. Sincerely, JN Brooklyn, New York  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>dragonsneakers
<Content>Superb Service/Excellent Location/Extremely Clean and Friendly The Elan is a little bit of heaven when you are far from home. The night auditor (Raphael) was wonderful, and made sure that I had that fresh cup of coffee, as soon as I came down to the lobby, regardless of what time it was. Caren at the front desk arranged a dinner reservation with the finishing touch of delivering directions for the restaurant, and having the wait staff at the restaurant, bring us a glass of champagne at the end of our meal. Brian, Omar, Effrain, the sales rep. Simply wonderful people as each brought something special to the stay. The valet (Effrain) went out of his way to make our lives and parking issues a minor thought, and even offered to drive us to the restaurant for our dinner reservation.Overall, this hotel is excellent, reasonably priced, and filled with an extremely competent and friendly staff. They go out of their way to ensure that every guests needs have been met. The daily wine and cheese tasting, brings hotel guests together making this hotel feel as though you are visiting friends rather than being at a hotel. Although smaller than the large chains, this hotel is immaculately clean, and rivals the larger chains in customer service. An absolute gem in Boutique Hotels!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ravyn007
<Content>Elan is a lovely hotel It doesn't get much better than the Elan hotel as far as prices and quality of the hotel itself. Since the Elan does not have a pool (something that is quite common for LA hotels), it is a bit cheaper than other hotels in the same class but don't be fooled by price. The Elan is elegant, the rooms have ample space, flat screen TVs, and are nicely decorated. The hotel is small (I believe it's two floors total) and provides complimentary wine tasting every night between 5 and 6 PM. The hotel also provides complimentary buffet-style breakfast until 10:30 AM. There is no restaurant within the hotel but who needs one when you have all of LA's great restaurants from which to choose?!It doesn't have the view that a tall, high rise, hotel would have but it is a lovely place to stay while in LA. Centrally located in a very nice neighborhood which is more residential than the busiest part of LA (closer to Hollywood Blvd.). I would recommend this hotel to anyone. We rented a car (and drove up the coast from LA). The staff is very friendly, accommodating, and professional.Some things you should know about the hotel before booking:- The Elan is not within walking distance of Hollywood Blvd. You will have to drive about 10 miles or grab a cab for that but a lot of nice things are within walking distance of the hotel itself. - Try the Urth Cafe right around the corner for a quick, healthy, but yummy meal and a fabulous iced, blended bubble tea or coffee!- If you have a car, you can park it under the hotel for approximately $19 a day. The valet staff is available 24 hours a day and were both courteous and friendly.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kkarundia
<Content>Great Service!!!! We chose Hotel Elan based on various reviews we read on trip advisor. We had managed our expectations before we checked into the hotel. However, don't get fooled by the slightly shabby exterior. The service and hotel, bioth are very nice and homely. THe hotel is centrally located next to the beverly centre. Sunset Blvd, Farmers market are either walking or US$10-15 taxi ride. We did not rent a car in LA, but were surprised to note that the public transapotration is very good. There is a DASH busstop right around the corner from the hotel which takes you to Hollywood Highland for a mere 25 cents. Other good restaurants are close by too. I was particularly impressed by the level and quality of service at the hotel. Quick response, helpful concierge and free internet and wine and cheese everyday. Definatley look this hotel up next time you are in LA.One thing to be careful about is do not order from Jan's family restaurant opposite the hotel (they have an arrangement with this restaurant since they do not have room service). The food is terrible and they do not even take your order properly on the phone. Try taco bell instead. Both open till 2am everyday  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>ABC12326
<Content>Needs a bit of work A bit dissatisfied - some mistakes were somewhat corrected. Decided to give the Elan a try - am an LA native and now live on the other side of the world. The rooms are nice, soundproof to outside noise, great location, free WiFi, however I had decided to use valet parking-when I went to retrieve my car (after 25 hours in the valet) was told they'd given my rental car to someone else. Over 90 minutes went by that I spent on the phone between LAPD and rental car agency, reporting the car stolen. Coincidentally the other guests who'd taken my car arrived just then, but I felt this was a huge legal liability. The GM comped my parking (of course) and also comped one night's stay to help clear the error. This error probably won't happen again, however would not valet after that, which was a great inconvenience to have to move my car around the permit-only streets. There was also one night that the aircon was completely out (had to sleep with windows open). I wouldn't stay there again, but hopefully the management has sorted out the problems for future guests.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	2	1	4	

<Author>MartelScotland
<Content>The Elan made my holiday The Elan hotel was superb. I stayed in a few hotels in LA during my stay (I travelled from the UK) and it offered the cheapest rate and friendliest staff. Nothing was too much of a problem. A complimentary continental breakfast and wine reception in the early evening were really quite unique compared to what other hotels offer - by and large nothing complimentary. The rooms were clean and modern, with a balcony. The only downside was no pool. But the price reflects this as other hotels with a pool that don't offer as high a standard of accommodation were at least $50 a night more. Also, this makes it perfect if you are on business or simply want to make the most of the area including the fabulous beaches which are about a half hour in a taxi. The location is unrivalled, with the huge Beverly Shopping Centre a stone's throw from the hotel along with the trendy Beverly Hills restaurants like the Ivy. Thanks to the wonderful manager and staff. If I can, I will be back! Martel  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fremantlewa
<Content>Can't fault it! We spent two nights at the Elan hotel and cant recommend it enough. We had a ground floor room - just behind reception. We were worried it would be noisy but there was no problem at all with noise.We had free internet connection for our laptop - but for those without their own PC - they had one that you could use for free in the lobby.Breakfast was included - it was a light continental but that is all we needed. Some toast and juice was enough for me but they also had bagels, muffins and pastries. They had Wolfgang Puck coffee (I found it bitter but others liked it) The hotel also has complimentary wine each evening from 5 - 7pm and we found this a great way to relax and meet other guests. Overall - would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Loweprojects
<Content>Very pleasnt stay We arrived for a two day stay on the way from London to Auckland. We had a generous and friendly welcome from the proprietor and his staff. After settling in, we joined him and other guests for a glass of wine before going we went out to dinner. We already felt warm towards the hotel, but the amenities, comfortable room and great location only served to confirm our willingness to recommend this hotel for anyone seeking a short stay on the west side of LA and near to BH, Hollywood and the beach resorts. There are none of the unwanted frills of the larger corporate hotels such as gyms and business centres, but the lobby PC is free for all, our rooms was plenty large enough and well appointed, and the personal touch for everyone connected with the hotel more are all that is needed for a 100% experience.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Otown_Adrian
<Content>Clean  We enjoyed our stay however we found the room to be a bit small, bathroom counter space lacking and street noise louder than expected. Room was clean, nice balcony off room but without seating. Main lobby lounge area was sizeable and comfortable. Breakfast was plentiful and staff was always available. Great location.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>gr8mom22
<Content>Still remembering our PHENOMENAL stay! It's been almost a year since our stay at the Elan Hotel and my husband and I still talk about our time there. We had just debarked from a cruise and were headed to Wicked before we flew back home, so we wanted to be fairly close to the Pantages. We were greeted warmly and got settled in our room, only to find out we were immediately above the garage. When we mentioned that it was rather noisy, they immediately took care of it. We went out for the wine reception before we left for our show and it was delightful! The manager wasn't just sitting around, he was actively participating in making sure his guests were content. There was divine music playing as well - which turned out to be Sarah Brightman. :) Anyway - the evening was fantastic and when we checked out the next morning to head to the airport, they arranged for a special ride for us. The entire time there was memorable. The thing we appreciated the most was the intent personal touch. Finding people with a servant's heart these days is difficult...so we were absolutely thrilled!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mparis4386
<Content>Very Very VERY thin walls Hello Fellow Travelers,My only complaint about this hotel is that the walls were incredibly thin. I could even hear someone cough in the other room. For me, thin walls is a deal breaker, and I don't plan on staying at the Elan again. Other than that, the hotel was nice. Good location, nicely remodeled and the beds are comfortable. Also, they have breakfast in the mornings and a wine reception in the evenings.Cheers  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>jmansfield
<Content>Good Hotel This is the second time I have stayed at the Elan and as before, it was an enjoyable stay overall.It is far from the cheapest and the lack of pool probably doesn't help when there are hotels such as the Best Western Sunset Plaza nearby which have larger rooms and is cheaper.The staff though are an asset and are always helpful.One problem I do have, is the $19 + tax parking charge. Add to that a tip every time you get the car and it soon adds up. At the price they charge for a room, it would be nice if this were included.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>bigjaker_4
<Content>Thin Walls Could hear the rooms next door, talking, shower, and TV.But the Wine tasting in the evenings is great.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Gummie
<Content>Highly Recommended! We stayed 8 nights at the Elan and the whole experience was second to none. Freshly renovated very tastefully and reception was the best we recieved in the US, nothing was too much trouble. The room was small, but the very large bed made up for that. Great location for access to the Beverley Centre.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>superh50
<Content>Clean and Comfortable--a good pick Hotel Elan had been renovated only a few weeks before I was there so the room amenities and decorations were new and really nice. The lobby and rooms are comfortable, and the bathrooms are nice with bath products and robes. The hotel is located very close to the Beverly Center so it's easy access to great shopping. Also, I really enjoyed the fresh continental breakfast and the free wine and cheese in the evenings. Definitely a good pick if you are in LA. I actually made a video while I stayed if you want to check out the room for yourself... http://www.tripfilms.com/Travel_Video-v64484-West_Hollywood-Where_to_Stay_in_LA_The_Elan_Hotel-Video.html  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sislai
<Content>Clean, modern and friendly staff + pictures First, we booked The Elan directly with the front desk by mail from Paris. The manager assured us a nice room, and we were very pleased by our 5 night stay : - friendly staff, very helpfull, quick valet (19$), smiling, special thanks to william rabalanes ; )- nice Lobby, newly renovated, modern colors and sofas to take breakfast reading the LA Times.- fresh and complete breakfast : tea, milk, coffee, fresh orange juice, boiled eggs, fruit muffins, cereals, fruits end croissants.- the room (see our pictures!). : small, yes, but very clean and nice modern, with flat screen TV, very comfortable bed, fridge, clean tiny bathroom, AC little bit noisy outside and difficult to cut, but not really disturbing.-the neighbourhood : quiet an clean, excellent diner's JAN's just accross the street, Beverly center (not the best ) 5 minutes walk, Long's superpharm opens 24h very close.ALL in ALL : we enjoyed ELAN and will definitly go back and recommend it !  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zizoCairo
<Content>Elan Hotel, 8435 BEVERLY BLVD , Los Angeles, CA Elan Hotel, 8435 BEVERLY BLVD , Los Angeles, CAWe just arrived from Cairo, Egypt May 10, 2008. The hotel is located in Beverly Hills, have access to Hospital, restaurants, Beverly Center Shopping Mall, etc鈥?It is a boutique hotel elegant and peaceful. We preferred to stay there than going out.We were greeted with a friendly staff, incredible service; we enjoyed the rooms and its fine linen, and amenities, I felt that I am at the Ritz Carlton. The continental breakfast is a lovely spread with fruit, pastries, tea, coffee, milk, muffins, bagels, cheese, newspaper, etc鈥?br/>Afternoon wine and cheese is extraordinary and wonderful. The rate we paid is excellent and I would stay there every time I go to Los Angeles. I recommend this hotel highly.A. Salama  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jagdog
<Content>Not bad at all!!! 'Cept the AC in the room. The staff was amazing from check-in to check-out. The renovations are almost complete, and I didn't hear them working on anything during our stay. The room was decent, kinda small but had everything we needed. Flat-screen tv, fridge, mini-bar, and a comfortable bed. The only problem was the AC didn't work in the room on record-high setting days. The hall-way was really cool and they were apologetic. Apparently they don't control the AC, some outside company does. Valet was fast, parking $19/day, and they have cheese and wine in the afternoons. Great hotel for access to the Beverly Center, although I do not get what the big deal is about that place. Even my wife who loves shopping was disappointed. There were 2 floors of shopping and 4 floors of parking.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>franan
<Content>Great Service My daughter and i arrived May 12. At check in they asked if we would mind having seperate rooms as the aircon in our booked twin room was faulty. We were delighted after spending too much time together over previous 2 weeks!Every staff member was friendly, efficient, thorough and very helpful this was our 15th hotel in 2 months travelling through Europe, Canada and the US. The rooms were immaculate, the location ideal for our needs and the complimentary breakfast and evening drinks in the lounge very welcome.The staff at Elan were a standout. We and our friends will be back.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bobzelin
<Content>the negative reviews are incorrect I stayed at the Elan Hotel this April, on the first floor, right next to the construction area. Until it was daytime during the week, you could not hear ANY noise in the room - it was silent. Even during construction, the rooms were immaculate, the staff was as nice as ever (I have stayed here for the past 6 years), and breakfast was bountiful and fresh. I know that there are homeless people living in other countries in nice areas on the street, so I was surprised to see the negative comments about the homeless people. This exists in nice areas in NY, Chicago, New Orleans, and every other major US City. As for not worth the money or too expensive, I am not sure what discount website you are looking at for the West Hollywood area, but if you can find a wonderful hotel like Elan in West Hollywood for even close to their low rates, PLEASE let me know, as I search every year, and can't find anything close to their prices. The nice hotel down the block by the Beverly Center is about 3 times the price of the Elan. I am not aware of a better value in West Hollywood, than the Elan Hotel. Bob ZelinOrlando, FL.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>scribblewit
<Content>Incredible Staff! We booked this directly, got a great rate from the hotel and then, when we checked in, received an even lower rate! While we were there during the last two days of renovations, our stay was way beyond our expectations. I don't know why anyone on this site was unhappy -- and I'm really picky about hotels (ask my husband). Newly refurbished rooms were chic, spotless, comfortable. Great bathrooms. The location, half a block from the Beverly Center, couldn't have been better. We had no noise problems, felt the neighborhood was perfectly safe.Now, the staff. From the moment we pulled up until the moment we left, the staff could not have been more helpful. Not just polite. Not just efficient. But friendly, everyone from the valet parker to the front desk lady to the manager to the breakfast lady to the guy remodeling the lobby, going out of his or her way to make us comfortable. When I asked to know the color of the lobby paint, I was given the formula and a custom-made paint chip. Yikes! I felt like visiting royalty.This hotel is really a gem.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>xLillyx
<Content>Elan hotel is great! I don't know why other users are complaining so much about this hotel.It is being renovated at the moment, but our stay was absolutely pleasant. The room is not big but it's ABSOLUTELY clean (they wash the sheets every day but you have the option to decide whether you prefer them being washed every 3 days to avoid wasting a lot of water). The bathroom is clean and nice; the air conditioning is slightly noisy but nothing so dramatic to disturb your sleep! I slept absolutely fine.Breakfast is complimentary; the breakfast hall is downstairs and you have a view of the street and the sun, which was very nice and mood-lifting (as if it need to be lifted anyway: we were in Los Angeles!! :) ) The staff is all very nice and they try to help you as they can, although admittedly they don't know much :). The housekeepers are always smiling and polite.Plus the hotel is in a very very good location, Sunset Boulevard is really close (we walked there one day) not to mention the Beverly Center shopping mall which is just 5 minutes away!As for the homeless people, unfortunately they are almost everywhere in LA. Not the hotel's fault. But the area is safe anyway.I would absolutely go back to the Elan!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>sharpertravel
<Content>A big disappointment We chose the Elan from the Tripadvisor and found it to be a big disapointment. Its in need of a refurb. The ground floor rooms were being painted when we visited but the smell of paint went all through the hotel. Something was also wrong with the A/C on the first floor the rooms vibrated at certain times.The room was small by all standards and just not worth the money, its not cheap for a three star!!!!When we arrived if we had not pre booked we would have driven past its not a nice looking hotel and scruffy, plus and I know its not the hotels fault but two bums were sleeping in the next door way, which made the short walk to the Beverley centre unpleasant . Much nicer hotels at a cheaper price in the same area  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Meathman
<Content>Sleepless in Elan Stayed her for 2 nights on a 3 week tour of Cali. Booked it on the recommendations of this site (Was no. 1 in LA at the time!) and having paid over the odds for a 3 star (?) hotel was very disappointed. While the location is great for shopping and touring Hollywood the hotel itself is cheap and shoddy. The air conditiioning is the noisiest i have ever experienced. When I couldn't turn mine off I tried everything from turning the vents up to taking out the circuit board and trying to stop it myself. I rang hotel services only to be told that once the AC was on in the next room I couldn't turn it off! I'm not a light sleeper and normalluy could put up with this but when its beside your bed you can't and the reaction of the staff didn't help. It ruined our stay and for that reason would never go back to it nor recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>DP72
<Content>Would definitely go back to the Elan What a great find! I booked into the Elan because I couldn't find other accommodation in LA given it was the weekend of the academy awards. I'm really glad that I did.Staff were polite at check in and when I was checking out, the main couple of times I interacted with them.Bedroom faced onto a central courtyard and was fairly small, but adequate and with a definite boutique feel.The continental breakfast was just what was needed before heading out for the day.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	2	

<Author>kaldal
<Content>Great staff, great location Stayed here about five nights, and had a ground floor room with the view of a fence. Nice big bath, small room for US hotel, ok breakfast. Location is good, and staff was extremely polite, helpful and attentive.Complimentary wine and cheese every afternoon was the only other thing that lifted this up from ordinary.On one day the room was not cleaned, even though we were out all day. After letting the recepionist know this, we were supplied with new towels, and the housekeeping manager came to make sure it wasnt done, because the housekeeper had told it had been done... (Yes, we did leave tips).  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>A_Guy_in_Chicago
<Content>Nice Hotel, currently being renovated We stayed here for a business trip. As of February 10, 2008 the hotel was in the middle of construction to renovate it. The work is being done in a way that will not interfere with your stay. I would suggest calling the hotel directly to ask if the construction is finished.We stayed in one of the newly renovated rooms. Everything was quite comfortable. You can hear conversations in the next rooms but the noise level is not so bad. On one night there was a very loud party across the street (not at the hotel) that went until the early morning. The hotel of course is not responsible for that, and it seemed to be an exception (it only happened on one of the four nights we were there).Breakfast buffet is great. Staff is great. I couldn't make the wine and cheese from 5-7 pm but I imagine it is also quite nice.Good location for a hotel. We had a GPS in our car, which made it quite easy to explore San Francisco.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>ErnaSteve
<Content>Amazing Find Best Hotel stay imaginable. The hotel staff treats you like your in a five star resort. They doded on us from the moment we arrived to the moment we left. The valet parking staff were also amazing and ever so nice. When you arrive park in the front of the hotel in one of the green painted areas and a valet attendant will be out to assist you. We asked for a quiet room and they placed us in a room near the back of the hotel but in this court type of area. The room was not huge but totally sufficient and had a King Bed and a decorator's touch. The bathroom was amazing and had a granite counter. The air conditioning worked great as well. Every night the hotel had a wine and cheese from 5-7 p.m. What an added bonus this was. The breakfast was also plentiful and again their staff doded on us every morning. Every day the desk staff provided us with mapquest directions to our next destination and upon our return took the time to ask us about our day. The hotel is older but because of how well its decorated and kept up you would never know it. We paid $189.00 CAA rate plus parking and taxes and it was one of the best deals in the city for the quality of room and service we received. Both my husband and I would return and if your as fussy as I am about the way a room looks then this is the hotel for you - The room had a designer's touch which made it enjoyable to return each night. The Hotel is also about a block away from the Beverly Centre which we walked to no problem. Do yourself a favour though and rent a car. There is only so much you can do by foot or by taxi. To truly enjoy LA rent a car and explore.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Meyta
<Content>Great Hotel Great Location This little property makes you feel at home. Their expanded continental breakfast is stocked with very high quality food items and yummy coffee. Elan is just two blocks from Beverly Center and surrounded by lovely dining options and beautiful houses. Just down the road you can visit NBC Studios or the Farmer's Market. Bedding is of good quality with a home feel, I really enjoyed their standard turndown of hershey kisses and a handwritten note with the weather.Valet parking is super efficient and incredible polite  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>SavvyTravelers
<Content>Awesome! What an amazing hotel - tucked away in West Hollywood, you can not find a better place in LA!I stayed here for business, and found the staff to be extremely attentive, friendly, and helpful. The rooms are nicely appointed and well taken care of. Complimentary high-speed (wireless) internet throughout the hotel is a +++. Breakfast in the morning is great, complimentary wine and cheese in the evening is a perfect way to come home from a long day at work. The place is small enough to feel like home, but large enough to offer and compete with the big-dogs in the LA hotel industry.I will stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>autumnwomble
<Content>Great little hotel, especially for the Beverly Centre and the Farmer's Market.       Lovely toiletries!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FaXi73
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel Great comfortable clean room, lovely presentation of toiletteries. Bit dark because on the first floor, fantastic lactation, friendly staff, great breakfast served in nice lounge areaVery dated fitness room, would not recommend using the equipment!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>puppetshow
<Content>Great Hotel Great hotel with friendly staff. Rooms small, but well-appointed with a boutique feel. Good continental breakfast and complementary evening happy hour was enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wisborough
<Content>Comfortable beds We stayed in the Elan for 4 nights in September.It is a good and very friendly hotel with the most comfortable beds/linen we have ever encountered in such a reasonably priced hotel.The staff were universally friendly and helpful.The only major failing was the breakfast which was a bit hit or miss and eaten rather uncomfortably in the lobby with LA traffic streaming by just a window width away.If you need to be in this part of LA then we would reccomend the Elan without hesitation,and the walking distance to great shopping and eating has its advantages.However this part of LA is not the most attractive and with hindsight we would as tourists,stay in Santa Monica and do our tours/shopping from there.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deebee7
<Content>Such friendly staff We stayed here for 1 night in september. The room was a king  it was spacious enough. The staff however makes this hotel so good. They are incredably friendly! I forgot something in my room  they shipped it to another hotel for me (ok it dit not arrive but it wasn't really their fault). Efficient valet service (bit pricey though). Nice croissants at breakfast (being european we appreciated this after a week of muffins  bagels)In a whole: really nice hotel. Room was nice, staff so friendly  nice breakfast. Maybe just one minor glitch: the aircovents in our room did not close completely  we couldn't find where we could switch it off (don't think you could). So it was a cold  drafty night.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>fitz7647
<Content>Great Disappointment We stayed for 2 nights in this hotel; it is extremely central and although it is difficult to park, the valet service is extremely efficient. The staff are the saving grace of this hotel; they were exceptionally friendly and helpful but the hotel clearly believes its own publicity; we had an extremely small dark room in the well of the building, which was (we discovered at 8 a.m) next to the gym where someone was pumping iron very violently to loud music on both days! No room should be situated so close to a noisy gym. One bedside lamp didn't work but was immediately repaired; the toilet roll holder collapsed as we left.....small niggles but not good enough for the charges made. Breakfast is adequate but served in the goldfish bowl reception area which is in full sunlight. The hotel doesn;t deserve the staff it has or their commitment and friendliness,  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>inthefashionbiz
<Content>Expedia gives a horrible description of this hotel Hi There: I stayed at this hotel on a split trip for business and pleasure over the summer and was rudely suprised by the physical location of the place based on what I saw on Expedia. Although the hotel is smack dab in the heart of LA just down the street from the Beverly Center. It is FAR from Modern and for what I paid a night almost $200 a night it still gives me a burn in my belly just thinking about it. Not to mention, there is absolutely no parking around the hotel so they force you to valet. The hotel looks like its straight out of a 1960's movie in desperate need of renovation. The room was a matchbox and very nasty. We sleep in all of our clothes the first night because we could not adjust the AC and the street stunk. The bathtub was dirty and the sink was stopped up. When we requested another room the staff told us that they were completely soldout all week. Expedia wouldnt give us our money back and told us that we were on our own if we wanted to go elsewhere. The only thing that saves this hotel from me giving it complete TERRIBLE rating is that the manager and staff were extremely apologetic and accomodating understanding our concerns. We ended up getting back like $200 off the stay and some credits from Expedia after about an 1hr 30 min wait on hold. Nonetheless, Joel Majors and the entire staff at Elan Hotel Modern were very nice. I hope that the owners read this review and invest into upgrading the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	4	2	

<Author>mlbc
<Content>Would definately stay here again. Loved it We had read the great reviews and not knowing where to stay in LA, we thought we'd book the Elan. We are so glad we did. I loved the hotel. The staff were fantastic, it was convenient to the Beverly Centre and not too long a walk to the Farmers Market. We were also able to get the 25 cent bus at the end of the road to Hollywood Blvd. We were impressed with our lovely room, the bathrobe, toiletries and the breakfast was an added bonus. There was everything you could need for breakfast (as my husband and I don't do greasy food) and you could have as much as you wanted. Although we were never there for the wine reception, it was great to know that it was available. The staff really couldn't have been more helpful as we needed 25 cent for the bus one day and they were going to give it to us. There was a little conufsion on our return home as our credit card had been billed a nominal amount but I contacted the hotel and it was refunded immediately. I really couldn't recommend this hotel enough. I have to say, the views didn't bother me at all - I'd much rather have a great standard of hotel. After all, how much of your time do you actually spend in the hotel?  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dnbrownmd
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location We recently spent a week in Los Angeles at the Elan. It is very conveniently located about a block from the Beverly Center. It is proximate to all the tourist sites we were interested in visiting. Customer service was top notch - very friendly and accommodating. There is a decent breakfast every morning. (Great - strong - coffee and croissants) included in the cost of the stay. Parking is valet and costs 19 dollars per day though the site said 16 dollars per day. There is metered parking adjacent to the hotel. We decided to forego the valet parking and just fed the meters during the times they were monitored (8 am to 6 pm, M-F). The rooms were clean. The bed was very comfortable and the sheets were great. Rooms are a little on the small side. The building is a bit old and it shows. She's like an old gal with fresh make up. Overall, this is a solid hotel and we had a comfortable week stay with a reasonable rate.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Jessib
<Content>Absolutley perfect!       Absolutley perfect!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>PWR
<Content>Great atmosphere and helpful staff We spent 4 nights at the Elan (end of July beginning of August) having booked based on trip advisor reviews and the details on the hotel website. We were not disappointed. The hotel was comfortable and clean, and breakfast more than adequate. Although we didn't think we would be there for the complimentary wine in the evenings as things worked out we were and enjoyed relaxing with a glass of wine and snacks and conversation with other guests before going for the evening. The atmosphere of the hotel is very relaxed and the staff were very helpful. It's a good location not too far from Hollywood and within easy walking distance of the Beverly centre. Just one minor flaw. We had the room next to the gym and if you are unlucky enough the have guests who like to use the treadmill at 7 a.m. you wont be able to sleep late. Fortunately that didn't happen everyday.Italian restaurant a few blocks along the street is very good.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>meshu24
<Content>Great Staff!! The hotel staff was definately the best part of our stay. When we arrived, there was a misunderstanding about the days  events we were booked for. The staff took it upon themselves to correct the situation, and actually gave us tickets to the modern art museum as an apology. At a large hiotel, you would almost never get that kind of personal attention.The room was clean, but the walls are very thin, and I could hear the television next door - not a really big deal though since we were gone most of the day.The continental breakfast is good, and the diner across the street where you order room service from is GREAT!! It is definately the most affordable food in L.A. and the hotel staff even puts it on a tray with real silverware (not plastic) and brings it up to you. The portions are huge too - enough to share.The only negative was that there is only valet parking, and since the hotel is on a busy street, you need to pull up right in front of the hotel, so sometimes we had to go around the block. We will definately go back to the Elan!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Rfangirl
<Content>Clean, nice but not posh Clean, nice but not poshProsLocation, nice staff, valet, clean rooms, good bath products.ConsLoud elevator, overlooked goodwill donation and taco bell.Full ReviewThe Elan Modern is a nice hotel, not as posh as the photos may make it seem. It is a good deal for the location 2 blocks from the Beverly Center. No swimming pool, bar or restaurant, although you can order from diner across the street. We drove to the Farmers Market for meals a few times. Bfast buffet not too exciting, cereal, bagels, juice.The staff was nice, the valet service very fast. We did have to move our room - it got very hot on 2 afternoons so they moved us. There are only 2 floors so it is nice to get in and out to your room. The elevator made a lot of noise.We drove to several studios, up Mullholland, to Hollywood Blvd, and for our four days everything was pretty close.If you want a very high end LA experience, this isn't your hotel. But a good value, clean room and nice staff makes me recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>rdy2g0
<Content>Give it a try............. My daughter  I stayed here from Aug. 4 - 9, and thought it was a very nice hotel and we felt quite safe in the neighborhood. Didn't want to pay fancy hotel prices because we figured we wouldn't be sitting in a hotel all day. Yes, there are homeless but they do not bother you at all. We walked around alot and it is a very convenient location. Would definitely stay here again. We didn't want to rent a car, so we took the metro bus to a few places (1.25), the dash bus, (.25) and the subway to Universal Studios (1.50). Very easy to get around and a great starting point. Room 216 was very quiet and friendly room staff. Breakfast was good  fresh every morning. Wine  cheese a good snack. The one negative was the Wolfgang Puck coffee they serve. Worst coffee I have ever tasted. Also, room key card kept getting disconnected.But, over all, good value.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>MissElainey
<Content>This is a gem of a hotel! Please never chane We have just returned from a fantastic 4 night stay at the Elan in Los Angeles. Yes it is a former retirement home, yes it does look out on a diner (which does a great omlet, and is full of charm) a goodwill and a Taco Bell. But if that's the worst thing it ain't so bad.The staff are terriffic, they can't do enough for you. We arrived early for check in and no problem. The wine and cheese hours basically can go on until the bottles are finished.The rooms are compact but clean well maintained and quiet. And they have fabulous pillows and excellent quality bed sheets!!There is a fast internet connection in the business center.There are several excellent resaurants nearby Pastis a gorgeous french bistro just 5 min up the road.I was told by one of the staff members the hotel has just been bought, I hope they will not change the winning formula of the Elan Modern. They are number one, the way things are done now is obviously working for them.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>waverider
<Content>Service with a smile! Recently stayed for 3 nights at Elan and felt like we were leaving friends when we left. Staff was kind, helpful, and gracious. Agree with previous posters in that looking out across to Taco Bell or Goodwill was not thrilling while sipping our free wine or eating the above average continental breakfast -(Thrilled to have a hard boiled egg, granola choices, fresh fruit, yogurt, bagels, good pastries,etc. to choose from that kept us filled until lunch.) Negatives- The room was small, had an overpriced honor bar,(which was kindly removed when asked so we wouldn't be tempted,) no microwave,nor vent in the bathroom,the walls are not soundproofed so we did hear neighbors showering and muffled conversation in the morning, and the cost for valet parking was $19.50 a night! But being on a tight budget and hating to pay for parking, I parked on the side street (Croft) each night when we returned from our siteseeing, put a few quarters in the meter, then parking was free until 8 am when I put a few more in until we headed out for the day. The valet was so friendly we chatted every day and I apologized for not using his services. He was nice enough that he actually looked out for my car and checked the meter to make sure I was on top of it. Loved walking down Croft and other residental streets in the neighborhood to enjoy the Spanish architecture. Cheap eats  fun shopping at the Beverly Center 1 block away. Location was central to all we did and comfortable to return to.. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itsmemick
<Content>Nice...Nice...Nice...We'll Return... We are so glad we listened to all the wonderful reviews. Yes...a 2 story hotel can be very nice...we had our doubts... Imaculate...extra friendly helpful employees...wine hours...breakfast...and a great price and location. Don't forget to visit the diner across the street...certainly not a typical diner...Bloomies...P.F.Chengs Chinese a block away...a BIG mall with everything...a wonderful unexpected wonderful location. We WILL be back...we are so glad we listened to the desk clerk recommendation our last night there...a TERRIFIC romatic (in the rear garden) Italian restaurant....just terrific...a few tables away was Billy D. Williams...if you remember the name...this was our last stop on a San Francisco to L.A. No complaints.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>davcat
<Content>Good but..... I was quite excited about staying at the Elan after reading the reviews here and overall our stay was good. The room was lovely, clean and very well equipped for our needs. The staff are very good and were quite informative. Really enjoyed the complimentary breakfast, more than sufficient for a day's siteseeing. The cheese/wine in the evenings was also very good, nice touches. However, we did leave a little disappointed. After our arrival, one of the Desk Clerks asked us had we plans to attend a show while in LA, he recommeded either Jersey Boys or Wicked, we opted for Jersey Boys as it's not due in Europe until 2008. He said he could get tickets for $115 which we thought was quite alot but he assured us they were good tickets, so we went ahead. With booking fee etc. the total at $245. When we got to the theatre we were very upset to see our $115 tickets actually had a face value of $60 so we paid $110 over the odds (not something we would never, ever do), we felt quite done. Taxis each way were $40 plus tips so overall an expensive night. We edmention it to the desk clerk when we returned that evening and he did apologise, however, they should tell guests they are booking with an agent and that the tickets will be inflated in price in future. It made us wonder whether the hotel have a deal going with the booking agent......... So be warned, book your own tickets or check the face value of the tickets before you buy. The above dosen't take from the cleanliness etc of the hotel, as for location, it's as good as any especially when you have a car.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EPH04
<Content>Service is why there are so many great reviews. After staying at the Elan Modern, it's very easy to see why the hotel's reviews are so high. What sets this property apart from so many other hotels is the amazing service of its staff. Few places I have stayed have rivaled the front desk/concierge service of the Elan. (Note: The Elan doesn't really have room service; they can provide it from the diner across the street.) The Elan's front desk/concierge staff's service easily reminded me of several Four Seasons.During my stay, the front desk/concierge staff went above and beyond to provide information and directions about local sights and restaurants. They volunteered to print out personalized driving directions and explained how to (try to) avoid the LA rush hour. Most amazing, however, was after checking out and getting directions to the airport, the one of the front desk/concierge staff gave me his business card and said to please call the hotel if I got lost, stuck in traffic, or needed further assistance on my way. Few hotels care enough about their guests to offer to assist them after they have left and paid their bill.Our room (111) was small, but nice and clean. As it was below street level, it had no view whatsoever, but overall we were pretty happy with it.The worst part about the Elan is that the neighborhood isn't that great. Across the street is a Taco Bell and a Goodwill store and next door to the hotel is a car tire shop. Excluding the massive Beverly Center mall a few blocks away, there really aren't any good restaurants, coffee shops, or anything else of interest nearby the hotel. Fortunately, however, the sights of Beverly Hills, Melrose, Hollywood, and other, better LA neighborhoods aren't too far away (relatively speaking).If the Elan was only in a better neighborhood, it would be a perfect place to stay!  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	5	5	4	

<Author>scaper4782
<Content>Surprisingly great! I stayed at the Elan Modern Hotel based on the reviews from the tripadvisor.I was extending my conference-stay in L.A. for a couple of days and staying on my own, wanted a good and safe hotel. I booked via booking.com and bought also a 3-day Go LA Card - pays you back twice if you want to see the main touristic attractions and do not have many days for that. When I arrived at the hotel, it was nice and very clean, staff very pleasant. Walking through the corridor I was asking myself why this hotel was rated nr.1 in such a city as L.A. There was nothing wrong, but I was not so much impressed. But then after the porter, who was helping me with my suitcase closed the door, I found myself in a spotlessly elegant room, where every detail was though of! The AC was perfect, fridge full of soft drinks and also some wine and beer, big TV with up to 20 channels plus a VCR, plus a choice of some very good films to get from the reception. For a woman a provided good iron was a must. Great bathroom with a bath-tube, nice toiletries, a bathrobe, thick towels of all sizes. Every evening when I came to the room, a small lamp was on, a few chocolate bonbons with a wish of a good sleep and a weather forecast for the next day on the bed, that was a very nice homely touch. WiFi was included in the price of the room. Breakfast was very good although basic - yoghurt, cereals, fresh bagels, marmalade, boiled eggs, great coffee, some fruits. The concierge was truly amiable and helpful every day with my questions about the best way to get there and there.., they were absolutely amazing. The hotel is very close to the shopping mall - Beverly Center. The area is ok, safe. It is in West Hollywood. Overall I had a perfect stay in the Elan Hotel, for three stars is is exceptional. I would advise it to my friends.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>holidaygalFalkirk
<Content>Great Value This is a terrific hotel close to the Beverly Centre. The hotel staff were very helpful. We really enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the cheese and wine reception at night. We ate a couple of times at Jan's restaurant across the road and this was great value for money. The Elan is a super hotel with excellent staff and offers great value for money.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>The_hodge
<Content>A Pleasant Stay With Very Friendly and Helpful Staff I stayed in the Elan hotel with my girlfried at the end of April 07, based on the reviews on trip advisor. The location of the hotel is good (not too far from either Beverly Hills or Hollywood - though I wouldn't recommend walking), the staff are some of the best (if not the best) I've come across and the room was a decent size. It also had nice little touches like leaving chocolates on your pillow and putting classical music on after your room had been cleaned.However, the hotel perhaps isn't quite as great as some people seem to be making out and isn't too special. For example, it doesn't have a resturant and the food they can order for you (from the cafe over the road) leaves something to be desired.Overall though a good stay and somewhere I would certainly recommend!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>momonthegoe
<Content>Close to The Grove, but not the best choice for American Girl Place visitors My 9-year old daughter and I recently stayed at The Elan for a special trip for her to visit American Girl Place at The Grove mall in LA. The location couldn't have been better, but the walls in this hotel are paper thin...the late night conversations of our neighbors may as well have been ours, too. Our first-floor room had a sliding glass door to an alley, and made me a little unconfortable when i could hear outside conversations. The staff is very friendly, the breakfast is nice, the rooms were clean and well-appointed.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>Mills05
<Content>Why is this rated so well? We stayed here for 2 nights recently. The staff was friendly,,.but there were only 3 people working..a front desk person, a valet ($16 a day) and a cleaning person. After reading the reviews on here, I had expected much more. This hotel is basically a small older motel that has been smartly interior designed to be hip. Our room was poorly ventilated, stuffy and smelled like paint. It was described as a king but only had a Full-sized bed in it. The hotel itself is located across the street from a Taco Bell and a Salvation Army...hardly the Beverly Hills experience. It also did not have a pool, a bar or any of the other upscale ammenities you'd expect in this area. Stay at the Roosevelt or the Sunset Tower instead for a real L.A. experience. They have the palm trees, staff, pools, bars, and the views that you'd expect for this price range in this area.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>greenwoodkody
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Stayed at the Elan the weekend of June 8-9, 2007. My employer usually uses Le Meridien, which is around the corner on La Cienega, but it closed on the 9th for a long renovation. Sofitel just up the street was too expensive.The Elan lived up to the promises made on its Web site. It is a clean, simple, small property in a fabulous location. I walked to WeHo nightlife, breakfast and shopping on 3rd Street, dinner, and shopping at the Beverly Center. In fact, I valet parked my car at 5 p.m. on Friday and had no need to drive again until 2 p.m. on Saturday---very unusual for L.A.!I stayed in room 209 which is on the street side, southwest corner. I recommend the room unless you are super-sensitive to street noise, as it had its own private balcony. Views weren't great, but from one corner of the balcony I could see the Hollywood Hills. Directly across the street was a Taco Bell and a Goodwill Store; to the west, Macy's and Bloomingdale's were so close, you could practically throw a baseball and hit the side of their building.Room itself was fairly spare but had everything one would need, and it was very clean. Modern, well-appointed, nice carpeting, good furniture, good bed, nice linens, and a clean bathroom with good quality soaps and shampoos. Honor bar. FREE wireless internet. Yes, FREE. You don't get that in the fancy places!I got a rate of $169/night through my corporate travel agent, which beat the hotel's own Web site by $20/night. Valet parking was $16/night, which isn't cheap but not bad, really. There are nearby meters and when I did use my car, I sometimes parked at a meter rather than go through the whole valet drop-off procedure. Not to worry, though: when you call for your car, it's usually curbside within three minutes; the garage is under the building.There aren't many amenties on-site, but, really, who cares? You can walk to shopping, restaurants, nightlife, etc. There's a very small fitness center with 3 or 4 treadmills and stair machines. But it's L.A., for goodness sake, so if you want to go running, you just hit the streets. (Actually, I recommend visiting Runyon Canyon Park for a fun hike/run and incredible views of the L.A. city basin; about a 10 or 15 minute drive from the hotel.)Room rate includes continental breakfast in the lobby. This was really quite decent: cereals, pastries, fresh fruit, yogurt, juices, coffee/tea. What more do you need? Plenty of tables and seating areas, with views onto Beverly Blvd., where you can eat. Also some seating on patio.There is a small business center room with a computer and printer, where I printed out my boarding pass for flight home, plus a small conference table. Nothing fancy, but if you needed to have a little business meeting with a few associates, it would be fine.Staff were uniformly pleasant, cheerful, helpful, from the valet/doorman guy to the desk clerk to the maids. No complaints there.One thing I was puzzled about was what the views are from the rooms that are on the inner corridor. As I mentioned, I was in a room on the exterior of the building, on a corner, but the hallway went in a full rectangle, so the inner rooms must look out onto some sort of courtyard or something. I would ask for a room onto the back alley or onto the street, myself. Again, I highly recommend room 209, as it's a corner room with balcony.So often you book a room at a hotel that looks kinda cool on the Web site, and then you get there only to have your expectations not met and your hopes dashed. The Elan was a pleasant surprise. Keep your expectations realistic (this ain't the Four Seasons, folks), and you'll be happy. Need nightlife? Lots nearby, and apparently the bar at the aforementioned Sofitel, a 3-minute walk, has quite the scene.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Flaze
<Content>Perfect location Elan hotel is near Beverly Hills, Hollywood, Melrose, etc. Don't need to get on interstate to get there from airport. Nice hotel, great service. Ask for a quiet roon as the hotel is on a busy street. Will definately return.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WYJetlag
<Content>Super service We had a very nice 2 night stay at the Elan. Room was nice (love the balcony). The important part for me was the service. They had a list of recommended restaurants (mapped out would have been great), which is always nice. In addition, I accidentally left something at the hotel.After contacting the manager, he shipped it to me that day, and it arrived the next. Terrific service!  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glynnhesel
<Content>Great place for a stopover in LA My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three nights in April 2007 en route home from Hawaii. We found the rooms reasonably spacious, very clean and well equipped including free use of room safe. We did experience some room to room noise transmission but it was not obtrusive (I guess neighbours in hotels are the luck of the draw!). The lobby/ breakfast area is in need of some refurbishment and was in the process of being painted during our stay.We found the location very good as we wanted to do some shopping. The Beverly Centre (5 mins) and The Grove Centre (20 mins) walk away provided a good cross section of stores. There is also a Farmers Market near the Grove Centre which is a great (and inexpensive) place for lunch. The staff at the Hotel were very friendly and helpful and the internet access was most useful for checking in online for our flight home. We would stay here again when transiting through Los Angeles  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CorySGFA
<Content>Magical Definitely a place to visit. Los Angeles has many hotels and it is difficult to find a good choice. If you are looking to have some fun and stay at a nice stylish hotel, then this is the place to be.Make sure you book one of the rooms in the higher floors since they tend to be less loud than the lower floor ones.Also, there is a great cafe around the corner called Delouge in which the Hotel Staff can get you great reservations.Finally, the bar scene is to die for. Definitely LA's best are found here.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missminivan
<Content>Nice stay, but number 1? My Husband and I stayed here for 2 nights whilst in transit to Canada for a ski holiday based on reviews here. Whilst I agree that it is good value for money compared to other hotels in the area, I am a little suprised that it still rates up there at No 1. I guess this is probably more of a value rating than anything else . The room we had the first night we arrived was unfortunately right next to the foyer/breakfast area and after a long flight from Sydney we were a bit annoyed at the noisey clatter outside our door from 5.30 in the morning. Having said this we did request to be moved the following night and this was done with absolutely no fuss at all. As all other travellers have said the staff are great, the rooms are clean and relatively spacious and the location is pretty good. The complimentary drinks at night is a lovely gesture but I can't vouch for the breakfast as we cose to dine at the nearby farmers markets.This is a great hotel if you are just looking for somewhere to rest the head but does not offer much else in the way of facilities if you want to hang out at the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kiwiboarder
<Content>Good location but not perfect Overall it was a good stay. Location is good being just down the road from Beverly center was a blessing for cheap,good food court food as theres not much in the immediate vicinity that catered to our tastes (steak)certainly woundnt recommend eating directly across the road, was rubbish...cant remeber the name.Also pretty close to airpost and a quick/easy drive from the airport car rental outlets.Also felt safe walking around this area and easy bus access from outside the Beverly center to all the major LA attractions.Highly recommend using the bus service, cheap at $3 a day pass and it got us eveywhere we wanted to go, from Universal to Knottsberry, staples center, etc. Just go to their metro website, print out the buses you need to catch (and make sure you print return info also) and your golden. Free internet and printing in the hotel was great for doing this.Only real criticism about the hotel where the extremely thin walls, we had some noisy neighbours on both sides and its pretty bad. Some muffled noises I can put up with but being able to hear every word as if they were in bed next to you isnt acceptable for a hotel in this price range. Definately pack your ear plugs!Other than that, room was good size and had a safe, price was reasonable from the research we did before booking but in the grand scheme of things certainly not cheap.Staff were good, friendly and helpful.The breakfast was good too. Definately easy to start the day this way than having to find somewhere to eat.So overall a good place, if they insulated the walls I would say a great place to stay.One other thing I'll mention here because I can't find place to do so is if your using Alamo beware! We dropped off our rental car after a few days (when we switched to public transport mentioned above) and when we asked for a taxi from Alamo to get back to the hotel, they said they would call us one.About 1/2 hr later a guy turns up and says he will take us and another lady to our destinations. Clearly just a friend of one of the Alamo employees and not a registerd taxi, thought this could work in our favour but after taking us completely the wrong way he decided then would be good time to talk about the price, about 3 times what it should have been! told him [--] and (after drinving for over an hour for what should have only been a 15 minute drive). Finally got there and paid him what I thought he deserved. We gort away OK becuase we had some background knowledge but I hate to think how many people hes ripped off. If your using Alamo (which I wouldnt again) make sure its a registered taxi or call them yourself!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ncalad
<Content>A great find This is a great little hotel in an idean spot. The rooms are tastefully decorated and clean. I've stayed here a half dozen times now. There is a nice continental breakfast every morning too.I definitely recommend the Elan.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mellybelle
<Content>Loved it       Room  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaryfromBoston
<Content>Alas, wine no longer served at the wine Contrary to the earlier reviews, wine wasn't served at the late afternoon reception. For breakfast, the almond croissants and blueberry muffins are terrific. Alas, no cream cheese or butter for the bagels. There's only one computer in the business center so you may have to wait .. but it's free. Was able to street-park at low cost on Croft Street (the hotel is on the corner of Croft) -- two-hour meters from 8 AM to 6 PM for $2/2hours, free overnight. Room was decent - I asked for a quiet room and it was. Had a tiny (too narrow for a chair) balcony over-looking an interior courtyard and other balconies/rooms - not very appealing.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Bontaks
<Content>Excellent staff Completely agree with previous review. Staff were amazing and couldn't do enough for you. The breakfast was perfect for those not interested in the full on bacon and eggs deal - lots of cereal choices, bagels, pastries, juice, coffee, fruit, different breads, boiled eggs, yogurt... Plenty really. Comfortable beds. Good location for a lot of central things. Would recommend hiring a car - we didn't, expecting to rely on public transport and wasted money on cabs. Will know better next time.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sfdancer
<Content>A great little hotel has everything you really need.... If you need a hotel with a swimming pool or a restaurant, then continue to spend $300, $400, or $500 +, for those surrounding. If you鈥檙e looking for a great boutique hotel with great rooms and superb staff, you need look no further than the Elan. I would suggest going to their website for the best pricing. You won鈥檛 be sorry that you chose the Elan hotel.PS: The included continental breakfast and the free wine in the evening added greatly to my stay.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Valerie1965
<Content>Clean, Great Location...Bring your ear plugs Nice clean hotel. Free wine and cheese in the evening is a real bonus! We drank our wine and some comfy chairs looking out the huge glass windows. This hotel is on a busy street. The walls are thin...so bring ear plugs!!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pnmdotcom
<Content>Staff, Staff, Staff Staff, staff, staff is what this hotel is all about. Can't praise them highly enough. Very friendly and efficient, anything you need they will get. Room was very clean and spacious, but the queen bed did feel rather small and cramped. Nice location for restaurants, farmer's market, Grove centre and the usual touristy things associated with Hollywood and Beverly Hills. Nice touch with the cheese and wine in the evening whilst watching the world pass by on Beverly Boulevard. Continental breakfast ample for a good, healthy start to the day. Understand that later in the year some of the facilities will be upgraded, including the provision of flat screen TVs.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edmund44
<Content>Nice Little Gem A great find, centrally located, with some key perks. The daily continental breakfast is ample, and served in a comfy, well-lit main lobby with great windows on Beverly Blvd. An even better perk is the afternoon wine and cheese. The vintages aren't fantastic, but it's a refreshing, relaxing treat after a day at the beach and such.The rooms are small but clean and well maintained. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>worthington
<Content>Great little hotel The Elan is a great little hotel. We chose the Elan for our four-night stay based on Trip Advisor reviews and we were not disappointed. The rooms are modern and comfortable, the staff is great, and the complimentary breakfast is more than adequate. The location is within walking distance to the Beverly Center (mall) and good restaurants (including Koi). I wish every city I visited had a comparable property that was as well-priced and welcoming as the Elan!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kmfitzgerald
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel in LA! We spent last week at the Elan Hotel Modern and thoroughly loved the place! All of the glowing comments we read before our trip proved to be true. Getting to the hotel and back from the airport was easy-breezy. Our double-bed room was spacious and extremely comfortable. We loved everything about the hotel, but especially the people who work there. They were all so friendly, helpful, and knowledgeable about the LA area. The location was convenient for food, drug store, shopping, and tourist destinations. We will definitely be back soon!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>funshine2
<Content>Great Relaxing for Busy City From the moment we walked in the door we were greeted with warm enthusiam. It is an older hotel but very modern. The colors, and fixtures and linens, carpet, were all new and extremely clean. I have stayed at some Sheratons and Hyatts that may have some mold around the tiles/shower, (pet pieve) but not a speck to be found here!!!They have floor to ceiling windows in a spacious lobby with several cozy chairs where you can enjoy the nice continnental breakfast or especially the complimentary wine and cheese, crackers, pretzels, nuts at 5:00 p.m. all while the jazz music and the outside nighttime lights of Beverly Blvd. slows you down and rejuvenates you before going out. The hotel staff are quite knowledgable about the area and are eager to assist with directions and recommendations. They were happy people and it was a pleasure staying there.Also it is an excellant central location for so many attractions. We went to a play at the Pantages and shopping at various areas and Santa Monica and more and all were not far. Definately stay here again!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>matt_hosk
<Content>Simply the Best ..... So you're booking a trip through the internet? Suffering from information overload? Relax....your hotel in L.A. is sorted.The Elan Hotel Modern is unique. Most importantly, it's outstanding value for money. Comfortable bedrooms with great touches like a turn down service where they leave you chocolates and switch on your radio to classical music. A better than adaquate continental breakfast. The most efficient valet parking in the world [well, my world anyway!]. And a great front desk [I booked an alarm call one morning, on returning late at night, they remembered and asked if I wanted to rebook for the following morning]. There is useful information about sight seeing and restaurants in the rooms. The weekday evening cheese and wine is great, as is the computer with free internet access.There is a diner across the road, a 24 hour drug store and plenty of restaurants a short distance away. We felt very safe walking.Los Angeles is a large sprawling impersonal city. Come home each evening to a welcoming, friendly and well run oasis. Come home to the Elan Hotel Modern.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MissChrisCentralPA
<Content>A great hotel bargain We have stayed at the Elan about 6 times during the last 2 years. Our daughter lives in the area and we have experimented with other properties close by (Sofitel and LeMeridien). When we found the Elan, we stayed with it! We like that it is NOT a chain. The service people are friendly and the ambience is a bit different from other places. It is small (about 50 rooms) and only two floors, consequently, no lines for elevators or to access our car.A straight shot from the airport (on LaCienega) it is convenient to get to and to get around to Beverly Hills, Hollywood, Miracle Mile, etc., without getting on an freeway. There is a convenient buffet breakfast and access to the internet. I do not think this place is for heavy-duty business travelers nor does it seem to attract them. For those of us who are there for vacation, it's nice not to have those work-type intrusions.My one criticism is that some of the rooms are looking a bit tired. I have heard that a refurbishing is planned, so you may want to check on that.I just came on the website to check about the Orlando which is another boutique hotel in the same area; however, given the cost of that hotel (~$100 more per night) and the guest reactions, I am staying with the Elan.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>huguetje
<Content>good location, clean and friendly personnel We stayed twice in the hotel. First in December on our way to Argentina and then returning from Argentina in january.The rooms were clean and good size.The location is wonderful.I can recommend a very good Italian restaurant in Beverly Hills which is Da Pasquale and not so far from the hotel.I can also recommend to ask the hotel to make a reservation for a rent-a-car when you arrive in the airport. It is much cheaper than a taxi ! We paid only 53 dollar for 1 day. Service was perfect.I only would love to see the breakfast a little extensive.The internet service is perfect and for free.A place to go back when we are in LA.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JustMarriedWtgn
<Content>Would recommend to anyone! We stayed at the Elan for our honeymoon trip to the US. We loved it.- Close to markets, shops, Sunset strip, restaurants- Friendly, polite, knowledgable staff- Value for money- Rooms fantastic, good space, immaculate condition- Try the Brazilian restaurant up the road (20 mins walk) as recommended by the Reception staff, expensive, but worth it!.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bewoodsy
<Content>Really friendly staff On first impression this hotel looks like a store, it has large windows that look directly onto the four lane road and as it blends into the other buildings in the area it is easily missed.Once inside you have an impression of a retro hotel of the 60's where the one main room doubles for a lounge/breakfast/buffet area. My one complaint regarding this room is that it has no blinds. This causes a problem in the morning when the sun shines directly into your eyes while you eat breakfast. In the evening when they serve a brilliant free cheese and wine buffet you can still be viewed from the road. I found it a little too open for comfort.......consider blinds please!We stayed there on two separate occassions, both times the rooms were clean and tidy, although if you are allocated room number 229 try not to sleep in the bed near the window, as the air condition via the vent is directed to the head. I had to sleep with a towel on my head to prevent it from freezing. (I did try to alter the airconditioning but it then became too hot).The situation of this hotel is magnificent, it is in the centre of all the tourist haunts, and the hotel will arrange trips for you on request.The General Manager Leon was brilliant and along with the other staff made our trip much more pleasurable.I would definately recommed this hotel to other tourists.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boomertraveller
<Content>Here are the special advantages of this hotel Hi everyone,We stayed at the Elan for four nights early in January 2007, and for three nights in mid-December 2006. In between these stays, we were holidaying in other US locations. We were visiting the US for a vacation and are Australians. We've been to LA several times before so sightseeing in LA was not a priority. Rather, relaxing and having fun in Beverly Hills was our objective.This hotel was therefore located well for us, being very close to the Beverly Center mall and close to the hip shopping streets of Beverly Hills - eg, Robertson Boulevard, and Melrose. A downside to the location is that Beverly Boulevard (in the direction away from the Beverly Center) is sometimes a little seedy: There were some suspicious characters hanging around in the street but they did not appear dangerous (but what do I know?).There are plenty of good restaurants nearby. However, our favourite restaurant is, in fact, a diner (!!) right opposite the Elan. It is called Jan's coffee house. It has wonderful food and if you use Google you will find out quickly that it is a traditional US diner. The customers are locals and either baby boomers or older seniors. It is popular and noisy but in a fun way. The Elan delivers meals from Jan's if you request room service. A menu from Jan's is in each room.We didn't take great advantage of the free Elan morning buffet (which was fine) as we liked the bigger breakfasts (many types of omelettes and other all day breakfast dishes) and coffee (which some on the internet rate as LA's best coffee!) at Jan's. However, my husband brought up coffee and fruit juice from the buffet to get us started, first thing each morning.At the end of each day, the complimentary wine and cheese was a great wind down / wind up. The usual idiot talking loudly on his cell phone to all his great clients threatened to spoil one such occasion. What can you do? These idiots are everywhere nowadays (sigh).The room and bathroom were spotlessly clean and comfortable, and all the electrical appliances worked well. Daily room service was unobtrusive and meticulous. Beds were comfy. Airconditioning was a little temperamental, but that may have been our lack of skill. The elevator was satisfactory but could use a clean. (If staff are reading this, I am sure they will immediately clean it!) We had a small balcony outside our room. We liked our room overlooking Beverly Boulevard as you feel part of the city and it really comes alive at dawn with traffic. (You can request a quieter room not overlooking the boulevard if you prefer. )What sets this hotel apart from others, however, is the superior service provided at the front desk. Eg: Every time we came close to entering the front glass doors, a man ran to open them for us and greeted us with a friendly smile. The staff were genuinely interested in where we were from, what we planned to do for the day, and any particular requests we had. Yet they did not once become nosy. They know exactly where to draw the line. Also, every complaint we made (and yes, we did have a few minor ones such as asking for a tradesman to stop cleaning a carpet in a nearby room with a noisy machine while we were in our room) was answered with an apology and immediate attention and resolution of our complaint. Eg: When we rejected a Beverly Hills cab that they had called because a horribly scruffy, dirty looking man alighted from the taxi (he was the driver!!!) they called us another cab immediately and apologised. They did not criticise us for not caring about a scruffy cab driver or refusing to accept the cab. When the scruffy cab driver came into the lobby to ask where the passengers were, I heard the desk clerk say, They (meaning us) changed their mind. He was pretty smooth!On our second stay in January we rented a car at the airport and the valet parking was perfect. We tipped every now and again and when we didn't tip (due to rushing) the man was still just as nice to us. The man who carried our bags to our room on arrival and from our room on departure was quick and attentive, and competent. Our bed was turned down each evening and the radio was on playing soothing music. There were small chocolates left on the bed for us each evening and a printed note relaying the next day's weather forecast. I had my laptop with me and so used the free wifi access which worked well. There was other internet access available for guests.The front desk staff will go to any lengths to help the guests with requests or complaints. The staff seem to really enjoy being in the hospitality game.Both my husband and I recommend this place highly for the superior front desk service and great location! We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Vic888
<Content>LOCATION LOCATION We stayed here for 7 nights based on reviews on our vaction from singapore, and 1st impression was how friendly the check in staff were. Rooms are small but clean and buffet for breakfast was ok. The location is great and its easy to get anywhere around LA from here if you have a car. The free wine and chees every evening is a nice touch.negatives would be the lack of blinds to stop the sun literally blinding you in breakfast area, and prices are high at $150ish/night compared to other 3 star hotels like Holiday Inn express ..especially ig like us you just want a place to sleep.Overall a nice hotel with very freindly and helpful staff .  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lessmore
<Content>Very friendly, helpful staff and a great location! We stayed here once in early December, '06 and again in early January, '07. Both times were great experiences and we'll not hesitate to go back again. The location is within walking distance of many excellent restaurants and shopping. A short drive will take you to the heart of Beverly Hills and all it's hot spots for shopping, dining and nightlife.I have to say that we've stayed in some of the world's finest hotels and the staff here at Elan was every bit as helpful, friendly and courteous as any five-star hotel we've visited.The property is in an older remodeled building. The rooms are cozy with contemporary fixtures throughout. But, this is not the hotel to choose if your plans are to cocoon yourself in your room. The rooms are neat and clean, but small. This is the hotel to choose if you are planning on getting out to see L. A. and all it has to offer.The nightly wine reception in the lobby is a great way to wrap a day of touring, business, and/or shopping. And, t's also a great way to kick off a night on the town. This has to be one of Hollywood's best kept secrets. We love it and, as I mentioned above, we'll be back! We owe a great big 'thank you to the extremely cordial staff at Elan!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sophie_In_Taipei
<Content>3-star hotel in a 5-star location Stayed 9 nights in Elan early December with my husband as a post-surgery recovery stay before flying back home. Rooms = small, but the bed is great and large. Decoration is very simple and modern. Walls are too thin as usual, so you end up hearing your neighbor's conversation. Hopefully we were on the top floor. One big problem is the central air-conditionning system = it is very loud and noisy and you cannot switch it off in your room. So we had to change room and bought some tape and cartoon to fix it in front of the air opening.Value = I won't say the breakfast is free as advertised by the hotel as for sure they factored the cost into the room price. For information, we went to the Sofitel nearby and asked for the room price and it comes only USD 60 more expensive per night but you have a truly 5-star hotel service and amenities. So good value if you take the location into consideration.Extra = mandatory valet parking (by the way check your bill carefully as we rented a car for the 1st day only and they charged us valet parking = USD 15 for our entire 9 nights stay although we had no car anymore), a small but convenient gym with a TV and a PC free to use for hotel guests.Location = great location as we did not have a car. Walking distance of Beverly Center, Beverly Connection, Cedars Sinai Hospital, Farmers Market. I also took the buses to go around the area (Getty Center, Warner Studio Tour) and it was no problem at all. But don't count on the hotel to provide you this information as they won't have any idea. Instead go to www.metro.net  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Rach212
<Content>Thanks for a wonderful time! I was looking for a fairly inexpensive but decent place to stay in LA for 4 days. After reading loads of reviews about crabby and skanky hotels in LA, I was at a wits end until I chanced upon the reviews of Hotel Elan on Tripadvisor. Based on the raving reviews, we booked 3 rooms in Oct and were totally glad we trusted Tripadvisor.com once again! The Hotel Elan is a shining beacon in a sea of really expensive hotels and really crabby motels in LA. It may be a higher-end budget place or as some term it a boutique hotel, however what sealed our wonderful experience here was really the staff at reception. Practically everyone at reception was super helpful, friendly and took obvious pride in their work. They took pains to ask us each day where we intended to go, and unprompted, printed driving maps for us and gave us very clear directions - really helpful for us as we were used to driving on the other side of the road! We felt really welcome here and got great advice from the staff about places to go, restaurants and night spots. The rooms are nicely appointed, although on the small side. And as this used to be an old folk's home before it was given new life as a hotel, the hallways still retain an old folks home feeling. We had 3 rooms - 2 were small and faced the inner courtyard, 1 was at the end of the corridor and was distinctly larger. If you prefer more space for your rooms, ask for the rooms at the end of the corridors. The location was convenient as well, close to Sunset and Santa Monica Blvds, and it was easy getting to the major freeways. I loved the fact that I could walk to Beverly Center shopping mall, which was useful since I had a free day by myself whilst my friends went to Magic Mountain. I spent an entire day at the mall and walked back by myself after dark - it was quite safe. The free continental breakfast that comes with the room was more than adequate. The lobby area does get quite crowded during peak breakfast time, and like another reviewer pointed out, it gets really hot with the sun streaming in. We tried to get back in time for the free wine reception but alas, the sights of LA beckoned and we never did made it in time. Was a nice thought though. Overnight parking for our car was $14 in an underground garage - it was great to have a valet park it and bring it around in the morning. On our second day, the guy at reception recognised us and before we could request for our car, it was driven out whilst we were having breakfast - great service! Overall, we loved the Hotel Elan! I was especially relieved as I was i/c of booking the hotel for our party of 6. Thanks once again TripAdvisor! I never leave home anymore without checking out the reviews here!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cquinn
<Content>This place is the business ! Ok - this hotel is very good.Pro's:Good location: Near a big shopping mall. With plenty of taxis right outside. Very near to beverly hills - and a fantastic restaurant called fogoa de choi (brazillian steakhouse).Staff: They are very nice and always willing to help.Freebies: The breakfast is very good. Juice and tea/coffee. Cereals and loads of different pastries and fruits. The free red and white wine every night and this is nice wine by the way.Room: Medium sized room - spotlessly clean and cleaned daily. And a good shower. Internet - Free wireless access and also a free desktop internet connection too.Cons - I really cant think of any. Ok there is no swimming pool but what do you expect from a very fairly priced hotel.How can people not say that this is a great place to stay. Its just ideal. I used tripadvisor to book the whole lot of my 4 week honeymoon and i guarantee anyone that they will have a pleasant stay at the elan  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>estragon
<Content>What's all the fuss about? After reading the rapturous reviews on TA, my expectations were sky high. The reality? A perfectly OK budget hotel, but nothing to write home about.First, the good. The service was first-rate. The staff were uniformly friendly, welcoming and competent. The bed in my first-floor room was extremely comfortable, and the bathroom was clean and well-maintained. Free wireless and a free printer in the business centre are definitely a step above the hotels that charge ten bucks a night for internet. And the 5-7 wine reception is a very nice touch.The not-so-good: The rooms are small, the decor is bland, and the hallways are especially ugly. The location? Other than the fact that there's a huge mall a block away, there's nothing to recommend it. The Elan Modern is on a bland stretch of Beverley Blvd., across from a Taco Bell and a greasy spoon. The hotel is only two storeys high, so most of the rooms are uncomfortably close to the street, which sometimes gets quite noisy. The buffet breakfast (included in the room rate) is OK, but it's served in the lobby, which on sunny days (this being L.A., that means most days) is uncomfortably hot, with barely any shade.So, bottom line: if I come to L.A. on vacation and need an inexpensive, centrally located place to stay, I'd consider the Elan again. If I am travelling on business, as I was this time around, no way.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	5	4	4	

<Author>Sistinas
<Content>Unbelievably peaceful place to stay and relax       View from rear of hotel, from balcony on 2nd fl  
<Date>Nov 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>frocha
<Content>Why stay anywhere else? Can鈥檛 say enough good things about the Elan Hotel. Stayed there Nov 17 鈥?20 in a 鈥渏unior suite鈥? The room was comfortable, very clean, and spacious. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful. There as a continental breakfast in the morning and wine and cheese in the evenings. We would not hesitate to stay at the Elan in the future.Other items noteworthy, the hotel is across the street from a 24 hour restaurant and a Taco Bell. Not the best, but will do in a pinch if you get hungry late at night. The hotel is a block walk from the Beverly Center which is a huge shopping mall. In the other direction, you鈥檙e less than a miles walk to the Farmers Market. We even walked home from Rodeo Drive which was a little over 2 miles. Another plus is that the Starline Tours picks up at the Elan every morning at 8:35am and returns you when your tour is over.Again, don鈥檛 think you can beat the quality for the price.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moodster
<Content>Enjoyed stay at the Elan            
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kangas
<Content>Elan Excells We have just returned from a trip to L.A and stayed 3 wonderful nights at the Elan. Do yourself a favour and stay at the Elan when in LA, you will not be dissappointed. Location is great, access to all the tourist spots so easy - but most of all the service you will receive here will be second to none. Dave and Vance (front counter) Efrain (valet) you guys are the best and made our holiday !!! Will be back next year !!  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>John&Jennifer
<Content>Reccommended Stayed just 1 night, after flying to LA before travelling inland, quality place, clean and well maintained, exellent staff, enjoyed the wine with the mangers in the evening and the breakfast before setting off. Well priced and well located for exploring LA.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nammer21
<Content>Great 3 Night Stay Deserves all the praise you read. Nice modern rooms, free internet, nice morning breakfast, helpful staff, great location in the middle of Beverly Hills. All for a great price. Can't go wrong choosing Elan.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>NYC999
<Content>good Stayed here for one night. Nice accomodations. Clean, modern. Not too noisy. I would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GJay
<Content>Thoroughly recommended. Stayed at the Elan from 13th to 16th October and, as we liked it so much, returned there after our 5 day trip to Vegas for another 3 nights. Unassuming in appearance, the hotel scores heavily for its great location, spotlessly clean, classically designed and very comfortable bedrooms, and the friendliness of management and staff. Jorge and his colleagues on the front desk were a revelation with their untiring and enthusiastic help in recommending great restaurants, places to visit etc. And management were particularly helpful in letting us have a complimentary room post-check out to freshen up for our evening flight home after a long day enjoying the Southern Cal sunshine.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MHH1
<Content>Great stay Had a great 3 night stay at the Elan Hotel in September.Location is convenient for all attractions-walking distance to Beverly Centre and simple drive to Hollywood,Farmers Market and Rodeo Dr.There is also a great diner across the road (Jans I think)and superb sushi bar 100 yards from the hotel.Staff were very knowledgable and friendly.Breakfast nice and cheese and wine in late afternoon very welcome after long day sightseeing.This really is a great value hotel and I wouldn't hesitate to use it again.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DA6
<Content>Great Choice We were passing through L.A. on our way to Europe from Australia and booked this hotel for 4 nights after reading the reviews here. It was a great choice. The close location to the Beverly Center made it easy to do some shopping or get around using the buses. The hotel staff were very friendly and helpful. We had a deluxe King room, which was very tidy, clean, modern and comfortable (bed was great). The included breakfast was simple yet tasty and they also had a wine tasting evening which was free. If you're looking for a great place to eat, stay clear of Jan's Diner across the road and try the Madarette Chinese restaurant (just couple of streets to left of the hotel and Jan's). Definitely go to the Beverly Center to eat at the Grand Lux Cafe which was simply outstanding. All in all, highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DublinEoin
<Content>Location  We stayed in the Elan Hotel Modern for two nights on September 24th  25th based on the high rating in trip advisor and its convenient location. We were not to be disappointed. We tend to try and stay in places that are value for money but as close to the downtown area as possible and the Elan is definitely both. It represents good value by L.A. standards and it is a good central location between hollywood  beverly hills and therefore is convenient to any part of L.A. you might like to see.The breakfast was simple but elegant. A constantly refreshed supply of bagels, pastries, cereals, coffee, juice, boiled eggs etc. It is taken in the lobby area which is very atmospheric with big windows and simple furniture. A nice touch was the computer room with free internet (one computer). The staff were very helpful in a non-pushy way especially as our luggage arrived a day after us. The valet parking was handy and feel it was decent value and certainly we were clear up front on the cost. The valet himself was a very helpful guy.The room we had was clean and had everything you would expect in a modern hotel room. I didn't find the area particularly noisey and there are definitly decent resaurant options within walking distance - in one we even spotted a genuine celebrity (Jason Alexander from Seinfeld).  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>intolerant
<Content>Would go back tomorrow Booked this Hotel because of reviews and price. Nothing to be disapointed in atall. Staff were the nicest we met during our two weeks in USA. Restaurants close by and a four minute walk to the wonderful shops. The rooms were plenty large enough and so was the breakfast. We bombarded the receptionists with questions and they came up trumps every time. When we return to LA we would not consider staying anywhere else. A pool would be nice , we did more shopping in the spare time we had instead.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sixfooteven
<Content>The Best Staff Just got back from the Elan (Oct 6-9th). The staff was excellent, warm and considerate, they gave great advise and wanted to make our stay a lovely one. As for the hotel it was very clean, with lovely modern rooms and plush bedding and neutral colors. The room was a good size and we had a small balcony (201) that was nice. There is also a nice continental breakfast (whole fruit, cereal, breads and hard boiled eggs) and a wine and cheese hour in the evening.The hotel's location was wonderful, just half a block from the Beverly Center Mall (Hard Rock-Pf Chang and affordable shopping) we where also 10 minutes to the Sunset Strip (The Comedy Store and celebrity owned bars). Elan is a boutique hotel that works hard to live up to your needs and you feel appreciated. You get a lot for the great rate.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SUSIEgir
<Content>Loved the Elan We stayed at the Elan for nine nights in Sept, and absolutelyloved it. Staff are very friendly and helpful. The beds in the room were very comfortable. You can walk to the Beverly Centre and restaurants and local transport is only a short walk as well. We used local transport to get around without any trouble. Jan's Restaurant is accross the road, which is a retro kind of Diner, butthe food is excellent and it is very reasonably priced.There is a Wine and Cheese held each night Mon-Fri from 5-7pmand the breakfast each morning is just what you need to get you going. Loved the Granola for brekkie, but cannot find it in Aussie.We were offered a room to use on the last day at no extra charge as we were not leaving the hotel until 7pm.I would definelty stay at the Elan again.Sue Weston - Gold Coast Australia  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gfgooner
<Content>Excellent Hotel Stayed 3 nights at the Elan Modern. On arrival the staff were friendly and welcoming. We stayed in a Deluxe King room which was stylishly decorated, very clean and had ample space. The staff couldn't have been more helpful in helping with everything from recommending restaurants for dinner, driving directions and even parking tips. Breakfast was included and offered a great choice of cereals, bagels, fruit etc. Finally, the hotel was in a great location, only a couple of miles from Beverly Hills and Sunset Strip. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alcbkr
<Content>Overall a good experience I do business with Cedars-Sinai Medical Center and this is a reasonably well priced hotel for the location. It is within walking distance of the Center. I don鈥檛 like to drive when I鈥檓 in LA so the Elan鈥檚 location is ideal. Close to work and close to shopping, etc. I have always had a clean room on the second floor. I have liked the continental breakfast and have never had a problem billing, service, etc. Although the coffee really isn鈥檛 very good. Overall I rate them above average.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>screengoddess
<Content>Beautiful hotel I stayed at the Hotel Elan Modern for 2 nights. Check-in was fine, and the staff were very friendly towards me. They gave me any help that I needed and suggested places for me to go and see. The hotel is very handy if you want to go shopping in the big malls, as there is one, just about a block away, with Macy's etc in. Parking is valet, which as it was my first time, took a bit of getting used to, but it was very safe, and there is also a petrol station about 100m away. Breakfast is in the price and consists of a range of yoghurts, fruit, pastries, bagels, and went from 6:30am till they said 10:30, but I wasnt around to notice when it stopped. They lady on the desk rang for a taxi for me one of the nights, and discussed eating places too. I was told about there being a wine thing in the early evening for guests, but I wasnt around to see it. I expect this did happen, though, so would have been nice to have a sit after the days sightseeing and discuss where to eat that night.The room was big and light, with high ceilings, tv/video, 2 phones, i had a patio onto a small courtyard, but the rooms higher up had balconies too. The rooms were nice and quiet, and were very clean. I put on my do not disturb sign when the cleaner was coming round, and she didnt come in, but later on in the day, she did another round, of the ones missed off, which means you can still sleep in, and have a change of towels! The interenet was free (in the business room) and there was a safe in each room too.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>jasonmelb
<Content>Excellent! Just returned from a wonderful week long stay at the hotel. Could not fault it in any way. The staff, Location, Price.. I don't think it is possible to do any better. Miss it already, will return in 2008.Jason (Melbourne, Room 108)  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Daso
<Content>Great Service If there is a hotel you want to stay at, then this hotel should be it. First of all, it is situated in the middle of everything. Most shops are within walking distance. The staffs service is Exceptional. The staff were advising us what to see and where to go. They Booked all of our tours. As for our last day there, the water boiler broke and we did not have hot water for about half an hour. So the management decided not to charge us for the food and drinks we took from the room fridge, which was about US$30. We had a flight that night, so the Management let us stay for free the extra few hours, giving us a new room so we can shower and relax before our flight. I rate this hotel 10/10 and will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>decaf123
<Content>Reserved again before checking out Stayed at the Elan in August and it was so great I booked it for my parents who were coming to the area the following weekend before checking out.Room: Sparkling clean, with a sort of retro-modern decor. Big and bright. Blackout shades made the room great for sleeping. Really, really comfortable bed  pillows. Individual thermostat to control a/c. Bathroom: Bright  super clean. Could use another shelf for toiletries. Lather bath products were fantastic. Staff: Friendly and welcoming. They went out of their way to accomodate us. Always said hello. Location: Great central location. Not too far from the Farmer's Market. Also possible to walk to some attractions which doesn't usually happen in L.A.Bonus: The free breakfast was great. Cereal, bagels  breads, yogurt  granola, fruit, hard boiled eggs, juice, milk  coffee. Area was constantly being cleaned and restocked. The wine and cheese on weekday afternoons was a nice addition as well. Overall: Will be staying there again.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sm16
<Content>Great hotel with a good location We stayed at the Elan for one night on the 29th August and although we had read the reviews which were positive for some reason we didnt no what to expect and a bit unsure.How wrong you can be!!!!Firstly I can confirm the staff are very friendly and helpfull. We asked for directions, advice on the area, local restaurants and they did all they could to help. Room was nice, clean and the bed was a nice large one.They had wine and cheese in the early evening which was a nice touch - you can help yourself to as much as you want.Breakfast was continental style in the main reception area which was well laid out and had plenty of choices.As a tourist it was well located near the Beverly centre and a short drive to Hollywood Blvd (chinese theatre park in the new shopping mall and get a discounted ticket), and a short drive to Rodeo Drive.Wish we had stayed a bit longer but will definatley use this hotel if we stay around the area in future.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Salva
<Content>Nice hotel, helpful staff and very well located! I stayed at the Elan Modern with my wife one night on August 28th. The hotel is good and the staff was really nice and very helpful. The room was very clean and the bed really wide. We had Internet free (wiredwireless) and the breakfast included in the price. It is also well located, one block away from Beverly Center.I strongly recommend this hotel (very good relation between quality and price).  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Beardtours
<Content>Good Hotel, great location Booked on the back of the positive reviews and wasnt disappointed. Given its location and features this place is really good value for money. The room was big and comfortable with a clean modern layout. The staff were helpful and friendly. Great location, theres some good restuarants, and the Beverley centre within walking distance. By car you can hit all the main sites pretty easily, congestion aside! If I come back to LA this is where I'll stay.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>captainI
<Content>Great experience at the Elan I had a wonderful stay at the Elan. The staff provided excellent service. The rooms were neat and clean. The property was centrally located within a few miles from Holleywood, LA, and West LA. The Breakfast was plentyful and the hotel is reasonably priced.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HarryHornet
<Content>Good Hotel Stayed 3 nights at the beginning of Aug with my family.This is a very nice smaller boutique style hotel. The room was clean and spacious, staff friendly and helpful.Convieniently located a short drive from most of the LA tourist attractions.Very good value for money. Definitely recommended.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BigDaddyToronto
<Content>Fantastic!! After spending 5 days in Las Vegas my family and I needed some good old fashioned West Hollywood 'down time'. I found the Elan Hotel by chance online when looking for accommodations for our stay. What an absolute jewel! Walking distance from The Beverly Center, Melrose Avenue, and the Sunset Strip, we could not have picked a nicer, more pleasant place to stay. We arrived late and the front desk manager kept the complimentary wine and cheese out JUST FOR US! The entire hotel staff from room service to the guy parking the car were so incredibly friendly and helpful (helped us find our way around and even suggested places for dinner..). The bedrooms were so inviting and immaculately clean (loved the mints on the pillows) and the bathroom was spotless! (unfortunately no pictures to post...) We'll definately stay here again - it was an absolute delight. Best wishes to all the staff!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AvineshB
<Content>Excellent value       The king-size bed.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>millypoppymo
<Content>Lovely hotel Fantastic hotel, rooms to a very high standard. Staff were very professional and attentive. Breakfast buffet lovely.There are some good restaurants very near by, including an excellent vegan restaurant. Also very close by is the Beverly Shopping Center.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>fish3d
<Content>Elan Modern..GREAT My partner and I stayed at the Elan for three nights. July 15, 1617. I have never met a more attentive and nice staff in all my travels. We were here on business and the wireless internetand conference room was a great plus. The breakfast servedin the lobby made our stay even easier. The coffee was fantastic.Our room ( # 105) was very quiet and had two double beds.There are literally dozens of excellent restaurants within a few minutes walk. The guests were an eclectic group andall were nice and friendly, I think the hotel attracts those types.Again the service was outstanding and the rooms extremelycomfortable. We plan on staying here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ilikecookies
<Content>Staff are great so are the rooms! The front of house staff are great at this hotel and couldn't be more friendly and helpful. Hotel is in a great location and the rooms are massive and very clean. Would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elan Hotel Perfect !!! On last June we stayed for two nights on a triple room at Elan Hotel Modern. This hotel is fantastic. Very clean and modern rooms, very nice staff (front desk, valet parking), big bathroom, even for three persons in the room. The location is also a point. Walking distance from Beverly Center Mall and close to lot's of attractions. For sure we'll stay here again !!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great HOtel The Elan employees (especially Yolanda, Paulo, David and David) were wonderful. Anytime I had a question or needed directions, they were able to assist. The staff went above and beyond their duties to make my vacation enjoyable. They truly cared about what activites were we doing for the day and offered tips. The rooms were clean and nice. The hotel was located in a central location for many tourist attractions. Thanks to the Elan employees, you have a great hotel. Keep up the good work.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paullv
<Content>Friendly Staff! My family went to California to celebrate my daughter's birthday and go to the American Girl Place at the Grove. The Elan Modern was a short distance away so we decided to stay there. Everyone on the staff was very friendly. The rooms were small but very clean and quiet. The location was excellent. In L.A. you definately need a car to get around. It is within walking to the Beverly Center shopping and a short drive to Hollywood. On our next trip to L.A., I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Elan My daughters and I stayed at the Elan for a week in April. My son-in-law booked it for us, so We had no idea what we would get. We loved it and would stay again any time we are in LA. The room was extremely clean and and pleasant. The staff were very helpful and friendly. The breakfast was more than enough for anyone. The location was great for shopping or sight seeing. We always felt very safe there, and that is important for women traveling alone. The bedding was so comfortable, it felt like home. I would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tvaddict2211
<Content>Great find!       Bedroom  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Find In Tinseltown I found this small hotel online and booked directly with the front desk. The staff is well-trained and very helpful. They provided excellent directions and were very knowledgeable about the best places for shopping and dining. The hotel is very clean and the sheets and towels were top quality. I need high speed Internet access and the Elan provides wired and wireless Internet at no charge. They also include a free continental breakfast and overall this is a great value in a very nice part of Los Angeles.My wife likes to shop and she loved the location and felt very safe walking around the neighborhood. We checked several other hotels in this area and most were over $200 per night. I would recommend to business and leisure travelers. Not good for families with children.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable, friendly hotel My friend and I stayed at the Elan in late February. Location was great. There were restaurants,Beverley Centre,laundrette, shops, all very close. Public transport was very accessible. The staff at the hotel were extremely helpful and courteous. The rooms were quite nice and clean. Bathrooms were good. The free internet was a godsend. The breakfast area next to the lobby was excellent with the morning sun beating in. The continental breakfast on offer was ideal with bagels ,cereals ,tea  coffee, fresh fruit.We had a very pleasant stay and I would highly recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Texas-One
<Content>Would return without question We stayed at the Elan Hotel Modern in January. We were in town for the Rose Bowl. After much looking we settled on the Elan based on customer reviews in Trip Advisor. We were extremely happy. The big differentiator was the service. I had a major migraine coming into LA and after getting our rental car we headed to the hotel at noon, 4 hours before check-in. We shared our concern that the rooms facing the street were noisier; the clerk took us to see each of the available three rooms and we took the one that suited us. In every instance when we asked the front desk folks for something, they were gratious, even going beyond the call of duty to retrieve milk for my wife at 1:00am. Our room was nicely appointed with one of the more comfortable beds I can remember in a hotel. It was a really great stay in a great location. The fact that Texas won the game made the weekend even better.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jose_Gonzalez
<Content>Great Business Hotel What a great business hotel for the price鈥?br/>Called ahead and got a corporate rate of $150 and I must say, I was really pleased with this place. Great location, minutes away from Beverly Hills, West Hollywood, etc.Rooms are fine, not overly spacious, but generally well appointed. Nice, comfortable bed with quality linens. Good bath ammenities. Shower wasn鈥檛 awesome but decent water pressure. Service was very effective. Valet parking鈥攁 must鈥攐nly took mnutes for car to appear鈥oom rate includes free wireless internet(!), a good quality continental breakfast and a wine and cheese reception every evening.If there is anything lacking, it would be due the size. Because the hotel is small (~50 rooms), there is no bar or room service鈥ut personally I prefer the cozy nature compared to over-priced, mediocre hotel food. I鈥檇 stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, pleasant hotel No complaints on this one - we spent three nights here recently and will definitely stay here again next time - excellent bkfst buffet, clean, attractive room (w/balcony  great view north). Good shopping, restaurants, etc. within walking distance. Helpful, pleasant staff.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>small rooms, curteous front desk The location is excellent, right across from Beverly Center shopping center. Our room was small, and there was a spot in the room, where everyone in my family felt dizzy. Very strange. But not enough to complain. They have red/white wine and cheese reception in the evening. Too bad they did not have any soda or water for the kids, and they were not very quick to restock the food. The morning breakfast was quite good with fresh bagels, fruit newtons, and cereals. The workers are all in suits and very curteous.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Previous reviews were pretty spot-on We stayed at the Hotel Elan Modern in mid-December after reading all of the previous TripAdvisor reviews and deciding we could deal with what seemed to be the one or two persistent negatives and the plethora of positives. After staying at the Hotel Elan for three days I can definitely say it's a great, clean, safe hotel that is a bargain if you can get it for under $100 a night. The positives: the desk staff and cleaning staff are beyond helpful. They were 100% courteous and polite. Any time we had a question (even at 3a.m.) they found an answer quickly and professionally. There was not one time during our stay when they were less than completely professional and helpful. The complimentary breakfast was good and included; cereal, yogurt, bagels, bananas, apples, muffins, hard-boiled eggs, coffee, juice, and milk. There was always plenty of food as there is a dedicated staff member who cleans up and keeps things stocked. The room was clean, well-stocked, and in line with the 60's mod decor of the rest of the place. The not-so-positives:Parking - parking is something like $2 an hour with a maximum of $14 a day. There is NO PARKING around the hotel other than a few two-hour maximum meters. If you stay here and have a car, you have to do the valet thing. It's not that big of a pain but it's not exactly a huge positive. Basically you park your car in front of the hotel (for a maximum of 24 minutes) and one of the hotel staff takes the car and parks it in a garage. When you need your car you just call downstairs about 10 minutes prior to leaving and they'll have it waiting for you. They do not expect tips, although I did tip the guy who did most of the parking when we left. The first time I tried to tip he seemed like it surprised him to be given a tip, so I just didn't do it again until the last day, and only then because he had been so helpful in getting our car at weird hours and over and over again when we would come and go. The rooms - the rooms are very clean, no problems with that, and they are a little small (not as small as some of the previous reviews made it seem), but you can see some wear-and-tear on things like the comforter and headboard on the bed. It's not a big deal but we just took the comforter off of the bed since there were ample blankets and sheets underneath it, all of which were spotlessly clean. The only real complaint I'd have about the room is you can seriously hear everything in the room next to you. There were two old ladies next to our room who talked on the phone a lot and you could clearly hear their conversation. You could also hear the tv when it was on, and I don't think in either case they were being loud, the walls are just thin. It didn't bother us, but I could see how someone would be bothered if the room neighbors were a loud bunch. Location - there is a Taco Bell and Good Will across the street, a tire store next door, and a few restaurants within walking distance. The Beverly Center is within walking distance but there's not much else you would want to walk to. It's LA so you should have a car anyway, and most things were within a 10-15 minute drive. Overall, the Hotel Elan Modern is a nice place to stay with a courteous staff and clean rooms. The only things that might bug you are having to deal with the parking and the walls being pretty thin.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Return to Elan! The Elan was a great choice for our 3rd anniversary stay of 4 nights! We got a decent rate online, about $590. I goofed up and left my entire itinerary at home, but staying at Elan made our vacation a breeze. All of the employees were courteous and helpful. We were given a map upon check-in that we used thoughout our trip. The hotel is ideally located in Beverly Hills, close to Bev. Plaza, Rodeo Dr, Universal, Hollywood, the airport, etc. The ammenities were good for the price and very clean. Pay for the king bed...it's worth it! Parking is valet only and is $15/day. Continental breakfast was a good touch. We LOVED LA and will return and recommed Elan in the future (unless we upgrade to a luxury hotel). Next time we'll stay longer!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jurimo
<Content>Highly Recommend We stayed here for three days and would stay there again as well as recommend it to friends. The hotel was great in terms of location, staff friendliness and all of the amenities available. The complimentary breakfast had a wide variety of choices, not like some offered at other places. It surpassed my expectations.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, nice hotel !       The Elan Hotel Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>novacc
<Content>A Gem The Elan is in West Hollywood, a great location. It's a funky, modern hotel with reasonable rates. They have valet parking, but we were always able to find metered parking right out front of the hotel.Loved the free Internet access in the business center. The complimentary breakfast was more than I expected with cereal (they put out the GOOD ones!), hard-boiled eggs, various breads, and fresh fruits. While the complimentary wine and cheese in the evening did not offer a huge selection of wines (1 merlot, 1 chardonnay), it was a nice touch. Our room (a standard double) was clean and comfortable. Despite being on a main street, it was very quiet. The bathroom was very spacious with modern fixtures, and the shower was awesome! Great water pressure and temperature. Robes were available, and the bathroom gels and shampoos smelled really nice. The beds had soft duvets and comfy pillows - not too hard, not too soft. The staff could not have been nicer. Rob, the concierge, was a big help with activities and restaurant reservations. This hotel is a great value. Would absolutely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Blondie247772
<Content>Highly recommended The hotel is in a good location, with main routes through L.A. easily accessible and in a more commercial / residential area than a lot of hotels. The room was spacious (the bathroom was enormous) and both were clean. A buffet style breakfast is included in the room price and served in the lobby. If you bring a car with you, you'll need to pay the valet parking charge as there is nowhere in the vicinity to park your car on the road. The staff were courteous and efficient. I would definitely consider staying here again if I were to return to L.A.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BridgetF
<Content>Simple elegance - An oasis in LA If you want to stay at a hotel where people treat you with kindness and respect and you have a nice, clean, cheery room with high ceilings and simple clean designs, the Elan Hotel Modern is for you. It is the ultimate in convenience - business center, free internet, free breakfast and afternoon snack, nice workout room, super quick valet service and fantastic location where you can actually walk to interesting things! The rates are very reasonable in a neighborhood that has some expensive hotels like Le Meridien and Sofitel. After many years of looking, I am so happy to finally have a home away from home in LALA land at the Elan Hotel Modern!! Thank you tripadvisor for pointing me to the perfect place!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lindsay1
<Content>Enjoyed our stay here. Stayed here for 4 nights at the start of September. We spent ages trying to find a suitable hotel in LA. Every time we found one we liked most of the reviews weren't good. having read the reviews for this hotel we were initially unsure but it seemed to be in a good location for the things we wanted to do. We needn't have worried it was lovely staying here. We had a second floor room to the side of the hotel and it was perfect. You hear a slight noise from the traffic but nothing that bothered us. The room was clean and well presented. Each night we returned to the room the bed was turned down and the light and the radio were on. Also on each bed was a little note with a cartoon on it and telling us the weather forecast for the next day with 3 little chocolates. Nice touch. Breakfast was great. Cereal, rolls, bagels, bread, yoghurt, eggs, fruit, tea coffeeand orange juice. Just fine to start the day rather than going out searching for breakfast. The wine and cheese reception was all very informal and fine to have at the end of the day on returning to the hotel. However it is from 5 to 7pm and may be a bit early for some.This was a perfect location for visiting Hollywood, Universal (only about 20min drive) and Santa Monica. The Beverly centre is just two blocks away. There is a 24 hr pharmacy nearby which sells a bit of everything. There are also several restaurants in the near vicinity.The staff were all very helpful and Pablo one of the car valet staff was always so cheery. The only negative thing I would like to mention was that the matress cover was loose and the bottom sheet on the bed was rather short and I had to remake the bed each night to make it comfortable.All in all we fully reccommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tom_Berlin
<Content>Very good place to stay in the "City of Angels" Read the June 2, 2005, review which is a very accurate description of this excellent hotel. I would like to add the fact that you have Wireless Internet access in all rooms for free and that the staff was great.Try to get a room that is not facing Beverly Blvd. The Blvd is very noisy in the morning and in the afternoon.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aquadotto
<Content>good value, great service Read the June 2, 2005, review which is a very accurate description of this excellent little hotel. The only thing I would add is how impressed we were by the professional and courteous service. Stayed four nights and didn't want to leave.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cried when I left I found this hotel after a whole lot of internet searching and checking up on places on TripAdvisor....and, it is wonderful and consistent with most of the reviews you'll find here with the exception of a few disgruntled guests. This hotel has no grounds, and, it is basically just a gray building on a corner. If you're into the outside of a hotel, there's nothing to see here. However, the lobby is gorgeous and sun-filled. Despite what other reviewers have written, the front desk staff ranges from very acceptable to most excellent. Nate, in particular, was very helpful and sweet to us, even when he was not being tipped. He and other staff printed directions for us, gave advice, and catered to our every want and need and never stuck their hand out. Now, on to the room. The room was smaller than it appeared in the online photos, but, I quickly got used to that. We had a king sized bed, and, that was the most wonderful part of the experience--gorgeous, white, sparkling clean, long-staple high thread count cotton sheets, a double-sheeted down comforter, four gorgeous down pillows. Once you were in the bed, you didn't care how big the room was. The furniture and the carpeting in my room was just fine and seemed relatively new, with three deep drawers for my stuff, as well as a full sized closet with some California-Closets-type shelving, and, a small safe that you set a four digit code to get in and out of, for your laptop, camera, extra cash or whatever. I thought the bathroom was much nicer than some couple's first apartment although it was not extravagant at all. Nice and clean, nice black marble sink counter, very acceptable amenities. Wolfgang Puck coffee was available in room and also in the lobby during breakfast, which was pretty good--cereals, bulk granola, milk and juice, fruit, pastries, bagels, coffee...in the gorgeous, well lit lobby which had a funky retro feeling without anything being old or run down. There were plenty of lovely white cotton towels, and, a nice white robe for use in the room. The television was very whatever, I confess I didn't watch it--why bother? You're in California! I was in a ground floor room on the back, and, I recommend that. It was quiet and nice. The sliding glass doors opened onto....nothing, just a wall....but, it was still a nice place to get a breeze and sit Indian style with a book and soak up a little morning sun with your coffee. The carpet was clean, the room was cleaned daily and the radio left on softly to nice classical music. I requested that my bed be made, but, my sheets NOT be changed....because it would have been wasteful. You can request that. Anyway, we had a wonderful time at the Elan, and, I'd move in there if I could.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PT1976
<Content>Slice of Style This place was an awesome slice of LA style - cool colors, funky, laid-back. Not cookie-cutter at all - this place was not a chain and it didn't feel like you could be anywhere except LA. We booked a package through them for 360 total which included two nights, museum tickets, fanastic fresh breakfast, and $60 towards dinner at a nearby trattoria. The breakfast was hands down the best complimentary hotel breakfast I have ever seen - granola, wheat bread, bagels, real bakery pastries, fruit, fruit, fruit, great coffee. Bed was super-comfortable with high thread count linens. Bathroom was tiny but acceptable, bathrobes a nice touch. Common areas looked like they were either being renovated or in need of renovation but all in all, the Elan puts money into important stuff (bed, linens, funky decor, breakfast) and as for the rest, who cares if the hallway looks a little shabby. Finally, the front desk was phe-nomenal. I'm not usually a P.I.T.A. but I was without a car in LA and wanted to go to off-the-beaten-track places like Japantown and they helped me find bus routes to these random places even though they didn't know where they were - which means they took the time to research my P.I.T.A. requests - all with a smile. Finally, on the last night, I had planned to use my restaurant voucher but the place was closed on Monday nights and the front desk scored me a voucher to another restaurant even though we didn't make reservations like we were supposed to. They also arranged our super shuttle for us and had them wait for us when we were tied up at dinner. These people gave us 5-star service for a 2 star price. If their manager is reading, Jorge and Jordan deserve a raise. They were outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>enofile1
<Content>Opaque but not bad for the price. After I read the reviews of the Elan on Trip Advisor and in several publications, I expected an incredibly hip hotel experience. Perhaps my expectations were too high certainly considering we didn't pay a whole lot. The room was rather bland filled with IKEA type furniture. Perhaps this where the hip quotient arrives from. Yet, this furniture is not holding up well and is showing signs of wear and tear. The bathroom was styled nicely in an inexpensive manner and looked like something a young up and coming couple would have in their first apartment The staff was friendly in that L.A. way letting you know that this hotel job is just temporary until their acting skills are discovered. The entire hotel experience was rather opaque reflecting on the entire hotel's ambience. The neighborhood is not too bad, within walking distance of Melrose etc. But, I forgot, nobody walks in L.A.! We were rather incongruous as we strolled down Beverly Blvd. If you can get a really low price, the Elan Modern Hotel is not too bad. It's just rather opaque.........Whatever that means.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beachydr
<Content>Not good Stayed at the Elan for 2 nights - in town for business. It is very sad if this is one of the top hotels in LA...b/c frankly it was not good AT ALL!! The room I was given at first was on the main floor and was sooo loud, it was ridiculous!! The bed comforter had stains all over and so did the carpet and headboard. The carpet edges were brown with dirt and were very frayed and tattered. Overall the room was very old and worn looking - marks all over the wall etc. - much in need of a reno. The garbage had not been cleaned out from the previous guest and there were hairs in both the sink and all over the tub. The room framework ie. bed, comforter headboard(as seen in pics) looks nice but it is deceiving. I asked to switch to a clean and quieter room. The front desk was not very understanding or helpful. I'm sure this was a nice hotel 5 to 10 yrs ago but now it is just old looking. Note: The main areas are better maintained than the rooms and beds are comfortable. When they finally allowed me to switch to a 2nd floor room it was only slightly better - still fairly noisy (all though not nearly as bad) but again the room was old, worn and stained. There were also hairs in the shower of this room! I will definitely not stay here again even though the location is great, price is good and the cocktail hour and breakfast were good - cleanliness is very poor and that is much more important to me!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fabulous Find My wife and I are frequent domestic and international travellers who have visited LA often in recent years. After an extended cruise we just spent three thoroughly enjoyable nights at the Elan Modern and cannot be more positive in our evaluation of the establishment and its services. This is a terrific boutique-style hotel at a great location for dining, shopping, night life and just getting around LA. Our very spacious room with king size bed and large bathroom was tastefully decorated in muted tones with fixtures and furniture of Art Deco/Moderne design. A nice touch was the availability of a local restaurant listing delineated by ethnicity, location and price, complemented by an abundance of recent periodicals reviewing current tourist attractions and museum shows, as well as additional dining and shopping possibilities. Bedroom and bathroom linens and toiletries were of the highest caliber and a DSL connection (which we did not need on this occasion) was available in the room, while internet access (which I did use) and a printer (handy for keeping directions to the Getty and other tourist attractions) were available in the lobby's business center/lounge. The hotel's clientele was quite diverse: straight couples, gay couples, business people and singles. With West Hollywood nearby the hotel was clearly gay-friendly. Valet parking was swift and efficient ($14.50 per 24 hrs.), with its own underground garage which minimized waiting time (almost none). The included continental breakfast was a cornucopia of choices: hot and cold beverages, fruit, cereals, eggs (hard boiled), toast and muffins. The services of the front desk and the housekeeping staff could not have been more friendly, welcoming, courteous and helpful. The management of the Elan Modern clearly understands the tastes and needs of its clientele and delivers the goods. This a a fabulous find! We will return.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SLTravels
<Content>Good Value for the Area I chose the Elan Hotel Modern based on glowing TripAdvisor ratings, its proximity to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art, and its value-pricing for its location. I ended up having mixed feelings about my experience there. The good points are that service is excellent. Staff goes out of its way to provide your every need. I appreciated the Business Center with its computer and printer that allowed me to check my office e-mail without charge and without dragging my laptop through airport security. The hotel has a nice exercise center, too. The location is close to the shopping of Beverly Center and Farmer's Market, and Museum Row, among others. The hotel provides breakfast (breads and cereals, fresh fruits, hard boiled eggs) and a cheese/wine reception on weekday evenings. The rooms have down comforters, which would be nice on chilly nights. They're not stingy with their plush pillows, plus there are extra pillows and blankets in the wardrobe. What Orbitz didn't tell me about was the mandatory valet parking at $14.50 per day plus the obligatory tips. Add this cost to the room price when you do your comparison shopping. There is no on-street parking available in this area, and no off-street parking except the valet basement garage.The rooms were small, the window couldn't be left open due to street/airport noise, and I could distinctly hear the snoring (and conversations) of my next-door neighbor. I feel fortunate that I didn't get treated to any other nocturnal sounds from the room next door. In this caliber of hotel, I expect better sound-proofing. The room had a refrigerator, which is always welcome. Unfortunately, it wasn't plugged in when we arrived. I had to pull it out of its cabinet to discover that the electrical outlet was expected to service the TV, the fridge, and the desk lamp. No other outlets are nearby, so you have to choose which one you're willing to live without. If you need to stay in this area, the Elan Hotel Modern is still a better price than nearby hotels such as the Sofitel -- but if your travel plans allow you the option of choosing a less-pricey area, there may be other hotels you like better for the money.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eclectic style, privacy and convenience I recently stayed at the Elan Hotel Modern on Beverly Blvd., in Los Angeles, near Bevery Hills. It was within walking distance of the Cedars-Sinai Hospital complex and the decorating district on Beverly, and within a short drive to Hollywood, Sunset Blvd, and La Brea. The styling inside and out is a delightful modern version of the late 1950s-early 1960s. The accomodations are all one needs, with an emphasis on privacy. Continental breakfast was delicious, and the staff was both friendly and accommodating. The facade is modest and inconspicuous, and is thus a perfect spot for one seeking to be in town without a lot of attention. Evidently, Matt Damon selects the property for that quality, and I would agree. Prices are reasonable, esp. for LA. My expectations are simple, and set low by too many nights in hotel rooms that all appear the same, down to the TV remote. This hotel will make you comfortable, not cost you too much, and you will feel you are in a memorable place. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JohnInLouisville
<Content>Aims for style but wins on substance       View of hotel from car  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrific secret This was the first time I stayed at the Elan Hotel Modern. I went on business and was only there for two days. The hotel is located on the southern tip of Beverly Hills and near a huge shopping mall. It has valet service for your car and impeccable service throughout. The lobby is filled with sunshine and is a nice place to eat a complimentary breakfast (excellent, by the way), catch up on your voice mails, read the paper, or plan out your Los Angeles day. The hotel is more suited for business travelers because it's not immediately close to touristy spots. But, if you have a car and a map, it's a great deal. The accommodations have a small conference room with complimentary computer and Internet access. When I was there, a group of business people had reserved the conference room for the morning and were conducting a meeting.The rooms are very nice: clean, lovely linens and bedcovers, a soft robe, complimentary luxury shampoos and lotions, nice and new furniture, good bathroom lighting, a refrigerator with snacks you can pay for, and more. I was lucky -- I had a room toward the back of the hotel on the second floor, which was ultra quiet. I paid a few dollars less ($135.00/night) than the cheapest you could find online because I called the hotel directly to book, asking for the best rate available.If I need to stay in L.A. again, this is where I will land.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous little place given the cheap rates and the location, i thought this place would be disappointing. not at all! the room was exceptionally clean-- with taste, good design, and a thoughtful approach (including high speed internet in the room, good soap/shampoo in the bathroom, unoffensive decor... i usually hate hotel rooms). the linens were cool. the room was quiet, fresh, well lit. it's on a busy street lined wtih taco bell and other multinationals, but if that doesn't bother you it actually has a good location, near all of the places you might want to see in beverly hills. it's quick to get a taxi. from what i could tell, there were no good bars or restaurants in the immediate vicinity, but i didn't really spend much time there.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elan is a great place!!! Normally, I stay at the Westin. This time since we were on vacation and staying 5 days (and on a budget)...I thought I would try out this place. The other reviews were not that bad, so I took a chance.I am so impressed!!! If you like great service, a good breakfast, wine in the evening and very nice rooms - all included in the price of your stay then this is the place for you!The people are so nice, the beds are comfortable and the bathrooms are clean. It is cozy, centrally located and the valet is so fast:) Getting in and out of the hotel is just so easy.I recommend this place - this place can not dissapoint! I would come back everytime I come to L.A.!!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value for the area This is the second time I've stayed at the Elan, and once again I was very satisified. The staff is very helpful, but free parking would be nice (it's an additional $14.50). The hotel was nicely decorated and the location is great.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Scot_Wha's_Away
<Content>Hidden secret of Beverly Hills As your taxi draws up outside the Elan Modern, you could be forgiven for thinking Uh oh!. But behind the worst-of-the-sixties architecture lies a little gem of a hotel with a level of service and the kind of personal touches usually reserved for the most expensive upscale chains. The hotel plays subtly on that sixties look throughout its very 21st century operation: the reception staff are dressed in fawn suits and crew neck sweaters; the lobby is furnished in modern retro; even the name evokes the era of Englebert Humperdinck and Frankie Vaughn. The rooms are a real pleasure. There are only about 20 of them, on two floors, and they are furnished in relaxing creams and browns. Toiletries are top quality, and are presented pocketed in folded towels. A dressing gown hangs on the bathroom door. There's a minibar and a stock of snacks, but you're unlikely to go hungry, because the Elan Modern includes a buffet breakfast in the very reasonable price: cereals, eggs, bagels, muffins and yogurt without the usual $15 added to the bill. Now to what's not perfect. The rooms are centered around a little inner courtyard, and for inexplicable reasons, they leave a bright light on in the yard all night. This means your room is never dark, and in fact, I ended up hanging a bath towel over the top of the curtains to block out the glare. The obsession with bright light extends to the fitness room which is oppressively overlit; it's also pretty basic, but there's a proper gym just along the road if you want a more extensive selection of kit. Despite the irritations this hotel is hard to beat, whether you're a tourist or business traveller. The attractions of Beverley Hills - the shops of Rodeo Drive and the bars and restaurants of Santa Monica Boulevard - are just minutes away, and it's a short drive to the Hollywood hills and the film studios which are a must see for every tourist. You won't go wrong basing an LA visit here.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>fonz333
<Content>Loved it! We never guessed how cool this place would be, especially considering the price and location. It's very comfortable, although the rooms are small, and the decor is very cool. 600-count egyptian cotton sheets to boot. Within walking distance to the Beverly Center, real nice spread for the continental breakfast, and extremely friendly staff. It doesn't look like a hotel from the outside, so we actually drove past it a couple of times before we found it. This is my hotel of choice when I stay in LA.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfy Retreat This place suits my needs for a stay in la.Clean fresh down pillows and comforters are a delight to find in this price range!(Relieves my fear of nasty chain hotel bedspreads.)No frills, other than the afore mentioned linens, but a lovely quiet cosy place to call home in a great location as a bonus.Highly recommend, and that is a compliment!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elan the Best Little Hotel in the West The Elan Hotel is conveniently located near fabulous shopping and many great restaurants as well as the conveinance of many popular sites to satisfy the tourist in all of us.The lobby is beautifully decorated in an art deco style and hosts a wonderful continental breakfast in the morning as well as a great wine and cheese reception at night. There is a small terrace right off the front desk area where you can sit and relax as well as people watch. The hotel provides valet service and the staff is extremely friendly and helpfulThe rooms were very comfortable and tastefully decorated the beds were extremely comfortable providing one of the best nights sleep I've had at any hotel. The amenities from the coffee to the lotions and shampoos were of a high standard. our balcony was secluded and pleasant to sit out and enjoy the warm California weather.I will definately return to the Elan and make it my hotel to stay at on all my trips to Los Angeles.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Service We stayed in this hotel for 7 nights and from the minute we walked through the door, the staff exceeded our expectations. They were always helpful and honest and went beyond their call of duty to ensure we enjoyed our stay. The complimentary breakfast is wonderful and our rooms were always left immaculate. The free internet was also a nice bonus. If we return to LA we will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So overrated it's painful I checked into the elan for one night, and 2 days later realized not only that they had overcharged me for missing items i did not use in the minibar, but then on top of it I was called by my credit card company for a multiple authorization that had been made on my account in the ammount of over $800 (when the room was at an already taxing 171) I then proceeded to call the manager to tell him about what was going on, even though he was cordial and helpful in removing the charges, he did not apologize sincerely about the incident. Conclusion is: overrated hotel, dirty floors, minibar fraud and on top of it lack of business etiquette on the part of the management.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>talldude
<Content>Small room, but very nice. Our room at the Elan was very nicely furnushed, although it was kind of small. The bathroom was surprisngly large compared to the main room. Ask for an inside room as the outside rooms face the street on the front of the building, or nothing at all on the back of the building. Our inside room had a small balcony that overlooked a small, empty courtyard. This was a convenient place to step out for a cigarette.One word of caution - our room did not have much soundproofing. First night there I got some adult entertainment from the room next door. It was pretty crazy: groaning and a loud, squeaky bed. It would have been funny if I weren't so tired!The staff was friendly and helpful. Convenient shopping one block away at the Beverly Center, an upscale shopping mall. The complimentary continental breakfast was very nice.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>natsfan62
<Content>Great find! Good Price for the value. We stayed at the hotel during Labor Day weekend. The hotel was really centrally located in LA. Near the Beverly Center and some good places to eat within walking distance. The room was clean and attractive. Breakfast was really good for a contential breakfast. Included in the price. The staff was VERY friendly and helpful. It is a small hotel and if you like interesting places to stay, stay here. If you are looking for Hilton or a Hyatt, this isn't going to suit you. I personally like the smaller places. My only gripe which isn't that big deal is that the shower is a bit low...watch your head...but that is such a small detail.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good situated. Small, but good situated near Hollywood, Beverly Hills Center and the Grove. Nice and clean rooms. Very good Continental Buffet Breakfast (inclusive). For other tourists: Attention around the Grove Parkings: they towed our car away. Very, very expensive and unneccessary! Thanks to the receptionist of Elan Hotel Modern: we hadn't any penalty to pay at the hotel, check out time was well past.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>askeddie
<Content>Many Other Hotels to Go Nearby With what you pay for this room, you're better off someplace else nearby. At $149 a night, they're trying to make this a real nice place, but it still looks like the old retirement home it once was. If you're looking for a calm quiet place hidden in the middle of nowhere land, it's ok. But it has no pool, no view, and its not exactly near anything special.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Times at the Elan This hotel was very clean, nice, and reasonably priced. The rooms were somewhat small, but as long as you put your bags in the closet and not all over the floor there was ample room. The hotel was in a great location for shopping and dining. The valet service was the cheapest around by far, and was very quick. The staff was very courteous and helped us find our way around town, and recommened many attractions for us. The breakfast was a handy item, and I never saw it run out of anything contrary to other reviews. This was a nice, clean hotel with a good location and good service, but don't go in expecting a 5 star grand hotel.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't Live Up to the Hype I just returned from a 5d/4n vacation in the city of angels and based on many of the reviews from this Web site, we decided to give the Elan Modern a go.The place wasn't what I expected. First, the rooms are quite small. Although we had a balcony and a large bathroom, the size of the room wasn't conducive to an extended stay and lots of souvenir shopping, so needless to say with large suitcases to store, it eventually became a really tight fit.The furnishings and linens weren't in as good a shape as they could have been. I wouldn't say they were dirty, but they were definately worn (although I will say the cloth headboard was dirty--)The mini-fridge was a nice touch as well as the breakfast each morning. Be warned though, get there early for breakfast because once they run out of the good stuff, that's it! I highly recommend the mini-muffins!The valet parking was hassle-free, we never had a problem getting our car in a timely fashion and always with a smile if it was the regular valet guys. Only when it's late and the front desk clerk has to park/retrive your car do they get a little bit of a 'tude. The housekeeping staff isn't very friendly, but the front desk staff always meet my needs. They may not have been overly friendly in the process, but whatever I needed or requested, it was done in a timely fashion, so no complaints on that front.My only real issue is that the place (or at least our room) was more worn than I expected. Stained carpet in the hallways and the room. Stained headboards on the beds. Dirty bathrobes (had ring around the neck and somebody's hair down the back), not so white towels, etc. I paid $149/night for a double occupancy room and from what I understand, that's a fairly good rate for a hotel in the Beverly Hills/Hollywood area, but I guess part of me still expected a bit more, cheaper rate or not.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lawrite
<Content>A wonderful place to hide out in LA! I stayed at the Elan in March of 2004 when I was in Los Angeles to get some medical work done at Cedars Sinai. It was a great experience from beginning to end. The only reason I'm not giving it five stars was due to the size of the room--they're very small. But having said that, everything else about the experience was perfect. All of the furnishings and decor of the room were very luxurious and modern. The bed was incredibly comfortable--a priority with me. The bathrooms are also luxurious and beautiful.The hotel offers a great buffet breakfast, far superior to the usual barely edible fare at other hotels. And the lobby's tables and comfy chairs made for a very stylish place to hang out and have a free glass of wine in the evenings, or eat your breakfast.The staff was very friendly and helpful. I didn't have a car, but they were great about calling me taxis. And though the hotel doesn't have room service, they have a ton of menus available for ordering food to be delivered. All in all a great experience, and a great deal for the money. I'd definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Elan was great! My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Elan. The hotel is exceptionally clean and comfortable. The staff is polite, efficient and helpful. This is the best hotel for the money in that neighborhood. Highly recommended!!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean Comfortable Rooms - Great Location We (husband and I) have stayed here several times for business and once just to have fun - location is great if you like the Farmer's Market and The Grove mall. But it's also very close to the Beverly Center (well-known shopping mall).Rooms are very relaxing (nice calming Asian style decor) and VERY clean. The beds are comfortable and we highly recommend a junior suite if available (especially for 2 people on business). The staff is very friendly and the manager (Joel) is wonderful. One night were put into a room next to the workout room and it was a bit noisy in the morning (we stayed up late the night before), so he invited us back for a complimentary night's stay! We now make it our regular stay when on business in Los Angeles.The wine and cheese in the evening is delightful after a day's work and even though the view onto the street isn't all that great, the decor inside is fun  modern yet relaxing and a nice place to chill and read a magazine or local newspaper.We look forward to our next stay there - and walking over to the French Restaurant in the Farmer's Market at The Grove (Monsieur Marcel) or some of the other great restaurants there at The Grove. Keep your eyes open for local celebrities at The Grove - we've seen at least 3 everytime we go there and they seem to be able to enjoy themselves without Paparazzi hassling them.Best little boutique hotel in West Hollywood!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elan Hotel Modern was nothing like I expected We were greeted by a very friendly staff upon our arrival and throughout the stay. Our room was very clean and oversized. There were bathrobes provided in the bathroom for our use. Continental breakfast included more items than the usual pastries. Bagels, cereal, yogurt, fruit, and pastries were among the selections along with coffee and tea. Imagine our surprise when we found out this structure had formerly been a retirement home. Location was great, just 2 blocks from the Beverly Center and right near Beverly Hills. This hotel was reasonably priced but there is a daily charge for valet parking. The valets could not have been nicer. I highly recommend this hotel to those who would prefer not to stay in a big city chain hotel.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, good price, could use one improvement As stated, good location, with Beverly Hills just to the west and Hollywood to the north. Minimalist, modern furnishing. Enjoyed the free breakfast and free Internet access off from the lobby. Food at the restaurant across the street (Jan's, which also does room service) was also good. Only problem was the walls were paper-thin and you can hear people talking in the next room.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dutchbairn
<Content>A little bit of luxury and cool Saw this on the internet and decided to give it a try. Just as good as Tripadvisor said and like the photos as well. Check-in and valet parking done professionally, great stock of mini-bar treats. Unfortunate was the room view which seem to be below street and not with much view. In any case, very relaxing and we left refreshed and ready for a trip north. Beverly Center, HRC and lots of great shopping within walking distance, Sunset and Beverly Hills just a short drive away.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elarbee
<Content>modern, quiet, great value On our first visit to LA from Australia we stayed here. Found it on the net and booked it direct, great rates. I would stay here again.What we liked Modern reception and tasteful rooms Staff were always friendly and helpful, but also laid back Location was perfect for getting round LA ( with a car ) and the suburb behind it felt very safe Broadband internet in room Continential breakfast. No hot food but still very nice Great rates, this hotel offers good value for moneyWhat we didnt like The street its on aint no scene of beauty, just traffic and a tire repair shop next door. Only one bathrobe in the room and it had a funky brown stain on it No kettle in the room ( which is par for the course in the US )  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great at the start, but disappointed in the end My friends and I truly enjoyed the free continental breakfast that was available. The hotel was based close to the Beverly Center and the location was ideal in driving to other attractions.However we were charged for parking when we clearly did not even park there on the first night we stayed. Like many people, we would like to save money on trips, therefore we opted not to have valet parking. We feel like we are wrongfully accused to of something we did not do. Due to this circumstance, our stay here was ruinned.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bijou2006
<Content>Highly Recommended Decided to stay here after having read reviews from others. Room #225 is the junior suite and has large sitting area. The staff, bed, beverage prices in the fridge are ALL way above average and the hotel is highly recommended. One night we asked for a nice Italian restaurant nearby and the staff recommended Pane E Vino which is a few blocks away. It had the best pizza and charbroiled steak we've ever had in LA. Thank you so much and I'm sure I'll return again.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above and Beyond! The service upon arrival was outstanding! The room was nicely appointed, the hotel staff was very friendly and pro-active with delivering my packages to my room prior to my arrival. They even had me pre-registered! The continental breakfast was more than just your typical juice and muffin. This hotel was the cleanest that I have seen in a long time. I have recommended it to all of my friends and colleagues.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KPF561
<Content>Best Deal in LA Much more comfortable than the faded hipness at the Standard, and the staff is incredibly friendly. It is very near a busy intersection, but even though my room was on the front of the hotel, noise was minimal. Nice linens, a small but efficient bathroom, nice amenities, and a fitness room all for an incredible price. The breakfast was very good as well. This is my new hotel-home when in LA!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely the best for the money   showReview(1492932, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cheezy
<Content>An absolutely wonderful experience   showReview(1483711, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful   showReview(1419568, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Service - KUDOS   showReview(1399357, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Four star treatment at the Elan   showReview(1363674, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmr2r
<Content>Great find.   showReview(1149180, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Find in LA   showReview(931067, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good, Not Great   showReview(922767, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The best!   showReview(681911, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Great Small Hotel, Great Location   showReview(678002, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kel-sbd
<Content>Excelente Hotel. No busqu茅is m谩s!!!!   showReview(22915180, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Levi97
<Content>Correcto   showReview(22328200, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>FadaM
<Content>Volvere   showReview(20502273, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bien situ茅, plut么t bons services mais mal insonoris茅...   showReview(15578927, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retourne sans h茅siter !   showReview(13985204, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Fabio_BCN
<Content>Uno dei migliori hotel in cui sia mai stato   showReview(12583046, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gut, aber nicht 眉berw盲ltigend   showReview(11309745, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yschi
<Content>Prima Hotel!   showReview(7807697, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un rapport qualit茅 prix OK....   showReview(11396420, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel a minima mais tres fonctionnel et tres propre   showReview(11336617, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

