<Author>Eiger20
<Content>Great location and service My wife and I stayed at Casa Alta Vista for 2 nights in December. Overall, the room was worth the price. The room we had was small but had enough room for two people (assuming you aren't spending much time in the room). The bathroom was sufficient and for the most part clean. We actually had a spectacular view of the mountains from a small window in our shower (Rm #12). The service was excellent and we found that the staff went out of their way to accomodate us (make dinner reservations, give directions, taxi pick-up's, etc.). The rooftop deck has an amazing view and is great for lounging at night and for eating a quick breakfast (for cheap and easy breakfast go to La Dulce _____ panederia - walk one block towards ocean and make first left and then first right). We also had our own patio area where where we could hang wet clothes, snokel gear, etc. (seperate patio but not secluded from view of other rooms). Esperanza main strip is only 5 min walk from hotel. A few minor down sides were tin roof (we had 3rd floor room and heavy rains were LOUD), roosters making noise quite often (yes, even in middle of night), and rental charges for everything (bikes, towels, chairs, etc.) We rented bikes for $15/day from hotel but they were in pretty poor condition. We were able to bike all the way to Blue Beach but it took an hour and was difficult since bikes were stuck in low gear. Be careful snorkeling at Red Beach. We swam out to island about 100 yds off shore only to realize that current on way in was very strong. I would not suggest doing this without fins unless you are VERY strong swimmer and even take caution with fins if you are a strong swimmer. Currents can be dangerous and ther are no warnings. Snorkeling really wasn't worth the effort. Note that if you plan to rent a car, many rental places have minimum 3 day rentals during high season. The small, basic rooms are made up for by the great location and roof top views. The convenience store downstairs is nice to grab a snack or a 6-pack of beer. I'm guessing this is one of best accomadations near Esperanza for this price range. Our favorite beach was Blue Beach and Playa Luna. If you get there in teh morning you can easily have 300 yds of sand to yourself. We loved the beaches on Vieques and the lack of crowds made it all the more wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>WMW63
<Content>Love Casa Alta Vista We just returned from Vieques. Tha hotel is well located from Esperanza, the beach and the restaurants. The acommodations were simple but very clean with a small fridge and a microwave in the room. The staff is friendly, knowledgeable and very helpful.They made our reservations for the Bio Bay tours with Island Adventures and it was perfect. Perfect hotel for the active traveler who enjoys a very active day in the island outside of the property and just wants a nice and clean room to rest. It also offers a small store where supplies at modest prices. They also rent beach chairs, coolers and beach towels.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kylie_adie
<Content>Accomodations fit for a Mofongo We have just returned from a 4 day stay at Casa Alta Vista. The hotel was only 5 minutes walk from our favorite breakfast hangout, Belly Buttons, in the sleepy town of Esperanza. We enjoyed a lazy afternoon lounging on the patio, enjoying both a mountain and ocean view and listening to the random crowing of roosters from surrounding houses. The amenities were clean and decent, but we felt the bedroom and bathroom could have benefited from a makeover. There was no HBO or CNBC, only Spanish TV shows, but we had no problem with that, since it allowed us to catch up with our reading. The staff were friendly, laid back and informative. IMO, while this hotel was not particularly conducive for a romantic getaway, we agreed that it was a good experience overall. We even named one of the endearing house cats, Mofongo, after our favorite Puerto Rican plantain dish.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>CableTec
<Content>Beautiful Experience!       Casa Alta Vista - Front View  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scookster2002
<Content>Outstanding Guesthouse!       Sunset view from sun deck  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>S_Bettac
<Content>Check out Tradewinds first Our beds were literally crawling with bugs. I had to spray them down with Off before we could sleep in them and even then we had bites. The toilet ran all night mimicking the sound of mom, mom, so I couldn't sleep. The way the rooms are set up if anyone in the near vicinity arrives to their room in the middle of the night (frequent occurence) it sounds like your door being opened Which, by the way, we found out could be done very easily by a butter knife when we locked ourselves out of the room and could not reach anyone at the resort to help us. We loved the gal at the front desk that greeted us the first day, but the buck stopped there. Try Tradewinds (or pretty well anywhere else) if you plan to visit. I would not recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>dianaprince4
<Content>Great location Very basic ........ but centrally located ....... a/c worked great..... very convenient store downstairs . Great if you need a decent place to shower and crash after a day of exploring or being at the beach. Check in staff very helpful ......... provided me with a local map and pointed out popular locations. They also arranged to rent me a jeep which they have right on the property for a decent rate.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>juzzme
<Content>You will not regret this My husband and I stayed at Casa Alta Vista for 2 nights.It is located in a convenient location. About 5 minutes walk to a stretch of restaurants.Casa also provide simple breakfast like cereal,muffins,coffee.The staff are super friendly and ever so helpful which makes our stay even more comfortable.I will definitely recommend Casa to other travellers.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Escopeton
<Content>Nice place for a nicer island       Patios on third floor.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Landoryan
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay       Media Luna Beach  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DeucesOfTheGreatNW
<Content>PR first timers Checked-in without any problems. We made out reservations by phone and received a nice email confirmation. We stayed on the top floor and had a view over the trees to the water. As with most of the other reviews, we found the room to be small and you will basically want to use it for sleeping, showering, and changing. Small fridge in the room is very convenient. Store downstairs as all the basics and very reasonable prices. Staff is friendly and helpful. We rented both a scooter and car directly from the CAV, but you'll probably want to make sure these are available when you make your reservation and/or checkin. Roof patio is a communal area and we met several friendly guests up there, including some who we would eventual go to dinner and drinks with... Town is just 2 blocks away. Roosters will wake you up nice and early, but the neighborhood is good and fairly quiet. We had islandwide power outages while there, but this is common on Vieques and not CAV's fault. CAV has lukewarm water most of the time, but it gets you just as clean as hot water so deal with it. Overall, a nice clean place to rest your head with more services and advice than you would expect from a small average looking hotel.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>jsbby
<Content>Very affordable and wonderful service We first stayed at Casa Alta Vista in Feb of '07 we enjoyed the hotel. Especially the roof deck , the views are wonderful. A Nice quiet place. We also liked the fact that we could get up every morning and go to the malecon for breakfast, and just to hang out and take in the scenery. The rooms were nice .We basically just , showered and slept . The accomodations were great. A refrigerator in the room kept our snacks and drinks cold. The beds were made and rooms cleaned everyday. Awesome.Very affordable.. We are going back in April '08. Can't wait. Nice thing is , we are in the same room we were in last year. We have two boys and they also had no complaints at all about anything. Great famiy place.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hawkfish
<Content>Adequate This hotel wasn鈥檛 too bad. We stayed there four nights in March 2008. The best thing was that it was quiet and just a short, pleasant walk to the malecon area of Esperanza. For this reason, it鈥檚 probably better than the guesthouses right on the malecon, which I think would be rather noisy. There was a small refrigerator in the room, and the hotel has a convenience store right downstairs where you can purchase drinks and snacks. The young woman who handled check-in and ran the store seemed nice and helpful. Also, the room price was fairly moderate by Vieques standards. However, the room was small, dark, and cramped. This is a place that you just want to use for sleeping, not hanging out during the day. There was a semi-private balcony that was good for drying our snorkeling gear and towels, but it looked out directly on a partially constructed house next door. The rooms on the top floor above us (we were in room #3) might have a better view and are probably preferable. The air conditioning was adequate, and the room seemed clean, although in the dark light it was hard to tell. The shower was big, but there was never any hot water for any of my showers. The water came out slightly tepid, so you could stand it. My friend did manage to get one hot shower one afternoon, so hot water does apparently exist on sporadic occasions. In summary, this hotel is probably adequate for one or two night stay and may be a reasonable value by Vieques standards, but if you are staying longer, you may want a little nicer place.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>jdbird
<Content>Really Made our Stay in Vieques Easy and Fun Except for one early and unexpected booking problem we had an excellent experience here. What I loved most was that it felt like a home base of sorts for our vacation. We were absolutely new to the island and the people there really helped us out. They were kind, helpful and enthusiastic about giving us suggestions on the things we absolutely had to do before we left Vieques. They booked our Bio Bay tour for us and went out of their way to get us a scooter when we did not reserve one. If you are staying on Vieques I recommend getting a car. We had a great time on the scooter but there were some rough roads that would have been easier to travel over in a car.Casa Alta Vista is not fancy but it was exactly what we needed. It felt very integrated into the town itself and I felt connected with the island experience. It was also ideally located for Esperanza. We only had to walk a few blocks down the hill to get to the town and we could walk back up and sleep in relative quiet when we were done. They also have a great roof deck. I would encourage anyone going to Vieques to stay at Casa Alta Vista.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>jyv22
<Content>Great Place, Very Affordable Casa Alta Vista was a very affordable place to pretty much sleep. The rooms are small, and contain only the absolute necessities, but that was not a big deal to us, as we were only there to sleep and shower. We stayed in room 9. We didnt have any problems with the room at all, except for small flying bugs that would follow you inside the door. It's great having the store downstairs, we constantly stocked up on drinks and snacks to take to the beach.It was really convenient, especially since the green store was about a 15-20 minute walk away. We also rented snorkeling gear and some beach towels for about 10 bucks. It's a short walk to the malecon(about 5 min), which was a pretty safe walk. I always was paranoid at night tho, the streets were kind of dark and the people drive a little crazy. The staff was really nice :-) There are no food places directly next to the place, you will have to walk to the malecon or drive to different places. We couldn't find a car to rent, but it worked out well for us. We walked everywhere and had an amazing time snorkeling by the pier and at Cayo Afuera. Sombe was a beautiful beach with only a handful of people around. A great place to get a drink and enjoy the music is on the malecon, I think it was called La Nasa or something like that. The drinks are pretty cheap and they play great salsa music, they have a little deck that overlooks the water. We loved hanging out at Duffy's the locals are so nice :-) We had a great dinner at El Quenepo also. Banana's pina coladas are yummy too!!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>joedestin
<Content>Not Bad!!       Donna gefielen die Pferde am Strand  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kelley425
<Content>Stay here!!! comfortable, affordable, informative  This place was just what we were looking for! Accomodations were clean, comfortable and afforable... just what we needed and more, a HOT shower with great water pressure, spacious for 2 people, there is a roof area to sit that has an incredible view of the island and at night, star gazing. We stayed in room 4 on the second level. Laid back, friendly atmosphere, helpful staffThere is a convienent store on the ground floor, coffee and muffins complimentary in the AM (rumor has it that they will be building a breakfast nook area soon for additional breakfast food, great idea!). The hotel is literally steps to town, 3 minute walk to town of Esperanza (Hope in spanish),The town has restaurants, bars and a beach to go snorkeling. Best way to get around is to rent a truck to see ALL the amazing beaches. Okay and best part, hotel owner, Mark is passionate about the island and making sure your stay is not only pleasant but that you experience the best the island has to offer. Gave us a map and descibed each beach, good restaurants/bars, and which Biobay tour to take. He made us feel right at home. We only had 2 nights and 2 days to see the island, should have spent all of time right here at Casa Alta Vista in Vieques than on mainland PR. what an adventure!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>n_nosh
<Content>Great people, perfect place The place is perfect in price, location, comfort, facilities etc.Mark (the owner) was extremely helpful, rented us his Isuzu trooper and gave us great recommendations. A special thanks to Wayne who gave us a ride to the airport, when we woke him up at 6:45AM!!! (remember this is an vacation island) because our taxi did not show. Did not even have to ask! Thanks Wayne!  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xuquer
<Content>The Best Place to Stay in Vieques       Aussicht vom Balkon  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	-1	5	5	3	

<Author>Alicia Del Mar
<Content>Casa Alta Vista We visit Casa Alta Vista, during august10-13. Our stay was what I expected, becase it is not an hotel, we felt, at home. The employees,and the owner were very friendly , including the cat. Prices at the store, are very good. Vieques, like always, is very beautifull...  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beachbum371
<Content>Excellent place to get away from it all This place was absolutely amazing. The hotel was nothing fancy, but it had exactly what we needed. The view from our room was gorgeous and the people who worked there were so helpful and nice. When we come back to Vieques, we will definitely stay with Casa Alta Vista!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>qb20
<Content>cheap place to crash, not much else We were very pleased with the staff - everyone was awesome and superfriendly. The room was very very basic, which is what you pay for. This is not the place to go to if you want to relax or be pampered, but if you just need a cheap place to crash and aren't too demanding, then this will be fine. Also, free wireless! When we were looking at a hotel in Vieques, our budget was our main concern. We paid about $80-90/night here, taxes included, and though we had a pleasant enough experience, I think I would stay elsewhere if I ever came back. Here is why: I would either pay more to have a beachfront location + all included amenities (at Casa Alta Vista you are nickledimed for *everything* so that in the end it is not so cheap, plus it would be worth it to pay a bit more to be on the beach), or I would stay in Isabel II instead of Esperanza - Esperanza is supertouristy, and all of the restaurants are run by Americans - at American prices!!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>staritasf
<Content>AMAZING!       The front of the Malecon  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GlobalTravelerBoston
<Content>What a DUMP... there are much better accomodations for the same price Stayed for one night at Casa Alta to do a bio tour. This place was just disgusting. If you must stay here check out the room first before you hand over your credit card. I was first given room #1, very dark and damp, had a basement feel since it was on the ground floor half buried in dirt. At first the check in person at the convenience store would not give me another room stating that everything was taken until we realized that the toilet was leaking into the bedroom. At first he told us to just turn the water valve off on the back of the toilet. When I threatened to leave to go to another place down the road he gave us another room on the upper floor. It was not much better but at least the toilet didn鈥檛 leak and the sheets looked clean. I was afraid to look under the mattress. If it wasn鈥檛 so late at night and if I was staying more than one night I would have left.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zckzack
<Content>casa alta vista This review is long overdue ( 11 months), but I feel compelled to dash off a few superlatives describing the Vieques experience, and help my fellow traveler.. Most deserving of mil  kudos is Ricky in Casa Alta Vista. He provided the most in-depth, no-nonsense knowledge and advice about the island beyond my loftiest expectations. This was only exceeded by his excellent attention given to our accomodations, thereby giving my wife and I the perfect vacation. Though fairly helpful, the remainder of the staff was far outshone by Ricky, the go -to- guy. After ten days, and numerous Medallos and pasteles para desayunos, this guy was like a brother and by the time we left, yo creo que  Yo soy Boricua.My advice: Plan your trip around the new moon for the optimum bioluminescent experience ( Caribe): stay in Esperanza rather than Isabella; El Topatio was a lesser known restaurant that had good local cooking. Crows Nest, Tropical Baby, and Bananas are okay in their own ways and less adventurous. Snorkel all the beaches because each is unique beyond appearance. While traversing a bay ( nothing but sand) to snorkel the other side, we spotted a manta ray with a nine foot wing span. The island is beautiful, pristine, and should be seen and respected. Enjoy accordingly.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MotherMayI
<Content>Nice stay with Family In June 2007, our family of 6 was very grateful to have found a place where we could all be together to experience the Bio Bay. We went to specifically visit the Bio Bay. We stayed in the family room and it served it's purpose. Other places wanted me to book two non-connecting room which was out of the question as we have 3 small daughters and my husband and I wanted for ALL of us to be together; not down the hall from each other. This was a WONDERFUL place to rest after a long hot day at the most beautiful beaches I've seen. (Navio, Media Luna, Red, Blue, etc) It is not luxury but I knew that when I booked it. We would be exploring the island and just needed a place to call base. You can also walk to the main road from here. Management was VERY helpful and knowledgeable. The TV did not work but as a family we were able to talk about our Vieques adventure, and just have some good conversation and laughs. If you need a place to call base THIS IS IT. The mini mart is also a plus when you have little ones and we were even able to rent a clean cooler and ice for days at the beach. A clean microwave and fridge was also a plus as we bought food from the local food stands (delicious!) and had enough for lunch and dinner. If we ever return to Vieques, we will book with Casa Alta Vista.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>Keys traveller
<Content>Very basic - you get what you pay for       Corner area of porch outside room #12  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>EinarDeb
<Content>Can we move in? My husband's company booked 3 nights for us in a resort on the big island. However, we decided to see a bit of Puerto Rico on our own first, and booked 2 nights at the Casa Alta Vista on Vieques. It was heaven! No TV and no phone in the room, but to us, that just added to the charm. The staff were awesome - from JuanCarlos who detailed the various beaches on the map on check-in, to Mark, who offered to drive us to Navio Beach and took the time to make sure we knew our way back, and where all the beaches were. We were warned about mosquitos and I think we saw 2. This is not a 5 star resort. If you come here expecting that, you will be disappointed. The dog and cat are at home in the lobby. Everyone is very laid back. But our room was clean and the staff treated us like family. We would DEFINITELY go back to Casa Alta Vista. Those 2 days were the best days of our entire week.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InternationalMale
<Content>If you like loud a/c, mosquitos, and busted doors - stay here I can tell you our honest experience at this hotel. We stayed for two nights. You can draw your own conclusion as to how they beat out the Ritz Carlton, Sheraton, Water Club Hotel, Intercontinental and many other world class hotels to be ranked #2 in Puerto Rico.- We were given a can of mosquito spray to kill the mosquitos INSIDE our room. My wife woke up with 5-10 mosquito bites in the morning and we both got to enhale dioxin fumes from the spray all night. - Our room, #1, is a basement room as in the feeling of a damp cellar. The patio elegantly described in other postings is enclosed by cinder blocks, a bathroom that non-hotel guests use and the janitorial closet. The far side of the gorgeous patio has all of the scooters and bikes available for rental.- The security chain on our door was broken and was not replaced. The normal door lock was broken and would only lock when slammed repeatedly until catching as advised by the staff. There is no safe and they are not responsible for theft. - The air conditioner sounds like an unmodified Cessna 172. Turn it off to sleep and it feels like the suana at the Sheraton.- The TV gets NO english channels. One channel comes in clear and all the remaining four channels are covered in snow.- All of the bedspreads are stained with we only can image what when you look at the reverse side, ewe. Every bathroom towel had stains on them, ewe.- Another posting is correct that the dog doesn't bark next door. They stand across the street to howl instead. It is perfect because there is no alarm clock or phone so you can rely on the dogs to wake you up in the morning.- I can't criticize the hotel for the kids running back and forth in the room above us. What I do agree with is that the hotel is conceivably quieter than staying on the main drag two blocks away. However, since you need to rent a car to get around, I would highly recommend staying at much nicer and far less tourist rip off places on the other side of the island (5 minutes away) and commuting the five minutes to this side to take a look. There is more than ample parking, or heck, take a horse that you find tied up ever 100 ft or so.We did find out from the locals that no one even eats at the restaurants on this side of the island because they are for the tourists. I did enjoy the food at Tradewinds. Otherwise, there are some great road side stands and better restaurants on the other side of the island.Oh, a quick tip if you do stay here. If you lean cross way in front of the tv with the door open and hold your foot on the garbage can, you can get one bar on your cell phone to get a call as reflected from the cinder block patio.Another tip. Island Rental car has the best rental car rates ($60 rather than $85 at other places) and gave us great service. They don't have hotel pickup but the cab ride is only $3/person to get your car. Everything is only five minutes from whereever you are.If you do the awesome bio-bay trip at night, bring your own waterproof flashlight (it is sooo dark) and mosquito spray. Both are MUST HAVES now that we went.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>KentuckyCoqui
<Content>Beware of management We stayed at the Casa Alta Vista in May for our 1st year anniversary. The place is ok, and the beaches are great. Overall our stay was ok, but we had some big problems with how the staff at Casa Alta Vista handled our reservations for a bio-bay tour. They kept making mistake after mistake. This has left us with a bad feeling for the place and the reason why we give it such a low rating. The receptionist assured us that the problems with the bio bay tour were corrected, however when we got back and looked at our credit card statement we realized that the problem was never corrected. In short we were charged for a tour that they erroneously booked us on and we never took. They booked us for tours with 2 different companies to the same place at the same time. Casa Alta Vista blames this error on the tour company and the tour company blames the error on Casa Alta Vista. So neither are willing to refund us the erroneous charge. We contacted Casa Alta Vista to resolve the dispute but they have refused to refund the charges. We will contact our credit card company to see what they can do for us.We are very disappointed by their lack of accountability. My family lives in Puerto Rico and we visit at least once a year. We were impressed by the beautiful beaches of Vieques and were planning on taking another trip on our next visit to Puerto Rico. We would probably stay longer next time and bring some other friends. However we will not stay at Casa Alta Vista or recommend it to anyone. The amount in dispute is small, however we can not help but feel ripped off and this is why we are making such an effort for such a small amount. If we do not recover the money, it will not bother us that much but we will never want to do business with Casa Alta Vista again after observing their lack of accountability.Beware if you are staying at or booking a tour through Casa Alta Vista. It is probably best to book your tour yourself if you do stay with them.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OU1
<Content>Comforts of home in paradise Staying at Casa Alta Vista was one of the best experiences during my stay in Vieques. The beautiful scenery was complemented by a great house converted to a hotel with all of the comforts of home. The rooms were wonderful, but nothing exquisite. Yet, the people at Casa Alta Vista made it absolutely memorable. They all treat you as if you are family, especially if you are far away from your home. Downstairs is the local hangout, where you can buy groceries if you don't wish to travel to town. I would whole heartedly recommend Casa Alta Vista to anyone wanting to visit the beautiful island of Vieques. It is not far from the beach, has a great view from the roof (where you may grill as you please), and wonderful people. What's not to like?  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>camphillbilly
<Content>Its was home! When running away from the daily grind, and landing on a small island one would think that the catch of the day could be most anything. While I did read that the Alta Vista was plain, its much more than that. Simplicity is vital in a state of being. While at nights, especially weekends, it can be noisy, the owners were very gracious in making sure that the majority of night owls were well coached in the 11 PM down time.From the roof top in the evening you can watch the sun go down over the waters, the birds take flight back to the other side of the island and hear the sounds we often pay for on CD's in the States. Tropical birds, roosters and wild horses roamed and flew around freely. The roads are winding and publico's are loco but you get used to it in a hurry. We took Mark's mo-ped service and decided to do some free lance touring of the island. This is how you find the food, country style!!! Look for road side servers and watch the traffic flow. Many of the restaurants on the island are great but several are rip offs. Buy from the locals, you'll get your money's worth 9 out of 10 times. I miss my little room there even though I have a huge home and all the amenities. Its one of those places where a person could easily find themselves trading one life for another in order to really live and live great!Bill  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lexington8
<Content>Great value and service for the budget conscious!       Ever see a 400 year old tree? Now you have!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanfrannie
<Content>Good hotel if you are in a Vieques state of mind I thought being rated #2 was going to land me in a under-priced jem. Far from. This was worth the $80 I spent a night and not a penny more or less. I really like it once I had thrown my expectations out and adjusted to the quiet island of Vieques, far away from the four-star resorts that speckle the rest of the Carribean. Truth of the hotel - run down, but very clean. It kinda looks like I built the hotel myself and I don't even know the first thing about building a gingerbread house: mismatched tiles, crooked doors, narrow hallways...the funniest part was the furniture. I can't imagine that the furnishings were bought anywhere other than a ghetto garage sale. But like I said, it was clean, oh, and comfortable. I peaked around the island at other hotels and they were the same, mostly, or similar. Except that our room had air conditioning which isn't promised everywhere. Albeit our air conditioner did have towels stuffed around it to prevent it from leaking. The hospitality was TOP-NOTCH!! Absolutely what you would find at the Four Seasons. I would recommend it with a disclaimer - do not expect anything fancy or nice. Expect a clean, no frills, great hospitality tree house with air conditioning :)  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	2	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>OGboston
<Content>Great Value on Vieques The accomodations at Casa Alta Vista are as pleasant as the people; all smiles. The location is set back; right off the main strip of Esperanza. A selection of great restaurants and evening entertainment is a short walk away. During the day it's even better with four beautifully distinct beaches right off the strip. This is the place to stay in Vieques; best beaches and food on the Island. Mark, the owner, and his staff are great. Rental cars on the Island sell out quick and we didn't make a reservation. Mark offered to drive us to the beach for the day, but we ended up getting lucky when Mark called a friend and drove us to the guys house so we could get a car he regularly rents out. They have coffee in the morning for anyone who wants it. The roof deck is a great spot to watch the sun rise, or set, with nice ocean views. The rooms were clean and ours had a fridge and AC. Good value and highly recommended.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NeptuneHouston
<Content>Great location, Friendly staff I just got back from a week in Puerto Rico, and it was wonderful. While the 1st 3 days were paid for by the company, I spent 3 additonal days on my own. One night was spent at Casa Alta Vista. It was clean and comfortable, and the staff was very accomodating. Dan the Man was very helpful as was Mark. I could walk to the local attractions, but recommend a vehicle if you want to explore Red or Blue Beach or other parts of the island. It is a small hotel with a personal touch that really is welcome in today's bigger is better attitude. I would stay there again and wish I had more time this trip. My girlfriend really enjoyed sitting on the balcony in the morning drinking coffee (or beer in the evening.0  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>teeves
<Content>Quaint and Convenient Casa Alta Vista offers its patrons a good place to stay for a reasonable price. My friends and I stayed in room 1 (only room on the first floor) which had its own large patio. The room had two full beds, television; small, two-drawer nightstand; refrigerator, fan, A/C, and private bathroom. The shower curtain was torn and moldy, but I didn't care much. The room was clean when we checked in and the housekeeping staff maintained it every day while we were out exploring the island, which was a major plus since we trekked in a lot of sand.I have friends on the island that showed us around, but I witnessed firsthand how accommodating the staff and owner, Mark, were for other tourists who asked for help and advice. The convenience store was a great asset for snacks, drinks, and even snorkel gear rentals (among other things). The public rooftop area had plenty of chairs and a grill, and offered a great view of the surrounding area, mountains, and ocean.We didn't have any problem with barking dogs waking us up at night. There was a dog next door, but he didn't make much noise during the night. We didn't hear any chickens. The noisiest things were the A/C (you can set the fan to a lower speed when sleeping) and the rain hitting the metal A/C unit from the outside (which is beyond Casa Alta Vista's control).Casa Alta Vista is on the main road that leads to the popular tourist and local strip called Malecon. However, it's far enough down the road (1-2 minute walk) where it's quiet and away from the hustle and bustle of the restaurants, but close enough to still be convenient. (Tip: Try not to eat most meals at restaurants that line the Malecon strip--food is very expensive. Buy breakfast and lunch from little bakeries and road-side stands. They may seem shady, but the food is tasty and very cheap.)The beach is just across the street, but it's mostly a boat harbor. Sun Bay is farther down the road, perhaps a five minute walk. I would highly recommend renting a Jeep and going out to Navio Bay (between Sun Bay and Bio Bay) because it's less crowded and the sand and water are pristine. Our local friends took us to many beaches, but we always returned to Navio at the end of each day. (Tip: If there are spotty showers in the forecast, don't run away. Just stay at the beach and the rain may pass in five minutes. What's a few little rain drops if you'll be swimming in an ocean anyway?)To summarize, you may be taken aback at it's homely appearance, but you should never expect a high-end resort on the island without paying a couple hundred dollars a night. We enjoyed our stay at Casa Alta Vista. It was convenient, the staff was helpful, and the rooms were well-maintained. We already want to plan another trip and this hotel will be our first choice for lodging.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>superflygirl123
<Content>Casa Alta Vista is da bomb Casa Alta Vista was clean, the people were friendly, it was a decent, nice, inexpensive place to stay. We chose this place because of the wonderful reviews on Trip Advisor. It is located in a great place, central to the strip of restaurants and small (overpriced) shops. There is a nice bakery around the corner with sandwiches and inexpensive eats, great pizza. Not much to say about the hotel except that they are nice, clean, all you want in a little island hotel, and at a great price! We had a very positive experience with this place.Other things about Vieques - You must rent a car in Vieques - no other way to get around the island, really.Biobay is a MUST. We did Aquafrenzy Kayaks with Tim. We did the tour where we went to the mangroves and the private beach that you can only reach by kayak, and then to the biobay which was absolutely amazing. Beware there is a lot of muck in the mangroves, its an interesting experience totally worth the $75. I learned a lot. I could have passed on the harmonica playing and singing country songs that Tim did though. Tim is a little bit of a character, a self proclaimed hick from somewhere in middle America I should say, and has some racist comments here and there which were a bit offensive. I don't think he knew that he was being offensive, because he was nice otherwise, a little bit of a creepy vibe though (if you are females).We went to some awesome beaches, they had some people but it did not ruin the experience it just made us feel completely safe, none of this stuff about people rummaging through your car when you were on the sand, pickpocketing, etc. We were 3 girls - kind of wary about Vieques due to these reviews, but never once did we feel unsafe.Vieques was awesome.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>dgdvm
<Content>Friendly owner, convenient, great views       View From the Rooftop Patio  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Jessica45730
<Content>Perfect island experience!       Front View  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AmberVacation
<Content>Simple and Easy I stayed at Casa Alta Vista in March. I went to Vieques by myself and this was a good place to stay for doing so. There was a group a little bit younger than myself staying at the hotel and they were very friendly. I would classify this place as a cross between a hostel and a hotel. It was very clean and the staff was very helpful, but one of the blinds in my room was stuck up. It may still be that way. They helped me schedule a tour of the bioilluminescent bay (which was absolutely fantastic). Don't expect too much from the store. It's mostly junk food. Honestly though, this was my favorite part of my trip to Puerto Rico and I kind of wish I had stayed longer.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mollypants
<Content>Good Place There are no marriots or chain hotels on vieques, just small guesthouses. casa alta vista was great for me and my boyfriend to stay at. The rooms are on the small side, but who goes to vieques to stay in the room? There's no TV in the rooms, but there is free wireless internet, which was a pleasant surprise. There's also a fridge, and a market downstairs to get beer, food, towels, umbrellas, etc. We had a room with a balconey/patio area with a hammock, which was great. The hotel is a block or so from the strip. im glad I didn't stay right on the strip because I imagine it would be loud. Casa Alta Vista only had the noise of the neighbors, but it wasn't a problem. We could also walk to the great beaches. The owner was really helpful. We didn't rent a car (even though everyone said to) and he actually drove us to a beach 3 or 4 miles away, and dropped us off. We walked back, and he helped make our day perfect!  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>srblue
<Content>Great Basic Hotel in a Quieter Location       Room 3  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mayalavender
<Content>comfortable, quiet, great location This guest house is located in the southern tourist village of Esperanza, within walking distance of some beautiful beaches. My room was clean. The bed was comfortable. The a/c worked , and I had a lovely view. Up on the rooftop is a working BBQ grill for any guest to use - also a perfect place to watch the sunset! Downstairs in the lobby/market there is a microwave and hot coffee as well as some basic provisions (ice, drinks, some food) for purchase. The owner seemed quite helpful with the young guests, even driving some without their own rental cars to a beach on the other side of the island, then picking them up later in the day. I had a great first visit to Vieques, and would be happy to stay at this place again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hanoverfolks
<Content>neat spot!! We really enjoyed our 2 day stay there. Mark, the owner, is incredibly personable and helpful. While we were there, he went out at 9pm to pick up a stranded couple at another hotel to put them up last minute.When we left, i left my credit card at the hotel. Mark drove it out to me at the vieques airport!! It is located a short walk out of the main village, but not very far. A car or scooter is preferable to see the whole island, but there are many beaches and restaurants close by. there are also many cabs to get around.definitely not the ritz or a sleek hotel in san juan, but the rooms are very clean and the staff couldn't be more helpful!! You really can see the bay from the top of the building!! and it's not far away in reality!!we'd go back there next time for sure!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dapirate
<Content>Pleasantly surprised. I arrived Jan. 4th, early evening. I have to admit, that I was taken back by the appearance of the place when I arrived. But, don't judge a book , or a Hotel by it's cover. Check in was quick and painless. On short notice, they arranged a Bio Bay tour for that evening. That was just the first of many little things the staff did to help me during my stay. In the lobby you can get a cup of coffee, bottled water, soda, even frozen entr茅es. They have snorkeling gear and directions to the many beaches. Casa Alta Vista is one of the few Hotels that don鈥檛 charge a single traveler double rates. At $81 and change (tax included), my single room had the 3rd best view from the Hotel. The best view was from the sun deck right above me. The room had it's own bathroom with shower, and an air conditioner. With the breeze, I never need to use it though. If you are looking to stay at the Hilton, don't stay here. If you are looking to say someplace where you can quickly shift into Island Time, then this is the place. Just off the beaten path, it is quite. Yet only a 5 minute walk from the Malecon, where everything is jumping. When they say Good times, good people they are not pulling your leg. I really did not want to leave on the 11th. Next time I go back to Vieques, I will book with Casa Alta Vista, and book the same room.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAS25
<Content>Great honeymoon spot Vieques proved to be a great location to get away from everything for our honeymoon. Orlando did a fantastic job orienting us to the island, drawing on our map where roads did not exist so we could get to all the marvelous beaches. He also gave valuable restaurant suggestions and booked our bio-bay trip for us, which was wonderful as we only stayed on Vieques for only 3 nights. We stayed in room 12, which I believe is the only one whose veranda overlooks the water. It was a simple room, but the bed was comfortable and it had a small fridge. We rented beach gear from CAV, so no need to lug towels, etc from home. The convenience store on the first floor also came in handy. I highly recommend renting a Jeep before arriving (Martiza Car Rental dropped off our Jeep at CAV). Keep in mind that this is not a place for those who love the night life, as most restaurants close by 10.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>MyAdvice
<Content>OK for one night stay I can best describe the Casa Alta Vista as a one diamond lodging with a five diamond staff. My family stayed there for only one night (so we could do the biobay tour) and stayed in room 7. There were three 鈥渞ooms鈥?in room 7, two bedrooms and a kitchen area. I use the word room loosely here as there were no interior doors separating the areas in this concrete structure. There was also no glass in the windows, just shutters and screens. That was OK, except you could hear noise from the roosters, dogs, and people partying next door. It wasn鈥檛 bad though, because is located in the residential part of town a few blocks away from the bars that the other guest houses in Esperanza were next too/above plus the room was air conditioned. I mention this because if you are expecting complete quiet at night you will be disappointed. The staff at the Casa Alta Vista was fantastic. I never had a hotel staff that was so friendly. When you arrive they will give you a map and show you everything that you need to know about the area including beaches, the biobay, a place to get breakfast early in the morning, etc. There is not much in Esperanza; a couple of restaurants, shops and a beach were within walking distance. We did not have a car and relied on a Publico鈥檚 to take us to/from the ferry dock. The first Publico that we talked to at the dock blew us off for a larger group. The second Publico was nice and took us to the Casa Alta Vista. We took the advice of other posters and gave him about a 50% tip and made arrangements with him to pick us up the next morning to take us back to the ferry dock which he did. The biobay tour also picked us up at the Casa Alta Vista so we really did not need a car. If you are staying more than one day, I would definitely recommend renting a jeep.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ifontaine
<Content>As perfect as it can get for Vieques!!       From the Front  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EngDevAdvisor
<Content>Xmas HoneyMoon Adventures       SunBay Beach  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jenniag
<Content>Loved everything about it - except for the darn dogs! We stayed at the Casa Alta Vista from 2/10 - 2/13. I loved everything about it. The rooms were basic but exactly what we expected. We had room #12 that had a hammock on the balcony. We had a view of the mountains and the ocean fom our balcony and rooftop. There is a store down below that sells snacks, drinks, and rents out chairs, towels, snorkeling gear for the beaches. It was great to have that right near us. The staff is great. Very helpful and fully described the maps. The rooms were very clean.We loved the rooftop views of the stars at night. I have never seen that many stars before in my life. The location is great - a short walk to the strip of restaurants in Esperanza. A very safe location. (although there was not anywhere in Vieques that we did not feel safe). I really did love it here but the one reason why I may not stay again is the dogs across the street. I had heard that we may hear roosters early in the morning and this is true (right around 4:30am and they don't stop until afternoon) but that wasn't much of an issue. However, there was a large group of dogs that lived at the property next door that would bark for a couple of hours at night. That was not fun. We would spend the next day yawning! I'm sure there isn't much the motel can do about that but I think that it's fair to warn people about it. Other than that we would stay here every year - maybe earplugs?? Jenni  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>trevasta
<Content>Great place to relax We stayed here last September and and a great experience!!! We are a young newlywed couple and we wanted a nice island getaway. We definitely got what we wanted.Our room was plain: two beds, a dresser, a mini refrigerator. No tv, which was fine by us. We didn't go to the caribbean to watch tv. The room was cleaned once per day and there were no issues with anything about the room.The staff was amazing. They treat you more like friends coming to visit their home rather than hotel staff. We were given a map and shown everything we needed/wanted to know about the island. One day we wanted to go to a great secluded beach, so the owner suggested one for us and drove us there. Also because it is a small island, the various staff seemed to know someone who worked for any company on the island that we wanted to contact and would call them for us. This was great for renting our car and getting the bio bay tour set up (the bio bay is a MUST!!!)We rented a scooter one day from them. It was a pretty beat up scooter, but ran well and got us where we needed to go.The hotel is located within short walking distance from the main strip of the tiny town of Esperanza. Isabel Segunda is a short 5 minute ride by car, scooter, or publico (like a taxi).  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BananasNY
<Content>A wonderful trip! This is a tiny island, don't go if you are expected fancy restaurants and the spectacular nightlife of a bigger more tourist orientated island. Casa Alta Vista was well priced for the room type and what they offered, the view was amazing, a beautiful sunset every night, the deck was shared, but each rooms section was partitioned off nicely. Our room was clean, (yes a bit outdated, but it did look like the picture in the website) housekeeping service was efficient and friendly, although they do smoke outside the rooms on their breaks which is not good for non-smokers. Location ideal for those wanting a peaceful trip and just a quick walk from the Esperanza Malecon. Mark, the owner was very accomodating and informative about what to do on the island. Yes, the dogs and chickens are audible, as are the clip clop of the horses going by but this is a tropical island and it lends toward the charm. We learned in Hawaii to always bring earplugs. Also be aware, if you are on the top floor the rains at night can be loud, luckily we think the rain is romantic. We'll go again!! ;)  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Donnercruz
<Content>An OK hotel This was a last minute booking so we could go to Bio Bay for the Bioluminescent experience. The hotel was cheap and the room fit our family, but we had a view of the building next door (close enough to touch. This place is no frills, but clean and close to town.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>cjennyjen
<Content>simply awful!!! Do not stay here! I found their website and the place looked gorgeous! I think they used fake pictures because this place does not look like their website. The cleaning staff was mediocre at best. They imply that they provide you with beach towels, and they will, for a daily charge. The apartment we were in had a decent layout, but the pillows were very mushy and very worn out. The bathroom was small and only had a shower stall with low water pressure. THere were a couple of missing planks in the floor that my daughter kept tripping on. We were told there was a view of the ocean from our room and there definitely was no hint of water to be seen. There is a LOT of noise! There were dogs barking day and night, staff doing laundry(which was right next to our room) roosters and chickens making their noise. UGGGH I am a pretty positive, go with the flow person. I wish I had something good to say about this hotel. I guess maybe that it was $125 per night and when you split that 5 ways, you have a cheap place to stay. I wanted a nice place to stay. The do have a small store where you can get beer, milk, DonQ, some staples like bread, peanut butter and jelly etc... Check the dates though, a lot of their stuff was close to expiring. We did have a balcony porch to sit on, but it was not exclusively ours.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>1	3	2	1	3	3	2	3	

<Author>walkabout_forever
<Content>Really nice ... excellent service Stayed here for 3 days early Jan, and had a fantastic time. The hotel was very nice, and the room was very big (we stayed in a family room because other's were booked). Would have been perfect for a family - very clean. The roof is awsome to watch the sunsets.We didn't rent a car - mostly because of the cost and because it was pretty much booked out. It was OK because we intended to spend a lot of time at the beach and generally chill out. We were talking to the owner, Mark, one morning, and he offered us to take a drive with him, and he spent 3-4 hours showing us all over the island - a tour that we couldn't have even done if we had rented a car. He took us to out of the way places, and 4wd'ing through the old naval reservation, beaches, and he showed us the old bomb shelters. He was very knowledgable about the island, and really gave us a complete history of Vieques. It really completed the trip for us ... and worth so much more than any tour could possibly provide.Absolutely recommend staying here, you won't regret it.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>pickatty
<Content>Okay stay; better room last time. Stayed here with my parents in March, and returned with my husband and teenagers for the biobay experience. We had the room on the main floor in March, and room 10 (second floor) this time. Not impressed with room 10!On check-in this time, there was a young man working behind the counter. He was polite, but I hope the issues were due to his lack of English skills rather than IQ. If he had simply said he didn't understand English, that would have made it a little easier to deal with!Room 10 had 2 beds and did accommodate the 4 of us. There was a small fridge, which was nice. However, the bathroom door did not latch  there was no shower curtain, so the teenagers (one boy  one girl) were rather horrified when in the shower or restroom that someone would walk in!.Generally, the room was clean. Unlike many of the other rooms, there was no balcony. We were only here one night on Dec. 28, so it was not a big deal to us, but if you are going to stay for any longer than a night, I strongly recommend getting a different room.On checkout, Mark (the owner) was there, and as he is known to do, spent some time giving great advice. He is a huge asset to this hotel.The hotel is not on the beach and has no pool, but is relatively close to the downtown where there are a few restaurants and bars. If you come to Vieques, TAKE THE BIOBAY TOUR, but pay attention to the moon - you will want to go on a dark night. And, take the kayak trip  be sure to swim!The hotel has a convenience store on the main floor and free parking. The beaches on Vieques are amazing, and even at this busy time of year, nearly vacant. (some photos from my March trip are on my photo website at [----]). If you want peace  quiet and gorgeous sandy beaches, head to Vieques. If you want a reasonably priced hotel with a friendly owner, Casa Alta Vista is a good choice. If you need lots of nightlife  a fancy pool, try somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>KingsCourt
<Content>Great Value I visited with my wife, 2-year old, and my in-laws. We stayed in a unit that had a queen size bed in one room, and a bunk bed with a full on the bottom, and a twin on top, in the other room, and a small dining table, and refrigerator. It was perfect to accomadate my group. The price was pretty much $100 per night, which was very good, relatively speaking. Price is just part of the value, and Casa Alta Vista definitely delivered as far as the room, and ESPECIALLY as far as the hospitality of the staff. The place was nothing fancy, but totally adequate and functional. It doesn't hurt that they have a mini grocery/convenience store on the ground floor. I had originally made reservations at a questhouse in Isabel Segunda, but there was a mix-up, and we found ourselves with nowhere to stay. We were referred to Casa Alta Vista, and it turned out to be a blessing. It was our first time in Vieques, and we were just staying for one night, with our primary goal being the bioluminescent bay. The bio-bay ended up being in the south of the island, and conveniently enough, that's where Casa Alta Vista is located. Better yet, we had reservations to see the bio-bay with Blue Caribe Tours, which was literally within walking distance from the hotel. The original place where we had reservations was in Isabel Segunda (north part of island).Bottom line: I would definitely recommend as a place to stay in Vieques.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dave's_reviews
<Content>Excellent budget hotel If you like beaches and off the beaten track destinations -- not to mention a very cool opportunity to swim in a bioluminescent bay -- Vieques is a very worthwhile place to visit for a few days (or stay a week if you REALLY want to chill out). Since almost all the hotels are off the beach, you're not going to find many resorts (well, they're opening an expensive W hotel on the north shore, at the mediocre Gringo Beach). So you're likely to be staying at a small inn, and I think Casa Alta Vista is a good choice. Like most buildings on Vieques, it looks less than impressive, but the rooms (at least the renovated rooms) are comfortable enough and represent good value. Ours had both a refrigerator and a microwave, which were useful. The location is excellent, as so many posters below have said.What is also quite true is that the hospitality at Casa Alta Vista is exceptional. The staff is friendly and extremely helpful. It's really THE reason to recommend the place.FWIW, we took our rent-a-car to Vieques on the car ferry from the mainland of Puerto Rico which was very affordable and easy -- easy once you found out the schedule and made your reservation way in advance! Nobody seemed to know whether this was permissible to do (hey, we weren't leaving PR), but nobody stops you from doing it either. You'll definitely want some transportation once on Vieques. El Topacio is a great choice for a fairly inexpensive Carribean lobster dinner, but otherwise reconfirm that the restaurant you want to go to will be open. We had 2 or 3 instances of restaurants not being open when they were supposed to be -- including one place that stopped serving lunch at EXACTLY 1 pm (too late at 1:05 pm).Definitely do the biobay on a moonless night. The $30 fee Island Adventures charges is probably overpriced (I suspect their owners are the richest people on the island!), but worth every penny. A truly amazing experience.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>seg110
<Content>Do yourself a favor and STAY HERE!! I cannot say enough great things about staying at Casa Alta Vista while in Vieques! The price is right and the owner, Mark, and staff, especially Orlando, are very, very helpful. Right when we checked in Mark pulled out a map of the island for us to have and began telling us about all the restaurants and beaches, etc, and answering our questions.  I did the beach bum package listed on their website, so upon arrival I was already booked for a biobay trip in a kayak with Verito, and I also had a scooter reserved at Extreme scooters rental a few doors down. The store they have on the main level can set you up with a cooler, ice, water/drinks (including beer/liquor), snorkel gear, and chairs if you need them, as well as beach towels to use. Mark and staff are just like expert concierges at the big resorts - tell them what you need and they either have it or hook it up. We loved having the scooter to go to all the beaches all over the island, and visiting the town of Isabel on the other side of the island. I definitely recommend staying here because you are on the strip but not directly in the middle of all the noise. We stayed in room 12 which has a hammock on the balcony! Totally great! And easy access to the rooftop deck with lots of chairs and even a grill. The cleaning people did an EXCELLENT job of cleaning up the sandy mess we made every day in the room and on the balcony. They even folded the clothes that we left out!I cannot wait to go back and stay here and I really want to let everyone know that Casa Alta Vista is clean, convienient, well-priced, and above all, second to none in friendly, knowledgable service.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>DrRhythm
<Content>Great Deal Casa Alta Vista was our little home away from home for 2 nights last week. I have to echo the comments from the other reviewers regarding the staff at C.A.V. They were awesome. From the moment we arrived to the moment we left, they were extremely helpful, super cool and friendly, and had lots of information on Vieques. We dealt with Orlando, who's one of the nicest people I've met. The room was on the more rugged side (and we actually had a bat in our room one of the nights!!....but the management were shocked and said it was the first time it's happened. I believe them given how rare that is). But even with our winged visitor, the view from our terrace with the hammock was unreal. The rooftop is beautiful and we spent the evening stargazing (the view of the stars in Vieques is unbeatable). The location is PERFECT. It's on Calle Flamboyan, where all the action is, but it's up a little ways from the craziness. Trust me, this is what you want...that strip is filled with cars cruising up and down all night blasting reggaeton from their stereos. You get to be a short walk from all the action, but also get a good night's sleep. All in all, we loved Casa Alta Vista. Don't let the bat deter you!!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kellg
<Content>Can't say enough       Porch outside of room 12  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gracie216
<Content>A place to lay your head... I stayed at Casa Alta Vista in August with my husband. We LOVED Vieques....great food, great beaches, and very relaxing. Casa Alta Vista offered a bit of a run-down room on the island paradise. In all fairness, we were not in one of the remodeled rooms. However, perhaps the ruggedness of the rooms was a bit much for me -- I wasn't too big a fan of sharing the shower with an army of ants. However, the ants were taken care of immediately when we asked. If I were to go again, I would definitely try to stay in one of the remodeled rooms. Now for the BEST part of Casa Alta Vista -- Ricky. He was so detailed in his descriptions of where to go and what to see, he made seeing the best of the island so simple! We thank him for his many recommendations from food to beaches! He was more friendly, helpful, and attentive than anyone I have ever come across on vacation. So, in general, Casa Alta Vista provides a rustic room on an excellent island with VERY good hosts (Ricky and Mark)...not too shabby!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>wasif20
<Content>Excellent Service, Clean Rooms!! We stayed here for one night. We absolutely loved Vieques and we also loved Casa Alta Vista. Its a nice guest house that was very clean and convenient to the beach. There was no phone or closet in the room or tub or anything like that - but it never mattered to us. In our room, there was a fan with a remote, A/C, bed, and a nightstand. For a few nights it would be just fine. The reason I would stay here again without hesitation is that the owner and the concierge (Ricky) were very nice and helpful. They made sure that our trip to Vieques was perfect, telling us honestly about the tours to take, where to go (Ricky is extremely knowledgeable in this aspect). That more than anything made this place an excellent place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Elnoss
<Content>Great service I found Casa Alta Vista on my first time using trip advisor. It was exactly what I was looking for. Basic rooms but comfortable and clean - it had the most important luxury which is A/C. What really differentiates the place is the friendly staff and the outstanding service. Mark and his staff really go out of their way to make your stay enjoyable. They also give great advice on things to do and places to go. I strongly recommend Casa Alta Vista. Sean, NYC  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smilethrough
<Content>deffinately the best at customer service From the moment we called, Ricky the house manager gave us extra care by helping us book a car and a bio bay trip before we ever booked our room. He also arranged an exclusive pick up from Julians Transportation Services which I must add that it was very convenient for us as we had a very long day of traveling. I told him I would call back to reserve once I secured the bio bay trip. I asked him to hold our room and that he did.We stayed in room # 11 which happend to be Ricky's favorite room in the whole house,(Thumbs Up Ricky ;)...) due to the roof deck terrace access which was next to our door.We enjoyed going upto the roof to watch the amazing view of the night sky and all the stars we never get to see back home.All in all........this is by-far the best trip we have experienced yet in all our years of traveling to the caribbean in general.Thank you Ricky Guide Extraordinaire for all your help, tips and excellent advice and customer service.By the way...the staff at this hotel is awesome....Love ya Guys!Will be back next year!!Keep up the good work!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>misscreole
<Content>Nice people I stayed there for three nights in late August and had a good time there. I want to add that I am a female who was travelling alone and everything went smoothly. The guys at the front desk where extremely helpful in suggesting restaurants, beaches, booking me into a biobay tour (even drove me there in their private car when the tour bus forgot me) and getting me a rental car.The room was big and tidy (I had room No. 7 with a nice bed with posts. The maids did a great job. They have a store downstairs so you can always get basic food and drink supply and they also rent snorkeling gear for $10 a day. The rooms are simple and basic, so don't expect any amenities, but for the price and location (Esperanza is best) it is a great deal with very helpful people.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>buddha9090
<Content>Great for the price, amazing customer service, rooms a bit run down My girlfriend and I spent two nights at the Casa Alta Vista, a place we picked based on the reviews on this website. We ended up getting in late on Friday, taking the 8pm ferry, and the front desk called us, let us know they would be closed, gave us a number of someone to contact in case we had any problems getting into the room, and told us to check in in the morning. The customer service was really very good. On the phone, I was recommended Abe's Snorkelling  Kayaking for the Biobay tour, and I was completely impressed with that company. I had planned poorly and not rented a car in advance (based on erroneous advice from a friend saying that if I stayed in Esperanza, I wouldn't need a car), and the front desk called around to multiple car rental places, finally found one, called us a cab and set us up.So, while the customer service is really fantastic, our room was very small, had lots of bugs, and was somewhat run down. That said, the a/c was fantastic, and my gf and I slept very well both of our nights at the hotel. For the price, it would be hard to ask for more. The hotel is conveniently located, but renting a car is definitely necessary to see the island.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mlawre2853
<Content>Resort attention, small town price We just wanted a place to throw our stuff, but we found a place to hang out. Front desk was down home friendly, and gave us DETAILED points of interest all over the island with accompanying map. We grabbed what we wanted from their well equipped store and rental area, and they charged us when we checked out. Maid service was exceptional. Cleaned rooms early and often, and folded and hung our clothes left lying around. Rooftop deck had great views, and the air conditioning units were all new. Beds and room were extremely comfortable. We're going back!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>GNG
<Content>HORRIBLE and FILTHY My college roommate and I stayed at Casa Alta Vista for one night while in Vieques. I would like to add that we are now in our 40's and travel together frequently both with each other and our individual families. We were fully aware that this was not going to be a beautiful hotel or Inn but the reviews stressed the clenliness so we booked a night based on the close proximity to the biobay. Well, we were so shocked when we entered our room.......It was filthy dirty.....urine all over the toilet and floor of the bathroom....stained sheets that looked like they hadn't been washed in weeks. We had to pull everything off of our beds, request new sheets and make the beds ourselves. This was not much fun considering we had to look at and touch the stained mattresses. We were given a bottle of bleach and paper towels so that we could clean up the mess in the bathroom....how disgusting! Do not stay here. For a nice place in Esperanza go somewhere else!!! The other reviews absolutely must be coming directly from the owner of Casa Alta Vista because nobody in their right mind would give it such great reviews...no way.......Please take our advise and go elsewhere. Don't ruin your vacation by staying in this dump...you will not be able to sleep here....trust me!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Stevemac113
<Content>Honeymoon in Vieques       Sunset Horseback  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Big_Blake
<Content>Just as perfect as described..... Arrived July 14- checked into Room 3 with wife and two boys aged 5 and 8.What can you say about these folks? They go out of their way to ensure you can find nothing to complain about! CAV (especially Mark and Ricky) operates under the premise that satisfying every need you have will create die-hard loyal customers that will do nothing but spread good news about CAV - and book a return visit ASAP! A few random and loosely constructed thoughts about our stay.....They took possession of my rented Jeep from Martiza Car Rentals for me when I arrived- so our car was waiting for us at the hotel.Orlando checked us in - gave us a map of Vieques, showed us routes to all beaches, restaurants, sites, and took probably a total of 20 minutes to make sure we were well-oriented with the island.Room 3 was air-conditioned, clean and exactly as described in previous posts - simple but great.Whenever you need restaurant advice- they will be happy to oblige - got great restaurant tips from all members of the staff. Was never disappointed by a recommendation - Tradewinds restaurant, Bananas restaurant, Topacio restaurant, Taverna Espanola restaurant, Island Adventures bio-bay tour, La Dulce Esperanza panaderia and the colmado next door for all breakfast needs, etc... were all winners- they kept in mind we had kids and made recommendations accordingly.I recommend the beach bum package - two chairs, a cooler, an umbrella, and ice every day. It's like $15 a day and worth every penny. The small grocery in the office is super-convenient.... got our beach-drinks each morning, ice cream bars every night for the kids, and Medalla Lights every night for adult roof-top consumption. Tip for folks with kiddos - get some inexpensive walkie-talkies... you can set the kids up for bed-time with their portable DVDs or whatever and you can head up to the roof. When our kids needed something, they would contact us on the walkie-talkies, and we were only a 30 second walk away, but we still had a chance for a little non-kid relaxing.....Highly recommend the roof-top - think of the best and clearest night sky you have ever seen, then multiply the number of stars by 100, and there you have it. Views are great during the day as well.After day 3 of sharing a bed and having no personal space, our boys were kind of going nuts and they needed some space before their mom and I went nuts. I went down to the front desk, a little embarrased, and explained the situation- and Mark recommended we move to a larger two-bedroom unit - Room 6. Told us to go to the beach and when we returned, Room 6 was waiting for us. It is a unit that Mark has not gotten around to remodeling yet- but was excellent for our needs. Had a nice balcony off the front of the building. Housekeeping staff was a pair of the sweetest ladies you will ever meet. They do a great job, always greet you with a smile, and always ask if there is anything you need. Absolutely LOVED these gals.Weekend crowd was mainly folks coming over from the Big Island, and weekday guests were primarily stateside gringos.Mangos grow on a tree directly east of the building - grab some. I can honestly say this is the first time in all our travels (we take 2-3 big trips a year, and try to never go to the same place twice) that my wife has ever DEMANDED that we not only return to Vieques, but also to CAV. A good product and great folks.....A few other toughts about the trip- was only hassled once by a vendor the entire trip - and it was a young gringo male who was trying to tell us what a huge mistake we were making by going with Island Adventures instead of the kayak trip to the biobay where he worked..... all beaches east of the Sun Bay beaches on the south side (Red, Blue, Garcia, Secret) are ridiculously nice and ridiculously empty. Beaches accessible from Sun Bay like Navio and Media Luna were a little crowded, but still emptier than any beach you could find in Florida.... you can collect tons of seaglass at the beach just across Hwy. 200 from the Old Ceiba Tree - wife and two kids probably picked up 300-400 pieces in less than an hour.......take the time to get to know the history of Vieques before going - it made a lot of what you see on the island more understandable - buy the book Vieques by Gerald Singer - it's available on Amazon....... there's always a breeze - the weather in Vieques is textbook definition of nice weather.........  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The People Made it Perfect Casa Alta Vista is a budget travellers dream--clean rooms with all the necessities, excellent prices, excellent location, and even a fantastic roofdeckt! But above all, the staff at the hotel were what made our trip to Vieques just perfect (Ricky and Lawrence in particular). My sisters and I felt like we were coming home every evening when we returned to Casa Alta Vista. We even felt like locals when we walked around the island and ran into our new friends. What a way to warm up an already fabulous beach vacation.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Fabulous After much research on trip advisor, I decided to go to Casa Alta Vista. And it exceeded all of my expectations. My boyfriend and I had a warm welcome, a wonderful introduction to the island and felt right at home. We stayed in #9 and it was simple, comfy  cozy. The only thing was that the bed was a little soft for me. The downstairs market was convenient  had everything we needed  the rooftop was a great place to stargaze hang out. You definitely need to rent a car, otherwise you wouldn't be able to get to all the beautiful beaches on the island. There's so much to see and we didn't get to do everything we wanted to. We had a fabulous time. Thanks to Mark and Ricky for making our stay so great. We'll definitely be back . And the bio bay is a must. It's an undescribable experience.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay After extensive searching, my wife and I settled on Vieques for a vacation and specifically, Casa Alta Vista. Although we were excited given the good reviews I had read on Trip Advisor and elsewhere, the hotel and staff exceeded our expectations. Comfortable rooms with refrigerator and air conditioner; fantastic views from the rooftop patio; a small store on the main floor with beverages, snacks and other essentials in the lobby area including musical instruments and playable Conch horns for those who feel so inclined. Again, the staff is great; always helpful answering questions and suggesting activities to do and sights to see. Initially we were not certain about renting a Jeep let alone keeping it for the entire week, however the beaches are unbelievable and a vehicle is a definite if you plan to visit most or all of the accessible beaches. We definitely plan on making a return visit. Thanks again to Mark and all of the staff for making our stay in Vieques so relaxing and enjoyable.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>abrahamj
<Content>Wonderful people The people at Casa alta vista are what makes it special. I can't think of another place where the owner offered me a ride across the island or let me borrow his personal supply of aloe after burning myself to a crisp on the beach. I only stayed there for a few days but how many places can you name where you know the names of the entire staff (Mark, ricki, orlando, lawerence, and kiki if you're curious). The rooms are comfortable (i stayed in room 4) and are nicely decorated. There are individual AC units which help with the stifling heat but like any place in the Carribean that's not the Wyndam there are a few bugs here and there (mostly gnats or ants, nothing large). Location is a short walk from the strip of esperanza but I wouldn't say that it's directly in the heart of downtown. This can also be a good thing though because of the peace and quiet the casa alta vista offers. It was nice waking up to a rooster rather then an alarm clock.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ghperezpacific
<Content>Best Place is Vieques I did alot of research before I chose casa alta vista. I made the right choice. the hotel is very simple but very clean. The difference here from all the other hotels on the island is their service. Thanks to Ricky, Lawrence and Mark (the owner). I recommend that you do rent a jeep and drive all over the island. Many beaches to explore. Our favorite beach was half moon beach and playa escondida. You must try the bio-bay tour; you will never experience something quite like it in your life again. I to wish i was able to spend more time on the island. I will definitely return.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>adamnikirk
<Content>perfect This place was great. The rooftop deck is amazing, the rooms are comfortable and cool, and Mark and Ricky were really good to us. I can't say enough about Esperanza, and this is a great place to stay while you're there.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! I Loved this hotel! My boyfriend and I came from CA to visit Vieques in December '05 and the weather was great! The hotel is right off the strip - great location. Close enough to walk and not be tired but far enough to go back to your room and relax away from the loud noise of the nightlife, which was great too. El Nasa $1 shots! The owner is super friendly - hi Mark, as well as the staff, very helpful, - hi Ricky! The staff knows the island in  out so don't be afraid to ask questions. There is a convenient store on the first floor along with equipment/scooter rentals. The room was great. Just a AAA+ all around. Picutre perfect views. Honestly my camera didn't capture the beauty of the 360degree view you get from the roof top. I Definitely recommend this hotel. I am planning another trip in 2007 and plan to go back to this hotel. TIP - the island itself has only 1 bank, which means 1 ATM, which runs out of money..so bring cash or Visa. Cash is a definite want to have because local vendors come out with a lot of nice pieces you are for sure going to want to bring back home plus there are food vendors who of course only accept cash.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>phillyyo
<Content>Awesome place to stay       Blue beach  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Deal!!! Let me get things straight on here ... this island is a small paradise. There is a history to it and I will leave it at that. This hotel was fantastic considering you pay less than $65 a night (we stayed for 5 or 6 days and it cost less than one night on the main island Puerto Rico) and the fact of the matter is, you aren't there for most of the day anyway. The people all feel like family and treat you that way as well.Mark and his crew are absolutely fantastic. When we had trouble finding a rental car because it was so busy the time we went, Orlando hopped on the phone and called every car rental place finally finding us a great little place with awesome deals. There is so much to do and see on this one little island that we actually wished we hadn't gone to Puerto Rico in the first place and just stayed here the entire 11 days we were down there.There isn't much to the hotel. You get a cozy room with a bed, dresser, refrigerator and a nice bathroom. A/C worked great!! But honestly, you don't need a TV or anything like that when you are here. Walking along the beach at night and searching for shells, exploring all the paths to the hidden beaches and walking up the mountain is great fun. We got so burned while we were there because we were outside in the sun so much. Mark has great little aloe plants that he suggests you cut some off, stick them in the freezer and they do wonders when you can't sleep at night.As soon as you check in, whoever is checking you in, will get out their map and show you all the places that you can go to. If you have any questions about the island, its history and what might happen in the future they know what went on and what is going on. They are great!!! You wouldn't get this kind of service anywhere else. They love what they do and you will see it when you meet them and talk to them.One other thing, the Bio-bay tour is absolutely fantastic. We almost didn't go because it's $30 a person ... but it was well worth it. It is amazing you will never see anything like it in your life --- honestly, you should do it if you have never done it before.Seriously, this is the place that you'll want to come. It's just far enough from the hustle and bustle of little Esperanza but within walking distance of EVERYTHING. However, to explore the island in great detail I suggest you book yourself a jeep rental. They are great for the off-roading and you'll get farther than you would on foot. Have fun and explore, really that is what this island is for.Thanks to Mark, Ricky, and Orlando for making our trip so fantastic and memorable. We can't wait to come back and visit!!!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JerryMadison
<Content>Absolute best at customer service Our group of 5 adults stayed at Casa Alta Vista for 4 nights, 3/15-3/19/06. We had reservations for all of us in room #7 for 1 night and then 2 people in the group moved into room #3 for the remaining 3 nights. The Casa Alta Vista has absolutely the best customer service of any hotel I have ever stayed at. The rave reviews you read about Casa Alta Vista service from previous customers are true!  First the basics - Casa Alta Vista is located on the main street closed to the water. It is a 5 minute (at most) walk to the restaurants and bars. One has to walk on the side of the road and at times the cars come at you quickly. The speed limit on the island is 35 mph. The short walk on the road is one of the few negatives about Casa Alta Vista. Room #7 has 2 bedrooms. One room has would a king(queen?) bed and the second bedroom has a bunk bed. The lower is a double and upper is a twin. The matresses were good on every bed. A third room has a small apartment size fridge and freezer. We found ourselves sitting out on the semi-private patio if we were at the hotel. Most of the rooms have a semi-private patio. Room #12 definitely has the best patio...it has more space and a hammock. Room #7 could sleep 5-6 adults in a pinch. We opted for a second room because we wanted additional space since we were staying for 4 days. Mark, the owner, brought up a mattress for us to lay on the floor for the first night. Room #3 was below room #7. It has 2 beds and had a traditional hotel room setup. It didn't have the view though from the patio. Inside it was nicer though. The rooms are pretty basic. Functional. The area is more residential than the other hotels. You don't have the loud bar crowd noise or the stereo car noise from cruising cars. We did have some construction noise in the morning from next door. I will even miss the roosters that announced each approching dawn.Ahhhh...but the customer service. From the moment I checked in to the moment I left it felt like the staff was there to help all of us have a good time. Here are some examples of their service: I noticed my rental car had a flat tire moments before we were to take off for a chartered snorkeling tour. The staff immediately called the rental company for me, I explained the situation to the rental company and the rental company (Martineau) came out and fixed the tire before I got back at noon. I already mentioned the extra mattress the first night. They gave us great recommendations for a restaurant in Isabel (Topacia) and a biobay tour (Caribe). The staff runs a convenience store on the first floor and runs a tab for you. After the first day all I had to do was have them acknowledge me and my purchase as I walked out the door. I just settled up at the end. The staff pointed out the best snorkeling spots on a map for us. The staff was very good at taking time to answer your questions...probably the same questions they answer many times each day. It seemed like the staff enjoyed the customer interfacing aspect of their job and because of that I didn't feel like I was imposing on them by asking questions. The housekeeping staff was also fun to interact with. Great friendly people.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what a wonderful place to stay My family and I stayed at Casa Alta Vista on March 8th and March 9th 2006. We absolutely loved it here. Anyone who stays at Casa will be treated to fantastic, friendly service from the people who work there. When we arrived we were tired from a long day of travel. Laurence let us relax and unpack before we checked in. The next morning Ricky spent a lot of time showing us what to see, where to eat, and how to enjoy Vieques. We also had a conversation with Mark who was just as great as other reviews posted here mentioned. Casa is laid-back, comfortable, and a perfect place to stay while on Vieques. Anyone who is looking for a fancy hotel should not come here. If you are looking for some of the nicest people we've ever met and a clean place to stay, book a room at Casa Alta Vista. We can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really overrated If you're a clean freak, I definitely wouldn't recommend staying here. Though the staff is friendly and the hotel rated best bargain, it all depends on what you want to give up. We had bed bugs in our room (we paid for the 79$ room) and I got bit 16 times on the back of my neck alone from sleeping there for just one night. I may be more prone to bug bites but be cautious of what you're getting. The staff is really friendly and very knowledgable -- definitely consult them first before you go exploring off on your own. I don't mean to bring to their rating down but I just had a terrible experience, especially since it was my last night on the island.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, great service I stayed at Casa Alta Vista for a week with my wife and two daughters, 8 and 2. Mark, Ricky, and Orlando (owner and staff) couldn't have been nicer. They were laid back yet very helpful with whatever we asked about, setting us up with a rental car, the best bio-bay tour, restaurant and beach recommendations, snorkeling gear, even a plane flight back to San Juan (we came on the ferry). The accommodations are bare bones (shower, beds, fridge), but the outdoor patios are nice. We spent most of every day swimming or snorkeling anyway. When we arrived we were disappointed to find that the room (unit 7) didn't have a TV, since we had a small portable DVD player and two young kids, but Mark actually went out and bought one for the room on our first day. We rented DVDs every day at the little rental store on the strip (open 6-9 p.m.). Also, the convenience store on the ground floor of Casa Alta Vista comes in very handy. We enjoyed the fresh bread and coffee Mark keeps there, as well as the guitars and drums.Go to the little bakery around the corner for breakfast, and go snorkeling on the left side of the Navy Pier.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pennydart
<Content>Simple, Informal, and Terrific Spent a week on Vieques with my husband, our 18-year-old daughter, 13-year-old son, and two of my daughters' friends. We stayed at Casa Alta Vista, in two adjoing rooms: a regular room with a queen-sized bed, and the family room with double bed and bunk bed, easily sleeping 4. Each room had a bathroom, which was important given that there were 6 of us. The rooms were clean, the beds were reasonably comfortable, and the a/c worked very well. In addition, as other reviewers have noted, both the owner Mark and the manager Ricky were very hospitable, and helped us with tips about where to eat, what beaches had the best snorkeling, where to go fishing, etc. Ricky in particular charmed all four of the teenagers, who were delighted when he turned out also to be the guide on our Bio-Bay Trip. (And whatever you do, don't miss the Bio-Bay: it really is amazing.) In addition to Mark and Ricky, the maid who cleaned our room was unfailingly friendly, and tried to teach us all some Spanish.The hotel has a convenient little shop on the first floor, where we ran a tab on bottled water, beer, and Dove ice cream bars. One other advantage of the hotel is its location. It's only a couple of blocks from the main strip in Esperanza: an easy walk, and just far enough away to be quiet at night. There's a good, inexpensive bakery just around the corner from the hotel: in the mornings, either my husband or I would walk there and return home with excellent pastries for everyone for breakfast. Everything at Casa Alta Vista is very simple and very informal. Our room, for example, had a bed, a bed-table, a lamp, and a refridgerator--and that's it. But everything on Vieques is simple and informal. If you want fancy shopping, dining, and amenities, then this isn't the island, much less the hotel for you. But if you want to away and have nothing to do but go to beautiful beaches in the day and watch the stars at night, then this is a wondeful island. And Casa Alta Vista's provides a terrific home base: comfortable, friendly, and very reasonably priced.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home away from Home This is our 2nd adventure on the island of Vieques. Though the island holds many hidden treasures...the main reason we decided on another visit was partically due to the atmosphere created by Mark and his staff. From Ricky, Orlando or Lawrence at the desk to the wonderful ladies who quietly sweep up all the sand and towels we leave behind. They're always there with a smile and a suggestion. (By the way take their advice for dinner at Topocia, the meal was incredible-do be prepared for Island Time service, but well worth the wait.)Mark has more things for you to do in a week's time. He makes sure you have gear, cooler, beverages and towels for each day of your adventure. Just get up  go. It doesn't get any better than this. Who needs a luxury hotel and a crowded tour bus when you can enjoy a personalized stay at Casa Alta Vista.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Diamond in the Rough If you're looking for a great hotel deal in Vieques, the Casa Alta Vista is the place.This was our second trip to Vieques, the first being in 1995, and much to our surprise and delight the island looked virtually the same. On our first Vieques vacation we stayed at Bananas in the heart of Esperanza. We planned on doing the same again but were warned not to since we now have 7 and 10 year old daughters and the place can become loud later into the night. Bananas actually gave us Casa Alta Vistas name. We stayed in San Juan from Feb 19 to Feb 22 at an expensive resort,(really not worth it), then hopped in the rental and drove to Farjado to take the cargo ferry to Vieques. Be advised that rentals from the main island are not supposed to go to Vieques. We were the only car amongst big dump trucks and and other trucks making deliveries to Vieques. It was actually kind of funny. Upon arriving at Casa Alta Vista we were greeted by ricky, the hotel manager and Mark the owner. If anyone can make you feel like you're at home these two gentlemen can. Well informed about anything related to the island and eagerly willing to spend the time to explain it. My kids loved Ricky. The room we stayed in was #7 of the 12 in the hotel. It was perfectly adequate with fridge, a/c and most important to the kids, bunk beds. The roof deck provides a great place to have a sunset cocktail or to stare at the stars in complete blackness. They have a great little store downstairs and they let you run a handwritten tab throughout your visit. If you like cozy and inexpensive this is the place. It sounds like the guys have some great ideas for the place in the future. Cant wait to go back and see the results Thanks guys. ps- If you go on the bio bay tour, which I highly recommend, ricky also drives the bus and conducts the tour.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sambuca
<Content>If there is nowhere else to stay... We were staying at Casa De Amistad in Vieques. We loved Vieques so much we had to stay another day, unfortunately our place was booked, so we started searching, it seemed everyone was booked. Then we contacted Casa Alta Vista. They had just gotten a cancellation so we jumped on it. Ricky at the desk was super sweet and helpful. The room was pretty gross. The top cover had mildew stains and other unidentifiable stains. The air conditioning worked really well. The bathroom was dirty in the corners, and ALL of the towels had stains,and were hard and scratchy. We were next to the laundry room, so I went in and took more sheets so we didn't have to use the top cover. I didn't even take my shirt off in bed cause I was so grossed out. We were grateful to find a place to lay our head, but I would never plan on vacationing here.Ricky was so sweet he even gave us a discount because our room was for a family and we were only 2, so he took $20 bucks off. The room was like $80 bucks, but there are so many places to choose from in that price range,do your research.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above and beyond service My wife and our 2 children stayed there for 3 days and were extremely happy. The facilities are nothing special, but met our needs perfectly (Double bed plus bunk beds for the kids) and were clean. The real benefit of staying here is the excellent service. Owner Mark Biron went out of his way and drove us to some of the local beaches and Ricky and Lawrence at the front desk were extremely personable and helpful (told us were to go for the best food, sites and called around for a rental car and bio bay tour.I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is looking for a relaxed atmosphere and friendly service.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Collores
<Content>Great Customer Service, Good bang for your buck! I went with my parents on Feb. 16 and enjoyed my stay at Casa Alta Vista. The room was big and had everything we needed. Thanks for all your help Ricky and the great service.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible The room that my boyfriend and I stayed in was bare bones. However, you don't need anything more than that since most of the time will be spent exploring the island. It was clean and that's all that matters.Rick, who works the front desk, is remarkably helpful and his advice/suggestions/knowledge carried us through the trip. This is the place to stay. Rick also makes great coffee!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mizzhoney
<Content>This Place Rocks! Wow! What an awesome hotel and staff! We were there from February 4-8.Both Ricky and Mark went out of their way to meet our every need. Upon our arrival, Ricky took the time to go over the map of Vieques with us and show us all the best places to check out. We rented a scooter from the hotel which ran great but it was rough on our booty's on the gravelly beach roads so we asked if we could switch to a car and they magically hooked us up with a vehicle. We also stayed in Room #12 which has the best view. The shower was always hot and the room always clean. We felt comfortable leaving our valuables in the room as the housekeeping staff was very trustworthy. In general, we felt very safe there and on the rest of the island.The convenience store was a godsend! My man needed a pair of water shoes for snorkeling and they even had some in his size there! There were snacks, staples and a variety of beverages for sale and always free coffee in the morning for guests. These guys are running a top-notch establishment that deserves all the rave reviews it gets! Thanks so much Ricky and Mark, you made our stay in Vieques extra memorable and we'll definitely be back!We also did the all day Kayaking tour with Abe. We were his only clients that day and he gave us the best tour ever! He is so knowledgeable and tells you all the little details about the mangrove canals (which we actually kayaked through!) and biobay; I learned so much. We went to a private beach and snorkeled, ate dinner provided by Abe which was very good (from Bili - highly recommended) and then headed back to the biobay at nightfall to check out the most amazing, illuminating spectacle, the microorganisms really do glow! Abe is so personable and a great tour guide. I highly recommend his tour, he has a great staff which now includes his son who's just as knowledgeable! M  N  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>going2pr
<Content>2 more fans of CAV!       Goodbye Casa Alta Vista!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa Alta Vista My family had the pleasure of visiting Vieques on 1718 Jan. Please give special thanks to Vieques Puerto Rico Toursim Co. staffer Ms M Gonzales. She sat down with us and on the spot found us lodging, arranged a kayak tour of the bioluminescent bay, and called for a publico. Her help made our stay most enjoyable.In addition, please recognize the special welcome we received in Vieques from:- Mark, Ricky  Lawrence at Casa Alta Vista Hotel [---------] - Willy  Tim AquaFrenzy Kayaks [---------------]- Josue Publico Taxi 787-366-7392  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coolhandluke
<Content>Casa Alta Vista - How I Miss Thee OK, so I am a bit overdue in giving my review of Casa Alta Vista, as I visited there for a couple of days in early December. Vieques found its way to the top of my Caribbean vacation spots, and I couldn't imagine ever staying anyplace but Casa Alta Vista when I go back.I am one of the Bostonians Mark took to go get a rental car mentioned in a previous review...but let us start at the beginning.Mark said he would hook us up, as we didn't know anything about the island before we arrived. And that he did. Took us on a tour of all the beaches and a little history of the isalnd at that. Showed us how to get home from the beach (Medea Luna cannot be beat)Next day we wanted a jeep, so he loaded us into his and drove us over to the rental company where we got a sweet 4Runner for short cash.Mark also set us up with charge account at the little store he runs downstairs, where we got beer for the beach, ice rum and etc. for the room, as well as snacks.Highlight - Mark also went across the street and picked us a few limes right off the tree when we got our rum and coke, then let us borrow a knife from his own pad to make sure we could appreciate some cocktails on the roof at sunset.As for the place itself...it is a nice building, good beds, clean and convenient to town - just a couple minutes walk. I couldn't have been more happy with the place...I was just sad to have to leave.So Mark, thanks and good luck and you will definitely see me next time I am down that way!  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a great place My wife and I and our two college-student sons spent four nights at Casa Alta Vista around Xmas. We all loved the place- everything is simple and relaxed. The owner Mark made it a great stay- friendly and accomodating above and beyond the call of duty. Every day we just followed his suggestions to a different great beach with no crowds and great snorkeling. [He even steered us to a great restaurant in San Juan (Miro).]The rooms were simple, colorful, clean, and comfortable, with a great deck on the roof. It's only a short walk to the low-key tourist strip on the beach and a bakery around the corner. Mark has been there only a few years, so the place is a bit of a work in progress and will only get better. He is very interested in all feedback, and made us feel like part of his project, and indeed, his family. We rented a car from Martineau Bay Car Rental near the airport, and that worked out great. Several guests asked to meet with realtors, so we can only hope that Vieques will control its development so it stays as wonderful and low-key as it is now. Don't miss the bio-bay!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Island Getaway       Front  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ikemay
<Content>Just Great, Seriously       Here she is: Casa Alta Vista  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>shabby We just went back from Vieques. I would say, I was happy that I only stayed in Casa Alta Vista for one night. The owner was very nice and friendly, like a lot of people had mentioned. But the guestroom was terrible. I am not picky about hotels but I do care if they are clean or not. Casa Alta Vista just can't be regarded as clean at all. I even saw a cockroach near my bed! All 8 of us felt ichy after one night stay because of flea biting! Well, the location was really nice. Walking distance to biobay tours and restaurants. But I will definitely pay more to stay in a better hotel next time I visit Vieques.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>StyleT
<Content>stargazing with a beer from the fridge A great place to stay. Just nicely away from the main hustle and bustle of esperanza, so you only get the rural sounds of a tropical night. Only a short walk to the beach and bars.Great roofdeck to see the sunset, or star gaze in the clear night skies.Ricky and Mark are excellent to get you oriented and help you find the things you want to do.Rooms are basic but good value, everything works. It was great to have the windows open all night, the bug screens keep you bug free.The shop downstairs is handy for any bits you need, and they will organise your bio bay and kayaking trips etc.Recommended.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Friendliest Staff Anywhere I had the pleasure of staying at Casa Alta Vista where I encountered the friendliest and most helpful staff I have found anywhere. Mark and Ricky where extremely helpful and knowledgable. The rooms are clean with large bathrooms. Casa is within easy walking distance to wonderful beach areas and great restaurants. Everything is convienient---from a handy market on the first floor with reasonable prices;to car,bike and scooter rental, and even a refrigerator in your room. Stay at Casa Alta Vista you'll be happy, relaxed and feel as if you have made new friends. I hated to leave and can not wait to return! I feel lucky to have found Casa.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>iraform
<Content>Hospitality plus Enough with the compliments, already. I stayed at Casa Alta Vista from Dec. 3-8, and discovered several serious lapses. Such as: 1) The hand soap is not French milled; 2) If you want 300-count Egyptian cotton sheets, you have to bring them yourself; 3) The wake-up call is provided by the rooster next door. If you require luxury on a stick, then Casa Alta Vista is not your kind of place. But if you can live with clean, simple rooms at a reasonable price, a location three blocks from the Esperanza malecon, and an owner who will do just about anything within reason to keep his customers happy, then you should check it out the next time you go to Vieques. Mark, the owner, and his staff know the island and go out of their way to assist you. One morning, while I was waiting for a rental car to show up, a young couple from Brooklyn told Mark that they had not been able to get any money from the island鈥檚 lone ATM the night before and were running out of cash. Then, two guys from Boston asked Mark if he could arrange for a rental car for that morning. Mark loaded us all into his Range Rover, dropped me off at my car rental place and made sure they had a car for me, dropped off the Bostonians at a different rental agency, and drove the Brooklynites to the island鈥檚 business district, Isabel Segundo, to grab some cash. This was my first trip to Vieques, and my stay at Casa Alta Vista helped make it a very pleasant experience.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>try it you love it , the place to stay on the island i have now stayed here twice, and will be staying again shortly, aswell as taken my family and freinds,yes its small! but this adds to its characterclean? undoubtablyfriendly, this is the most friendly place i have ever stayed mark and ricky do their best and more to make sure your stay is comfortable and pleasentthey will help you with all your needs and show you how to see and enjoy this enchanted islandthe rooms are basic but well fitted with air con, fridge,etc everything you need!it may not be a five star hotel but it sure has five stars in my books and check out the roof view for even more stars!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>micefry
<Content>good budget lodging As reported by others on this site, Casa Alta Vista is a no-frills budget hotel with very friendly and helpful staff and management. If you want to save money and don't mind accomodations that are outdated and not spotlessly clean, Casa Alta Vista will fit the bill. Both the owner, Mark, and Ricky at the desk went well beyond the call of duty in familiarizing us with the island's offerings and helping us out with transportation to and from the ferry, not only on the Vieques end, but on the main island as well.Vieques is a great island to visit (don't believe the negative reports in the latest Lonely Planet guide). Folks were quite friendly all around, and the place was not awash in tourists (in late November). The beaches are beautiful and it's easy to find oneself with nobody else in sight. The natives told us to not worry about anything but petty thievery (which we did not experience) when one leaves valuables on the beach, and we felt very safe everywhere we went at all hours of the day. Wild horses abound.We'll definitely return to Vieques, though will likely go for slightly higher-priced accomodations (Acacia Guesthouse looks great).  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa Alta Vista Rocks!               
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hospitality--I would stay again and again! Casa Alta Vista was perfect for our stay in Vieques. Simple and uncomplicated. The price is the most competitive, It's location is perfect, and the staff and owner are SUPER friendly and helpful. The rooms are just that. . .rooms for sleeping and bathing--all you need in this Island Paradise. The A/C worked, the showers where perfect and we could grab a snack or drink from the store almost anytime we wanted! We would stay again.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bjboat
<Content>Hospitality great, room passable I booked two nights at Casa Alta Vista based on reviews on this site. On the positive side, the hospitality and helpfulness of Mark, the owner, cannot be overstated. He was wonderful and added tremendously to my ablity to enjoy my trip to Vieques. But to be fair, the room I occupied left much to be desired. It was small and looked to have been furnished at a bad garage sale. The bathroom had peeling or missing tiles on the wall and in the shower. The air conditioner and fan did an adequate job of keeping the room cool. There was also a fridge I did not use. Lighting consisted of bare light bulbs and the walls were a bright orange in a recent but not quite professional paint job. There was a large terrace outside the unit with a table and chairs where it was comfortable to sit in the evening.The views are great and frankly I made myself comfortable in the spartan surroundings. The hotel is two or three blocks from the main strip in Esperanza. Rent a car. Have breakfast at the Tiki Hut and lunch at Bananas. Do the biobay tour and see the gorgeous beaches. I do recommend Casa Alta Vista to those who are on a budget and can live with the basics. Hospitality is five stars, the room, sadly, is only two.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>printerati
<Content>Incredible hospitality! My wife and I spent three nights of our honeymoon in Vieques, and chose Casa Alta Vista based on its glowing TripAdvisor reviews.We were not disappointed. Casa Alta Vista perfectly captures the relaxed character of Vieques. Our room was comfortably but sparsely furnished, encouraging us to get out and explore the island, and welcoming us back for a good night's rest.The general store downstairs is a godsend, and we spent a good deal of time there talking to owner Mark, whose passion for the island is readily apparent. He made sure to indicate and describe all of the essential sites on our map, and was quite knowledgeable about the sites we managed to discover on our own. He was kind enough to loan us some beach towels, and is even mailing us the camera we left behind. I simply cannot adequately describe how incredible his hospitality is.Vieques is a wonderful place with wonderful people, and we can't wait to return!  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>geologymom
<Content>A gem of a place This is not the hotel for the resort crowd, but if you would like to stay at a place where the owner/manager shares the beauty and pride of his hotel as well as giving terrific descriptions of things to do: Well this is the place for you. It was such a calming laid back atmosphere at the Alta Vista that I am ready to run right back to the beautiful island of Vieques. The owner, Mark, is in love with the island and it shows in his willingness to describe the special places that exist on it. Likewise, his hotel is in the style of Vieques. Laid back, very pretty with fans that spread the island breeze around. It was raining very hard when we were there, but Mark went out of his way to help us have a great time. So if you would like to stay in a place where service and atmosphere is important-oh, and with a beautiful view besides, Casa Alta Vista should be on your itinerary.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EMC9393
<Content>Very budget hotel!       Beach that makes the whole trip worth it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Perfect Week @ Casa Alta Vista       A view of the Esperanza bay and fishing boats from Muelle Cana (Sugar Cane Pier)  
<Date>Sep 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tfeather67
<Content>Beautiful Island       Danger  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cheeky29
<Content>Perfect for the Budget Traveler!       Red Beach  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alta Vista was fabulous! My husband and I just got back from our first trip to Vieques. We travel often and this was our favorite trip yet. Alta Vista was so great. Rick and Mark are so friendly and made sure we knew exactly where we were going, what to do, how to get there,etc . They were fabulous and so friendly. The Biobay was amazing! The most incredible thing I have ever done. The Beaches are the most beutiful I have ever seen. We rented a jeep and drove along the roads and would pop out on a beautiful beach where we were the only people. Green beach was my favorite. It is so neat all of the beaches are unique. Some are calm with powder white sand, others have tons of shells and wildlife. There are big waves on some and views of other islands in the distance on others. You definately do not need a more expensive hotel on this island. Alta vista was comfortable and one minute walk from the beach. We had soooo much fun.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trifecta
<Content>Casa Alta Vista is a bargain My girlfriend and I recently stayed 6 nights at Casa Alta Vista and we were very happy with our experience. The owner Mark, Ricky (who works in the office and store) and everyone else there were extremely friendly and helpful with recommendations for beaches and restaurants. The hotel is in one of the two main towns on the island, Esperanza, which is on the southern side of the island. This is definitely the town to be in, it's close to many beaches and has some decent restaurants. If you're not renting a car (though I recommend renting one for part of your trip) Casa Alta Vista is within walking distance to Sun Bay (nice family style beach) and Navio beach (great secluded beach), among others. Sun Bay is about a 20 minute walk from the hotel and Navio beach is about an hour walk from the hotel.Casa Alta Vista also rents scooters, but be prepared that Mark might be hesitant to rent you a scooter if you have no experience riding scooters or motorcycles (which is understandable). The island is filled with tight, windy roads and many are unpaved and very rocky and treacherous. Wiping out on a scooter under these conditions is very possible if you've never driven them. So as soon as Mark convinced me that renting a scooter from him might put our vacation in jeapordy because of injury, he was kind enough to setup a jeep rental for me and then drive us across the island to the rental company to pick up our car. The jeep rental wound up costing the same as the scooter would have anway, so no harm done.As far as our room, it was very clean and a fun place to stay in a rustic sort of way. No TV, but if you're going to Vieques why would you want one? Just bring plenty of books to read and a game or two. We did have air-conditioning in our room which was a pleasant suprise.Long story short, the people at Casa Alta Vista have your interests in mind and offer really great service. Clean rooms along with great, friendly service at their inexpensive rates means this place is a real bargin. It's an ideal place to stay while on the island.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>End of July Stay My wife and I just returned yesterday from a brief stay on Vieques. for those of you interested here are my notes:We stayed at Casa Alta Vista - Rick was our host and he was always helpful - from when I first contacted him and throughout the stay. We stayed in room # 3 - which was only $55/night - and it was like an isolation tank, as it had only one small window - but everything was clean and it was so totally removed from the outside world that we could sleep soundly and weren't disturb by ANY noises from outside - the price was great and we weren't really in our room except to sleep, shower, and !@$%#?!! - so it was perfect for us to just crash in.We visited other places Bravo, Inn of the Blue Horizon, and Hacienda Tamarindo - we were genuiniely impressed by the Hacienda Tamarindo - we took a tour and would stay there in a second! We rented a scooter from Rick at Casa Alta Vista and that was the best part of all. The island is small and we pretty much covered every road on it over the days that we were there. The roads are mainly 1 1/2 lane affairs and it was tailor made for a scooter. We had a blast, even when it rained because we had our bathing suits on. I don't know that the scooter was really any cheaper than a car but so much fun. We were going to rent two but ended up just getting one for a kick and one is what we ended up using for the entire time. We flew the island hopper straight from SJU and used Vaequez Air Link (VAL) - that worked pretty well but there aren't any signs within the airport directing you around once you get off the plane from the states. You have to leave the secure side and EXIT the terminal (1st floor) and reenter to the ticket/check in area (2nd floor) - nobody seemed able to help us maneuver this but somehow we did it with enough time to catch an earlier flight to the island and saved 3 hours.We enjoyed staying in Esperanza and the island is so small that you can stay just about ANYWHERE and be somewhere in 15 minutes.There are plenty of good bars and we ducked into quite a few to get out of the sun or the rain. We had pina colada at almost everywhere we stopped at and the one by Amy at La Salena and Randy at the M BAR were the winners for the trip. The Plaza bar that served only Cerveza was very nostalgic and the Key Lime Pie at Al's Mar Azur was something we went back 3X @ for during the trip.You kind of run into the same people after a couple of days and everyone is very laid back and kind. No threats and no problems for us at all.We ate at Trade Winds the first night - Carribean lobster night - very good with a few medium wines by the glass.On the second day ate in Isabel Secunda at El Patio at lunch - pollo  frijoles/rice - very good basic chow. We had a snack at the Side Street Bakery where we bought a loaf of fresh bread for lunch the next day as well as a piece of delicious lemon cake. Colleen that owned was from Ohio and very helpful. We ate dinner at Bini's for supper and had a wonderful fresh fried snapper (whole) that was a pile of bones by the end of the night.on the 3rd day we grabbed a variety of beach food and left to scout out the beached again. We ate breakfast at Violette's - which had Mango fifty different ways. We snacked for the rest of the morning and had a late lunch of hamburger, papa fritas, and pina coladas. We showered and went back into town to have a few sunset drinks and ended up at Una which had sushi night on Saturday and we sampled it at the bar with a number of summer college kids. We ate a very late dinner at The Island Steakhouse which was excellent and had a number of excellent cuts of steak (especially considering where we were) and a number of fine Chilean wines by the glass. There were many more fine dinner choices on the island, so finding a good place to go shouldn't ever be a problem. (If I could have a few more meal vouchers: Bravo's Restaurant, Mommasongas, and Cafe Meda Luna all looked good while were sampling their bars)Beaches: Green Beach - Lonnnng Drive but miles of SECLUDED beach areas that were stunning - we didn't have nearly long enough for this beautiful placeSecret Beach - Pretty but just didn't rock our boat the best (small area and no longer a secret)Red Beach - Large family style beach - had picnic tables and alot of beautiful families having a good timeSun Beach - VERY large family style beach - pay to get in and has a restaurant and storeGringo Beach - right on the main highway near Wyndam - pretty around sunset because it faced the westGarcia Beach - my favorite - very secluded that day with many colors of blue, jade, and turquoise. Wonderful sand. Splendid trip and would recommend those that don't mind digging around for a little laid back adventure.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Casa couldn't be more perfect!       Patio view  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved this place We only had the opportunity to stay one night but it was the best place we stayed in Puerto Rico. The family room had just been remodeled, everything was clean and the service was great. They did everything they could to make our stay more pleasant. We had left our camera in the Taxi and the staff was able to locate it and have it returned. Rooms are a great value, this is a place I would be happy to spend more time.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Alta Vista was Great!       beach on vieques  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bqgirl
<Content>loved it- Highly recommend My husband, 12 year old son and I just returned from a weeklong trip in PR. In Esperanza, Vieques we stayed at Casa Alta Vista in the family room. Very clean, comfortable, accomodating, easy to relax into. Highly recommend. Just off the main strip of restaurants and bars but close enough to everything. Easy to get to the beaches but rent a car. We rented from Maritza's (so-so).  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place to rest between great adventures! This was our first trip to Vieques and a very memorable one as well: After calling around several places I choose Casa Alta Vista based on the fact that it was so close to the beaches, had a great view and a few other necessities that I had asked about.We stayed in room 11 on the 3rd floor. We slept very well, no creapy bed bugs, nor squeky bed. All the windows have bug-covers so that they keep our small friends out. Fridge came in handy for us. Fresh towels were waiting for us in the bathroom. Everything was clean and well maintained!The store downstairs had just about everything we needed...Our hosts, Mark, Ricky and Saritza are nice  friendly people! The gave us hints as to where to go, what to see and even helped my wife get a brief intro on how to snorkle  where to go. I did not regret a single thing that they've recommended. We enjoyed all the attractions they've pointed us to. *** I would most DEFINATELY return to Casa Alta Vista. ***Mark is planning many additional improvements to the place: laundry room, new colors on the front etc. Sounds like a very good place to return to.(Consider that the people we ran into later were staying at the more expensive places on the island but ended up in Esperanza anyway... our hotel was very close to the large majority of the attractions, so why pay more???)  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JulianNY
<Content>nice place, great people My girlfriend and I stayed there for two nights. Although the room may not be so well-equipped as in a regular hotel in US, but it's nice and clean with a reasonable price in a far away island like Vieques.The people at Casa Alta Vista are very nice and helpful. They gave us all the tips and recommendation to the restaurants and beaches on the island. It's a pleasant experience staying there. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lgk
<Content>Our stay at Casa Alta Vista   showReview(3520996, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our 3rd Stay   showReview(3513085, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cl0b0
<Content>Casa Alta Vista: Simply Great   showReview(3495258, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great people to stay with   showReview(3492010, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Priceless Hospitality in Vieques   showReview(3460187, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>stairwell
<Content>Perfect!       Casa Alta Vista and our rental jeep  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just like living in paradise   showReview(3296019, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SpeakerFTD
<Content>You get what you pay for...   showReview(3270730, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2005
<Rating>2	5	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Value for money   showReview(3175459, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

