<Author>jumbo_driver
<Content>Terrible Service I called this hotel to change my reservation date and informed them that I had booked through hotels.com. They reassured me a couple of times that they were able to change my booking, and the booking was changed. Then when I called two days before my new arrival to confirm my stay, now suddenly I was no where in the system, and was a listed as a no-show for the original date! I gave them the name of the staff who changed the booking, but they told me that person no longer worked there, and they couldn't do anything to help me. Not a credit, nadda. So this hotel cost me $200. Use caution when dealing with these morons.Based on my experience, I would not recommend this place.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndyNewZealand
<Content>Excellent Choice       Standard Room  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RebeccaAndDavid
<Content>Funky design but service was poor       Living room in William St Blv Suite  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	2	1	

<Author>geepford
<Content>Heavenly Stay in Sydney..... The Diamant is a gem of a hotel - beautiful decor spacious, absolutely charming and incredibly helpful staff. It was a perfect place to rest our sleepy heads on our trip to Sydney. Loved the atmosphere of the hotel, and the attention to detail. Would stay here every night if I could afford it! Great location for beaches access to anywhere in town... and fantastic nightspots on the doorstep - just make sure to ask the staff for recommendations. Fantastic coffee shops across the way if you want to leave the hotel that is.....  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>geoff90
<Content>happy 39th After I had a great experiance with the Diamant hotel in Canberra, I throught I might try the Sydney hotel. Once again this hotel gave me what we were looking for in a hotel. Their warm approach when we arrived made us feel happy to start a great 39th birthday. The room was state of the art and the bed was very comfortable. There are so many resturants, coffee shops and bars around the hotel, what a great position. We will be staying there on my wife's 40th.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>jenjenjenjenjenjen
<Content>Diamant in the rough I booked a stay for a busiess/leisure trip through wotif.com, after reading the reviews on trip advisor. I was not disappointed. The hotel is amazing - modern, minimalist, fuss free. Location - the hotel is literally between two areas of town - Kings Cross one side and Paddington the other. Depending on the direction you turn you get a different kind of experience! Kings Cross never felt unsafe for me, though I did not wander around late at night (I am female in 20s). The hotel is a short walk from SO many amazing breakfast, lunch and dinner spots, as well as a few dessert spots. There is also takeaway in every direction. I wouldn't recommend this for first time Sydney travellers, who should experience the central Sydney life first (in my opinion) but for those who want to see a different side of Sydney, like Paddington, Oxford Street, Kings Cross, etc, it is perfect. It is very simple to get to the city, with Kings Cross train station a 2 minute walk away, and trains leaving less than 10 minutes apart. It was also great to be two stations from Bondi Junction - despite my many trips to Sydney I got to see another side I was yet to experience. It was great to walk into the city, only about 15min walk, straight down one street. So simple to catch the train though I stuck to that unless exploring. Perfect area for those who have visited Sydney before and want to see a different part of the city, outside of the main attractions. Hotel itself was fantastic. Rooms were big enough, with comfortable chair, long desk, great big windows and desk chair, huge and INCREDIBLY comfortable bed, and great little bathroom. Though I'd heard complaints about bathroom size, it was so well set out that I didn't notice the size as an issue once. The products supplied were beautiful as well (even though I bought my own fancy goods I used the hotels they were so beautiful). The rooms were almost perfectly silent - I rarely heard a peep from another room, or from the traffic below. Windows must be double glazed, or something - it was brilliant. I have rarely stayed in such a large but peaceful hotel. The curtains were fantastic as well - they blocked out all the light, it was very easy to get a good nights sleep. The king bed was enormous and incredibly comfortable. I didn't once wake up and feel like I was somewhere uncomfortable that wasn't home!Cleanliness - outstanding. I think this is the cleanest place I have ever stayed. Rooms made up and towels/soaps/glasses replaced without me once noticing the cleaning staff! Staff were friendly and helpful, but not overly attentive (they would be if you wanted it, but I prefer to be left alone, and they were great in that way!)Value was outstanding. For everything we received, it was just fantastic. Another plus - I took my laptop (as one of us was there on business) and wireless internet for the stay cost only $35. It was fantastic to be able to sit in room and sort out things that most places require you to get special cards, codes or go to a net cafe. I will truly miss being able to access internet when I stay in other states! Everything was incredibly modern and well thought out. Enormous (but not painfully large) flatscreen is attached, with foxtel, so for weary nights it was just fantastic. Loved all the great technology that made everything just that more comfortable and like staying at home. My only issue would be lighting - the lights were quite dull at night, and so reading in bed wasn't the easiest (though it was fine, it certainly wasn't good light). This went with the decor but it was a bit difficult. Minibar is also electronic, so I think when I rested my own chocolate on top of something, the weight changed and it logged on the system - the staff never made an issue of this when I said we didn't eat anything, but it seems to be a minor flaw in the electronic minibar system!Overall, I can recommend this hotel very highly. We loved our Kubrick themed stay (it was the hallways - very Kubrick!). I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants to see a new side of Sydney at a great price, stay at a hotel which completely blows the competition away!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WorkLifeNotBalanced
<Content>Like it enough to stay there again I took a 2-week vacation in Australia with my husband, our 4-year old daughter, and my parents. We went to Cairns, Gold Coast, and Sydney, and in each place, we stayed at a hotel/apt receiving a 4 1/2 rating on TripAdvisor. Out of the three hotels/apt, Diamant is by far the cleanest, and the most convenient. The Coles supermarket is right downstairs around the block and you can get everything from there. The Kings Cross train station is less than 5 mins walk away. With the AUD 5.20 City Hopper ticket, you are covered for the whole day whether you want to see the Opera House, or cross the Bridge to North Sydney to get a really nice picture of the Opera House and the Bridge. I did get warned by my Aussie friends about Kings Cross being the not so safe red light district. But honestly, I felt perfectly safe walking around at night (past 10 pm). There are a lot of really cute and nice restaurants/bars a block away. Walking there reminded me of the Village in New York City. Ask the people at the hotel鈥檚 front desk. They make very good recommendations. BUT, make sure to call to make a reservation. For the recommended ones, especially on weekends, you either have to make a reservation, or prepare to have dinner past 9 pm. In terms of the service of the hotel, nothing extraordinary but good enough to make our 3-night stay very comfortable. As for pricing, I would suggest to book through the hotel鈥檚 own website. I checked around and compared prices when I booked ours. I got AUD 160 per night for District View Rooms (not sure about the difference but the rooms we got were very decent) directly from their website. Somehow the promotion was not too explicit on their homepage. I checked out a few options to get the AUD 160 price (the first price I saw for the same room was AUD 280 or something). Guess it won鈥檛 hurt if the hotel can make the promotions more visible and easier to find by viewers.Lastly, bear in mind that the hotel does not have roller beds. So if you want to have one more person in the room, that person would either have to fit into a crib, or sleep on the floor. Overall, would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rgg1877
<Content>Diamant Hotel - a great night Just came back from surprising my wife with a night at the Diamant Hotel in Kings Cross for our anniversary. We had a great time. The hotel stamps itself as a trendy departure from the other staid and conservative hotels in Sydney from the minute you are greeted at the front desk by two young guys who seem to be genuinely enjoying themselves. It carries on through the darkened passageways with their blue mood lighting, until you enter the room. These rooms are exquisitely fitted out with funk - custom designed furniture, Kevin Murphy shampoos, and the What to do in Sydney notes were better than we've found anywhere else. The Diamant Hotel is situated in the heart of the Cross, so lots of good restaurants for dinner and, for breakfast, we walked down to Darlinghurst. All in all, a really enjoyable experience - a great night out in the City.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kateanddavid
<Content>Loved this Hotel We stayed 3 nights here when we came to Sydney and liked it so much that we rebooked for a further 2 nights later in our trip, travelling to and from the airport on the hotel shuttle.The hotel is modern; rooms are large, clean and well-appointed, and staff very helpful. We had one room on the front overlooking the very busy street and one at the rear facing a building site. We weren't disturbed by noise in either case.The hotel is close to the Darlinghurst road, which abounds in backpackers, cheap eating places and night life. We found it buzzing and not at all threatening. The edge of the city centre and the botanical gardens are about 15 minutes walk away and the Opera House about 30 minutes. Kings Cross subway station is close by.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Dannyt986
<Content>Great value for money. Stayed for 4 nights as part of a RTW trip and were not at all disappointed.The rooms are well appointed and nicely decorated (even if a bit black on black) in classic contemporary style and still very fresh. Our (limited) interactions with reception were helpful and friendly.There are plenty of good eateries south on Victoria St and clubs and fast food north on the same, the hotel's Penny's Lane restaurant looks OK but a bit lacking in buzz.We were on the 5th floor and weekend noise was not a problem.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jogee2
<Content>Great Place to Stay We had an awesome stay at the hotel, great full king sized bed, TV was the biggest we ever watched, it was a great experiance. The only concern we have is that our stay was over a week long and they have no laundry facilities, when asked (the reply was 'Oh ... you want to wash your own clothes'? ... I think we were in a class we were not used to ... lol ) we were directed to a couple of very dodgy places in Kings Cross, one we were advised by a person living in Sydney Not to go to because of it's location, it wouldn't be hard to have a descrete laundry in the hotel somewhere it is quite big, for the safety of your customers I would have thought it a nessecity in such an unsafe part of town, which is Kings Cross Not Potts Point, but Potts Point is just as unsafe...... Anyhow, we really were impressed with the hotel in general, loved the shower also and the shampoo and conditioner was great on my hair, I noticed a review had a bad mention of it so thought I would try it, I used it for the whole week we were there, and wow if I could buy this stuff I would, it dosn't smell great but works wonders .... THANKS GUYS IT WAS A FAB EXPERIENCE ...... OH and I nearly forgot, 2 places to eat, One is an Italian resaurant called the Fellini, just up the road a little, as you go out the main door go straight, cross the road, turn a little left, and you will find the best places to eat, the Tropicana is also great but up a little further and across the road from this is the Fellini, amazing service, fantastic food, just the best place to eat, we went 4 times and loved every meal.... THANKS GUYS....  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	2	5	2	5	5	

<Author>cili_padi_nz
<Content>Fantastic Diamant       Comfortable king bed  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jenwel
<Content>loved it! Great place Booked a room through wotif.com and had an excellent rate. The hotel is very easy to reach nearby a lot of hip and happening areas like the oxfordstreet, victoriastreet (great restaurants), darlinghust etc etc. Very close to Metro Station KingsCross and bussstops.The entrance of the hotel is beautiful. Friendly and helpfull staff checked us in. Our room was very stylish with a comfortable kingsize bed and a nice bathroom with good shower. Every things is designed very well and not to too posh. Really nice.So: clean, new, luxurious, affordable, stylish and friendly. Such a good combination!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MrChile
<Content>Ok, but overrated The hotel is OK. The shower area is small. The staff is friendly. This was my first time in Sydney, and is the first time I felt dissapointed with a Trip Advisor top ten rated Hotel. If this is the 5th Hotel in Sydney, probably I'll not return to the city...  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MrHankinson
<Content>Great Spot Booked through Wotif and later found a cheaper deal on their own website for the same room! - not the best start but it all got better from there.Arrived for a 1 night business stay, mid week and was greeted by the friendly reception staff. Quite attentive and actually booked me in early as i had 2 meetings to attend to, happy about that.Room was tastefully appointed, large king sized deluxe room, plasma tv with all the necessities on there, internet tv, satellite, radio - the works. Nice shower area but they don't go overboard on the cosmetics, no bathrrom pack as such just a few shower gels/lotions.View of the harbour bridge was nice. All in all a good place to stay, breakfast at Pennys next door was good to. I would recommend.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>KurtMitchell
<Content>Sydney's most friendly staff! I have never struck more friendly and helpful staff. It was a delight to walk past reception.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>makeatrip
<Content>Service Can't be Beat We stayed at the Diamant 5 nights and were generally impressed with the hotel and rooms, but the service is what stands out. Always friendly people at the desk who were very helpful with all of our questions and needs. Considering at first we knew nothing about how to navigate through the City Rail to get to where we needed to go, we ended up being pros by the end of the trip thanks to their patience and help.They also gave great recommendations for restaurants in the area.Kings Cross is a busy place with lots of activity going on Friday and Saturday nights, but the noise never bothered us at all. It was convenient to be walking distance to a train station, market and all those restaurants. Breakfast was included in our package at the adjacent restaurant, Penny Lane. It never seemed to be crowded and we thought the food was great, both breakfast and dinner. Again, service was excellent.Our room was more than adequate, with minimalist decor. Bed was comfy, but the chair was a very modern style that was hard to get comfortable in. The bathroom was on the small side, but clean. The closet doors seemed to be in need of repair, which is strange considering the hotel is only a year old. All and all we were happy we stayed at Diamant and had a fanstastic time seeing the sights of Sydney and the Blue Mountains. We went with Dal Myles for the Blue Mountain day tour and thought we really got a fabulous day out. Couldn't have asked for more.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>lizar20
<Content>Bit of glamour Stayed here for four nights at Aus $190 per night. The hotel is located just around the corner from the Kings Cross train station and the nightlife of Kings Cross - which may not be your cup of tea but is not dangerous. In the other direction is a range of great little restaurants and cafes. All within walking distance (15 mins) of the CBD. The hotel itself has a small but elegant lobby, extremely friendly and helpful staff, and trendy decor. The room was a good size, very nicely presented with a huge TV, huge shower and nice toiletries. Several of the rooms below mine had an outdoor terrace that I could see into, but only once did I see one used (well, heard, late on Sat night). Kettle and tea bags provided but no milk. Around the corner from the hotel is a supermarket that is open late. Felt very comfortable here, and a touch glamorous.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>herbGlasgow
<Content>A superb hotel Stayed 2 nights in September, a superb hotel in a great location. The staff were extremely helpful and nothing was too much trouble. I never ate in the hotel as the restaurunt always seemed empty so I cannot comment on the quality of food, but the hotel is surrounded by restaurants, so no problem there.Definately worth a visit, one of the best.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>inheritancespenders
<Content>Super Hotel Stayed 7 nights. Room was large, clean and well equipped. Bed was huge and very comfortable. Bathroom was large with a walk in shower. Staff were very friendly and helpful. Resaurant food was wonderful, if a little expensive, compared to other local dining establishments, but well worth it. The Kings Cross area is a colourful area of Sydney, but we felt quite safe at night walking around. There is a fire station close to this hotel who use their sirens whatever time of day or night they are called out. Living in a rural area of the UK it took us a while to adapt to this, but we soon adjusted. The TV internet was not very user friendly, but the staff did warn us of this and happily took the charge off the bill when we found their advice was correct. The room had a well stocked mini bar. We had it cleared so that we were not tempted to use it. We used it as a fridge for our own wines etc. again the hotel were quite happy for us to do this.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>LyleSF
<Content>Good value stay We stayed at the Diamant in late August 2008 in a Deluxe Room. Our experience was in line with other positive reviews on TripAdvisor, with a couple of similar gripes. The staff was all-smiles and most helpful. When we arrived early in the morning to a full house, the girl at the front desk offered to call my mobile when a room was cleaned, which she promised to expedite. It took a bit longer than expected, so she set us up with complimentary wireless access in the lobby.I wouldn't describe the hotel as luxurious by any stretch of the imagination, but it was clean and well above average. The location outside the CBD was great, with close proximity to the Kings Cross City Rail station, as well as a Coles supermarket and numerous eateries. My gripes were in regards to the bathroom, the charging of incidentals to my credit card, and wireless signal in the room, none of which were a huge deal or reason to avoid the hotel. The bathroom was more form than function, with a shower that had only a tiny barrier between shower floor and bathroom floor. Make sure you position the floor mat well to avoid water around the toilet! There was no towel rack, which essentially prevented the environmentally-friendly practice of re-using towels. Upon check-out, when charging for internet services, the hotel used Travelex services for currency exchange and processing. Travelex does their own conversion estimate on the spot, and the slip you sign at the hotel declares you are foregoing conversion by your credit card, in favor of the rate given by Travelex. At the time of our visit, the USD was trading between $0.83 and $0.86 to the AUD. The conversion rate from Travelex was $0.90. If we weren't rushed to catch a shuttle to the airport, I would've insisted that charges be converted by MasterCard directly.As for the wireless signal in the room, it was sporadic. It was generally very slow, with times of no connection at all. If you find this to be the case, there was also an ethernet connection on the desk, which was quite reliable.One very positive bit of kudos was related to the mini-bar. Upon request, the hotel staff emptied it, quickly and free of charge. Most hotels charge for this service.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>pommie01
<Content>Very nice... so nice details. I like this place. I stayed here for two nights on business after reading the good reviews on Tripadvisor. And I wasn't disappointed.The front desk service was polite, and the checkin process very efficient, and well thought through (compare and contrast to the nearby Annam Suites!!).Rooms are clearly new, and are excellent, the bed is huge and comfortable, bathroom is nicely set-up, with a big walk in shower.The TV is huge LCD and hi-def with a good selection. Decor is dark and classy.Location is excellent (but see minor quibbles below)Some nice touches here - that I really haven't seen elsewhere:- The IPod compatible (not just plug in) but fully controllable by remote. Most travellers will have an iPod - and it works well.- The toiletries are fancy by classy, and of a high quality. Not the usual hotel rubbish.MInor quibbles (and they are terribly minor):- Not really enough accessible power points for ironing.- A taxi driver told me that the area is not Potts Point but rather Kings Cross - and taxi drivers can get confused by this distinction.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SusanPlanoTexas
<Content>A wonderful choice for experiencing the True Sydney From booking to check out, our stay at the Diamant was pleasant and flawless. I work for one of the world's largest airlines and free lance for a travel magazine, so it is with some perspective that I say the Diamant is a great choice if you wish to escape the more touristy lodging venues and experience the real Sydney.I booked our stay directly online at the last minute - 24 hours before arrival in Sydney. The Diamant staff was responsive online and very gracious to give us an early check in following our 6:30 am arrival.The Kings Cross neighborhood has an undeserved reputation for seediness. We found it to be vibrant, safe, and full of great restaurants, bars and shops within a short walk of the hotel - and I was traveling with my senior parents and 18 year old son. Bill's Restaurant was two block walk and great choice for breakfast. Russell's Crowe's Boomerang (house) was a stroll away on the waterfront. Recommend A Tavola (Italian) for dinner and Oxford street for shopping, both nearby.The vibe of the hotel is edgy, urban. Rooms are roomy and spotless with high tech features. My only gripe is that the bathrooms were a little dark and thus could benefit from lighted make up mirrors. Amenities and bedding high quality.Service was helpful, responsive and knowledgeable. The front desk personnel seemed genuinely interested that we enjoy our stay.All in all, if you want to experience the true Sydney, rather than the packaged Sydney, I wholeheartedly recommend the Diamant.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jo_welly
<Content>Pretty good all round We stayed at the Diamant for three nights, partly to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday, having read glowing reviews on here.My summary would be, it's nice, but not amazing.The service is good, low key, helpful and friendly. The food in the Penny Lane's restaurant was really really good and we got our moneys worth with a BB deal!A few little things grated. The room wasn't spotlessly clean - the shower floor needed a scrub, and there was some random hair on the duvet and carpet. I did ask for someone to take a look at the bathroom so they did, and removed a bit of hair, but it really needed a proper clean, scrubbing the grout lines to get the grime out. It thinks its pretty stylish, but it falls a bit short with things like the bathroom fittings not matching. Its a bit glossier than normal hotel rooms, but its still just reasonably cheap fittings more tastefully done than most. There wasn't a hand towel rail which was a pain and it was just a shower, no bath (doesn't bother me, but might some people). Some people raved about the nice toiletries, but I have a feeling they fill nice bottles up with something close to washing up liquid, as I thought it was pretty nasty to use. The big TV was nice, and it was great having radio through the TV. It would have been nice if movies weren't $20 to watch though. Don't touch the Internet through TV facility - it is awful! The iPod dock was also a good touch. The bed was super comfy and big. All in all, there are a few little things they could do to make the experience nicer, but I've no complaints.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>Melissa_Pete
<Content>Stayed 17 days- Nothing but a great stay and staff the whole while My wife and I had moved to Sydney for a year to work and were looking for a hotel we could stay in short term until the we found a place to rent for the year. We stayed about 17 days altogether and we had nothing but good things to say about the staff, the rooms and the service! The service was exceptional in fact and now we always check to see the availability of the Eight Hotels chain whenever we travel throughout Australia on weekend getaways and such. We have since stayed at an EIght hotel in Melbourne and will continue to stay whenever possible in this chains hotels!For a boutique hotel our room was not only well furnished, which you might expect from a boutique hotel, but also surprisingly generously sized. As you can imagine, we were basically living in the hotel room for almost 3 weeks, so the extra living space was a real life saver. The room was well laid out, making great use of the space available. We didn't get a chance to eat at the restaurant below (Penny Lane I think), but we did have breakfast a number of times down the road at the other EIght Hotel nearby, The Altamont, which was good, with friendly staff and service.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rain1973
<Content>Aussie Diamond! This was my third trip to Sydney and wanted to try a new hotel that wasn't in the CBD. The Diamant was a great discovery! It's located in Kings Cross and close to Potts Point which is very central. The train station is just around the corner and there is plenty of places to eat (tip: go to Potts Point for the good food; you'll find mainly fast food in Kings Cross). Kings Cross can be seedy with it's strip joints a few blocks away and this is backpacker haven (several hostels around here also). But it adds to the area's character and is never dangerous. There are plenty of bars and clubs in the area also.The rooms are very spacious; sleek with dark wood and stylish modern decor. It's ideal for young people and business travelers. Bathrooms were clean and Japanese in feel. The best part is that there's a iPod dock and a plasma TV in each room. So if you're a media junky, the Diamant will not disappoint. They also offer gym facilities at the Fitness First next door which offers the full range of classes and exercise equipment. Better than the standard hotel gym! The hotel is brand-spanking new and still kind of under the radar so book soon before the prices go up and the secret is out!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>KT11
<Content>Great conference venue for a small group The Diamant is an excellent value-for-money venue for a small conference. Our conference was for 15 people over 2 days.We chose the Diamant for the following reasons:- Location (good access to city and airport)- More personal service- Fun/something a bit different from typical 4 to 4.5 star standard- Competitive cost.The following were outstanding during the conference:- Food (cafe-quality cold and hot food, excellent dinner at Peggy Sue's restaurant)- Service (on time at every break, excellent management attention)- Fast check in/check out- Rooms for all conference participants. Very comfortable beds, great flat screen TVsThings we would love to change:- More cold options for breakfast - there is no self service cereal/cold cuts option- No toilet facilities on the same floor as the conference room (you need to allow more time for breaks as a result)Diamant is an excellent alternative to the chains for a small conference  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>AudnAde
<Content>Great welcome to Oz Spent the first 5 nights of our Oz trip at the Diamant,  couldn't have had a better start. Booked after reading reviews,  a bit unsure re location at first, but not a problem at all. Admittedly the nearby Darlinghurst Road is a bit tacky  seedy (the red light area), but the area around the hotel is reinventing itself,  is bright  lively, full of lovely bars  restaurants (especially liked The Lincoln on Bayswater Road). The hotel is new (opened Oct 2007), modern, clean  comfortable rooms, very friendly  helpful staff, and attached restaurant serves tasty breakfasts. Located about 20mins walk from the city, but only a few minutes walk to Kings Cross metro station, which gets you to most places in the city. We'd certainly stay at the Diamant again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Garota05
<Content>Awesome location - great hotel... This is a reasonably new hotel and it shows.The rooms are immaculate (although for Sydney they are a touch on the small side).The bathroom was lovely and the Kevin Smith bath products were just beautiful...As another reviewer mentioned, the hotel is located on a VERY busy city corner, and there is no where really to 'drop off' - we were lucky that someone literally just dropped us off on the side of the road quickly, otherwise we would have needed to drive around for a while to find someone to park.The only strange thing was the mini-bar - which is all electronic. When we check-out they had us consuming three or four things that we didn't. They didn't charge us for these items, but obviously the electronic sensors are a little touchy.The location of the hotel is great. I normally stay more in the city (CBD) or the Rocks so to stay around Kings Cross was a different experience.Hubby and I walked a decent walk to the beautiful restaurants on close-by Crown Street and enjoyed a lovely meal at the Bills restaurant on Crown Street. We stayed at this hotel the night before flying out overseas, and the hotel is a quick 15 min drive to the airport. We checked out around 8am and finding a taxi in mid-week peak out was a little difficult, so best to book something in advance as there is no cab-rank out the front of the hotel.Overall, this place is modern, funky, quiet and enjoyable!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>warrad
<Content>They put the 'Serv' into Service       A short stroll from the Diamant  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mammaisontheinternet
<Content>5 Star Staff, 5 Star Location, 5 Star Bed- GREAT PLACE! We were staying happily at the Diamont's litttle brother, The Altamont Hotel (a 3 minute walk away) when the Altamont's manager told us to stay at the Diamont upon our late return to Sydney because the Diamont has a 24 hour front desk while the Altamont does not. The manager booked our Diamont room for us and gave us the Altamont rate. The DIamont is a very nice place to stay. The other reviews sum it up nicely: superb superb superb staff and management, great location, phenomenal bed, very quiet room, interesting hallways, etc. etc. We have only good things to say about the hotel. The staff were exceedingly helpful when we needed some guidance on how to spend a free rainy day in Sydney.We highly recommend the hotel!  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>victoryeo
<Content>Stay here, you won't regret it. I don't usually make the effort to write reviews, but the Diamant offered such a wonderful experience throughout my 3 night stay in Sydney that I feel compelled to write one. Everything went smoothly, service was excellent, and staff were extremely helpful. Yes, they did block off 300 AUD upon check-in, but that's quite a normal practice for most luxury hotels anyway. Coming in at 6am on an overnight flight, we were granted an early check in when we got to the hotel at about 7.30am. From check-in to the room, the entire process took less than 5 minutes. Great impression already. The bed was extremely comfortable, and in my opinion better than Westin's much touted heavenly bed. Staff gave great tips on how to get to destinations, even looking up the internet on places they are not familiar with. Again, nothing was too much fuss throughout our four days in Sydney. Rooms were cleaned satisfactorily, amenities refilled, everything went great. After three nights of great service, what more could we expect? Well, my girlfriend left her wallet behind in the room, and we only realised that when we got to the airport to catch our flight to melbourne. This potentially distressing episode was resolved quickly with help from the hotel staff as well. They promptly found the missing wallet, together with her luggage lock which she also left behind, and delivered it to the airport in a taxi. We didnt even feel a need to check that the cash in the wallet was in tact, such was our trust in the hotel. If the hotel management is reading this, please let me say again, thank you Sarah and Adrian, and all other members of staff that made our stay so comfortable. In sum, my recommendation is, just go and stay there, you won't regret it; the room's more than comfortable, the amenities great, the location convenient (less than 5 min walk to the subway). We'll definitely stay there again if we're back in sydney. Perhaps my only gripe would be why there wasn't foxtel on TV? But that's really nit-picking already.Finally, it is also worth highlighting that despite being located in the King's Cross/Potts Point area, at no point did my girlfriend and I feel threatened or in danger. Sure the area is crowded at night, but I felt perfectly safe walking through.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>blamat
<Content>iPod docking station - nice touch! Gorgeous king-sized bed, soft down pillows, lovely friendly service and great interior design. We were very impressed by the iPod docking station too. Why is it most hotels think all you want to do is watch movies? We're all about having music on, and could even play CDs in the DVD player. The carpark situation was a little weird, but we were told it's still kind of under construction. All in all, amazing value for what we got. We'll be back for sure!  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Melb_is_home
<Content>Nice, but.........       "View" (or lack of!)  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>buster30Perth
<Content>Fantastic - a must stay We arrived in Sydney at 7am very tired having flown overnight from Perth. We made our way straight to the hotel to drop off our bags as check in time was 3pm.Upon arrival we were met by a very helpful lady who took our bags and checked us in. She apologised that she could not give us our room immediately as the hotel was fully booked (not surprisingly) but took my mobile number and said she would phone us as soon as the room was ready.True to her word she called us at 11am and our room was ready. The room itself was great and had a view of the harbour bridge and the Opera house.I liked the little touches like different types of tea, a real hairdryer, an ironing board and iron, the ipod docking station and DVD player which all made for a great stay. Everything about our trip was perfect. The staff are great and the whole experience has a Hotel Babylon feel to it. Well done to the management.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GemSyd
<Content>Great Stay For me, a hotel stay in the city is something I like to treat myself and my husband to a few times a year. It's nice to be pampered and have a night away from the kids. But it really is a special occasion, at this hotel, I felt that we were disadvantaged for not having a whole heap of excess cash in the bank and only a visa debit card. In check-in they took out $100 for any incidentals, although this has been done before I fail to see why they actually have to take money out rather than an impression and they also failed to tell us that the money wouldn't go back into our account for 3-5 days.The room was lovely, amazing television, bed nice modern bathroom (although no bath), excellent air conditioning and a chocolate on your pillow. The mini bar was not fully stocked but since it's electronic i.e. it can tell when you remove something and automatically adds it to your bill I wasn't worried. The room was everything it promised to be and the concierge was a joy to deal with. Again though, if you want the complimentary xbox in your room they'll take a further $300 out of your account. Staff were lovely and the facilities nice but again on the financial side, we were charged for mini bar purchases (presumably the originally missing item).All in all, the hotel was exactly as described and I'd definitely stay there again, the television and bed really did it for me and the location is excellent. Just make sure you've got plenty of cash in the bank or no limit on the credit card.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	3	2	3	

<Author>Simcp
<Content>A simply amazing hotel. Stayed at the Diamant for two nights in April and was very pleased overall, this hotel is amazing, modern, clean, spacious and topped off with great service. The hotel is situated a bit far away from a lot of shopping and tourist destinations e.g Queen Victoria Building and Darling Harbour but if you dont mind a little bit of a walk its not to bad. Rooms are VERY nicely decorated and clean, White bed linen and huge plasma TV's in every room. Bathroom a bit on the smaller side but tasteful none the less. Overall a great experience and would most likely stay there again in future.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>onespecialgal
<Content>Super Diamant The service at this hotel was unbelievable. Upon arriving and being assisted by Alex, the Assistant Manager to all the girls, they went out of the way to help.The room was immaculate and they even had wonderful chocolates for you before bed. The bed was comfortable and everything was white and clean.No crowding in the room. You didn't have to worry about tripping over yourself.I would definitely recommend this hotel primarily because of the service and cleanliness.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>timsdm
<Content>wonderful bed A very stylish hotel great location.I agree with most of the previous reviewers in most aspects.The view was as described and exactly as shown on their website. The staff were friendly and helpful when needed. The restaurant downstairs is great well worth a visit.Top Tip if the taxi driver asks where it is tell them next to the coke sign.I'd certainly stay again  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Vitrioleuse
<Content>Unsatisfactory The nature of my work means I travel regularly so I am always looking for excellent places to stay to ease the stress. Unfortunately, I couldn't tick many boxes at the Diamant either for business or pleasure.The service was casual, yet satisfactory. It's a personal preference, I know, but I really prefer the reception desk to be client oriented - not a place for staff discussion, work-related or otherwise. The lobby and rooms were tastefully appointed and the bathroom products were excellent. If I was staying longer I would've preferred a bathtub, but for a short stay the shower alone is fine. The rooms are on the small side but I didn't feel cramped.Unfortunately these positives did little to appease my disappointment upon arrival when I was informed that because I had not booked a car park that I would need to take my car around the block to a public parking station. Availability at the carpark could not be guaranteed, nor could the price and I ended up paying over $50 for the privilege.After the hike back to the hotel I was looking forward to kicking back with some tunes using the iPod docking station. It didn't work, which is not that big a drama, but when, after several calls, I couldn't get a response from the concierge or reception desks to solve the problem my frustration escalated. When I eventually got a hold of someone the response was 'when you turn on the power it should work'. Of course it should. After a visit from a staff member who had the same problem it was replaced, but initially she doubted whether this would be possible.Before booking a harbour room view I would suggest you consider what you expect. For the price, the partial harbour view is to be expected, what isn't to be expected is the hideous construction site complete with scaffolding dominating entire length of the wall width window. If you are going to stay here I would recommend another room option as this view was seriously hideous and I kept the curtains closed for the entire stay.In general, my stay wasn't disastrous but it was certainly unsatisfactory. I will stay at the Diamant again if there are no other options, but first I will be looking really, really hard for something else.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	1	4	

<Author>NNFLondon
<Content>Bliss We stayed at the Diamant for three weeks in January and couldn't fault it. Great location, helpful and friendly staff and well-equipped rooms including fast broadband and iPod docking station. Huge bed and high quality linen. Very cool and relaxing after a day exploring Sydney. You can walk to the city centre, several local bays and all the trendy shopping and restaurants. Penny's Lane, the restaurant associated with the hotel, is equally welcoming and serves very good food - an undiscovered gem.We would recommend the Diamant to anyone wanting a real Sydney experience away from the tourist trap of Darling Harbour!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarcLindsay
<Content>Its like home away from home Just recently I traveled to Sydney on business and wanted a nice place to kick back and relax after meetings.Two things matter to me when booking a hotel....1. Internet connection (it must have one and must be fast)2. Luxury, it must feel nice to stay in.Diamant Hotel meets these two standards and so much more.I stayed in the Deluxe Room and will stay there again.From the moment you walk in you can hear the in room entertainment as tunes of Michael Buble float around the room, nice touch and superb selection of music. It actually really suits the room.Oh did I mention that there is a 41 inch lcd screen right on the wall for extreme watching pleasure?The hotel menu is provided by the in building boutique coffee shop and let me tell you, the club sandwiches are TO DIE for.Also one thing I was impressed with was that the gym is actually a joint venture with Fitness First (major gym in Australia). So you can have full access to a REAL gym, not a half botched job that most hotels do at providing a gym.I had one every single night for my entire stay. I hope they dont remove those from the menu.Let me cut it short for you. If you want a hotel to stay at that is central to most things in Sydney, is a pleasure to stay at and will treat you well.Diamant Hotel is for you.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Angela061
<Content>diamant is a gem ! DIAMANT HOTEL 鈥揝YDNEY It's the little luxuries that count, faultless service from the friendliest of staff, king size beds with the crispest of linens, the latest technology alongside the purest of natural breakfasts. The Diamant Hotel is a gem in the heart of trendy King's Cross, just a stroll away from great restaurants and the colourful vibe of this cosmopolitan area. It鈥檚 calm, cool atmosphere, minimal without being intimidating, has everything the discerning traveller needs for a stylish stay away .Hip and contemporary, we preferred the customised privacy of this small boutique hotel to the lavish grandeur of some of Sydney's more stately landmarks.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SydneyBrad
<Content>Loved it I booked this hotel via Wotif.com as it was great value and 5 star for a weekend away. The rooms are very quietm, modern, the bed very comfortable and the service very good. It is a great place to stay and is very well located to everything. The cake shop around the corner is open late if you want a quick snack!!The shower did leak but the advised they were looking to fix this issue soon. Apart from that small issue it is a greta place to stay  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sabine123
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed at the Diamant over NYE and really liked the hotel.Check-in was efficient and friendly. Staff at reception was always very kind and helpful when we asked about places to go, restaurants, etc.The rooms are great, very modern and stylish with large flat TV, DVD player and I-Pod docking station (loved that!) and a large very comfortable bed. It did not at all feel like staying at an office building. When we arrived the safe was not working, but that was fixed immediately.On NYE we had a bottle of spakling wine, flowers and a CD in the room which I found very nice. Also prices for things from the mini bar and internet were very moderate.Breakfast in the restaurant Penny Lane's was very good. First we were a little sceptical as there were not too many people in the restaurant, but we gave it a try and it was really good. They do not have too many things to choose from and you should not be in a rush as they prepare things freshly but everything we tried tasted really great and was prepared with best, fresh ingredients.If you look for a fast and cheap alternative for breakfast there is a Holiday Inn just around the corner where you can have the full brakfast buffet for less than AUD20.I did not like the location of the hotel too much, as I did not find the surrounding Kings Cross area too attractive....but a lot of interesting sites that you might want to visit are within walking distance and bus and train stops are also quite close.The hotel was really great and I would definatly go back there.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SurfCoastJill
<Content>Diamant - Dont Do It! After reading the reviews, I feel sorry for the International travelers who will think this hotel is what Sydney has to offer. Were thay staying in the same hotel ?In a converted office building in KINGS CROSS(not potts point), after navigating your way from the carpark you eventually reach the tiny foyer.Keeping an open mind, we asked for our room and then the real problems started. The rate we were quoted and the rate they tried to charge were diffrent. The receptionist said there was nothing he could do and sugested if we didn't like it we should stay elsewhere. (It was a hot day but still no excuse for rudeness) The key cards didn't work and we both returned to the lobby to get the 'now what look'. My husband was talking to other guests having problems with the water pressure and they wern't happy.Finally in the room, the Plasma TV didnt work, there was no air flow and the furniture was from a flat pack box. Not 5*, Not even 4*, possibly 3 * .It is unfortunate that Hotels can make claims like 5* !We asked for a guest feedback form and were told they ran out. You get the feeling no one cared.Diamant - Don't do it !  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Niiki
<Content>Great Hotel, Will be Returning Recently stayed for a couple of nights and very pleased with this hotel. The rooms are very trendy and modern and the TV is huge. Check-in was efficient and friendly. Bed was really comfortable 鈥?an absolute must when we travel on business.I think that this is really Kings Cross and not Potts Point as advertised by the hotel, however, in saying that the location is excellent. It is a 2 minute walk to Kings Cross station and our stop (Town Hall) was only 2 stops away. There is a myriad of places to eat within close proximity and there is a Coles (for overseas visitors, this is a large grocery store) open until midnight every night. OK, the notorious area of Kings Cross is also just a short walk away, however, the area has really cleaned up and this just adds to the colourful scenery of the place!Couple of minor bad points:- Very expensive food on the room service menu (even in hotel terms) and quite limited as to variety. For a non-meat gnocchi dish, I think the price was around $30.- The servicing of the room was not done until after 3pm one day which was a bit of a pain as we had left in the morning for meetings and had to endure housekeeping servicing the room while we were there. We usually stay in the financial district of Sydney while on business, however, the value for money was hard to pass up and this will be on our preferred hotel list from now on.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jcekola
<Content>Great hotel Stayed at the Diamant for 4 nights in November 2007.Overall it was a great experience and I would recommend it / stay there again. Everything is new and clean in the hotel although parts are still under construction. Can't beat the price for the luxury, we paid about $230 AUD per night.HIghlights:Location (we could walk to everything we wanted to see)Bed (king size, amazingly comfortable, loads of pillows, each night I slept sound, great duvet and sheets)Gym - you will just get passes to Fitness First which is in the building next to the Diamant, so much better than a usual hotel gym.Decor- everything is new, clean and pleasantly stylishService - everyone was great  helpful, including bringing an entire first aid kit to the room within a minute or two after I cut myself shaving (even though i had only asked for a single bandaid, hahaha).Lowlights:Shower - the water pressure was nothing amazing and water had a tendency to leak out into the rest of the bathroom. Also, the toilettries are great but come in inconvenient bottles that seem to dispense either too much (shampoo) or too litte (conditioner). On the other hand, the bar soap has an amazing smell, I loved it.I didn't find the A/C unit very loud despite what a different reviewer said.A great experience overall and well worth the price.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>BrysonFan
<Content>Reasonable value in expensive Sydney ... definitely not 5 star Sydney is an expensive city, and the Diamant is a reasonable value for those who do not want to pay top dollar.Here's the skinny on the Diamant based on my recent stay:Overview: The Diamant is in an office building which has been converted into a hotel. It still looks like an office building ... except it has beds and showers installed in the rooms. The lobby looks more like a tiny waiting area than a usual hotel lobby. Concierge services are at the reception desk (no place to sit and no brochures on display). It is definitely not a 5* hotel, and not what I would call boutique.Pros: Price is reasonable for Sydney. Service is very good, although at the time I stayed here the staff was new  still coming up to speed. I expect that will improve over time. Location in Potts Point is good -- train and buses nearby which can take you to all the sites in Sydney, convenience shop across the street, post office a few blocks away, places to get something eat nearby. You can walk into the heart of things from here if you want, although it's a long walk.Beds are comfortable. Linen and towels of good quality (not deluxe but good). Broadband available in the rooms for an extra cost; there's a long desk facing the window. Flat-panel TVs in the rooms as well. In-room safe.Cons: Rooms are small, esp. the bathroom which is really too small for 2 people. No bathtub, just a simple shower which leaks water onto the rest of the bathroom floor. Not much room to dry your hair or put your toiletries. Curtains in my room were crumpled looking. Not much in the way of facilities in the hotel: you can use a fitness place a block away, and there is a restaurant affiliated with the hotel on the street corner. Noisy A/C fan in my room. Also found the lighting in the rooms, hallways, and lobby a bit stark and weird ... not very inviting IMO and more office-like than boutique. Looks like they were trying to be stylish using cheap furnishings.Summary: a reasonable choice if you're looking for a convenient location to sleep, for a reasonable price. Not a place you'll want to do much besides sleep at night. I would stay here again mainly b/c the better hotels in Sydney are extremely expensive.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Girls0nT0ur
<Content>Love Sydney - Love the Diamant We have just enjoyed a fantastic 7 night stay in this new hotel in Sydney - its chic, its cool and easily the best city hotel experience I can remember. The staff are friendly and very helpful - the location, on the very edge of the Kings Cross area is excellent and the hotel rocks enough to have hosted the Time Out Sydney launch party!It is a small hotel with an edgy mix of office and residential space which delivers high quality accommodation. The beds are so comfy and the standard of housekeeping is extremely high.I did consider writing a dreadful review to keep the hotel a secret but I'm a generous soul who likes to spread good news. Stary here and it'll spoil you for other hotels.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fashion68
<Content>Very Chic Experience   showReview(10825229, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bubbaParis
<Content>loved the diamant       really cool lobby  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sofiparis75
<Content>j adore   showReview(22477591, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>quick01
<Content>Un diamant   showReview(22369999, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel avec style moderne : le bon plan mais pour combien de temps encore   showReview(20553247, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Frednoos
<Content>Tr猫s bon h么tel et id茅alement plac茅   showReview(15041272, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit wieder!   showReview(14732241, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>tchoo
<Content>le diamant hotel porte bien son nom   showReview(11981989, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>codejpv
<Content>Un tout nouveau brillant 脿 Sydney       Soir茅e d'ouverture de l'h么tel  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

