<Author>holliehobbie
<Content>Great locale, delicious breakfast, small room I'm a bit late posting this review, but we enjoyed this hotel. We were there for our honeymoon and would have preferred a larger room and a much larger bathroom. However, the locale was perfect...It was at the end of most of the shopping and right at Wakiki Beach. Lovely, open-air hotel with amazing views, whether beach-side or mountain-side. The pools were spacious and nice. Our favorite part of our stay here was the breakfast. We were still on Atlanta time and woke up around 6:00 am Ohau time! The buffett and spread for breakfast was amazing...the freshest fruits, smoothies, omelet bar, cereals, juices, pasteries...sinful:) erall, this was a great place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bapton
<Content>OK but could have been better. Had a room on the 17th floor overlooking the beach so view was very good and we had a prime position for the fireworks display on New Year's Eve.The room was OK but we had a lot of noise from neighbouring rooms and also the room above us. The bathroom did not have a seperate shower which I would have expected in a 4 star hotel - in fact the bathroom was very small and shabby. However the toiletries were of good quality and they even left a tube of toothpaste which I though was a nice touch. No shower caps though!We only tried one of the restaurants - the Ciao Mein. This was good but expensive. Portions should be smaller and cheaper.Loved the shops in the hotel and as the Hyatt is very central all amenities are readily to hand.On a general note there are a lot of tramps and prostitutes in Waikiki and this spoiled the area for me.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Stevied888
<Content>Wonderful room For me the large room on the 31st floor with view of the city was wonderful. The restauarant was good and the service fast. The pool area was small for a hotel this size. If I had a car I would have been in panic mode because there is very little parking in this area. The hotel is in walking area of all sorts of shopping and restaurants!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>maureenbeth
<Content>Great Value for Money My husband and I spent 4 shopping  sun days in Waikiki recently, and stayed at the Hyatt Regency. Typically we do not stay at chain hotels, but our our travel agent convinced us with an incredible special. $299 a night with breakfast for two, with an ocean view. The room we stayed in was immaculate, modern, and looked as if it had been recently renovated or refurbished. The view was excellent. We only had the buffet breakfasts which were about what you would expect from a large chain hotel. The health club and spa were excellent. Overall I can recommend this hotel, and would go back.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>lcbannon
<Content>Wet but wonderful Uptown from the moment we arrived. Parking is an issue unless you are staying at least 5 nights I think. We were on the 35th floor looking at Wikiki Beach- it was great, rooms are not that big but the bed is very comfy and room has everything you need. There is even a small fridge and a free inroom safe. I highly recommend the breakfast buffet- very yummy. Staff was excellent from time we arrived till we left. We were however unaware of how much Hyatt caters to Japanese as well, all signs are in both English and Japanese and buffet caters to both tastes . This is a very populated area of the island but it does make shopping and getting around easy. The title is because there is no real roof over the Hyatt - it is an open design and we happened to be on the island during lots of rain. Made for walking thru hotel a little wet.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RockyTop
<Content>It Should Have Been Better Then It Was . . . . We stayed 5 nights at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki during Thanksgiving week. We choose the Hyatt because we鈥檙e Gold Passport members and have found the hotel brand to be consistent over the years with very few unpleasant surprises along with the generally favorable feedback on TripAdvisor. We normally have a room on an upper floor with a king bed, but king beds appear to be few and far between at this hotel, making the upper floors (with a king) difficult to get. We received a room on the 5th floor with advice from the receptionist to check back in the morning to see if an upper floor King room was available. The room was warm when we arrived, but we assumed it was because it had been unoccupied so we just turned the AC on and left to see some sights. When we returned the room temperature was still not comfortable and it got very warm later in the night. I tried to turn the AC on/off to see if it would reset with no luck. I tried to turn the fan from Auto to High and it still didn鈥檛 make an apparent difference. I called the desk the next morning to see if we could get an upper floor and was told there wasn鈥檛 one available so I asked for someone to fix the AC. Maintenance did come to the room quickly, but they told us just to leave the fan on High because the unit wasn鈥檛 very sensitive to room temperature and would cut off on the Auto setting. I told them I had turned it down to 60 with the fan on High and it didn鈥檛 seem to work and they said it wouldn鈥檛 get to 60, but it would cool eventually. The next night was better, but not great. I called the desk again on the 3rd morning of our 5 night stay and there was still no upper floor available so I just gave up. Hyatt鈥檚 response to the issue was 鈥榡ust keep calling back鈥?and that鈥檚 not what I expect from a Hyatt. Normally, they would take care of finding a resolution instead of putting it back on the customer so I鈥檓 disappointed with this location鈥檚 customer service. Other then the AC/customer service issues, the hotel itself is an older property, but the public areas are relatively well maintained and the location across from the beach is good. Since it is an older property, the shower/toilet area is like many from days gone-by when the bathroom door would barely open without hitting the toilet and tub making the area a tight squeeze for one person. The dressing area is bigger and has a large closet so two people can navigate that area without interference. One oddity that I noticed was that the sink/counter height looked like it was designed for the munchkins or something. Since we鈥檙e not short, it was a little awkward, but still functional.I emailed the Hyatt General Manager last week detailing my disappointment with our stay and didn鈥檛 receive a response. I thought he might want to know, but from looking at the TripAdvisor feedback - our problems must not be representative of most guests. It was just unfortunate for us that our milestone anniversary celebration wasn鈥檛 perfect and for this reason, we would select other accommodations if we return to Hawaii.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>deliciousVancouver
<Content>great...but... its a beautiful hotel! but it is across the street from the beach!The rooms are nice and the hotel staff are great, they gave us a free oceanview upgrade.This hotel is nonsmoking, however some visitors do not adhere to that rule. so if you are a nonsmoker and sensitive you might want to think again about reserving this hotel.The rooms are noisy because of the doors and they are in very close proximity to the next door room...so you will hear alot of slamming of doors...not on purpose. Its just the way the rooms are.Skip the breakfast buffet nothing special there.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TheReviewR
<Content>Loved it! Booking: Booked on Costco.com. They had a great package for Executive Members. Two free robes, free parking, 2 for breakfastsCheck In: We were given little bottles of Hawaii water upon check in. Saved them and refilled, since the water was good to drink in Hawaii.Concierge: If you have your phone and text messaging, you can sign up to get access to the tex messaging concierge service. The would send texts about events going on in the area, as well as they would give us locations or answer questions while we were away from the hotel. Very prompt! They also have a list of which buses to take to get to different attractions. Oh and they were great at printing up the bus times for going and returning. Parking: We had free parking as our package and that included free valet service. We didn't have rent a car, but when our friend would visit, she utilized our free parking. All they needed was the name and room number.Room: The room was very clean and spacious. We got one on the 39th out 40th floor rooms. The view was a mountain view room, but was very nice. So nice we didn't need to hike up Diamond Head for a view of the city. Also could see the ocean a little. There was a nice long hallway to our bathroom, so it made it feel like plenty of room. Toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, bath gel, and lotion were replenished everyday. There was also a fridge in the room, which didn't show up as an amenity on the website, so that was a nice surprise! The safe was easy to use and unlike another reviewer, the safe was free. I'm thinking they stayed at a diff. Hyatt, since we didn't have slippers in our room. The patio was spacious with two chairs and a table. Nice place to dry out our suits, even when it was super windy! It was pretty well enclosed, so we didn't have underwear flying away.Pool: The pool is small. We never used it, since we were right across from the beach. They also let you check out towels for the beach.Terrace Breakfast Buffet: It was $26.90 a person, but with our buy one get one free vouchers, it made it okay. They had an omelette bar and crepe bar. Also fresh fruit, smoked salmon, meats, cereal, rice, miso soup, potatoes, crepes, pastries and yummy juice. Oh and Starbucks coffee :) I liked the breakfast we ate at a nearby restaurant better and it was about the same price for two of us. I think it was called Keoki's.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Naniwa
<Content>Nice place, a mere stone's throw from the beach The hotel is right smack bang in the middle of Waikiki, so you couldn't be closer to the beach. The pick-up service from the airport was friendly and efficient, and all the staff we came across were welcoming.We were fairly high up and had a good view of the sea, and the room as spacious and well appointed. I was a little disappointed with the lack of things such as shampoo, and the fact you were charged for every day you had the in-room safe locked. Use of the slippers incurred a cost, too. For such a good brand, and for the price, little things like that should be standard.The hotel contained many shops, some more appealing than others, and the whole place had a good feel to it. Food was good, especially in the restaurant which provided a fusion of Chinese and Italian cuisine (called 'Ciao Mein', if memory serves). The Japanese restaurant provided decent fayre as well, although the chef did the 'usual' juggling act with spatulas and the like - seems to be common in many Japanese restaurants the world over apart from those actually in Japan(?) .There is a decent pool, and they provide towels for those wishing to pop over the road to the famous beach.All in all, a good place to stay. That being said, I would recommend having a word with the concierge to arrange a hire car for a day or two - a trip away from the hustle and bustle of Honolulu to the quieter stretches of beach elsewhere on Oahu island is not a bad idea.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>cpacraig
<Content>Loved the Hyatt Regency Waikiki I could not say enough good things about this resort. We were treated exceptionally well from the time we checked in. Very professional staff. We booked an ocean front room that was actually ocean FRONT (unlike some resorts where you never know what you are going to get). Beautiful 180 degree view from the 36th floor. The elevators are also very quick. It is across the street from the best of Waikiki, and close to all shops and restaurants. If I had to complain about one thing, it would be the parking garage, which is difficult to get in and out of due to its size, but that was a small price to pay for a great 10 day vacation. Much better than the Outrigger or Moana Surfrider that are on the beach.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>maggie1111
<Content>Best location Stayed at the Hyatt in October for 5 nights. Check in was excellent very pleasant. The staff couldn't do enough for you very helpful..Buffet breakfast was fantastic great selection and all staff there were wonderful. Rooms were comfortable, great amenties and a good hairdryer. Also safe in room and a fridge which was great to have. Our room had a nice view. Had a deluxe room we were on the 8th floor. The pool was on the small size but adequate. The location of the hotel was excellent close to everything.The fitness centre had state of the art equipment so if you wanted to do a work out you could. There is no ATM in the building but one directly across the road. I would highly recommend this hotel as being just fantastic. It had everything we wanted. Happy to answer any of your questions. If I was to return to Hawaii I would definetly stay at the Hyatt.Cheers Maggie1111  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dubsyd
<Content>Good location, service was lacking. We paid for an Ocean View Room but were checked into a partial Ocean View. You had to stick your head out the balcony and look around the corner to see the Ocean. We were moved to a Deluxe Ocean View the next day but had to check out at 11am and they wouldn't let us back in until 3pm that evening. This room had a head on view of the ocean, which is what I expected to receive. Staff were unapologetic.I felt the staff were distant and a little cold. I think that鈥檚 because the hotel is too large and you鈥檙e just another random when you need to interact with them. No personal touches in this hotel. The rooms are fine and comfortable. House keeping was appalling. Everyday we came in the surfaces had not been wiped down, bed throws and pillows were still on the ground. Toiletries were not replaced until we asked for some shower gel. There were only two glasses in the bathroom, nothing for drinking in the room otherwise. Overall, completely insufficient servicing of the rooms on a daily basis.Location is really excellent for all that Waikiki offers.We received a substantial discount on the normal rate when we booked, thankfully. Waikiki, Hawaii and the hotel location is really great. I would not book this hotel again unless getting a substantial discount on the normal rate.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>tmjm
<Content>Gigantic Hotel - but on perfect Waikiki Beach This hotel gives you the feeling that you purchased it as part of a package. In fact, all of Waikiki feels that way. It's like Hawaiian Las Vegas with a beach. First of all, the hotel is gigantic. It takes a few days to just figure out how to get from the street to your room. Lots of wasted and confusing space in the hotel design.The rooms are nice and seem updated and modern with the exception of the bathroom. The vanity is nice and is outside the bath/toilet room...the bath/toilet is small and not updated.The pool is tiny. The hot tub (one) is tiny too. Odd considering how many rooms/guests. Luckily with the beach just across the street we didn't use the pool area. The parking rate is OUTRAGEOUS. I agree with a previous poster that you pay more to park the car than for the rental. Again, I'm guessing most people book this hotel as a week-long package including hotel transfers and don't rent a car.We ate breakfast at the hotel as it was part of the room rate. Large buffet breakfast with something for everyone.The location can't be beat. It's right across from awesome Waikiki beach. An ABC store is in the downstairs and has everything you might need drinks, snacks, necessities, gifts. The hotel is also right in the middle of the shopping and restaurants - all within easy walking distance.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Username1234
<Content>Nice Hotel!       Fountain in main atrium  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thespottedtraveler
<Content>Hotel was wonderful Well the hotel itself is beautiful, but difficult to navigate. This was our first trip to Hawaii and didn't expect the hotel to have the first floor be all shopping and the check in on the second floor over in a corner that was hard to get to with kids and bags. Also the hotel was supposed to have a car at the airport to pick us up, but messed up and we had to take a cab. HOWEVER, when we arrived at the hotel and our room wasn't ready (we were early) the guest services manager met us and comped us lunch in their wonderful patio restaurant. Also she paid for our cab ride, which was above and beyond what we expected. Our room was wonderful with a phenomenal view of Waikiki Beach and the setting sun. We were all in heaven. The beds were comfortable, but the bathroom was small. We only stayed one night because we were catching a cruise the next day. This hotel caters to lots of Japanese tourists who have priority at check in. Also this hotel sits in a perfect spot for all the shopping that is famous in Honolulu. Great for families with teens and groups.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>ssmiki
<Content>great great hotel My husband and I LOVED this hotel overall. I will list why we loved it and some things we didn't like. We liked it because...1. It's in the heart of everything. Right across the street is the Waikiki beach. It's also on the road with all the shops and street entertainment. You won't be bored. On the other hand, if you're in your room or in the hotel outdoor pool area, you won't hear much street noise.2. People are super helpful and nice. We told the front desk that we were on our special anniv. trip and asked if they can give us an upgrade and we got it! Floor 27, beautiful view of the beach... awesome. Also the concierge is really helpful. Specifically Jim (I think that's his name--a japanese gentleman with glasses...) was SO helpful. He also gave us tips on local restaurants that are known for good food that are not touristy. 3. Beautiful! The lobby is open air and gorgeous. The rooms (I got a corner room which is bigger) are beautiful. Nice decor, flat screen tv, clean. The 3rd floor pool/bar area is really nice. It's super clean and they really take care of you. You can rent out towels which they will lay on the chairs for you and you can just lay there and relax after a day full of activities with a book and a drink. They also let you borrow towels and chairs for the beach outside the hotel, which is nice. We also took advantage of the indoor workout area which is great but i wasn't on vacation to work out so i only did it once. it's there if u want it tho. :) We didn't like it because...1. We rented a car (which i totally recommend bc we spent half the time up in the north shore of the island which is about 1-1.5 hrs drive) and the parking cost us just as much as renting the car. I think it was 20-25 bucks a day. and to park is a hassle because the lot is really small and squeezed so after a long day of doing stuff, you don't wanna get your car out to go out for dinner again. 2. They charge money on local phone calls! It's a buck for a call. We didn't know and were making calls to restaurants to make reservations and such and turns out we were charged a buck for each call. If you're from the mainland, just use your cell phone. 3. Internet costs. They also charge $$ for wireless internet. But that turned out OK bc it made us not think about our life back at home and just enjoy our trip. :)Some other things we loved about honolulu:Good asian food! There was a Thai restaurant 5 minute drive away from the hotel called Puckett Thai (sp??). Excellent!!! This is one of those places tourists won't know about. Seoul Jung 2 minute walk away had excellent korean bbq. Alan Wongs was 5 minute drive away. Really expensive but if you wanna end your last night with a great dinner, this is the place to go. You'll spend between 60-100 bucks per person but it's well worth it and i'm not even that rich! Dukes is right on the waikiki beach and we had dinner our first night there. Great food and ambiance. ABC convenient store had really good japanese pastries and their to go japanese noodles and rolls weren't that bad either! Mr. Musubi (spam+rice+egg wrapped with seaweed) was actually really good too. if you're on the go, i'd totally recommend it. Keonis is a thai restaurant just around the corner from the hotel but they serve good and cheap breakfast. Pancakes are really good there.Good activities! We went surfing at the Fire Hawaii surfing school. They are firefighters who are really great teachers. I am NOT athletic mid 20s female and I got to stand up and ride the wave for about 30 seconds! it was exhilarating. Definitely worth it cuz when are you going to surf if not here?? We went Snorkeling at Hanauma bay. The water feels kind of hazy at first but if you go out a bit more, even tho it's not that deep, you'll see LOTS of fish. It was GREAT. Northshore beach-we went to Waimea bay or something like that. There's limited parking but if you get a spot, it's SO spacious and clean there. we went back multiple times to come here. We even saw sea turtles here!!! Diamond head was nice. I'd hike it if you haven't done that yet.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Savuer
<Content>Quality Property Only Surpassed by it's People!       one of the best  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>supernova87a
<Content>very nice place, and a good deal if done through Priceline We stayed here in early Oct 2008, and were pleased to have received a good deal ($129/night) through Priceline. The hotel was everything you would expect from a high quality Hyatt, with attentive service and helpful staff. One downside is that there is no free wireless internet, which is the paradox of the most expensive hotels. Hyatt has furnished their rooms excellently, and everything was comfortable and flawless throughout. The hotel has beautiful grounds and shopping areas, and easy access to the beach, ABC stores for food, snacks, etc, and lots of restaurants all over the place. One important tip for others staying here, if you're interested in avoiding the incredible $25/day parking charge, simply drive half a block over to the Pacific Monarch hotel, where you can park in their garage any time in/out for $12/day. Or even better, go over to Ala Wai Blvd for free parking after a little bit of a search if you're storing the car for more than 12 hours. enjoy!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>Berru
<Content>Pleasant stay throughout!       Our deluxe room  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>dereview
<Content>Great Hotel in a great location! I really loved this hotel. It was in a great location, walking distance from the beach- 2 min and good rooms.We got this room on Hotwire for $229 which I thought was a great deal for a 4 star hotel. We got upgraded to partial-ocean view room and a got a disables room which worked great for us since the bathroom and the room was huge! My only compliant was the double beds were too small, I guess they were full size.The hotel is big and you can get lost at times, the entire hotel seems popular to a lot of Japanese tourists.They have the trolley and bus that stop right across the street. Overall great value!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>randinc
<Content>excellent hotel The Hyatt Regency Waikiki was just about perfect. Had an Ocean Front room on the 28th floor. Daily breakfast buffet was included. The room was large and nicely furnished, 32 flat screen TV was a nice touch. Housekeeping was efficient and everyone we came in contact with pleasant. We ate at the buffet daily, (naturally). It was excellent, the regular basics plus a few different items each day. Also ate at the Seafood Village, (2 times). Dinner specials are excellent, service impecable. There are two ABC stores in the building that are like small supermarkets. All kinds of other upscale shops as well. Location was perfect, if we return to Honolulu we'll stay at the Hyatt for sure.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rosebud9802
<Content>Luxury at the Hyatt!!       The Hyatt from the sunset cruise organized through the Expedia desk  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>marineflyer
<Content>Hyatt Waikiki Review       grand piano ambassador suite  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SAQM
<Content>Clean and Comfortable But Noisy Street Traffic I decided to stay at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki after admiring it during the last ten trips to Oahu. The Super Sunshine Free Breakfast Partial Ocean View and 3rd Night Free was the best vacation deal. I also picked the hotel because the room was larger than many of the surrounding hotels. The d茅cor is basic and the room was soundproofed. It was nice keeping the lanai doors open throughout the day and evening. The only drawbacks were the noisy street traffic despite Kalakaua being a one-way street and an untalented street performer drummer who would not quit until 1:30AM. I discovered a Laundromat on-site but the maintenance department should service the dryers. There is also a medical office on-site. The hotel employees are friendly and courteous. The next time that I stay at this hotel, I will pick a room with a mountain view which should be on the side street with less traffic noise.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerRW
<Content>Hyatt had nice room,balcony       Hyatt central waterfall  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whowy04
<Content>Great Deal for a Hotel (basically on) Waikiki Beach!!!       Another Waikiki Beach view from the hotel  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>LadyofHaig
<Content>Pleasantly surprised       View at night  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>breoni
<Content>Nice hotel with a perfect location       Our room on the 38th floor.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nyorker3331
<Content>great chice just got back for a great week in waikiki... great excellent chice.. clean and spacius room very good service ... great location no complains.. after long search prior the trip and debuting between hilton and hyatt i am happy with hyatt only becouse i think location is better and not isolated like the hilton..only issue i had was the internet connection did not work very well and after few attempts to resolve the issue with the front desk i gave up.. did not want to spend so much time with support...  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>MarkRuck
<Content>Superb Hotel Superb accommodations in the Ewa Tower and the staff and others (Expedia.com desk and Budget Rent-A-Car) couldn't have been nicer. The hotel is as gorgeous now as it was 23 years ago when we were there on our honeymoon, with a beautiful open and airy three-floor lobby with plenty of shops.I mentioned that this was our first time back since then and the General Manager, David Lewin, sent a bottle of champagne to our room. Classy!Other notes: We booked a package through US Airways so the room was cheaper than had we booked it a la carte. It also included free breakfast, which is an impressive buffet with freshly-made omelets and waffles. Find a package that includes breakfast as it'll set you back $25 per person if you don't. With four of us over four days that was $400 saved right there.Worth mentioning, but not a deal-breaker: The bathrooms, while clean and in fine working order, could use some upgrading--they look a bit old. Also, at a hotel of this caliber and price, free wi-fi should be part of the deal. Right now it's $10 for 24 hours. The hotel business center was also a pay service, so it could cost you $5-10 to print something like boarding passes so you don't have to deal with doing it at the airport. I've stayed at cheaper hotels where this was a freebie, so there's no excuse why a high-end place like the Hyatt Regency can't do it too.But again, that's small potatoes in comparison with the beauty of this hotel and the professionalism of the staff. I'd gladly recommend it to anyone and wouldn't hesitiate to go back there myself.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>OpEd
<Content>Exactly what you need in Waikiki! First let me say that I have stayed at the Four Seasons in the US and abroad as well as at $10/night hotels in SE Asia and this really met all of my expectations. Not super fancy, not a dive, good value for my dollar. This is Waikiki after all so yes, it's noisy at night, yes, there are expensive restaurants and lots of people. If you want a different experience, stay at Turtle Bay on the North Shore or head to another island.I got a $192/night rate on Orbitz for an Ocean Front Deluxe and ended up in room 2761 in the Diamond Head tower. Tried to check in at 1pm, but the room was not ready. Came back at 3pm as advised and we were set. They did try to put us in an Ocean VIEW (rather than Ocean Front which is a nicer category) room, but when I pointed it out, they made a speedy change.The hotel is in a great location 20 steps from the beach and our room was nice and large with a spectacular view. It had a large side chair/ottoman, desk and chair, flat screen, dresser, separate dressing  bathroom area. The pool is tiny, but the lounge chairs are very comfy and if you want to be in the water, the beach is 20 steps away. Service was excellent and for the price we paid, it was a bargain.I also really liked that when you called or spoke to the concierge about doing an activity, they gave you all the options including how to take a bus ($2) to get somewhere vs. pushing you into one of the tours.PROS: Big room, great view, good price, they loan you sand chairs and beach towels to take to the beach for free, car rental on site, laundry on site if you need it, live music at the pool/bar in the evening, and right in the heart of everything WaikikiCONS: Restaurants in the hotel are only so so and kind of pricey (but lots of things in walking difference that are better/cheaper), the door has a big gap underneath so lets in light from the hall, the non-smoking rooms allow smoking on the decks so if you have your door open or are outside it smells when others smoke. The bed is not super comfy, but the linens are great.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>exhusker
<Content>Liked it a lot! I'm a huge Marriott fan, but I went off course this time and picked the Hyatt over the Marriott in Waikiki. The pricing was similar, but the Hyatt was offering free parking since we booked through Cosco Travel. Although the Marriott looked nice enough from the exterior, they Hyatt's location can't be beat.. Our room was large and clean. It could probably stand some updating, but with the gorgeous ocean and sunset views, who really cares what the bathroom  dressing area look like?!We had wine each night on our lanai, while watching the nightlife below (and fireworks on Monday  Friday nights). The staff was friendly and accommodating, and the daily breakfast buffet was nicely vaired each day so we never got tired of the food.Although we're probably getting a bit too old for all of the action of Waikiki, if we ever return, we will definitely choose the Hyatt again. Our vacation was lovely. Thanks, Hyatt!  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>DB440
<Content>Exceptional We stayed here for the first 8 days of our honeymoon.It was quite simply gorgeous.Great location, right accross the street from waikiki beach.The staff were superb, and the room was extremely spacious with superb view.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>sweiserw
<Content>Great Service, Free Hurricane This was a Priceline last minute special, so I wouldn't feel right about posting a bad review. Fortunately, I don't have to.This was our first visit to Waikiki (we'd been to Big Island in 07), and though we're from LA, we weren't quite prepared for the intensity of the area, the huge numbers of people crammed into a small space, etc. Some people sniff at Waikiki, tawdry, plastic, etc., so our expectations weren't that high. Pleasant surprise: didn't see tawdry. Did see upscale chain stores and restaurants, all familiar from malls across America. Also many more reasonable and original places to shop and eat.Did not eat in the Hyatt, so can't rate their restaurants.Everyone was friendly and efficient, especially Michael, the parking kahuna. Everything near-new and scrupulously clean. Patrons at least 50% Japanese, mostly in families. Pool and spa too small and hopelessly crowded, essentially unusable.Room: we were [gratis] bumped up to a mountain-view room on the 25th floor; loved the view, and room was fine, but within five minutes became aware of banshee-howling winds, winds that sounded like a blizzard on the Montana prairie, I'm talking screaming winds. We tinkered with the lanai sliding door, no luck, called the desk.Extremely polite repair person showed up within minutes. While the Hyatt's octagonal design is in part at fault for the wind-tunnel effect, there was a problem w the door. Repair guy added weatherstripping, pounded, hammered, etc., really threw himself into his job. Later we heard him buzzing and drilling in the unit just upstairs from us. The hurricane stopped, but design flaws continued to be apparent, in the form of drafts and flows of air in and out of the room at all times. Put a towel under the door to help control this.That's most of what I can say about the place. The lobby is huge, 3-story waterfall as advertised, three levels of shops almost entirely uninhabited almost all the time. How do they stay in business?? Very overpriced goods, all available at 1/3 the price down the street. Escalators to and from the lobby were confusing at first, but we learned the pattern. The Hyatt is indeed across the street from Waikiki Beach Central, canoe rides and all, but it doesn't have a beachy feel. We wandered through the Sheraton across the street and that empties onto the sand -- far superior -- far higher price, too.We were out of the room most of the day, and ate out with friends 3 nights out of 4, so Waikiki Beach itself remains something of an abstraction to me. Swam at Kailua -- or rather, got battered, but no harm done -- and at Waimea on the North Shore. Loved the North Shore, by the way: gorgeous, friendly, much more like Hawaii as we mainlanders like to imagine it.Saw the Brothers Cazimero at Chai's Island Bistro on Wed., 7/23. They were incredible: just stood there three feet away, opened their mouths, and that music came out. Robert left early (he had a plane to catch) but Roland hung around and shmoozed with customers and generally acted like an ordinary mortal, at home in the middle of the sea. I loved it.The food at Chai's, however -- there was way too much of it. We ordered the prix fixe and were full by the end of the appetizer course ... yet it kept coming, like another wave over already seasick passengers. I don't want to look at a coconut shrimp and Thai peanut sauce for a year -- and I generally love those things.Last word on the Hyatt: if you get it on Priceline, as we did, take it. You'll have the luxury feel and top-quality service. If you can afford to pick and choose, the grande-dame Sheraton is actually on the sand (as are several other hotels, of course, but this is the one we saw) and has triple the ambience nd aloha feel.I just have to add: if you're on Oahu, see Pearl Harbor. I won't get into that now, except to say that watching 67-year-old blobs of oil float from under the sunken USS Arizona ... like the souls of the deceased ... I remembered that for all its exoticism and enchantment, Hawaii is still America, and Americans gave their lives in this place. Not to be forgotten.sw  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>shwilson
<Content>Exceptional Hotel Our family stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 12 days in June 2008. We cannot say enough about this hotel! We booked a Deluxe Oceanview with double beds. Since we are Hyatt Platinum members, we were given the opportunity to upgrade to the club level. After inspecting the upgrade, we decided to stay in the room we originally booked because of its spaciousness. The breakfast buffet was unbelievable! What a way to begin your day on the terrace overlooking Waikiki Beach! Our daily server even gave our children (7 and 10) hula lessons!  We cannot wait to visit the Hyatt Regency Waikiki in the VERY near future!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jeffWashingtonDc
<Content>Hyatt hub of activity Just returned from 3 nights at the Hyatt en route back to the East coast from a Western Pacific islands buisness trip. Although I had been to Honolulu previously, this was my first stay at this property. The Hyatt is located in the center of Waikiki and is walking distance to many restaurants and all of the shopping (except the Ala Moana Center). My room was next to the elevator and somewhat subjected to a lot of noise as guests came and went. As other reviews mentioned, the accomodations are comfortable with the bathrooms needing renovation. My primary complaint was with the pool area located on the third floor overlooking the beach. While it could be a pleasant place it was overrun with children both in the pool and hot tubs. Despite signs saying 12 and over for the hot tubs, there were numerous unattended young children using the hot tubs as a playground. When I mentioned this at checkout, there was little concern or response. So if you desire peace and quiet, I would suggest a more adult oriented property (i.e., Moana Surfrider).  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>ChrisSuz
<Content>Had A Great Time! My wife and I stayed at the Hyatt for our 10 year anniversary and we had a great time. The room was a Deluxe Ocean View on the 28th floor. Our lanai had a great view overlooking Waikiki Beach. The room itself was nice, the bed was very comfortable and the bathroom was nothing special but it served it's purpose.Included in our stay was the breakfast buffet. This is one of the few negatives that I have to say about our stay at the Hyatt. We were not really impressed at all with the food and if we would have paid $20 per person for that we would have been greatly disappointed. We did not try any of the other restaurants at the hotel.The pool was nice but pretty small considering how large the hotel is. They give you fresh towels with each trip to the pool and will even give you chairs to take across the street to the beach. Barbara, the waitress at the pool, was awesome. She remembered us after day one and kept the drinks coming!The location was great. Directly across the street from the beach and just a block or two away from great restaurants and shopping. The police station is right across the street from the hotel so do not be worried about anything you may have heard about the crime. We did not see or hear of any!The concierge was also very helpful in getting us a different flight back to the mainland. There are ABC stores everywhere in case you need to pick up an item you forgot, anything you may need to snack on or those little trinkets to take home.I would be confident in recommending this hotel to friends and family and would definitely stay there again.One last thing, check-in is on the 2nd floor...go up the escalator or elevator one floor when you get there.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nabaaty
<Content>Japanese oriented hotel but everyone can enjoy :) We stayed in this hotel for our honeymoon, which was spilited between Honolulu and Maui. At time of checking we found out our room is not ready and when we got it we found it the room has double queen bed with half city half ocean view, which was against our wish. When we complain they offered us free parking ( $20 pn ) for our stay and they promised to move us to the first available ocean view king bedroom. So we stayed in 2 different rooms each with different amenities and views and I should say both rooms were great. Very big and comfy...the best thing was the gorgeous view of ocean and city light at night. To be honest we liked half ocean half city view better! This hotel is located right cross the beach so it is like you almost got your own private beach! There are many restaurants, shops and boutiques in the lobby and they are all very Japanese oriented!!! One thing that was obvious is the fact that Honolulu has many Japanese residents and tourists and if you appreciate the culture ,Hyatt Regency is the best hotel for you. They even offer Japanese style of breakfast along with many other excellent food for daily breakfast buffet. Over all happy and book again  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>bobandkaren0811
<Content>Loved the Hyatt We stayed at the Hyatt in October of 07 and loved it. The service from check in to the breakfast buffet to the pool area was impeccable. We especially have to give kudos to Barbara and Paws at the pool. By the 2nd day they knew we would order a lava flow and were very friendly. We researched the rooms and knew we wanted a great ocean view so we opted for the deluxe ocean view and got the view we were seeking. The room was great and the bed was so comfortable. The bathroom was the only negative and there was nothing wrong with it but it was just an average bathroom and we were expecting a bit more but no deal killer...it's just a bathroom. Our room included a free breakfast buffet and it was excellent. Generally we are hotel hoppers because we enjoy trying new places but if we can get as good of a price as we did last time we will definately stay at the Hyatt again. The location is excellent, service is excellent, and we just had an excellent stay!  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saintsmom2010
<Content>Will never stay in this hotel again Considering the price and the so-called reputation of this world wide hotel we were dissapointed with this one. The hotel is not on the beach, You have to cross the street to a public beach always crowded, even homeless people, its dirty. Do not be fooled by the pictures of the pool in the hotel. The pool is just like a kiddie pool. Considering the size of the hotel, two large towers, it is simply ridiculious. The hotel itself is more like a mall. You have to carry your bags to the second floor to check in, and access the elevators. It was clearly designed to attract shoppers, because as guests you are forced to go around and around to access the elevators and the escalators. We paid for ocean view room, and their ocean view means going out to the corner of the balcony and see a glimpse of the ocean. We took our lap top with us, only to find out we had no wifi access in the room, we had to go to the corporate center to access the internet, at additional cost. On top of that we had to pay extra to be able to lock the laptop in the room. The only good thing about our stay was the breakfast. The hawaiian chef making the omelettes was great, the food and the variety were great. Other than that I do not recommed this hotel. Their advertisement, and all the nice pictures in their ads are misleading to the customers.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sandi312
<Content>Good Location The hotel is a huge property  has a nice lobby area with a waterfall. The location is really good because it is right across Waikiki beach and foot steps away from all the amazing shopping (which there is a ton of from the Ala Moana mall to the International Mkt- located just footsteps from the hotel for buying souviners  trinkets). The rooms are standard and no big deal, same goes for the bathrooms. We were on our honeymoon, so the rooms weren't what we expected at first so we asked to change it so we can have a nice view of the ocean. The staff is very friendly which is always important and they were always willing to help us with anything we needed.  For the food, room service food sucks, but the breakfast buffet is pretty good and you can have breakfast with a beautiful view of the beach. As for dinner, we always went out so no comments on the restaurants located inside the hotel, other than it seemed like they were never really busy. In general, if I ever come back to Oahu, I would probably stay at the Hyatt again. Especially from looking at the other properties in the area, it seemed the Hyatt was the best one. Oahu (Waikiki area) is very alive and croweded so if you like quiet and non-commercial areas, Waikiki is not your place.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	4	3	

<Author>TripLVNY
<Content>great staff, hotel and location There are only 2 negatives in this review and both happended right at the start.we arrived at around 11:30am , too early to check in. They gave me a pager and said it would go off when the room was ready, or to come back at 3pm. So we waited and waited around, coming in San francisco clothes into te heat of Hawaii, well it seemed like a long time. At 2:45pm I went back and it seems the room had been ready for ages. Anyhow we got to our room which was lovely, a king as requested, spacious with a working (and empty) Fridge, and everything you could ask for. We flaked out for a while and after about 20mins I noticed that planes seems to be flying over every min or so, that cant be right we aren't on the flight path. Evntually I realised we were right beside the elvator shaft and we were hearing the elevator goin up and down all the time, what a noise ! I guess I coulda asked to move, but they generally quiten down around midnight and so we decided to stay put. (room was 1651 btw)Everythng else about this hotel was great. Staff were extremely friendly, pool area, was really well staffed. The pool itself is very small, but you are well looked after by the staff. Room service food was fine, and both the food and the drinks at the bar/pool were quite reasonably priced given the quality of the hotel.Location is literally right across the road from the beach.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Brooke2
<Content>The Hyatt was outstanding First of all, thank you to everyone who has submitted reviews on Tripadvisor. These really helped me plan what was an amazing holiday in Hawaii (I returned only a few days ago).I stayed at four hotels during my stay, so I will review the other ones separately on the website (being Westin Moana Surfrider Waikiki, Four Seasons Resort Maui and Westin Resort Maui).I was extremely impressed by the Hyatt Regency. It was in a great location across the road from the beach, in the centre of activity, and offered superior hotel facilities. From my perspective, it was probably the best place to stay in Waikiki if you wanted that 5 star hotel feel as it was the largest hotel there, featured an impressive lobby and interior, nice guest rooms (all of which had balconies/lanais) and had a range of restaurants, high-end retail shopping and many other facilities (even a doctor's surgery which I found surprising).I booked a Deluxe Ocean view room to ensure I had a good view of the beach (I had read several reviews to indicate that Partial Ocean view rooms in hotels generally provided views of buildings or mountains, with just a speck of water!). My other room specifications were for a room in the Diamond Tower, as suggested by other reviewers (I think due to views down the beach towards the main area of Waikiki) and a room higher in the hotel to avoid any street noise. The hotel offered me the exact type of room I wanted which demonstrated their high level of customer service from the beginning.In fact, in other reviews I had read some people mentioned about good or bad customer service at hotels generally, which I hadn't previously perceived as important, but I was given such good treatment at the Hyatt I realised how much I appreciated this. I was quite surprised at how friendly and helpful the staff were.In terms of the restaurants, I only went to the Terrace Grille for the breakfast buffet, which was excellent. Again, the staff were very attentive. The restaurant was open-air and overlooked the beach, so it was a nice way to start the day. There were also other restaurants in the hotel which looked nice (including an award-winning restaurant).All in all, my stay at the Hyatt was excellent and I will be keen to book there again when I return to Hawaii (hopefully soon).  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gorams
<Content>Fun Fun Fun Location, Location, Location - the beach is directly across the street. Large and accommodating. The beach offers rentals of any and all water toys. Catamaran tours are also waiting for you to enjoy. The Hyatt offers a grill right there on the beach. The Trolly pick up is right outside the hotel. This is very convenient. The hotel has a lot of upscale shopping in the mall.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lcivello
<Content>Beautiful place.... Nice honeymoon My Husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 10 nights in April for our honeymoon. The hotel is very nice, and the location is perfect! It is right across the street from Waikiki beach, and within walking distance to a lot of things! Breakfest buffet- Is a good size, and has a variety of fruits, muffins, pastries, eggs, bacon, cereal. Enough to get your day started. Hotel- Rooms are nice, good size and really comfortable beds. The bathrooms are outdated, but who cares. Beach- Waikiki beach is really nice, water in some parts have high waves, but they have sections blocked with barriers where the water is calm. The staff at the hotel ranged. Some where really nice, and some where not! We informed them we were on our honeymoon, and they suggested we pay an addition $150/night for an ocean view room. When we told the front desk we were not interested, she was some what insulted! The view didn't matter to us as we didn't spend to much time in the room, and the view of the mountains that we had was beautiful- especially in the morning when the sun came up. Sunrise over the mountains, was breathtaking! The expedia desk was very helpful in booking your excursions, we went on: Ocean voyage (dolphins, sea turtles, and whale sightings) you also snorkle on this one. Pearl Harbor, Germaines Luau, Circle Island tour, Diamond Head crater, Monoa Falls rainforest hike, honolulu zoo is within walking distance from the hotel. Overall our honeymoon was excellent! Honolulu/Waikiki is worth every penny is cost to get there, and every sent it cost to eat.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>ajpeters
<Content>Regency Club Worth Every Penny We had a wonderful time at this hotel. PROS: The staff was so accomodating it was ridiculous. On check in they upgraded our Mountain View deluxe room to a room on a Regency Club floor (34 - 40 I believe). This meant that the Regency Club room on the 39th floor was open to us as was a nice spread for breakfast and cocktails, drinks and appetizers in the evening. Our bed was turned down and chocolates left behind each night. The view from the room was beautiful although an ocean view would have been nice. The location was good as well, Cross the street and you are on the beach; it's maybe fifty foot from the hotel wall to the sand. All the high-end shopping you could want and good restaurants are to the right as you face the beach. A block inland brings moderate priced American fare.Almost forgot - They put out tangerines by the elevator every afternoon!CONS: Waikiki is loud and bright. If you are looking to relax, the hotel is nice, but it's very noisy on the balconies and on the street. If you really want relaxing location don't come to Waikiki. Paying for parking is the only thning I can really complain about, although this is standard for most hotels, especially in a city.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>cynister
<Content>Fabulous We stayed between April 21 - 28. Everyone was so so courteous and always referred to us by our names. The pool was a bit small but it was good enough for my 9 month old baby. It has a great view of waikiki beach. There are rocking chairs for you to just sit and enjoy the view. The room does not have a mini bar anymore but the refridgerator is still there so you can stock up on your own booze. We did valet parking because the parking garage was across the street not far but i rather pay the extra $5 for someone to bring my car to me. There are in and out priveleges. Also keep in mind that there is no parking in waikiki. The only down side of the hotel room was the washroom. It needs some updating to match the rest of the hotel. Can't wait to go back next year!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>practical_genius
<Content>Fantastic (If you dont need an internet connection) Overall, absolutely 1st class. The only gripe I had was the internet connection being absolutely 3rd world! In their defence, we were upgraded to the Regency suite and given use of a limousine, free cocktails between 5pm and 8pm AND free breakfast.I trade on the UK markets, so I was still upset as this is classed as a 4* hotel, but, to their credit, they did try and do everything that was in their power to sort it out.Overall, fantastic stay and I would definitely go back (if I dont need an internet connection).  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	1	

<Author>pierceconsulting
<Content>Best Hotel in Waikiki This is my second time at this hotel and it is THE BEST in Waikiki !!!!! Both of my stays were in March of 2008 and included my wife and I and our two sons. Our first stay was in a deluxe ocean view room that looked over the outdoor dining area and the swimming pool. This was a very nice room because it had views of the ocean and the Waikiki strip. The added bonus was the Hyatt plays Hawaiian music in the pool area and we could always hear the music from our room balcony and we loved that. When you go, remember to ask for your free-use beach chair at the pool cabana before you head down to the beach. The onsite ABC stores can provide you with anything else you need day or night.For our second trip to Waikiki, we booked our room at the Hilton Hawaiian Village just to try a different hotel. The property was nice, but the staff were so rude it spoiled it. So after only one day, we missed the EXTREMELY nice staff at the Hyatt so much that we cancelled the rest of our reservation at the Hilton and moved to the Hyatt. After we got moved to the Hyatt, our room was a deluxe ocean view room on the diamond head side of the tower. The view from this room was absolutely fantastic! We were again greeted by the wonderful staff at the Hyatt and our fun time in Hawaii was back on track!So, after two trips to Waikiki, I can tell you that the Hyatt is the only place to say. My hat is off to the management at this property, because the staff go out of their way to make sure you have an excellent visit to Hawaii.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FiestyFox
<Content>This was my favourite! I ended up here purely by default as the travel company had overbooked my stay at another hotel. The Hyatt could offer 3 nights out of 6 but that was enough to make me fall in love with the hotel. I can't fault it one bit. It was clean, comfortable, friendly and in a great location. What more could anybody want. Ok it's a bit on the expensive side and there are lots of other cheaper alternatives just a stones throw away from the beach, but if you fancy a bit of luxury then I'd go for this hotel. I'm hoping to come back here for another stay one day.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Analisa
<Content>great location Received free up-grade when I arrived to a club room. I am very glad I did not request this room from the beginning- although I had a great view! the room was just average (although a bit above average for Waikiki) the price for what you get is extreme. It was a large room with two double beds, btw double beds are only slightly larger than twins, the bathroom was very 3 star-tops. The club floors offered a lounge where they provided minimal snacks and drinks- they provide a bartender. Not quite like the free range at a Sheraton club lounge. The breakfast buffet was- ok to good. They do have a guy (great guy) that makes omelets, eggs and waffles. One word of caution, the valet is s-l-o-w. I did manage to have an issue of misplaced keys which caused an hour delay in them retrieving my car. Positives- great location right beside market place and across from beach. Quick and efficient check-in/outWould I stay again, no...  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>bluebirdLA
<Content>Absolutely LOVE the Hyatt Regency Waikiki!! I just came back from Hawaii (Honolulu) and we stayed at the Hyatt Regency. It is an absolutely beautiful hotel and in the best location. It literally takes about 30 seconds to walk from the hotel lobby to the famous Waikiki beach. The rooms are comfortable (albeit the view was not great...overlooked rooftops and a parking lot), and the cleaning staff is very nice. Actually, the entire hotel staff was welcoming and helpful. Inside the hotel, there is an Expedia tours, Hertz, and Budget car rental stations where you can go to book same-day tours or rent cars, etc. which is very convenient. They have an amazing spa that overlooks the beach and ocean. We took hula dancing lessons in the spa ($20 per person and is offered on Tues/Thur/Sat) and had a wonderful time. I love this hotel...no doubt I shall stay again!!In terms of tours, we booked the following excursions:1. Pearl Harbor: booked through the Home of the Brave Tours and not only did we visit the USS Arizona memorial, we also toured the Home of the Brave Museum which has a nice selection of WWII memorabilia. The tour guide (Kelly) was professional, friendly, and very informative2. Horse-back riding at Kualoa Ranch: amazing experience; the horses were mild-mannered and well-trained. The view overlooking the ocean, lush trees and Chinaman's Hat was amazing. The staff is super, super friendly!3. Hanuama Bay: definitely should visit as the water is as clear as can be and there are lots of fish to see if in the deeper part of the ocean4. Germaine's Luau: highly recommended; the tour guide (Georgie) was professional and hilariously entertaining. The show was not very long but the quality was good. This was also the most reasonably priced (less than $100 unlike other ones that are available). It is large (~500 people) but did not feel out of control...it was like having a backyard party...with 500 of your closest friends...sort of!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>MK2000
<Content>Dazed  If you want to be in the center of Waikiki action and across the street from the beach, you can't pick a better spot. than the Hyatt to lay your head at night. But be prepared for a high-rise hotel that's basically built on top of a shopping mall. There are scores of shops on the first three levels, and you have to navigate your way through a maze to reach the room elevators. Other than the constant need to get your bearings, the hotel has everything you need when you'r e not enjoying the incredible variety of Waikiki shopping and dining options.  Rooms were recently renovated in a low-key style and rather non-descript decore. Beds are plush but batherooms are cramped and still somewhat dated. Spa is top notch, and restaurants are good but not great, partcularly given the high tarrifs charged. Pool is intimate (read: small) but comfy chaises and attentive service compensate--and don't forget the beach is right across the street.If you want big, sprawling and convenient, this hotel is highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Edistotiger
<Content>Overall good hotel Recently stayed here for a few days while visiting my godparents in Honolulu. I chose this hotel primarily due to its location (across the street from the beach, only 4 blocks from my godparents' condo building). Overall, my husband and I were pleased with our stay. The room (in the Diamond Tower) was large  spacious. It was also comfortably furnished; the bed to us was very comfortable, and there was a refrigerator and a nice flat screen TV in the room. The bathroom was not luxurious but was adequate. The maid service during our stay was excellent. Desk staff was friendly. Parking is expensive ($20/day self park, more for valet parking). The location of this hotel is excellent, being within easy walking distance of the beach, shopping,  restaurants. The hotel also provides free shuttle service to any locations within a 5 mile radius. It is very large, so someone looking for personalized boutique service will not find it here. However, my husband  I were both pleased and agreed that we will stay here again when we come back to visit my godparents.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>IrishWalsh
<Content>Great spot, great service I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency from 2/23-3/2/08 and had a wonderful stay. I went for a conference and roomed with another person and found the room to be very clean and spacious at an affordable rate. I stayed in the EWA tower which is supposedly older than the DiamondhHead, but was fully renovated. I had a partial ocean view/mountain view room which overlooked waikiki beach. I recommend staying high up in the hotel to reduce noise from the street and an overall better view. This hotel is literally across a 2 lane (easy to cross)highway right onto the beach. You can get beach chairs at the pool to take across the street, but make sure you go early because they run out. And if the beach gets old, because it is very small ,the pool is great and the pool chairs are very comfortable. There are 2 hot tubs on the deck of the pool which overlooks the beach and the waitresses are very friendly and accomodating. At night on some nights of the week there is live music by the pool which I didnt care for but it stops at 9:30 which I was grateful for.The concierge and the activities people are very helpful and not pushy at all. This is a great location as it is within walking distance from all the hotspots in downtown Waikiki. It is also right on the bus route to get to DiamondHead which is awesome and a variety of other attractions. We took a Catamaran ride one afternoon at 3pm on the MaiTai Catamaran which was a 90 minute boat ride for 23 dollars. It was well worth it. Totally laid back with a really cool crew mixing cheap drinks with an opportunity to jump in the ocean and take a swim. We saw plenty of humback whales on that ride...no extra charge. On the day we left the hotel was so accomodating for our late flight out. We got a hospitality room to shower and change in and they stored our luggage for the day. No problems and no extra charge. Everyone in the hotel is friendly and helpful. There are tons of places to find cheap food around the hotel within walking distance. A great restaurant on the more expensive side a friend recommended was Nick's Fish Market down Kalakua Ave. it had great food and great service. Overall I was very satisfied and would return without hesitation. I have stayed in Ritz Carlton's and other 5 star hotels and I thought the service here was much better.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KAZ2008
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location! We booked this hotel through Pleasant Hawaiian- which was a TERRIBLE experience and I highly recommend you AVOID the company entirely- but that's another story.Pleasant Hawaiian pulled a bait-and-switch and promised us a room level that they did not deliver. Fortunately, the staff at the Hyatt Regency was SO kind and accommodating that they gave us a complimentary upgrade simply because we asked. The room they offered us as an upgrade was beautiful, with a fantastic view of the ocean.Clearly they have paid attention to some of the negative points people have mentioned previously- they had free coffee, refrigerator, irons, hair dryers, etc. in our room. They had every amenity one would expect, including free valet parking (which is an absolute must in a place like Waikiki!).The hotel is VERY large and definitely not your quiet, romantic getaway on the beach kind of place...but if you enjoy being in the center of everything, just steps away from the beach in a beautiful setting- this is a wonderful hotel!The staff was AMAZING- every single person we dealt with was helpful, professional and very, very kind. The room was clean and comfortable and nicely decorated with every amenity necessary. The location is fantastic- right on the beach, within walking distance to every kind of shop, restaurant and close to everything. The only cons would be that the hotel is very large, the street outside can be noisy at night- but we were so tired, we hardly noticed! And the shops and restaurants on site are predictably expensive (but very good!). Overall, we loved this hotel and would highly recommend it to anyone who likes to be in the center of everything and doesn't mind the hustle and bustle of the big city! It's no secluded tropical hideaway, but everything you could want or need is right on site!  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>Cheryldel
<Content>Hawaii ...as it is today. Our travel agent screwed us. We paid her for ocean front delux at another hotel. We were transfered here after she failed to make the reservation. The staff was superb at the Hyatt. They took over where our agent left off. It was our anniversary and they left champagne in our room. And our view..I tell everyone that you know that photo you always see of Hawaii ..the one with diamond head and the beach..well it must have been taken from our room #3063. The girls at the front desk were WONDERFUL!! Comfy beds, Clean. Wonderful room service. Fast elevators...and all the free coffee you desire. Now if only the street noise could be blocked out.... But that is NOT the hotel's fault. The breakfast buffet is a bit high at 25 per person but Denny's is always around the corner.  Above all else...location!! you dont need shoes to walk to the beach directly across the street. Take the $20 catamaran ride off the beach and tell them the folks from Buffalo sent you.You WILL have a great time. Mahalo  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NJ-Eric
<Content>Okay for free I stayed here for free on Hyatt Reward points, and it was good enough, all things considered.Positives: the staff is very friendly and helpful, the location is superb with a direct view of the ocean from some rooms, and I really liked the breakfast buffet. Negatives: There are 2 towers: Diamond Head and Ewa. Being there for free, I was placed in the Ewa Tower, facing the sheraton, the source of Hawaiiian lounge music which dominated the room (sound coming through the balcony's sliding glass door even though closed) until almost midnight. If you pay to stay here, INSIST on the Diamond Head Tower. 2) Room service menu is overly limited. 3) No mini-bar any more. 4) Pool is tiny. Overall, this is an acceptable hotel, but hardly 4 stars if that's what you're seeking.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>QueenTravel
<Content>Would not repeat       View from rm 2528-diamond head tower  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>cutwaterduck
<Content>Solid Honolulu hotel Stayed at the Hyatt the week before Christmas. Stayed on the Regency Club floors with a fantastic view of the ocean and Diamond Head. Balconies are also very nice size.The staff was very accommodating in putting us in rooms that were connected and next to each other, as we were traveling with several family members. Generally found the staff to be quite responsive.Overall the hotel is a bit older but management has done a good job of maintaining the rooms and furniture. Depending on the price differential, I would consider booking a Regency Club room, both since the higher floor rooms are further removed from the street noise (which can be very loud), and for access to the club facilities and amenities such as breakfast (especially since the hotel breakfast is pretty subpar for the price)My wife used the spa facilities and was very impressed.Negatives: the pool is definitely too small for a resort of this size and quality. The breakfast buffet is very overpriced, particuarly given the poor selection of foods.While I believe there may be better deals in Honolulu, overall the Hyatt is a very pleasant place to stay.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>mauidreemn
<Content>Good location Very nice hotel! We got this on priceline for $165. Right across the street from Waikiki. Room was very clean and beds were so comfortable! Area seemed very safe. The only complaint that I have is the Budget car rental car pick up is in the basement and is very difficult to get to.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dannykiv
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised       Lobby- waterfall  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ddbertoncin
<Content>Beefy Boredom A steak place along the lines of Morton's or Ruth's Chris but not as good. The room looks tired with no particular theme. The service was efficient but service people should avoid using no problem in response to everything. The caesar was good and the beef tender but tasteless. There was an unfortunate incident with some guests who seated themselves which annoyed the host who insisted they return to be seated elsewhere. The place wasnt busy and this non-English speaking couple seemed bewildered by what was happening.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>meggssy
<Content>It Was Just Ok We stayed at this hotel for 3 days after having switched from another hotel because it was too noisyI booked through the hotel on a pay for 2 days and get the third one free with breakfast included. The price did not include tax which they dont mention so you get a surprise when 12% is added on per night at the end.We booked a deluxe ocean view room. It was on the 28th floor and the views were wonderful. The room was nice but the bathroom was very small and was a disappointment for the price you pay per night. The beds were great and lots of pillows. It was not noisy on the 28th floor . The Hyatt is in a great position with the trolley stop right across the road.On the last day our phone did not work and we reported it straight away. Six hours later it still was not fixed and i reported it again. A nice lady from reception came out very apologetic and recommended we move rooms. She found us a room on the 20th floor and promised us she would send us up a nice bottle of red for our inconvenience - we never saw it !!. So that was disappointing giving up our nice room with a full view to a room with a side view only of the beach for the same price.I would not stay there again. It would have been a great hotel 20 years ago but not now. The breakfast buffet was very average.I think you are much better off spending the same amount at a hotel right on the beach that the Hyatt.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	2	2	5	

<Author>frogoletta
<Content>Nice, but overpriced and crowded The location is great...right across the street from the Duke statue and the trolley stop. You can't beat the location but I didn't think it was worth the money. I have had better service and ammenities elsewhere. There are hotels for half the price within a block of the Hyatt that seem to be just as nice.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>minifish
<Content>Pleasant stay Normally I expect less for a resort hotel than a hotel catering to business travels, but this one is an exception. We arrived late at night but were arranged with the room and parking in a timely manner. Then we found that the room we book ed originally was near the elevator. So we asked the front desk whether it is possible to switch to a different room. Joji at the front desk immediately arranged an upgrade to an ocean view, which is fantastic. There are two towers within this hotel. Some tourbooks suggest not to book a room other than those in the diamond head tower, but we found that is not necessary. We did not stay at the diamond head tower, but the room we originally booked and the one we got upgraded are spacious and clean, and both offer a great view.The overall service at the hotel was quite professional. We stayed during the peak season and the hotel was crowded. But we called the guest service three times, and each time the door bell rang within 5 minutes after we hang up the phone. Both the house keeping and the luggage handler were prompt and professional.Now some notes:(1) You can choose a self-parking or a valet parking. But the parking ramp is next to the hotel's 2 towers, and the ramp is extremely narrow and difficult to navigate. Most time only one car is possible to pass. The first 3 levels of the ramp were reserved for valet. So you have to drive up in the ramp quite some time to find a good parking spot. If you plan to drive and want to park in the ramp, make sure you get a small rather than large size car if possible. (2) We loved the restaurant Ciao Mien in the hotel. The food is great. But the quality of their cocktail seems to vary a lot. The first night we had a dinner there we both ordered a cocktail and it tasted fine. Next time we were there again, the cocktail was poorly done. (As a comparison, the red moon at the Grand Hyatt Beijing is superb)(3) The hotel is huge and therefore during high season is crowded with tourists. There is a long line at the breakfast place in the morning, so make sure you get there either very early or later of the day. The breakfast serves from 6 to 11:30 am during our stay.(4) The pool is rather small (but who needs a pool when you are just steps away from the ocean?). The fitness room is also small but the equipment is first-class.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Ashesval
<Content>Would return next time in Oahu This was my first time in Hawaii and I wanted to stay at Waikiki. My husband and I enjoyed this hotel and location immensely. I loved the Hawaiian music they played throughout the day in the lobby area, the pool, and most especially the breakfast brunch we were spoiled with every single morning of the week! You get to sit outdoors and enjoy the ocean air.This hotel is located in the most convenient spot on Waikiki. The place is clean, has friendly staff, is secure and quiet at night. I would not dream of staying anywhere else on Waikiki and risk not enjoying myself as much as I did on my first visit to Hawaii! I dream of going back every day...  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kiwi2travel
<Content>Hyatt on Waikiki Beach, soooo nice This hotel is a blast, my wife and I stayed 1 week, got a deal with breakfast that overlooks Waikiki Beach. The hotel is beautiful, rooms are generous, the hotel is open on the bottom floors because the weather is so nice. There's shopping and lots of stuff to do right on Waikiki walkways. This is essentially the heart of Waikiki/Honolulu. You'll find Pearl Harbor, Airport, major parks all within a short drive of this hotel. If you like working out, they have a nice deal with 24hour fitness for $10 dollars per 24 hour period. They have a spa and free use of their limited cardio equipment. You can't go wrong at this place, it's fantastic. Their breakfast is the best b/c you're not closed in and you have a wonderful selection of asian/international items on their menu/buffet to choose from. One bad thing, because the location is so prime, the parking is across the street and the garage is tight and tricky to get around in. Other than that, you will not be disappointed if you stay here, have a great time.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mrsflores
<Content>Size Matters       Room 1102  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>dorko
<Content>Terrible Terrible. Stay somewhere else. Zero concierge help. Girl at the desk recommended we eat dinner at the hotel or at a mall ten miles away. Expedia has some sort of service in the lobby but it mostly caters to touristy day trips. All we wanted was a recommendation of a restaurant. If a hotel staff can't manage that they need a different job.Bellman told us to take a cab to Pearl harbor when a bus ride would have saved us 40 bucks. Obviously the management does not enforce the notion of service. My wife and I are not fussy when it comes to traveling, but with the prices that the Hyat in Waikiki charges, there HAS to be a better way to spend your money.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tricolours
<Content>Just loved it I stayed at the Hyatt in Oct 07 for 7 nights. Now admittedly I may have been caught up in the whole Hawaii thing, but I just loved it. The hotel was elegant but not pretensious and the location was fabulous. I priced the Outrigger  Sheraton etc and I could not believe how much more they wanted for beachfront. Don't get conned this hotel may be across the road but it looks straight at the beach and Waikiki surf, and I think is towards the better end of the beach anway.We had Ocean View rooms and the outlook was incredible. Overall the rooms were great, large  comfortable with very comfy bed. Yes they were a tad dated but you could live with it because the position was second to none,. We ate at a couple of the restaurants and found them to be very good especially the italian/chinese place. The bar around the pool was very pleasant.Its proximity to the main shopping ares is ideal only being 200m to the international marketplace and across thr road frm the main beach area with all of the hire gear. It has a realatively large shopping area underneath it as well including 2 of those great ABC stores where you can literally get everything. I think this is the pick of the Waikiki hotels and would come back here without hesitation. Don't get sucked into the saving money argument and stay a street or two back. If you are in Hawaii you want to see the ocean, and trust me the Hyatt delivers!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>meshellej
<Content>Loved the hyatt I stayed at the Hyatt for 7 nights the end of November. It was clean and everyone was so nice. It sits right accross the street from waikiki beach and there are ABC stores everywhere. That is were you buy water snacks anything you can think of they are everywhere.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>AFrequentTraveller
<Content>Great beach front location       Hyatt Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>LucyWales_UK
<Content>Loved the Hyatt Regency My Husband and I stayed at this hotel for our honeymoon in August 2007 and were absolutely blown away by the hotel and location.On arrival were were upgraded to a full ocean view room as we were on honeymoon. The room was huge and clean and tidy with the most magnificant view over Waikiki beach where we could watch the surfers and the sun set from our balcony. We were also left a free bottle of champagne in our room and all the staff (particularly the housekeeper) were very friendly and helpful.We would not hesitate to stay at this hotel if we visit Waikiki again. We cannot praise this hotel enough!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>planetkelli
<Content>Assault I really liked this hotel in times past and as a travel agent for a very large reputable firm have sent quite a bit of business their way, however was gravely dissapointed by the way in which Hyatt neglected to ensure our safety and security! My family, friends and I were attacked and assaulted right in the jacuzzi and the hotel staff did nothing to prevent or stop this until it was too late. Then when it was over and the police came the hotel manager on duty refused to remove the assailants from the property as he said they were victims too when it was apparent these heavily intoxicated people perpetrated the act. For example, the primary assailant attempted to murder one of my traveling companions as her hair was pulled and head held under water while her husband who shouted sexual obsenities toward us watched. Hyatt failed to take care of us before and after this incident and for that I can never recommend them again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>venicegirl
<Content>overdue review - stayed memorial day 2007 Picked the Hyatt b/c it is directly across from Waikiki surfing beach and my FI and I were there to improve our surfing by going out 2x a day. Didn't want to spend $$$$$ when none of the Waikiki hotels are that amazing and most of them are overpriced, but wanted to stay somewhere nice, and I got a pretty good deal thru Travelocity that included breakfast.The breakfast buffet was a very satisfying spread of a variety of foods and made the deal especially worth it - basically, we'd get up early and surf, come back and shower, and then head to breakfast around 10:30 or 11 and it ended up serving as our lunch too since we stuffed ourselves! It included made to order eggs, American buffet food (waffles, meats, fruit, cereal, french toast, pastries, etc.), and Japanese buffet food (miso soup, meat, fish, rice, and some other things I can't recall). Service was very nice with coffee and so forth brought to the table for you. We didn't have to wait in line to get in b/c we got to brunch so late, but if you get there before 10 there may be a wait (we'd see a long line when coming back from surfing).Our room was right behind an elevator which I feared would keep us up with the mechanical noise, but I guess we were tired (plus we brought along a sound machine). The room was small but the bed was comfy (especially compared to our horrible uncomfortable bed experience at the otherwise equally as lovely Marriott the previous year), and we had a view of Diamond Head although we had booked a city view (upgrade?). I registered as a Gold member before going, which made the coffee pods and a newspaper complimentary each day.While we were there our friends were at the Outrigger on the beach, and although they had an amazing balcony over the water, their room was a lot more outdated and motelish and they paid more than us.The gym was satisfactory. There were tv screens on the cardiovascular equipment, and towels were provided.I was very satisfied with our stay at the Hyatt considering my relative expectations of vacationing in Waikiki (for me has a primary purpose of easy surfing, or else I'd go elsewhere to my more favored areas of Hawaii). This was my 3rd time in Waikiki.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hilgrls
<Content>Met all expectations We chose this hotel based on the room size because we were going to be traveling with 2 teenagers. It was actually very large and comfortable. Wish that they had rooms with larger beds. Doubles are way to small no matter what your size! Otherwise the hotel was awesome. The location is better than being directly on the beach and much quieter. Everything you need is right there, even an ABC store on site. You can check out sand chairs to take to the beach, which is directly across the street. Barbara at the pool bar is absolutely the BEST, very nice and friendly. Check your bill closely cause they charge for everything whether you use it or not. But they were great about crediting any errors. Overall the right choice for us and would stay there again!!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>coffeechick45
<Content>Beautiful Honeymoon with personalized service! We stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki for four nights and wished we stayed longer. This was our first trip to Hawaii and the first hotel we stayed at during our honeymoon (we also stayed at the Sheraton in Kauai *BLECK* and the Westin in Maui *eh*. The Hyatt was the perfect place for us since we are from NYC and are used to the hustle and bustle of things. Waikiki is a gorgeous city with PLENTY to do. The Hyatt itself is a beautiful property with a room to suit anyone. It is located across the street from the beach where you can take surfing lessons (we did!) and rent equipment. The restaurants at the Hyatt were so-so. Our room rate included a breakfast buffet every morning, ch was nice and not something we ever would have paid $24.95 each for. Musashi was very mediocre sushi, but they sent us free dessert while we were there since it was our honeymoon. Oh, and the free champagne! The hotel is very family friendly and offers kids' room service, which we ordered for dessert one night (horray for brownie sundaes that look like clowns!) If you're there do NOT miss the Elegant Dive, their poolside bar and grill or their spa-their lomi lomi couples massage is not to be missed. Barbara is the nicest server I have ever encountered and remembered us by name after lounging by the pool only once. The check-in and check-out process was a breeze and the staff was attentive to our needs. We will return as soon as we recover from the jetlag...  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>nina5
<Content>Great Breakfast During our four days' stay in Hyatt, the most memorable thing was their breakfast buffet (which was included for the hotel guests). The breakfast serves western traditional breakfast food with the additions of tasty Asian choices (there are a lot of Asian tourists staying in the hotel). The staff was very friendly and efficient. The room we stayed at wasn't impressive. It was rather small. There is no fridge. We rented a fridge from the hotel for about $15. The fridge was tiny. We liked the pool and hot tubs. Every night there was live music entertainment at the pool area. The spa facility was nice, but pretty pricy. Overall, we had a pleasant experience staying at Hyatt in Waikiki, would recommend it to others.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>bowie7
<Content>Hyatt Overbooked We booked our stay for eight nights at the Hyatt for September in March 2007.We did read reviews on tripadvisor. We arrived after a day of getting up very early, being jammed in a plane for 7 hrs,and our shuttle bus to the Hyatt left us at the airport as our flight was late only to find out the Hyatt had overbooked and we were being moved for 1 night to the Sheraton Waikiki. We were not given a chance to say NO WAY, we were just put into a cab and off we went. Hyatt did pay for the cab to Sheraton and back to Hyatt the next day, but what a hassle, We wanted to unpack, find food and Relax. But no, we had to stand in another check in line, argue with the Sheraton about our room (it was to be equal or better than what we were to get at the Hyatt). They gave us an ocean view alright...RIGHT OVER THE POOL BAR !! Loud music til 10pm. We got about 3 hrs of sleep. We had breakfast (included in our package) Sheraton did have a great view of Diamond Head at the resturant. We walked along the beach that am and then took the cab back to Hyatt. Once back at the Hyatt we did get a nice room on the 27th floor with a great view of the beach and Diamond Head, the room was spacious and furnished nicely. We asked and were given a free dinner at the Colony restaurant, it was great! Good service and great food, very pricey. Also we were given a 200 dollar room credit. As some have mentioned the pool is small for such a large hotel, but we always found two lounges next to one another and the pool staff was great! Really enjoyed the ABC stores and Made in Hawaii Too stores in the hotel . Some service was spotty, did not get turn down every night as we were supposed to and also did not get paper delivered each day until we asked twice. Sometimes the room was not cleaned until late in the day, making it difficult to relax and clean up after a day at the pool,beach or snorkling before going to dinner.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>adkboards
<Content>Nice Hotel but Nickled  Stayed five nights, Sept. 10-15. Paid $264 a night for a deluxe ocean front room through AAA. The hotel is beautiful, the lobby is basically a three story open-air atrium with all kinds of shops and a beautiful waterfall. We checked in at 3:00pm but the room was not ready and was told the room would not be ready till 5:00. They gave us an upgrade to the Regency Club lounge to apologize for the delay, but that did not open until 5:00 either so what was the big deal? (Side note: don't spend any extra money on a room with access to this lounge, it is a total waste of money, the breakfast was basically some stale bagels, orange juice, and coffee, (no decaf). The lounge is only open for cocktails from 5:00pm - 8:30pm, the exact time you will be probably showering up, going out to dinner and not in the hotel, what a coincidence). Our room was large and looked to be recently upgraded, new flat screen TV, etc. but we did not get the king bed we requested, only a double. When we called to request another room, we were told the hotel was completely booked and they would call us tomorrow, which of course they never did. When we called the next day they said we could move to a room in the other tower, (we had requested, and received the Diamond Head Tower which is directly in front of the center of Waikiki Beach, the Ewa Tower kind of overlooks the new section of the Mauna Surfrider.) The other room was much smaller than ours, had a much worse view and was kind of dark, so we just kept our original room and made do with the small bed. (The towers are shaped like octogons and the rooms on the front and sides are much larger than the ones on the angle sides, if that makes any sense.) They charge $25 a day for valet parking, which was extremely prompt in getting our car and all the valets were really nice, but still, $25 a day?! They will also charge you if you want an empty refrigerator, we put a couple of water bottles that we bought into the mini bar fridge and they locked it on us! And then charged us $1.57 on our bill for each bottle we put in the fridge! Unbelievable!Anyway, the hotel is really nice and the location can't be beat. It is a great deal compared to the hotels that are directly on the beach, our room had a great view for about half of what you would pay for a ocean front room across the street at the Mauna or Outrigger. The room was always clean and pretty quiet and the lobby area was by far the nicest of any hotel we saw in Waikiki, but the nickel and diminess kind of grated on us.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>Babes1
<Content>Top notch stay(s) at the Hyatt Waikiki My husband and I had a three night pre-cruise stay in late July at the Hyatt Waikiki booked on Gold Passport points in the Regency Club, mountain view. The room was large, newly redocorated and had a flat panel tv, as well as a view of Diamond Head and a balcony. The bed wasn't as comfortable as most Hyatts we have stayed at, but we were usually exhausted so it was fine. It was a little dark as it was on the shady side, but cool and comfortable. There was a coffee maker, but we never used it as we had Regency Club privileges. The main pool is very small, but there is a private rooftop sundeck with padded loungers, a hot tub, and free bottled water and towels for Regency Club guests. You can get free backpack beach chairs at the pool to take across the street to the famous Waikiki Beach. The location of the hotel is perfect--across the street from the best action on Waikiki with the beach boys and surfboard rentals. And a thirty second stroll to shopping, from the most expensive designer store to the ubiquitous ABC stores. There's also a good, cheap beach bar for inexpensive lunches and snacks on this beach, called Hyatt on the Beach. We came back to the Hyatt for one night and most of the next day post cruise as we had a red eye flight to Vegas. Although we could not obtain Regency Club reservations on initial booking for this part of the trip, upon check-in we were upgraded to the Ambassador Suite since they could not get us a room near my parents, who were traveling with us. The suite was nearly 1600 square feet, with two huge bedrooms, two bathrooms, a living and a dining room with every amenity, including Regency Club service. Now that's an upgrade! Cary, Mark, and Micheline of the Regency Club staff deserve special mention by name for their outstanding customer service--and I have seen them mentioned on several websites. They all go the extra mile every day for their guests. Cary and Mark's smiling interplay with guests and each other keep the cocktail hour guests entertained. Regency Club includes free continental breakfast in a private lounge and free evening cocktails and snacks. The food and drinks are always great, the service is stellar and it's fun to meet other guests in an intimate atmosphere. Oh, the service....they mailed my postcards for me, they brought me a fresh vegetable tray when they noticed I was looking for more...they gave me a to go cup to take my gin and tonic to the airport...and Micheline recommended tours, as well as checking us out in the Club and arranging for us to stay in the suite until 6 p.m. on checkout day (instead of 11 a.m.) Plus we could enjoy Regency Club hospitality until we left for the airport at 8 p.m. In short, having a regular room at the Hyatt may not be as special ---but if you can swing it, or are a Gold Passport member, I would highly recommend a stay here in the Regency Club. I'm dreaming of the day when I can go back. It's all about the service!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jetblast25
<Content>Don't bother- overrated We were at another place nearby for 1 night before moving to the Hyatt for the next 2 nights. If I hadn't been redeeming Gold Passport points, I would have been even more disappointed.I learned (by asking) prior to my stay that although there are no resort fees, there was a fee of $19/day for a fridge in the room. Luckily I asked so we could opt out. Why do they need to do this? Is a fridge an extravagant luxury? These nickel and dime fees at upscale hotels are really annoying. This room was listed online at $300/night. I shouldn't have to pay $19/day for a fridge. Ah, the light fingered Hyatt touch. The room was large, yes, but unimpressive, blandly decorated. Small bathroom. We were on the backside of the property for the category selected. We had a nice terrace which would have been great for morning coffee, however, our in-room coffee maker included some set-ups, like sugar and paper cups, but no coffee. I assume there was a fee for the coffee. More Hyatt touch. We also had no bathrobes. Available, for a fee? I don't know. I know these are little things, but I indeed expect those little things. Isn't that the Hyatt touch? BTW, our $75/nt place down the street had plenty of in-room coffee, not to mention also free in-room internet, robes, free coffee in the lobby accompanied by a (free) cont'l breakfast and even a fridge, also complimentary. As a result, I continued to ask myself, why am I here?, then I asked, why are all these other people here? The check-in process was very impersonal. I assume they were hoping I'd use the check-in kiosk and not bother the desk staff. No bellmen for baggage ass't. On departure, we were directed to the bell stand for storing bags. When I asked the Hyatt person at the hotel entrance if he was the bell stand, he could only say nope, and wasn't int'd in directing me to the proper person/place. Unless I was interested in a taxi, he wasn't int'd in me or my bags. We did sort it out and found the bell person. I see all of the very high ratings of this hotel on this site and wonder if I was in the same place. IMO, it was pretentious, over-priced, under served, and those annoying fees. Thanks Hyatt, keep your fridge, I'll go back to the friendly place 2 blocks away and save my money for diving.As a 3 star hotel this was fine, but as a Hyatt, with Hyatt prices, I expected much more and was very disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	5	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>Bo94114
<Content>Wonderful Stay Stayed 3 nights on the Regency Club Level, King bed, Ocean ViewExcellent: Cary, Mark and all the Regency Club Staff! They work very hard and remember repeat guests. Bed, view, check in and check out. New flat screen TV鈥檚. Good: renovated room. Colony restaurant. Valet speed (call ahead). Housekeeping. Vanity lighting. Robes and slippers. Hamper. So So: Hallway carpets and elevator lobby carpet condition (scheduled for renovation). Gap big under the door and lets in a lot of light. Hallway noise. Single cup coffee maker. Tub lighting. New towels leave excessive lint on the body. Bad: Nothing. This is still one of the best places to stay in Waikiki. The beach access and staff are excellent.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	5	4	

<Author>seplin2003
<Content>Awwfullll! Don't stay here! I stayed at the Hyatt since they were doing construction at my apartment and guess what? They were doing construction at the Hyatt also! I was so irritated! The last morning of my stay, they started hammering at 7:45 a.m. I stayed up late the night before thinking I could sleep in until at least 10:00 a.m. before I had to check out. There was no warning about the construction that sounded like it was on top of my head! Okay, the bedroom was nice but the bathroom was horrible! The lighting was dingy and everything about it was old! It's like they ran out of money at the bathroom. The door to the tub/shower and toilet was battered and worn, the tub was ugly. There were all these water stains and no light above the tub so when you closed the opaque shower curtains, you were practically in the dark. For the price of the Hyatt, I would expect a much nicer bathroom. Even the Super 8 Motel has brighter, nicer, bathrooms. To top it off, they charge you for the in-room coffee! They have one of those pod coffee makers and they don't give you even 1 cup of coffee free. Plus, if you take anything out of the minibar, they charge you for it. I took out some sodas and put them right on top of the minibar to put a cheesecake in, and they charged me for the sodas that I put back the next day. Unbelieveable! The parking is also horrible and dangerous! The valets there come speeding down the corners and the lot is just too small for all these SUVs that everyone seems to have/rent. It doesn't help that the marked stalls seem more narrow than normal. Lastly, the Japanese restaurant Musashi was awful too! Way overpriced and the food was mediocre. My stay at the Hyatt was an overall awful experience!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SallyRI
<Content>Perfect Waikiki oasis The Hyatt Waikiki is located n the center of a very busy shopping mecca, directly across from Waikiki beach. For its guests, it represents a beautifully maintained, tranquil oasis .Our 3 night stay was wonderful. We were upgraded to a lovely, spacious ocean front room on the 19th floor overlooking Waikiki Beach. The view from our Lani was simply spectacular.Customer service was warm and accommodating, with attention given to every detail. The pool area is small but beach chairs and towels are available for use on the shores of Waikiki. The breakfast buffet was excellent with a wonderful waitstaff and a host who remembered our names and preferences by our second morning.Hyatt Waikiki epitomizes the Aloha Spirit and Hyatt's reputation for excellence.In comparison to our very disappointing stay at Hyatt Regency Maui, this was simply the BEST!.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>aznnick91
<Content>It wasn't Great AT ALL!       view from pool deck  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	1	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>edandhy
<Content>Loved the ambience We were originally booked to stay for 2 nights on a budget Aqua Ocean Tower, but check out from that place after one night due to an extremely moldy room condition and smell. We landed Hyatt for $165 plus tax and fees (total of about $195) via Priceline on the morning of the check-in (about 10 am), packed up and arrived at Hyatt around 10:30 am, checked-in and left our luggage with the bell desk, and was admitted to our room around 1 pm. Overall, the hotel was in great shape, and the amenities were top class. We're usually budget travelers, so this was a real treat at approximately $50 more than what we paid the previous night at the Aqua Ocean Tower. The rooms were about twice as large as the Aqua, and carried a fresh scent as soon as we opened the door to our room. Locationwise, Hyatt is a crosswalk away from the center of Waikiki action, and our family thoroughly enjoyed our one night stay. After we checked out the next morning, our flight to the Big Island wasn't until late in the evening, and when we asked for a hospitality unit to wash up after a day in Waikiki, they graciously offered us a unit for one hour. Overall, two big thumbs up for the Hyatt Waikiki. We'll definitey come back.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>awright517
<Content>Wasn't The Best  We stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki 8/1 - 8/3 in the Diamondhead Tower. I believe this area of the hotel is an older area, as it seemed a little outdated and needs some refurbishing. The carpets were a bit dirty in the cooridor areas and the rooms were not all that sound proof. You could hear the sounds from inside the rooms while in the cooridor area. The actual room we were in was in definite need of new carpet, it was grungy looking and some of the seams were coming up around the area of where it met the bathroom door so there were threads coming up. The actual bathroom where the toilet and shower/bath were was very small and the fixtures were very outdated. However, the bed was very comfortable and the linens were nice and the pillows quite plump and comfortable as well. The refridgerator of course was fully stocked with excessivly overpriced items, sode @ $2.50 per can, 16 oz bottle of Fuji Water was $5.50 per bottle, etc. but that's a hotel for you and to boot Hawaii too!! The location of the hotel is nice, however it's very hussle bussle and very busy all the time. The hotel restaurant breakfast buffet is extremely expensive, $25 a person, however children 4 and under eat free at the buffet with a paying adult which is nice. You can definitely eat enough so you don't need to eat lunch, or just need something light for lunch, so it kind of evens out paying that much, althought it is quite expensive. One thing to note when eating outside at the restaurant is the bird/pigeon problem. There are birds every where constantly trying to get at food left on tables from previous diners, and if you get up be careful your plate is either guarded or empty, because they will swoop in while you're gone. The waiters are constantly doing what they can to get the birds out of the area, however it is a little pesky while trying to eat and kind of ruins the whole outside thing. There are signs posted not to feed the birds, although they do a good job of finding their own food with out having to be fed by anyone. The conceiarge staff was nice and helpful, although I can't say the same for the bell staff. I asked for a cab and sat there for 15 minutes before I realized that they either ignored my request or forgot about it, needeless to say I had to ask again. The front desk staff (Danica especially) was very pleasant. Beware, if you don't bring your own computer there is one available in the business center to use to the tune of $0.65 per minute, which is quite a rip off, but Hawaii for you. The beach is great, and there is plenty of space, although it's always quite crowded. All in all I felt the hotel was satisfactory, it wasn't over the top, but it wasn't a motel 6 either. I think it's got some work to bring it up to a quote luxury property, although that may not be what they're looking to be considered either.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ALloyd
<Content>Loved the Hyatt This was my 1st trip to Hawaii (Honolulu) and I must the admit the Hyatt lived up to its expectations. The entire staff was friendly and knowledgeable. The location was great (on the beach and around the corner from the International Marketplace - a great place to buy souvenirs). The rooms were spacious and clean. We even received a free room upgrade just by asking. I would recommend trying to book a room with the breakfast buffet included as food can get very pricey. I would also recommend getting a massage. It, too, was a little pricey but well worth it. I would definitely stay here again with my next visit to Hawaii.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hobbob
<Content>Fantastic Location This hotel location is the place to be. You walk out the hotel's front entrance and cross the street, and you are on the best part of Waiki Beach. The hotel consists of 2 towers joined by a 3 storylush waterfall lobby. It's difficult to get your bearings when you first walk in the large lobby, and our group didn't master finding the tower elevators til the third day. Rooms were typical Hyatt rooms. Use valet parking, its so convenient. Parking yourself can be a challenge. Parking spaces are so small!.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Masimike
<Content>Great location and that's all We stayed 3 nights at the Hyatt in Honolulu after a disappointing 4 nights at the Hyatt Maui (see review). Again, this Hyatt was not 5 stars either.We were on the diamond level - the carpet in the hallway was filthy. The room was ok - balcony small - bathroom dated (toilet seat color did not match toilet tank color) and again a plastic shower curtain over tub.Breakfast buffet was ok - but not worth waiting in line for. Never tried any other restaurants at the hotel. We used the in-room safe twice a day and was very surprised by the fee at the end of our stay. They charge $3.15 everytime you use it. We called down to question the bill and were told didn't you see the sign? We said there was no sign so they took it off of our bill.If we ever go back to Honolulu the Hyatt will not be on our list.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>JKY11
<Content>Wonderfully located       Loud atrium waterfall!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>horizonbound
<Content>A great hotel in an unpleasant city       Tiny pool, but the beach is across the street  
<Date>Jun 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>karate55
<Content>Loved our stay Recently stayed for a week right in the heart of everything. Very clean and nice served it purpose. The following week sent our son and fiance who graduated from College as a gift and they loved it also.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stugots34
<Content>Great service        Diamondhead  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Expectations2007
<Content>Nice, but not as nice as the Hyatts on the other islands Nice service, but view, pool, and spa were no where as good as other hyatts in hawaii  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Travalors
<Content>Not too bad, not too good We just got back from our vacation at the Hyatt. We thought that Hyatt has one of the best locations in Waikiki....you can take a late stroll all along Kalakaua...with all it's major shops. Waikiki beach is just across the street....but not the best beach we visited in Oahu. We also found it convinent to get around Oahu....with the Hyatt kind of being at the middle of everything from Hunauma Bay to the USS Arizona Memorial. The hotel even has the little shops in levels 1 and 2 for everyone to shop at. For convience this is a great place. Oh, if your vacation package includes a daily breakfast buffet...then cool go try it out...it wasn't too bad. However, if I had to pay the amount that they were charging if it wasn't included with your trip...then I say: it's not really worth it.However, if you don't like the traffic/noise from all the cars/tourists then this is not the place you want to stay at. The parking situation was not the best. It was a torturous task everyday just to get in an out of the parking garage, which will cost you $18 a day...even if you are staying there....this doesn't include valet parking. The hotel room was okay....little older, but still nice. The towels were not the cleanest....they really need to try to get new ones or just try to clean the one's they have a little better! Overall it was a nice experience....just not sure if the price that we got charged was really worth it. May or may not stall here next the next time we visit.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	5	2	4	4	3	

<Author>WTT_Tennis
<Content>Great Location       Diamondhead  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>new_xp
<Content>Excellent hospitality We booked this for our post-cruise stay for just one night. We got a room on the 10th floor with a very small partial ocean view. The room itself is very spacious(bigger than most hotel rooms we have stayed), clean and comfortable. All rooms have lanai. The best part is the location. It's in the most convenient part of Waikiki. Since we don't have a car, this is definitely a plus. There is a nightly hula dance show right across the street by the beach at 6:30. Why we rate it 5 star is their service. Our flight didn't leave until 9pm. We told them that we really want to do some snorkeling at Hanauma Bay after we checked out. The staff told us that we could check into their hospitality room(first come first serve) to freshen up before we head out to the airport. Now that is service! We simply dropped off our luggages with the bell boy that morning, then did our water activities. We checked back with the hotel at 6 and got our hospitality room for 1 hour use to freshen up. That was really great. We wouldn't have done any fun water activities that day if we weren't given a place to freshen up before we fly red-eye back to the mainland. Way to go! I would stay here again in a heart beat.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>l3abboud
<Content>GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is an EXCELLENT HOTEL (location, rooms, food, common areas...)  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LoveToTravelAlbanyNY
<Content>Love Hawaii but not necessarily the Hyatt . . . . As with most of the 5 star hotels on Waikiki, this hotel is NOT a resort. It is a nice, upscale hotel that is comfortable. There are better values to be had than the Hyatt. The room is comfortable in that it is spacious and the bedding is very nice. The pool is TINY and given the hotel has 1200 rooms has the potential to be overcrowded. A band plays in the evening by the pool til 10:00 and if you have an ocean view room, it feels like the band is on your lanai! The doors slam in the hallway which is disturbing - the echo is quite loud. The Terrace restaurant was great for lunch. Try the Hula Grill (above Duke's in the Outrigger) for breakfast - it's a great value especially if you are looking for something other than the buffet scene (the staff are wonderful as is the food). Be aware you will be charged $15 to have refrigerator in your room ($15 for the entire stay) which is a ridiculous considering you are at the Hyatt! The least they can do is offer you a small frig. You can sign out beach chairs by the pool which is a very nice feature. The staff were very hospitable and accomodating. Drinks (poolside) are fairly reasonably priced. All in all, we would stay there again if the price was right . . . but it would have to be a great price.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Thumbless
<Content>Excellent Rooms...horrible food       24th floor ocean view  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FlipperGirl
<Content>Not bad, but not perfect This is hard to write. I stayed here for 6 nights for business this past Fall. There are some pluses and minuses to the hotel. Overall it's not bad and I would recommend it depending upon the price or deal you get.The room I had was a good size, clean, comfortable bed, decorated nicely, had a chair and ottoman, desk, big dresser, two end tables...armoire with TV. The closet nice sized, there was a large vanity w/sink outside the room with the shower and toliet. So, for a couple of people it's convenient and large.There were nice tolietries, hair dryer, iron, etc. You have to pay for the in-room coffee, which is unreal, but that's hyatt for you. The balcony was small, but ok. You can control your own room's temperature. I didn't hear the neighbors much other than when they slammed their doors, so it was comfortable for business traveling.The hotel itself has many restaurants, a coffee shop, is big, and requires a lot of walking getting around to the various places (front desk, ground floor, etc). The pool is very small, but we loved the pool bar and the night bartender is a GREAT guy!It is in a GREAT location in Waikiki. Not on the ocean side, but across kalekekua where there are no other hotels on the beach side, so if you get an ocean view room, it's across the street, but a decent view. There are enough ABC stores to go around and plenty of shopping in the hotel shopping area and on the street nearby.We ate at the hotel's italian-chinese (yes, that's what i said) restaurant one night and we found it to be way over priced (pay xtra for rice?!) and poor service, as well as marginal food. But, the ambience and decor was nice. The regular restaurant for breakfast is pretty good, and you can sit iin the open indoors or out on the deck (but it's up on the 3rd floor so you cannot see the beach from here -- like the pool deck).the parking location if you're in the ewa tower is a long walk to get to -- we chose to valet since the parking gararge was actual across the street from the diamond head tower .All in all, i would return here if paying on my own dime, however, not if it's more than the waikiki marriott down the street. this time was at least $350/night and i didn't even get the ocean view room. i was dispointed by that b/c the rooms themselves were just not worth $350/night to me, since i've stayed in waikiki and all over hawaii a lot and have had better rooms for a much better price. Try Duke's down the street for dinner and for the brunch. If you want local food, try the I Love Country Cafe, which is in a strip mall near the Ala Moana (bus or drive distance). Also, Ryan's in the mall is a favorite for the locals, decent dinners and food.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bogie27
<Content>Great place to stay My wife and i recently spent 3 nights of our honeymoon at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki. The hotel itself is beautiful. It has a 3 story waterfall inside and many shops and restaurants to visit. We had an ocean view room on the 27th floor. The rooms are neat, the beds are comfortable, there's plenty of dresser space to store your clothes and the view from the balcony was great. If you can, try to get a package with breakfast included. We saw this as a money saver, as most restaurants in Waikiki can be expensive (even the simple burger joints). As another money saving tip, I would also suggest going to the local ABC stores (they are small conveience stores in the hotel and literally on every block in Waikiki) and buying simple things like water, crackers, chips, etc and eating that for lunch. Trust me, we did this and saved a lot. The streets of Waikiki are always busy, especially at night. The Hawaiian islands are about halfway between U.S. mainland and Japan/China and Austrailia, so we saw lots of people from other countries which was great. The bell hop told us that they average about 5 weddings a day at this hotel (and i believe it because we saw plenty of brides and grooms!), so if you're looking for piece and quiet, this may not be the place for you, unless you plan on staying in your room:).Take a couple of the tours and learn about Hawaiian culture. We did the Polynesian Culture tour which was all day (leave at 12 noon and get back about 10pm) and we did a luau and saw a Polynesian dance show. We also did a short 3 hr tour where we hiked thru a rain forest (yes there are rain forests in Hawaii).  
<Date>Nov 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Photomavin
<Content>Fabulous, fabulous, fabulous We had the most fabulous stay at the Hyatt. Beautiful hotel, fabulous location, very clean. Extremely friendly staff. Great breakfast buffet. Convenient parking. East to navigate. Wonderful room. Maid service was first rate. We have traveled the world, and this hotel is at the top of our list. Will definitely return and stay longer. I don't think there is a better place to stay in Waikiki.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wingkie
<Content>Great Hotel! Nice clean hotel. I booked it through expedia and breakfast buffet is included. Hotel offers turndown service upon request. Hotel provides great smell of Eucalyptus bath gel, shampoo, conditioner and body lotion. Balcony oversees city view. Good customer service!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>CAMMAZZ
<Content>Very nice hotel We visited Waikiki for our 20th Anniversary. In fact, we were able to get a flight one day earlier than planned, so when we arrived, we called the hotel. The front desk person was very nice to us and gave us a room on the 7th floor. It was a beautiful room, but there was another hotel partially blocking our ocean view. The next morning, I called down to the front desk and requested a change to a higher floor. Within 1/2 hour a bellman appeared with new keys to our room on the 14th floor, a Deluxe Ocean View. He moved us and the room was fantastic. Very nice hotel staff! The room was great, the service was fantastic, but if you're looking for extras, not the place to visit. I'm one of those people who loves her morning coffee, but the room only had a small, one-cup-at-a-time coffeemaker. The only way to make coffee in this coffeemaker was to purchase from the mini-bar at $1.50 per cup. Not a bad price, but we're kind of used to a pot of coffee in the morning. So -- we went across the street to the Sheraton Princess Deli every morning. This deli is very convenient, with Kona Coffee and good, hot food.For our anniversary dinner, we visited The Colony Restaurant, the hotel's steak and seafood restaurant. Very excellent service! My husband had the Rib Eye Steak and said it was the best he's ever tasted. We had a wonderful time in this island paradise and would visit the Hyatt Regency again, but next time I'll bring my own coffeepot!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrzip
<Content>Waikiki Hyatt was great My husband, 11 year old son and myself stayed at the Hyatt Hotel in Waikiki for four nights at the end of July. Our travel agent bookd an ocean view room and upon check in we were upgraded to a full ocean front. The room had gorgeous views of the ocean and partial Waikiki strip. The room was very clean and comfortable. The bathroom was on the small side but functional. Upon arriving at the hotel it was a little confusing locating the check in desk. It wasn't clearly marked. Ourselves and another couple wondered around for a short while until we saw a very small sign. We thought the location was great. The beach was right outside the front door across the street. Busy street but there was a pedestrian walkway right out front. We did not rent a car. We took the taxis and bus to where ever we needed to go although you may want to take another mode of transportation to Pearl Harbor. One way was close to $50.00 including a tip. We took the bus back. A lot cheaper but time consuming. Our travel agent booked the breakfast buffet with our package. If it was not included with our package I would not have gotten it more than once. The convenience of having the buffet was great but food was average. The pool was very small but there were plent y of wonderful rocking chairs and lounge chairs surrounding it. On our first night, they were showing a movie at the pool They put large floating rafts in the pool, which my son enjoyed. They also served plenty of popcorn. We had light fare at the Elegant Dive restaurant/bar near the pool. This also was enjoyable. All staff we encountered at the hotel were very nice. The Hyatt is a very easy walk to the International Marketplace. and many restaurants. We wanted to try the Colony Restaurant but did not. As other reviewers have stated the ABC store located in the mall adjacent to the Hyatt was great. Very inexpensive nice items such as t-shirts, snacks, water, etc. Kimos coffee in the mall had excellent coffee. The best coffee we had while staying on Oahu and Maui. They do get very busy early in the moring but worth a wait. We did use the Expedia Desk in the Hyatt to book a catamaran ride. The woman helping me at the Expedia desk was helpful. Booked the boat ride and took the ride all within a couple of hours.I would definately consider staying at the Hyatt in Waikiki should we return to Oahu.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Nancy_from_CA
<Content>Hawaiian Hospitality We stayed at the Hyatt from September 23-27. We had booked a package through Pleasant Holidays and had ocean view accomodations on the 24th floor Diamond Level. This floor is available to book only through Pleasant Holidays and has restricted elevator access. If you have any security concerns, this would be a big plus.Our room overlooked Waikiki Beach on the Diamond Head side. The high level of the floor combined with facing the less busy side of Waikiki meant that we heard almost no street traffic - only the sound of the ocean and the happy noise people make playing on the beach. The lanai was large enough for two comfortable chairs and a small table. Our lanai received morning sun, so it was very pleasant to sit in the afternoon and evening watching the surfers and swimmers and enjoying the view of the ocean.The Diamond Level had been recently refurbished and the room was beautifully decorated in subdued Hawaiiana. The beds were comfortable and the linens were crisp yet soft. The bathroom area is quite small, but they have done their best to update the fixtures and counters. There is a single sink set in a granite countertop. The furnished toiletries were very nice.We were impressed throughout our stay with the fine level of service. The valets were quick in getting our car, the front desk personnel were helpful and welcoming at check-in, the housekeeping staff greeted us with a smile and an aloha when we saw them. Our package included a daily buffet breakfast and the restaurant staff greeted us by name and welcomed us every morning.Given the comfortable accomodations, great service and superb location we will definitely be back to the Hyatt soon.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Outrageous_Manimal
<Content>Nice place bad service Staff: Beware of a few of the discourteous front desk staff. One of them had plenty of snooty and patronizing verbiage to dole out sans any eagerness to help. I was appalled by the belittling tone she used to address the Japanese tourists. She tried that with me. I put her back in he place within the first 5 mins. But she put us in a stinking hole. I guess she 鈥榳on鈥?and Hyatt must be proud of her. Anyway the front desk guy next day made up for her offensive demeanor. Room: Bait and switch. First 3 nights in a muggy room with the view of other buildings. The guy at the front desk helped us switch to a renovated room in the other tower. Can鈥檛 complain, that room was excellent with a partial view of the ocean. Loud music from downstairs, did not bother us that much though. Expedia staff: There was a lifeless guy 鈥榤anaging鈥?the desk, who was more interested in carrying on the phone conversation than doing business. I don鈥檛 believe that he was commission was a part of his incentive package. We went to get some advice on destinations and airfares to the Big Island and Maui/Kawaii, and came back with phone numbers etc. The next day luckily a senior guy was there who was very helpful and we sorted out everything. Overall service: Good. Breakfast: Good. Continental  Japanese. No variation, day in and day out. Facilities: NiceOverall experience: Fantastic. Repeat visit to HRWRS: Not in this lifetime. There are cheaper and better placesRepeat visit to Hawaii: Yes. Strongly, advice Kawaii or Maui instead of Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Cheeseheads
<Content>A nice, big place We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights before going to Maui. We chose it for the price and central location. We booked an ocean view room, which we were told at check-in only has a partial view. So, they upgraded us to an ocean front. The views were excellent. The room was spacious and clean. The service was pleasant. The pool was tiny, but that was okay just for 2 nights. We did enjoy having our coffee in the mornings sitting in the rocking chairs by the pool overlooking the ocean.As others have said, there weren't any extras - not even coffee for the machine in the room. Also, the hotel is very big, and it is easy to get disoriented. Overall, we did enjoy our stay. We would stay here again, but wouldn't mind trying something with a little more of a quaint feeling to it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tyetye
<Content>Nice place to stay for a few days in Waikiki       View from room 1556  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mini_tako
<Content>Would stay there again and again We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki for the first time and had a great experience. First of all, the location is unprecedented- two steps away from the beaches of Waikiki (where you can rent surfboards) and lots of shopping. The pool are was small, but very clean and uncrowded. The Na Ho'ola Spa is wonderful with grand views of the ocean and experienced the lomi lomi massage- heaven! Our room was very clean and the bed and comforter was extremely comfortable. The daily breakfast buffet was also nice- sit outside on the patio and feel the tradewinds as you enjoy your meal. We had a great time there and for those who want to stay in Waikiki, this is the perfect place. I would definitely stay there again and again. The one thing I would have liked is free parking...but who doesnt? And since this hotel is centrally located, if you want to just experience Waikiki, there is no need for a car.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rplum
<Content>Hyatt resort is just ok The hotel is rather out dated, meaning the check in desk is on the 2nd floor and with the escalator under construction this means lifting the baggage up the stairs or giving the porters a tip to take them up a elevator in the rear. The floors are wet from a water fall scheme that is very smelly and with grey water coming from the 2nd floor of a hotel it seems like something is wrong with the plumbing. The staff could do better but, with a looming union strike pending then I guess we got all that we could out of them.The location is ok and the sunsets are unmatched for Waikiki because we were in the center of the beach with no hotel or building in front of us.For Hyatt resort it missed the mark. for a hotel on the beach of Waikiki it just good.We had a chance to eat at several of the restaurants on the location and one was great and others ok.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrsIII
<Content>Great! Wonderful place to stay for city life seekers and beach bums.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amann27
<Content>Just an 'OK' hotel Pros:+ Great location across from Waikiki Beach+ Reasonable priceCons:- Old/outdated hotel- Very small pool- Concierge outsourced and not knowledgeable of the area  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>Mottamopsie
<Content>Great hotel and location My Husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki for 3 nights as part of the Perillo 12 day 4 Islander tour. (7/24-7/27/06)The hotel was beautiful and we had a spacious ocean front room. The bed was heavenly and we even had turn down service in the evening. The beach is directly across the street. The pool is small, but the beach is where you want to be. We ate at the Colony restaurant in the hotel one evening and the food was delicious. I would highly recommend this hotel as well as highly recommend Perillo tours. The atrium in the hotel is beautiful and the ABC store has all the water, snacks, etc, that you may need. Honolulu was very clean and I was impressed by the friendliness of the staff and how safe we felt walking on the beach, even very early in the morning. We cannot wait to return; Hawaii is like heaven on earth.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mtavish
<Content>OK, but could have been better We stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 2 nights, Jul 9th  10th. It was just OK. For the elite status of the name Hyatt, I was annoyed by the fact that you are nickle  dimed to death in your room. Coffee is $1.50 per cup. The in-room safe is $3.00 per day. For the price they charge for the room, those little things should be free. The room size was good and the room was very clean. I would not highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, but requires major renovation Great place to stay in the heart of Waikiki however, for the price the Hyatt commands for it鈥檚 hotel rooms it needs major renovations. Upon my arrival I was greeted by the Hyatt鈥檚 Valet / Bell Service representative that assisted me with my luggage and parked my rental car. I was also greeted by angry guess waiting up to 35 to 45 minutes for a car, which gave me a sense things were not going well for the Hyatt. Once you have taken care of your car and luggage the hotel service representative will direct you to its Lobby level, which is located upstairs via the escalators. Don鈥檛 worry about searching for the escalators you will hear them first, since they have some major maintenance issues. I did notice the attractive atrium with a waterfall and lush plants on the lower level. I had an Ocean Deluxe room on the 24th floor, in the Diamond Head tower. The Elevators are quick, but requires some major maintenance. I found the room very comfortable, particularly the feather pillows, though would have felt that supplying coffee with the coffee maker in the room would have been a welcoming touch. The Hyatt does have Coffee 鈥減er Cup鈥?for the Coffee Maker, but you will need to pay $1.50 for packet and it鈥檚 located within the honor bar, however if you signup to be a Hyatt Gold Club Member, it鈥檚 free. I suggest you go downstairs to get a cup of coffee from the shop in the mall. One comment about the maid service, rooms seemed to be made up at random times, any time from 9am to after 1pm.Restaurants: They have several on site - Ciao Mein, the Colony, Terrace Grill, Musashi, and the Elegant Dive. I had dinner at Ciao Mein with it鈥檚 combination of Chinese and Italian dishes to choose from, it was good. Note: On selected nights Ciao Mein turns into a Night Club, check with the Bartenders or hotel for these nights. The breakfast setting at the Terrace Grill is most attractive, however the buffet breakfast lacked any sort of bread or toast apart from mini bagels, or on one occasion French toast. The Colony focuses on Steaks and Seafood and Musashi is Japanese. Note: If you take a walk outside of the Hotel, just behind the hotel is Kings Alley and they have all sorts of Fast Food places to choose from, for those who want something else to dine on.Valet Service: Make sure you call at least 10-15 minutes before you leave your room. In this way, when you get downstairs, your car is waiting for you.Other Amenities: Laundry Room is on the 4th floor, for those that want to wash things. Remember, this laundry room is used by all hotel guess from both towers. Also located on the 4th is a Doctors office 鈥?good thing to know and remember. Shops 鈥?They have all sorts of Shops located on the lower level of the hotel 鈥?Very Expensive. Overall I think the Hyatt needs to spend some $$$ on some major renovations and upgrades. The staff and the Aloha Spirit is always present, which made my trip enjoyable.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>060506
<Content>If price is right, great place to stay We stayed for four nights in June. We thought the location was great - right across the street from the beach with no buildings on the beach side of the street. We got a great deal on a package that included 3 nights for the price of 4 and a wonderful breakfast buffet for 2. (If you're a family, you have to pay for the kids. Buffet expensive if you pay - $12 for kids under 13 and $24 over but you can get breakfast off the menu cheaper). They provided a rollaway free of charge; you could get use of beach chairs and towels free of charge at the pool area. Pool very small but never crowded. It's in a great place for walking around Waikiki. Their parking garage is stressful to get in and out of and not cheap but is immediately across the side street and you can get valet parking, if you want to pay higher daily rate. The room was nice and bigger than many hotels. If I could get a similar rate, I'd definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very comfortable hotel We (husband and I) spent ten days at this hotel, having stayed there previously a number of times in the 1980's with our children. We were curious to see whether it had maintained the standards previously experienced. We found the room very comfortable, particularly the feather pillows (big tick for this), though would have felt that supplying coffee with the coffee maker in the room would have been a welcoming touch. The hotel setting is quite attractive with a central atrium with a waterfall and plants, little coffee and snack bar for impromptu snacks and coffee (not Hyatt's, just one of the shops in the atrium). The hotel is just across the road from the beach and also the trolley stop. We ate at the Ciao Mein Restaurant, food was very good here. One comment about the maid service, rooms seemed to be made up at random times, any time from 9am to after 1pm.The breakfast setting is most attractive, however the buffet breakfast lacked any sort of bread or toast apart from mini bagels, or on one occasion French toast. Overall we enjoyed our stay at this hotel, and would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Dano77
<Content>A Class Act, a great place to stay       Lobby  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveloahu
<Content>Very Nice Rooms -not so nice Lobby We really liked this hotel. The first impression can be deceiving, and quite frankly, we didnt like the reception/entrance in this hotel, it has an Old Vegas Hotel feel with Shopping Mall included -worn carpet, noisy electrical escalators and elevators, too many stores, and all- (and in the middle of Waikiki! how bad could that be!) ... BUT, once we got to our room it was a whole different story, the room was newly remodeled, the decor was very nice, Hawaiian style but not cheesy (kind of zen) and had a big nice marble sink outside the bathroom which is always convenient. Our room had a balcony with a city/mountain view which was very nice too. Ask for a quiet room, some can be noisy facing the main avenue or pool area.The pool is very very small, so if you plan to spend time in the pool and hotel grounds you might be better off trying the Hilton Hawaiian Village which has lots of pools and green manicured lawns. The only thing we enjoyed about this hotel's pool area, were the wooden rocking chairs that overlook Waikiki, MUCH NICER VIEW than the overrated rocking chairs in the Shearton Moana (which face the street!), plus the Hyatt has live hawaiian music in the evening, so its pleasant to look down at the action in Waikiki and rest for a moment there after returning your towels. There are 2 small jacuzzis around the pool too, (usually full)Buffet bkfast is ok, not great, so if you get it included in your nightly rate its worth it, if not try different places instead. (We heard great reviews about brunch at Orchids Restaurant in Kahala Mandrin Hotel, but didnt go since we got bkfst included at Hyatt)We didnt spend much time at the hotel, and when we did it was only in the room so for us it was perfect. Service from all the staff was excellent, very friendly and accomodating. Every time we needed extra towels they came in a matter of minutes and we got a free champagne bottle for our anniversary, which was very nice!!!Valet parking is an extra $19 per night ($15 self park), internet $10 for 24hrs connection, room safe $4, so add all this in to your bill.The hotel is not ON the beach, but you can cross the street and be in Waikiki in a second. The pool lends you beach towels and chairs which is a really nice perk. There are several ABC stores in the hotel to get water, snacks, etc so you dont spend money getting snacks from the fridge.If you can, splurge rent a convertible and drive around the island, there are some great, less touristy beaches on the East and North sides of the island and you can take your towels and go beach hopping. If you can pack a colapsable/flexible thermo case for your water and drinks, its very handy to take to the beach. You can fill it w/ice at the hotel.Hike up Diamond Head crater for great views of Waikiki, Honolulu, and the East Coast.Duke's at the Outrigger is overated, we went there one day and saw COCROACHES on the floor around our table several times, I know its the beach and its warm but its very yucky to see that when you are having dinner, in any case just go for a quick drink to check it out.So in summary: if you want a really nice room, in a good location and dont plan to spend too much time in the hotel/pool/etc then stay here,,,, if you are looking for a 'beach hotel' experience in Waikiki, then maybe try the Hilton Hawaiian Village.Have a great time!  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>wind006
<Content>Great service! Stayed just one night at the end of April. The service was very good. I used my mileage points and had a city view room reserved. We arrived around noon and they let us check in early, I asked for a view room and because one was available they gave it to me no add't. charge. Valet service was a little slow when busy but overall the hotel was very pleasant and the service was above average. The room was a little worn but clean and the beds comfortable. Would stay again for sure.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Canadianangel
<Content>We had a wonderful time! My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki from April 16-23. We arrived Sunday at noon so our room wasn't ready but the front desk kept our baggage and provided us with a pager. We then had lunch overlooking the ocean at the Elegant dive and relaxed with a cocktail while the room was being prepared. We were paged and went to check in. We had received a complimentary room upgrade to partial oceanview...the only downer was that all POV rooms have 2 doublebeds. Ah well, more cozier that way. The front desk felt bad and gave us a $50 credit to our room. The room was very elegant and well furnished. We actually had a handicapped unit and I think that gave us more room. The bathroom was huge! Overall the staff went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable and make us feel welcome. Everyone was so nice! Also we had complimentary breakfast buffet every morning which was quite tasty as well. We ate at their Japanese restaurant once...the food was good. We also ate at Ciao Mein where we had the best caesar salad, a great meal and great service. We were able to book all of our tours through the expedia desk which made things convenient. Any shopping needs were onsite or nearby. The pool was small but refreshing:it never felt overcrowded and loungers were always available. Watching Hawaiian performers while sitting in the raised hottubs overlooking Waikiki in the evening was the best. We loved our stay there!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>beanstock
<Content>Good for Waikiki The first night we got there, the hotel gave us a a room with separate beds. You can imagine we were not happy considering it was our honeymoon. The next day, they gave us another room with partial ocean view.The location is great if you want to stay in the Waikiki area. The beach is literally a few steps away. Some of the fast food places are nearby as well. However, Waikiki is very noisy and is a lot like Miami Beach. We stayed back in April 2005.The hotel is nice overall.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>agwailo
<Content>The Regency Floor is great.......that's about it I have been using Tripadvisor many times and now I can do my own review. We just returned from Hawaii where we stayed for 4 days.As another reviewer mentioned it is worth it to say on the regency floor. The folks there were very nice and helpful. The breakfast is a great way to start the day and in the evening the drinks are free flowing. ( did I mention it is all included in the price) The hotel itself is ok. I did book the Royal Hawaiian and also the Sheraton Moana Surfrider but cancelled because of different reviews. We droped by these hotels and I wish we had booked there. They have much more charm and activity by the pool and on the grounds. The Hyatt is attached to a mall if I can call it that and the pool is tiny. It is kind of sad. The fellow there told me they have allot of Japanese stay there and they are not big on drinks by the pool or the sun. I wonder why they go to Hawaii. (to each his own) The only saving grace ws the regency floor. I was there with my wife and 2 kids. We are not big party people but it is nice to people watch by the pool and perhaps strike up a conversation with others. It was plan to see that it would not happen at the Hyatt. The Royal or Shearton has that feel. I have stayed at the Hyatt Regency Grand Cypress in Orlando and it would put this place to shame. If you want a place to sleep and just head out from this is your place but if you want to see it all pick another place. It ws better than Toronto at that time of year ( ha ha )  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>im_taiko
<Content>Go for the regency club--worth extra $$$ My husband and I stayed here and the staff, amenities and hotel made it one of the best vacations we've ever taken. The service was attentive, the rooms and grounds breathtaking. What an amazing view of the ocean to wake up to every morning! Lastly, booking at the Regency Club level meant a room in the top 6 floors with ocean view as well as buffet breakfast every morning AND cocktails and happy hour snacks (like chicken wings, kalua pork, shrimp) every night!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AGentlRose
<Content>Disappointing Second Visit We stayed here in September, 2005, and I raved about this hotel. It had been such a great experience that we decided to go back again in January. What a disappointment on this trip. I booked EXACTLY the same room type (ocean view) and when we checked in, we were told that we were being upgraded (?) to a deluxe ocean view from our mountain view. I never booked a mountain view-- I live in Las Vegas and am surrounded by mountains, I don't need a mountain view on vacation, I want an ocean view. Anyway, this deluxe ocean view was only an ocean view IF you went on the lanai and hung your head to the left.Our view was of the Sheraton Moana Surfrider. To add insult to injury, we were only on the 5th floor and the band playing near the pool kept us awake until midnight. In addition, two days later, as we relaxed in the room watching TV, we heard bubbling noises coming from the bathroom. We went to check it out, and the toilet bowl was bubbling with water as if Moana Loa was beginning to erupt. We called maintenance and he said he believed it had to do with air in the plumbing system and called the front desk to change our room. Our room change to room on the ninth floor and was not much better, still overlookign the pool bar and its noise and our view of still of the Sheraton. The bathroom was a mess to say the least. The fixtures in the bathtub were actually coming out of the wall, however, I was not going through another room change. I cannot understand how this hotel has declined within the four months since we were there. We went to the Sheraton Moana on Saturday night for a beautiful 鈥淧romise Me Again鈥?ceremony. Here we were each gifted with fresh orchid lei, a beautiful marriage vow renewal ceremony and certificate. This was free of charge and we were not even guests of the Sheraton. Upon our check-in at the Hyatt, we were not even so much as offered a cold glass of water. Speaking of cold water, when we were on the fifth floor, the ice machine was out of order and anytime we needed ice, my husband had to take the elevator to an upper floor to get it. This is ridiculous when we are paying for a room at the Hyatt and not at the Holiday Inn. My husband told an employee that happened to be near the ice machine on the fifth floor and he said that they knew about it. The next day, I called housekeeping who had no idea of the problem was going to report it to the proper person.Except for the personnel at the Terrace Cafe and the housekeepers who cleaned our room in a very timely manner, we felt totally unwelcomed at this hotel.When we were there in September, we were up on the 22nd floor, and I believe that this made all the difference. So if you decide to stay at the Hyatt, make sure you request a room on a high floor.In the defense of the Hyatt, I must say that I wrote to the hotel manager as well as the CEO of the Hyatt Corporation and received an apology letter with two free nights, which we will use at the Hyatt in Maui in December. The first part of our vacation in Waikiki will be spent at the Sheraton Moana, a truly grand hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>like2travel006
<Content>Well Worth the $$$ I stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights this past February 2006 for business and was quite pleased. As with many high end hotels, you don't get the free continental breakfast, free high speed internet, or free parking but you do get clean rooms, great service, and lots of ammenities. The view from my 32nd balcony was great! I had a view of the ocean and the city. The beach was right across the street and the mainline trolly was right outside. I highly recommend this hotel for the distinguished traveler who has high standards. My hats off to the many workers at the hotel!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LuvToGo
<Content>Very pleased       Our room (photo taken toward the lanai)  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just alright! We stayed here for our honeymoon. We had an ocean view room but were very disappointed with the room itself. It seemed very outdated and wasn't really very clean. Definitely not worth the money paid, would have rather stayed at the Four Seasons. Room wasn't very appealing, would not stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>bestbet33
<Content>Worth the extra money!! My family and I stayed in the Hyatt Waikiki Resort in July 04' and loved it. It was definitely worth the extra money to be right in the middle of everything. Upon arriving we were disappointed that there was a twenty minute line to wait in to check in. Though once we got to the front we were greeted by a very friendly front desk employee that let us know that we could earn frequent flyer miles with out stay and that if we signed up for their free 'Passport' hotel point system we got free access to the gym. The room was okay sized and had a Hawaiian theme to it. The view was unbelievable. I definitely recommend the side view of the ocean rather than the rooms that directly face the water. From our balcony we could see the coast line for miles and down below we could see the daily free luau on the beach. I am not one of those people who like to sit on the front porch in the evening, though I can honestly say I sat on that balcony for hours a day and thoroughly enjoyed it. Do not even try the pool or Jacuzzi. They are tiny considering it is a 1,200 room hotel. They are also filled to the brim with screaming kids. Do yourself a favor and use the warm ocean across the street. I did however enjoy their gym (which as mentioned above was free with their point card). The gym did not have and weights and only had around ten machines though the gym was never busy. I especially liked their sauna. The only problem I found with the hotel was the price for parking ($10 a day). Every time you wanted to take our car out of the garage you have to wait in line at the front desk and pay an additional $10 to get a ticket to get out. Unfortunately, I did not find out till the day before I left you could go to their convention center lobby (just up the escalator near the garage elevators) and purchase the same ticket for just $3 from a machine. The other problem I saw was that there were prostitutes and drug dealers just across the street. Even though there is a police station across the street as well, this did not stop them. They only come out late and night and at no time did I ever feel unsafe.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best of Waikiki After reading some negative remarks about this hotel, particulary from someone who didn't even stay here, I decided to write a review myself instead of just reading them. We stayed here for four nights in September, had a room with a beautiful ocean front view, and from the balcony could even see Diamond Head. The staff was welcoming and friendly and enriching our first trip to the Islands, so much so that we are returning in two weeks. The Terrace Grill breakfast that was included in our package was more than we could ask for considering that it was free. The convenience of having two ABC stores in the hotel was great and we NEVER had any reason to fear for our safety. The experience we had at the Hyatt was a fantastic one and we cannot wait to return in two weeks.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No complaints here! My husband says that I am a hotel snob, so I hope that this review will be helpful for other snobs out there. My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt from 12/19 through 12/24 and thoroughly enjoyed our time there. We had a mountain view room in the Ewa tower on the 34th floor which gave us an excellent view of the city and surrounding mountains during the day and night. And, if I leaned over the balcony just a little bit, I could even see the ocean. Like previous reviews have said, we knew that the mini-bar would be a rip off so we brought a small portable cooler(it could collapse in our suitcase) with us, filled it with some ice, and went to the ABC store downstairs and bought water, juice, etc. to keep in the room.Our package came with daily buffet breakfast at the Terrace (which normally goes for $24/person). The buffet catered to various cultures, which provided an unique array of food for those who are daring. We were always greeted by friendly restaurant staff and the wait service was also excellent. They even obliged our requests to have our picture taken during breakfast. I would also suggest that folks check out the Hyatt spa. My husband, (initially) begrudgingly agreed to do a couples massage with me. Although expensive (but comparable to Hyatt spas elsewhere), he was thanking me afterward and it was definitely worth it.Yes, the pool is small. Yes, you will probably need to get there by 10am (11am at the latest) to get a nice spot, but it is decent and you can easily relax there. The Mai Tai and Blue Hawaii drinks are good and it was 80 degrees in December. I am not complaining.Overall, we had a great time and would recommend the Hyatt to everyone we know. We can't wait to go back!!Aloha!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was assaulted here A word of advise: Be careful while walking in this area, violent crime is not unknown in these parts. My wife and I were attacked by some drug crazed local on Kalakaua avenue right in front of the Hyatt hotel while the hotel security stood idly by and did not lift a finger. We took refuge inside one of the ground level stores and called 911 thinking that police would show up instantly seeing as there is a police station half a block down the street. Sadly, no, it took the police more than half an hour to come and when they came, the two officers begun making small talk with the store clerk, all the while the individual who attacked us was probably close by. Both officers appeared really clueless but managed to give me a case number and, after admitting that this kind of thing does happen, departed the store 鈥榠n search鈥?of the attacker. Never heard from them again and it鈥檚 been two months since  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great trip! When we arrived at the hotel, we were pleased with the beauty of the lobby and the close proximity to the beach. As it turned out, the hotel had overbooked and asked us if we wanted to give up our room for one night in return for for some cash and breakfasts and an upgrade from our city view to ocean front the rest of the week. We accepted the deal and ended up at the Sheraton on the beach across the street for our second night. Simple enough for us to pack a bag for one night. This allowed us to realize just how nice the Hyatt was. We couldn't wait to get back. The service at the Sheraton paled in comparison to the Hyatt. People just went out of their way to make sure we enjoyed our stay at the Hyatt. People at the Sheraton didn't give a damn. From the bellhops to the maids to the front desk managers, everyone was awesome at the Hyatt. I will try my best to stay there again if I stay in Honolulu.Breakfast at the Terrace was so nice every morning with good food ang a great view. The pool was small but the kids loved it. The nachos were not too good but the drinks were OK.The location is awesome. My son and I loved walking at night watching the street performers and shoppping at the international market. Everthing you could imagine is walking distance. We drove our convertible (definately recommended for the views) all over the island.What a great trip. Thanks Hyatt.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel and Location...very happy Honeymooners I came on here quite few times to read reviews and some made me very nervous. My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt from Oct 23-26 for the first part of our honeymoon and we were very happy. The Hyatt is extremely beautiful and the location of the hotel is great. Yes its busy but this is Waikiki and there are TONS of tourists around. The valet and the front desk staff were beyond attentive and extremely polite and sweet. Our room was gorgeous. We stayed in the Ewa tower and the room wasn't huge but it wasn't as small as I expected. We had a partial ocean view on the 34th floor but it might as well have been ocean front. Our balcony view was of Waikiki beach, and Part of Diamond head, we saw the Diamond tower as well but that is to be expected in Waikiki since there are so many high rise hotels. The staff were all courteous and everyone always greeted us with a smile and an aloha. They delivered champagne to our room the first night and we ate at Colony the first night as well were they put us at a great table and gave us free dessert. There is great music at the bar by the pool and the stores inside are great and reasonably priced. Yes the pool isn't huge but it was never crowded and they give towels and beach chairs to use on the beach. The only thing we weren't thrilled with was the buffet breakfast included in our package. The food was good but there wasn't a huge array. All in all we were very happy with the Hyatt and would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>5star hotel at 4star prices my wife and I just returned after spending 8 days at the Hyatt.The room on the 22nd floor was spacious and extremely clean. the ocean view was awesome. The staff was courteous and professional. The pool is small but quite inviting. The pool area has plenty of chairs with shade. We sat on the beach every other day and were provided with beach chairs and towels at no extra charge. You can spend a lot more money across the street for a smaller room with an indifferent staff. If this hotel is good enough for Perillo tours than its good enough for my family.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>avillebud
<Content>Average Hotel Great Location if you like Crowds I was in Honolulu on business and the stay here was average. The best thing about the hotel is the sushi bar. GREAT sushi and the sushi chef is really friendly. The gym at this location is one sorry excuse for a gym. They do allow you to go to the 24 hour fitness a block away but there is a nominal fee. If you like crowds and you are looking for a beach... its great. The beach in front of the hotel is packed after 7:30 am and remains packed until sunset. If you walk down the beach four or five blocks... you can find empty areas of sand where the locals hang out. I dont think I would stay here if I were paying for a hotel myself, I just dont care for large crowds at a beach. The parking garage is crazy... VERY crowded and it is hard to get in and out of the garage. The room was average. The staff... not so friendly... they need a bit of the aloha spirit injected into them.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Barbian
<Content>Good but not great Just returned from spending 8 nights here at the Hyatt. I visit Honolulu at least once a year and normally stay at less expensive hotels. This time I decided to go on the spur of the moment and the Hyatt was the only hotel available. I chose a deluxe oceanfront room since I was splurging this time. I really expected something spectacular. The room on the 35th floor was nice and very clean but small---especially the bathroom. The view was incredible. DEFINITELY beware of hidden charges. Most of the cheapie hotels I stay in over there have a microwave, fridge, coffeemaker, etc. In-room coffee cost $1.50 for ONE CUP. We paid $12 to rent a fridge. THe staff was wonderful throughout the hotel. The food was good. We ate breakfast every morning at the Terrace Grill.The worst thing about the hotel is the ridiculous size of the pool. It really is about the size of a really nice home pool. For a hotel as large as the Hyatt, this is a mystery. The chairs are very comfy and the pool service is wonderful, but by 10 AM the pool is full of squealing children.The huge waterfall is gorgeous, but it is almost impossible to find somewhere to sit to enjoy the view. We finally found a few padded chairs. Most of the lobby furniture is extremely uncomfortable. I would stay here again, but if I wanted to go upscale or high moderate, I would definitely prefer the Sheraton or the Royal. In fact, as far as pool and amenities go, I even prefer the Outrigger Reef!!!!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2005
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chentine
<Content>Hyatt Waikiki       View from Regency Club  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>neversummer
<Content>Good Hotel...very average but ok.       view from our room...city view  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>glanwin
<Content>Nothing Unusual! View is great and location is convenient. If you like city life, this is the hotel for you.Otherwise, I do not see this hotel any special at all. This is the old breed of hotel. The guest room and bathroom are small. Actually, they are really small. The location is very noisy even we stayed at high floor. It is not just the street noise. You can hear the wind whistle all the time. Police station is across the street so you might feel safe but the siren can be heard all night. I guess it is common among the hotels in Waikiki area.Watch out all the hidden charges. Even using the coffee machine is chargeable. Parking is tough to find at hotel garage. Again, you have to be very good driver in order to drive inside the garage because the drive way is so narrow. You might have to use valet parking sometimes because you can not find a parking spot inside the garage. By the way, the amount of daily parking fee is depended on how you book this hotel. You might want to discuss this fee with your travel agent if you decide to stay at this hotel. The range can be from free to $15 a day. I paid maximum $15 a day because I bought a vacation package from Expedia.Swimming pool is small and crowded. Beach is only across the street. However, the beach is pretty popular, also. Spa and fitness center are really good. Again, the fitness center are not free, either and it is kind of new to me. I have stayed at so many Starwood and Marriott resorts. It is the first time that I have to pay daily fee to use the fitness center. Luckily, they do not charge you for using the pool.We smelled cigarette smoke in our room one day even though we stayed at smoke-free floor. It seemed that management at Hyatt did not care at all after we complained it to the front desk. Anyway, it is our first time staying at Hyatt. Maybe we should stick to Starwood hotels which are nearby and look better.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect! Perfect! Perfect! This is THE place to stay! We were here for 7 nights before going on to Kauai. Absolutley the right place to be. So many of the hotels are away from the beach even though they say they are close. If you like the nightlife and the people watching this hotel is centrally located on the main drag. We loved eating beakfast in the open air cafe. So many things to do and see all within walking distance. All the staff were extremely friendly and helpful. The view from our room was awesome! Can't say enough...Perfect!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hyatt Regency great location great hotel! Just spent 4 nights at the hotel, got a fantastic room with an ocean view.Location is across the road to the main beach, heaps of shops everywhere.Staff friendly and helpful as well as porters! Ciao Mein restaurant world class. Swimming pool small but service excellent around pool, but beach is best anyways! Will be always staying there when we go back to hawaii!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucky1980
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We just returned from 5 nights at the Hyatt. It was really beautiful and very clean. Everything is expensive but we expected that. We had no problems at all with this property.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Oregon Shelly
<Content>Enjoyed our time at the Hyatt This was our first trip to Hawaii and we were very happy with our stay at the Hyatt! The location can't be beat -- right in the heart of Waikiki! We stayed in the newly renovated Ewa Tower and had no problems with our room. The maid service was great -- our room was always cleaned by the time we returned from our day every afternoon and it always smelled wonderful -- like flowers! Our package included free parking and breakfast everyday, which was nice since Hawaii is already expensive enough. Eating breakfast outside every morning at the Terrace Grill was such a nice start to our day. The pool is definitely a little small, but we didn't hang out there much anyways. The many ABC stores inside the hotel were very convenient for snacks, sunscreen, etc.The front desk staff were very courteous and helpful. I would highly recommend staying at this hotel.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>andreasd
<Content>Can't wait to go back! My wife and I recently stayed at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki Resort  Spa for a 4 nights and have to say that our stay was excellent. The hotel is in an ideal, central location and rooms are spacious and comfortably appointed. The pool is a little small but adequate. We found the staff helpful, corteous and professional at all times. My wife tends to be pretty big on personal presentation and was impressed, even making note of the fact that female staff were profesionally attired in regulation pantyhose, something fairly uncommon at resort style hotels. On another occasion we needed some advice on tours, restaurants and neighbouring islands and everyone we dealt with went out of their way to assist us. We will definitely stay at the this hotel on our next visit to Oahu.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>6723Dennis
<Content>Far below the usual Hyatt standards We stayed at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki March 14 to March 19 2005. The location was perfect and the ocean view amazing. Our room was spacious but needed urgent renovation, whereas the bathroom was too small and dark. The quality of breakfast was low, as compared to usual Hyatt standards. We had problems with getting ou room cleaned and there was a lot of noise at night. D.Tsambaos  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>by350
<Content>Great experience Location was perfect, directly across the street from the Waikiki Beach Center. Our room was on the 40th floor with a mountain view. Room was very large and very clean. Service was excellent and everyone seemed to really cater to us. Ate at Ciao Mein and the Terrace Grill. Both were very good, yet pricey. Pool is quite small, but the cocktail waitress and pool attendants provide exceptional service! Overall, a very nice 6 night stay!  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Views My boyfriend and I recently stayed at the Hyatt and it was wonderful!!! The rooms were spacious and clean. The staff was very accomodating by checking us in two hours earlier than the standard 4pm. We were even able to upgrade to an ocean view. Our money was well spent. ***Hint*** If at all possible use your AAA discount to get free breakfast at the hotel's restaurant and free valet parking if your stay is 4 days plus.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hyatt Regency Waikiki was a super choice!! We stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki April 4 thru April 12th. After debating which hotel to stay we were delighted to have made the correct choice of the Hyatt. Extremely clean hotel and very pleasant, efficient and helpful staff throughout our stay. We had the special which included the buffet breakfast for two every morning at the Terrace Grill. Great selection and always hot and fresh. Lovely seating outside and all staff eager to wait on us and refill our drinks. Location, location, location!! Could not be a better location than Hyatt Waikiki. Directly across from Dukes status and a very short walk to ocean and sand! The police station right across the street was comforting too. The Elegant Dive for late afternoon cocktails and evening entertainment was fun. Paz and Jody our bar waitresses really paid attention to all the Elegant Dive guests and always added fresh fruit and orchids to our drinks. Too fun!! Lots of personality from the Elegant Dive staff. The hotel even provides beach chairs and towels to take across to the beach. Tammy(pool attendant) was very helpful and offered many services to us. The valet parking was very efficient and complimentary if you stayed at least three nights(no problem). Lots of shopping right on Waikiki and good maps and directions given by all staff. Kelly checked us in very efficiently and even remembered us several days later when she saw us at front desk. Hotel has a late check out for $50.00 additional which was perfect as our flight did not leave HNL until 1000 p.m. so we could enjoy beach, pool and sun all prior to our plane departing for home. The maid service excellent and always fresh and clean. She even straightened our shoes every day!! No question, we will stay at Hyatt Regency Waikiki when we return to the island of Oahu. Thanks again all of the staff at Hyatt!!  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>poshflash
<Content>Hyatt Waikiki - waste of money We stayed at Hyatt Waikiki in Late August 2004 for our honeymoon (just found out about this website yesterday). The hotel decor is ok, location is good across the street from the beach and close to shopping and restuarants. Other than that the hotel was terrible. The pool was exteremly small and not at all what was pictured in the brochure (brochure pictures the spa, which is expensive, buyer beware) It was overrun by rude, Japanese tourists, breakfast was the same day after day and was geared more to the Japanese tourist than the average american tourist. Our oceanfront room was terrible. The ocean view was obstructed by palm trees and the band from the patio could be heard loud and clear at all hours even though our door was shut The walls in our bathroom shook every morning at 5am, but no one could tell us why. We requested the tower with no construction and were put on the 5th Flr. The towels has stains on them everyday and one night I found blood on our bedsheets!!!! I called to front desk to have them changed and it took them over 30 min to come to room with clean sheets, when they arrived they brought 1 sheet, not the whole bedding as I had requested. The day we were to check out, bell hop entered our room without permission, even though there was a do not disturb sign on the door and took our luggage and placed it outside on the curb. Our luggage was wide open and not sealed with $$ on top sitting on the curb on waikiki beach waiting to be picked up. I ran to the front desk and demanded to see a manager while my husband hunted down our luggage. No one seemed to care that our room was entered (A SERIOUS security/personal safety concern!) and the manager was busy. I waited over 25min to get a manager and he could of cared less. He atitude was so go find it yourself its outside. He offered absolutely no apoligy and did not care, the hotel staff did not care either. Needless to say a teriible experience overall, not a good way to start a marriage after you have flown for 13+ hours. There are tons of hotel on the Waikiki strip, do yourself a favor and find a different hotel!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, great, wonderful stay!!!!! Two of my friends and I stayed at the Hyatt from 2/10-2/18 2005 and we loved our stay. The hotel is pretty big so we got a little lost a few times, but its not hard to learn your way around. I loved the waterfall and all the shopping. My birthday was on the 12th so we went to Kelly Slaters birthday party!!!! That was being held at the Hyatt on the same floor as the pool/bar. It was soo fun! The breakfast there was pretty good and other restaraunts weren't far. Our room had an ocean view that was to die for. We spent a lot of time on the balcany. It was also clean and the service was pretty good. I would love to stay at the Hyatt the next time I visit Hawaii.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>plem21
<Content>Had a wonderful time! We stayed at the HR Waikiki from March 19th through the 25th, in a Regency Club Ocean View room. All I can say is that it was wonderful. The room was very clean, but we never saw a maid. A previous reviewer made the comment on the smell of the rooms. This is true, the room smells like fresh flowers every time you walk in. The only restaurant we ate at was the Terrace Grille, and it was great. The prices were not that high, and the food quality was good. I cannot say enough about the staff at this hotel. Anything we asked for, we received. We even called down at 10:30 one night wanting beach towels for an early outing the next day, and had the towels to our room within 5 minutes. The staff in the spa was very polite and professional. The valet was very fast, even though they were swamped all the time. The hotel even waived our valet fee at the end of the week. I didn't even have to ask. Again, I cannot say enough good things about this hotel, and the staff that works there. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time!       The beach directly across from the hotel  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT LOCATION I stayed March 9 - 14 2005...the hotel is very nice. If I had any complaints, it would be, the pool was always cold, and I had to call every time for more towels. Of course with 4 women in a room, we were always out of towels. It was quite confusing getting around with 4 entrances into the hotel, but overall, it was great. I did the spa, and had a seaweed wrap....it was great...98.00 but my sister paid for it for my birthday gift.There is a pub crawl that starts at the Dawg House bar in the international market center. It is 50.00, they do 5 bars but only one drink per bar is included. They shuttle you around, and it is a good time, I have done it 3 times over the years, and they always have 60-80 people on this crawl every time. They only do it on certian days, so check it out. The things to do there that is a must is, Pearl Harbor, hiking Diamond Head, Snorklin, and shopping......have a great stay  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ahh...a match made in heaven... It has been one year since we visited the hotel for our honeymoon, and on our one year anniversay, after popping open the bottle of complementary champagne they gave us one year earlier, we promised each other to get back as soon as we can...if you are looking for romance, you got it here. If you are looking for fun, this hotel is in the middle of it all (which means MILDLY busy until 10: if noise is an issue, move up to higher floors...but isn't the activity why you want to be in Waikiki?). If you are looking for convenience, this hotel sits across the street...let me repeat that, across the street from one of the most beautiful beaches in the world. Highlights from the hotel: great service for such a huge facility: all requests were quickly handled. The food on site is awesome (albeit a little pricey...worth the money for a 7 layer cheesecake though)...the pool isn't huge, but news flash, the pacific ocean is. Every morning we woke up we went to our balcony and looked out onto the ocean. Where there was a concentration of boats we would focus our attention and from our room could make out the leaping of whales. Hmm...need I say more? If you are traveling to the most beautiful place on Earth, don't go cheap and stay in a room that is damp and smelly like we hear from so many others on this web site: spend a little bit more and enjoy delicious breakfast inside or on the outside deck among singing birds and soothing waterfalls! And if you need any more reason to go here...look at the pictures and realize that our personal pics are almost exactly the same: I'm no professional. Rub your eyes, it really is that beautiful!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An Average Experience, but one big plus!! I must admit, I was a tad disappointed once I opened the door to my room; expecially after walking through an INCREDIABLE and MYSTICAL lobby. The rooms were VERY average. I was very disappointed in the bathroom as it was small and the tile was old and worn; but hey it's a bathroom :) I agree with other reviews in that you could still smell that stale, old smoke smell w/in the rooms. Not too mention, I was in the tower that was already remodeled. Be prepared to pay and pay A LOT for everything too. The mini-bar is a rip-off ($4.50 for water) and you have to pay for paper thin slippers. Hey, the prices provided me worth a chuckle, so I guess it was worth it even though I didn't dare open the mini-bar.The location was great and the room view amazing as it was a deluxe ocean front. The hotel is close to everything, which makes it very convenient.The big plus was the hotel allowed us to use a hospitalily room for an hour to shower and prepare for our flight home. Check out was 12:00pm and our flight was not until midnight. When I explained this, the staff was more then willing to let us come back, shower, change clothes etc. A nice added touch considering we had a 14 hr flight to Rhode Island ahead of us. At past 4/5 star hotelsl in Hawaii, I was forwarded the opportunity to pay for an extra night or shower by pool if needed (in bathing suit of course). Thus, I found this offer by Hyatt quite advantageous.Oh and one other thing Americans should note. You WILL BE a minority in this hotel. The hotel caters to the Japanese. Thus, if you are looking to stay where many Americans are, this is not the place.Hope you enjoy your stay in Hawaii. Remember to just take time to sit and smell the air....it is amazing! Aloha!!!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its A Very Nice Place To Stay MY Husband and I stayed at the hayatt regency on wakiki beach well it was simply wonderful there from the food to the health spa's the service was excellent too also just one block away from the international market to shop at and directly across the street from the beach we were there when they had an zanbar barbaque and there were so many vendors selling foods of all kinds salads etc very good in fact lovely show was put on by the hawaiian children as well as music from the adults also while you are there try to go to a hawaiian loooul all the food you want is there too expensive but worth every penny there were lots of people there out every night shopping and all was very nice to see take plenty of money and shop till you drop eat all you can and have a wonderful time as we did and i advise anyone going there to atay at the hayatt regency hotel it will be a wonderful stay there.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reservations, beware Wanted this to be a trip of a lifetime. Thinking a 5 star hotel of the Hyatt reputation would be perfect. Booked a room the first week of October for a weeks stay the second week of february. Through American Airlines sunshine on sale. Arrived at 6 PM only to be told they were overbooked. Wanted to move us for 2 days to another hotel. After some discussion we were allowed to stay that night. Moved to another hotelthe next day and then back again the day after. They offered a meal at the Colony Restaurant (very good) and $100 cash. On the second check in,people in line said they only booked a couple of weeks ahead. Front deskmanager would offer no explaination on how we were kicked out, only the overbooking excuse. Wasted time transfering between hotels and packing and repacking that took away from any activity. Would look elswere beforeconsidering the Hyatt  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Delight We stayed at the Hyatt for our Honeymoon in Sept. of 2004. We were very impressed with the service and the atmosphere! It was very clean, and inviting. For us the mall in the hotel was very neat. It was part of the hotel but did NOT put out noise. You still had the nice nights of sleep. We had a room that overlooked the ocean and WOW was it gorgeous. The tv does not face the bed which we weren't fond of since we watch tv before bed. However, wasn't a big deal. The pool is an average size maybe more smaller than average. You had to get there kinda early to get a chair in most cases. The service down by the pool was GREAT! Plus, if you didn't get a chair the ocean is right across the street! We got a chair almost every day we were there and didn't have much of a problem. The beds were very comfortable. The housekeeping service was WONDRERFUL. They did not bother you but yet you had a clean room and fresh towels all the time! We were very impressed. We would stay there again for sure! Made for a great honeymoon. Our favorite was to sit on the balcony especially in the mornings and see the view and relax. We also liked the pool! Just know where your tower is. We ended up in the wrong one a time or two! No biggy, the time overall was great! You felt like you were a part of everything but yet had your peace. Very nice hotel. Above average!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the nicest hotels in Waikiki The Hyatt Regency was the very first hotel that I stayed in during my stay in Waikiki. I really loved the atmosphere that the hotel had and the rooms were spacious and every room had a beautiful view (as told by other hotel guests). I was lucky enough to of had a half ocean view and half city view which was amazing to watch when the sun was coming up and setting. There were a few things that I wish I didn't have to go through. For one you really need to know where you are going in order to find where you need to go (really confusing I know, but that is my point). You know in the movies where the hotel clerk gives directions to the elevators and you are in total amazment that a person can talk that fast and not get confused? Well that part of a movie occurs here. You need to know where your elevators are in order to find them, so don't get turned around cause you will end up in the other elevator to the other tower. (That happened to me and I knocked on the door in the wrong tower!). I ate breakfast in the restaraunt and it was delicious, but a little pricy. The hotel itslef is basically a mall so be prepared to walk at least a half a mile out of the hotel to get to the beach across the street! (Which is a major plus!). But overall out of the three times I have been to Waikiki, I always stop at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki and think back on the days when I was so exicted to be in Hawaii that everything was beautiful. So enjoy your stay in Oahu and I highly recommend Lanikai Beach, ask your travel agent for a map there. It is so beautiful but you need to know where to go. This is the beach where the swimsuit models go to get the pictures taken, so it is the best kept secret in Oahu, so don't spread it around to the annoying tourists! HAVE FUN!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>savvytravelagent
<Content>No Hyatt Touch Small Pool Heart of Congestion Hello if you are headed here you are headed to the only Waikiki hotel this end with two jacuzzis! Now don;t run over from Starwood acroos the street or they will run you away! The pool however is no bigger than a standard pool table at your favorite arcade! Speaking of fun get ready to play the same games you do with the local supermarket in their Gold Passport program! See they give you a three page folio for a Three day stay with all these extra charges for in room coffee @$1.38 USD per cup! and a $20.00 breakfast buffet per person and a 3.50 safe charge and on and on. Don;t expect a concierge or knowledgeable staff they have retreated to the Expedia Fun! desk now if you are internet savvy you can save on activities by going to expedia.com but there is no one but Tommy at the desk that can explain the activities in detail to you. The staff looks to economize and take short cuts when ever possible. There is NO private beach! The fitness center is at a charge unless it is waived with Gold Passport membership and like Safeway supermarket you saved a whooping XXXX. Wow!I suggest using those Gold Passport points on Kauai not here. The carpet in the Diamond Head Tower headed for an April renovation is in shabbles and the rooms feature televisions that DONOT EVEN FACE THE BED! The shops are over priced as for the health spa make and keep an exact appointment. This is not a business hotel! Try the Marriott down the street. Oh for internet access there are a limited 6 slots available for the wireless service if you sit directly in front of the coffee shop! The wireless anywhere else does not work and truely does not exist, less than 100 rooms in the hotel (the twin towers!) have high speed internet. Now for the High twin towers -- yep as the wind rips thru each evening your balcony door on floors 10 and higher will shake rattle and roll and then the sirens start the police station is across the street. This hotel was the killer for my Hyatt Touch -- I have moved on to Hilton Hawaiian Village, Marriott and Outrigger! It is not a RESORT! It has lost it's touch and Hyatt has lost my favor!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>spent 10 days at the hyatt regency waikiki spent 1/23 05 to /3/05 at thehyatt regency waikiki. joined the regency club so i was on the 38th floor overlooking waikiki beach and got free buffet breakfast just about everything shopping beach restaurants was in walking distance. and if it wasn't spoke to the people in the regency club lounge and they had a limo drop us off and pick us up at no charge. this was without a doubt the best vacation e've ever had and can't wait to go back next year.the testeraunts in the hotel were good but not great  
<Date>Feb 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>Very Very Surprised I go to Honolulu at least once a year on business and had had almost all bad hotel experiences. So I took a gamble on the Hyatt. Loved it. I found the room to be very nicely appointed. Great views. The beach is fine. If I'm going to lay on the sand, I'll go to the north or west shores. But, there is plenty to walk to in terms of food. Which, on business, by myself, was important. In fact, at sidewalk level there was a great sushi place. I got a roll and coffee for breakfast at the coffee place on the main level and that was fine. The pool? Exceptional. Above the fray and the teaming masses of humantity across the street. Loved the pool. Staff was exceptional. Would stay here in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>truly pleasant experience I brought my family to the Honolulu Marathon and stayed at the Hyatt for a week (Dec 9 thru 16). My training organization booked the Hyatt and that is why we stayed at this hotel. Perhaps if we went to Honolulu on our own, we would not have chosen this particular hotel, but it was an extremely pleasant experience. The lobby is incredible, but the rooms are nothing to write home about. We stayed in the Ewa Tower, which I was told had been recently rennovated, but it still seemed run-down. You could tell that, although it was a non-smoking room, there had definitely been smokers in there (a lot of them)! All of Honolulu is insanely expensive, and the hotel is no exception, but there are three ABC stores in the hotel itself where you can stock up on certain things so that you are not tempted to break into the mini bar. However, I was charged for things being removed which I had never taken (twice it happened)-- all that I had to do was call the guest services and the charges were promptly removed, but don't forget to check your room charges to see if you have any billings. Definitely us the valet parking. At $15/day, it is only $3 more than self-parking and they will take care of the headaches for you -- parking is a nightmare in Honolulu. Of course it ends up to be more than that with tipping, but they will have your car ready and waiting within minutes of your call.The hotel (as well as the rest of Honolulu) is CRAZY-busy right before the marathon, so unless you are in town for the event itself, you might want to book around it. I found the staff extremely willing to help in any way that they could and just really friendly. I think that, within their price range, the Hyatt is a pleasant hotel with an excellent staff and commitment to guest services.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SofieRenee
<Content>THE HYATT WAS FANTASTIC!! This Hotel was not only fabulous, but had many ameneties that my husband and I look for in hotels. We only pack carry-on bags...so, a laundry room is a must! The Hyatt offers this and many more ameneties. I would HIGHLY recommend it. Oh, and we are going back there, again, next year!!!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Regency Club helps The restaurants are nothing to brag about -- the location is fine (as good as anything in Waikiki) -- the Regency Club room was quite comfortable (though the A/C was a bit difficult to regulate) -- and the food/drink perks on the Regency Club floor were well worth the small $$ upgrade.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sandiegotraveler
<Content>Okay place... Stay in the Ewa Tower Pretty Nice hotel. You must request the Ewa tower when you check in. Our friends got put in the Diamond Head tower that has not been remodeled yet and had cheesy hawaiian bedspreads and smelled like mold. Also, for a while there, I was sure that I was visiting Japan. My advice... go the N. Shore where the Americans are or stay in Maui.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>honeymoon in hawaii, ohau We spend 8 days in ohau, pulled up to the hotel, they took our bags to the room and they parked the jeep. front desk is very friendly, helpful, and fast. Rooms are nice and very clean, needs new carpet. they are doing a remodeling soon, and that is good. breakfast buffet is good, fast seating, friendly people. tour desk at hotel is very friendly and helpful. we were on the 17 floor, could hear the cars and people on the road. but that is expected when you are on the strip in the city. great ocean view from the room. you have to pay for coffee in your room, my suggestion is to get the breakfast buffet every moring as part of your package and then you can have coffee and juice. plenty of shops at hotel. ABC store are good for your drinks and food. had a great time, would do it again!  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Greast stay at the Hyatt We just returned from a week at the Hyatt. It was fabulous. I think it is the greatest location on the beach with a fabulous ocean front view. The staff was very friendly. The beach is just across the street and is great for surfing, body surfing, floating, just sitting on the beach and people watching. At night it is very pretty with torches lit all along the beach. It is a very friendly, relaxed atmosphere. It is expensive though. If I could go back I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing and below Hyatt's standards My family and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki for 7 nights from Aug 6-13. Even though the location of this hotel is perfect-across from the beach and Duke's statue, we were disappointed because the rooms were sub-standard. The bathrooms were dingy and dirty. The rooms were decorated with cheap and out-datted furniture. The cleaning lady even forgot to come by during the middle of our stay. We were charged for items from the mini-bar even though we did not take them. This is an over-priced hotel that provides mediocre services and immenities. We had booked a vacation package with Expedia so we were unable to change to another hotel. Next time, we will definitely stay somewhere else ie, the Halekulani.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't ask for more!!!! We stayed at the Hyatt for the last 5 days of our honeymoon. The staff was great, room was spacious and comfortable, the bathroom was great, nice closet, nice colors and furniture. Great pool/bar area. Right across the street from the beach. If I go to Waikiki again I would definately stay here.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bay_Area_Traveler62
<Content>Nice Hotel, But $$$ I just returned from a one week stay at the Hyatt Regency Waikiki. It is located right on the strip, across the street from the beach. It is a busy, bustling location, right in the middle of all the action. You can walk to many shops and restaurants with ease. We were in a newly remodeled room which was very nice. The granite bathroom countertop is lovely, as are the new curtains, rug and furnishings (kind of a Tommy Bahama-Ethan Allen feel). Extras are not included. Slippers are $4, a cup of single brew coffee is $1.50 (and not very good!) and the safe is $3 per day. The honor bar is costly. We had a refrigerator sent up to store our own drinks and water (yes, there was a charge for that too). The pool is nice, but very small for a hotel this size. It is usually packed, with no lounge chairs available (unless you go early or late). Many tourists were trying to use large rafts and beach balls in the pool, which we found amusing. Since the beach is across the street, perhaps the hotel felt only a small pool was necessary. There are nice wooden rocking chairs by the pool, that face Waikiki beach. It's nice to just sit in the chairs and people watch. You can see the surfers, the waves...very nice. There are also two hot tubs located next to the pool. The service was great - wonderful staff, helpful and professional. My only gripe is the nickel and diming where ammenities are concerned. Like other hotels in Hawaii, there is the feeling that this one certainly caters to the Japanese. I am Asian American, and was mistakenly spoken to in Japanese a few times (understandable, yet somewhat annoying). The breakfast buffet is mediocre, so if you are craving a yummy buffet in the morning, this one isn't it. All in all a beautiful hotel that is clean, offers great service and views, has wonderful shops (lots of stores) and is located right in the heart of town. Rooms were quiet at night. Waiting for the elevator can be time consuming, but overall, a nice place. The waterfall they have is especially pretty.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frbill92
<Content>The gem of Waikiki In July I had my 5th stay at the Hyatt on Waikiki. Once again, I was not disappointed by the location or my room. The hotel is centrally located across the street from one of the best beaches in Waikiki. The beach provides one of the best beach experiences in Hawaii. The gentle surf combined with the spectacular view of Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head makes for the ideal experience of Hawaii. The hotel provides all the shopping and services a person needs to have an enjoyable stay. I love the pool area and the large rocking chairs that overlook the beach and pool. The area surrounding the Hyatt has become a bit seedier in the last few years--it felt a little less safe than in the past. The hotel does cater to the Japanese visitor, and I felt, as an American tourist like I was the foreigner. There is a charge for everything in the room--from the use of the wall safe ($3) to the in-room coffee. When you take it out of the refrigerator you are chared $1.50 for a single brew cup. Despite these nickle and dime charges for everything, my stay was enjoyable as usual and I would recommend it--to those with the cash to pay!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel great location I stayed at the Hyatt for 4 nights and my husband and i enjoyed the stay very much room was nice we had a beautiful view and the employees were all very nice!! Will definetly stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>writerguyfl
<Content>Great Location Yes, the rooms we saw were a little worn, but the location can't be beat. As mentioned, the resort will be upgrading all of the rooms. After the upgrade, I think this will be one of the best upscale properties in Waikiki. We paid for a Mountain view and ended up on the 34th floor. However, many Mountain and City view rooms are next to the elevators. We could hear the elevator from the room so we asked to be moved right away. The Front Desk was accomodating and switched us to a better room on the 25th floor. The edges of the carpet in both rooms were frayed and the bathrooms are not opulent, but the location can't be beat. We dined at Terrace Grille for lunch. (Not great.) Also Caio Mein for dinner. (Weird concept: Chinese and Italian menu.) Having a block long mall as part of the hotel was great. There were many Japanese tourists in the hotel, but I liked the more international flavor they brought. I'd stay at the Hyatt again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Japan or U.S.A. ? Stayed at the Hyatt Waikiki in Honolulu in May. Beautiful hotel, friendly staff and fantastic vieuw from the 33rd floor on Waikiki Beach and Diamond Head. Just one small remark: hotel, and for that matter Honolulu, seems to be taken over by the Japanese.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DukeFuji
<Content>Would stay at Hyatt again. We stayed there a few weeks ago. Yes, the rooms need some serious upgrading. Yes, the breakfast buffet could use some improvement. However, the staff was EXTREMELY helpful and very friendly to my family and in-laws. We would stay there again.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lsjaeger
<Content>Not up to Hyatt standards I have stayed at the Hyatt Regency in Waikiki many times over the years and have always felt that the facility itself is fantastic and a great location, however, the guest hallways and rooms are not up to Hyatt standards.I just completed another stay from 5/15 - 5/18 and the rooms are definitely in need of refurbishing. The good news is that they've announced a $14,000,000 refurbishment program. I used Hyatt Gold Passport points to upgrade to a Regency Club room and didn't think the points were worth it. The hallways are more nicely decorated (all the other floors should look like that) and there was not much difference in the room itself....just some marble around the sink area. The breakfast offerings in the Regency Club were fairly basic (cold cereals, fruit, bread, hard boiled eggs, coffee, etc.) not up to what you would expect at resort/non-mainland clubs.Room service was prompt, however, service was spotty: one morning breakfast served without a table cloth and lacking ice water.The staff are very friendly and extremely helpful. Hopefully, after a $14,000,000 renovation, the facility itself will match the staff's excellence.  
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great view from the 33rd floor We stayed on the 33rd floor and had an incredible view of Waikiki. The rooms are a little outdated. The furniture a little old. But we were hardly in our rooms anyway. Avoid the breakfast buffet! We had it included in our package and had to end up going elsewhere for breakfast every morning. The buffet had sausage, bacon, hard boiled eggs, miso soup, some fruit and small boxes of cereal. For 20/person this seems like a rip off. There's no toast, no bagels, no pancakes, no omlets. Which is what we eat for breakfast.  
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wisconsinfamily
<Content>Great Experience We stayed at the Hyatt for 10 nights this April. It was perfect. After reading other reviews I was concerned I would be in for a disappointment, but I truly kept my mind open, and was surprised as well as WOW'd. We have stayed at Hyatt's before, and know that the Regency Club level is a good fit for our family.(with all the snacks, drinks, etc) We stayed in the Diamond Head tower with ocean views of Waikiki, absolutely the best. The service was amazing. Mark, the concierge in our lounge made our trip complete. He made many arrangements, provided many suggestions and in such a wonderful and friendly way. We felt very comforted by this. Our room was always clean, fresh towels twice/day. The room size as well was larger than a typical hotel room which made it feel less cramped with a family of four. Our lanai was a very nice size with table and chairs. We never saw a maid or carts in the hallway. The size of this hotel is amazing, but we never felt crowded. Resturants great, the Japanese resturant(Musashi) was the kids favorite due to the chef preparing food at table and doing magic tricks. Shopping was another amazing aspect of this hotel. I have to say, the location on Waikiki beach is my favorite. We have 2 children, 9 and 7; between the hotel pool and ocean it was perfect. We also had free daily buffet breakfast in the Terrace Grill with our stay which was a nice start to the day. Overall, the Hyatt in Waikiki met and exceeded our expectations. It was a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PennsylvaniaBee
<Content>Good times, pleasant stay Stayed here for five nights, (April 15 to April 20, 2004) and had a fantastic time. We had an oceanview room, but it may as well have been oean front, because the way the towers are set up, we had a complete and unobstructed view of the beach. Great service and nice, clean, comfy rooms. The breakfast buffet is excellent, the staff is very friendly (especially housekeeping), and the hotel is in a great location. It made for a wonderful Hawaiin vacation.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent hotel with nice views I stayed at the Hyatt Regency for 4 nights in March. The Sunshine on Sale promotion was a very good value -- 4th night free, room upgrage, and free breakfast buffet. Try to get a room that is higher up with at least a partial ocean view. OK, the extra few dollars charge each night for the room safe was annoying, but it's worth it to store your valuables. I recommend the Ciao Mein (Chinese/Italian) restaurant in the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location was perfect but hotel room was kinda old.... I stayed at this hotel for 6 days in December of 2003. Hotel's location is just perfect....it's right in the middle of all the actions. However, I have to say I was pretty disappointed when I walked in to our room (Deluxe Ocean View on 36th floor). Bathroom was rusty, furniture were old...and colors didn't even match. Some of 'em has bluish tone (not the pretty kind) and others had brownish tone....all in the same room. I was glad that I didn't pay the going rate of about $400.00-450.00 for this room... I would have been so mad if I paid that much and got this kind of room. But the view from the top was just awesome. You can see Waikiki beach from your balcony....watch people surfing and stuff. I usually like staying at Hyatt but I don't think I would recommend Waikiki Hyatt to anyone...especially if they have to pay regular rate.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had higher expectations for a Hyatt We stayed here the first two nights of our 10 day honeymoon before visiting Maui and the Big Island. The lobby was very nice as were the common areas and the staff very friendly. Once you entered the hall from the elevator it was musty and not very clean looking. Our first room was unacceptable due to a stale smoke odor (we had requested non smoking in advance). Our second room was a little nicer with an ocean view but the room was not particularly well appointed. It just didn't feel clean. I guess I had higher expectaions for a Hyatt Regency. I had read this hotel was 4 diamond AAA rated. I would honestly say it would be lucky to get 3 diamonds. Because we were only there 2 nights we just dealt with it. Had our stay been longer, we would have moved to a different hotel. To give you something to base this review on, my husband and I are 30-40 ish and like nice accomodations, but don't have unrealistic expectations.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Waste of Money The rooms are disguisting and a waste of money. The rooms belong in a motel. The room was old and dirty. The bed squeaked and the TV faced the Wall. I was so disapointed with the hotel that I was scheduled to stay there for three nights but moved to another hotel after the first nightl. Don't make the same mistake we did and stay at this hotel . I recommend the Moana Surfrider. Don't waste your money.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjennt
<Content>A Clean, Classy Hotel With Low-Key Exotic Elegance I absolutely fell in love with this beautiful and tastefully appointed hotel in the heart of Waikiki. I especially fell for the awesome two-story waterfall in the open-air lobby! This was the selling point for me of a hotel stay in Waikiki. I found the room to be very quiet, large and well appointed with rattan type furnishings. The staff bent over backwards to be helpful and give good advice about restaurants, inter island travel and were very attentive to my needs. The hotel is unique for its open-air roof and its elegant designer jewelry shops and other nice boutiques that span blocks. The long hallways are decorated with beautiful Asian antiques and vases, statuettes, etc. Though the place is enormous, it doesn't have a big obtrusive hotel feel like some do. There are three very good restaurants in the hotel complex itself that serve good food and are easy to access. I also loved the parrots in cages that are placed throughout the corridors. I got a terrific and magnificent breakfast plan that included free unlimited buffet style Japanese and Continental breakfasts for two in my daily hotel price. I loved leaving the hotel and coming back to its elegant charms; also a very convenient across from the beach location! All in all a tremendous experience I would no doubt love to repeat very soon!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjevan
<Content>Great location, Great staff and Great view!!!! My husband, my 2-year-old son and I stayed at this hotel the week of Christmas. The hotel was very nice, clean, and the staff was friendly. The pool was a tad on the small side, but clean. We had a great time there. They upgraded us to deluxe ocean-view room with complimentary breakfast buffet (normally is $20 per person) so it was nice of them. The view from the room was incredible. We will definitely stay there again. Thanks to Hyatt stuff for making our Hawaii trip enjoyable.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>4star-at-2star-price
<Content>Had a great time - Thanks! Wow! We just came back from two wonderful weeks at the Waikiki Hyatt.When we arrived around noon on Sunday, the Brunch on the Beach was underway right in front of the hotel.Chris at check-in, listened to our ideal room request, and assigned us to a large non-smoking full ocean view room on the 22nd floor, overlooking the Duke Kahanamoku Statue. Our reservation was only for a more modest corporate rate, Mountain View room. He even gave us bottled water when we came back a bit before 3PM and waited for our room to be ready.That evening we called to get a lamp fixed and few other things sent up. All was taken care of cheerily and quickly.We enjoyed the restaurants and the people that work there. The presentation and quality are excellent, and the prices are more than reasonable, especially if you use the coupons/discounts available. The breakfast buffet changes a bit each day; I liked the fluffy Florentine eggs and tender teriyaki beef, especially.The hotel supplies complementary towels and chairs for the beach. Yes, the hotel pool is on the small side, but the ambiance and location are superb, and the really big pool (the beach) is only a few steps away.Every evening, after the torch lighting ceremony @ 6:30PM there was a one hour hula show on the beach with different groups performing each night, and there are movies on Sat/Sun nights a bit further along the beach. We could see all this from our room's lanai or we could be right there just by walking across the street.On our last day, we asked for a late checkout as our flight home was at 11 PM, but our room was needed for incoming guests. Betty arranged for us to have another room, just across the hall, for as long as we wanted that day, at no charge. The bellman brought up the keys for the new room and even declined the tip I offered him.When we were checking out, Chris noticed us and came by to give us very beautful and fragrant flower leis and to wish us ALOHA.The Hyatt is the heart of Waikiki, with staff that really cares. Mahalo!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hawaiin Nightmare   showReview(1224167, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hounder
<Content>Nice Hotel near all the action in Waikiki   showReview(1148029, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>When can I go back????   showReview(1139593, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy at the Hyatt   showReview(1070852, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Paradise in Waikiki   showReview(1033185, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean, Classy, Perfection.   showReview(995217, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DonnaE
<Content>Perfect Location   showReview(919868, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Apprehensions subsided into perfect bliss!!!   showReview(913005, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Happy at the Hyatt in Waikiki!   showReview(711898, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Oahu and Maui   showReview(660977, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇撱亜銇?> 銇撱亜銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銉忋儍銉斻兗銇皸鎸併仭銇ф粸鍦ㄣ仹銇嶃伨銇椼仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(23365793, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>JACK0805
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇仼鐪熴倱涓仹銇欍€?#x201d;       閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇儉銈ゃ儰銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔銇満銈?/a>  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>sweetie7Japan
<Content>璞彲銇皸鍒嗐伀銇倢銇俱仚   showReview(23170709, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hmht
<Content>銉兂銈儵銈逛笂銇檼銇?#x201d;   showReview(23149821, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>銇屻仭銈冦伌銈?> 銇屻仭銈冦伌銈?</a> </div>
<Content>绔嬪湴鎶滅兢銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(23093469, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	3	1	2	4	

<Author>mimichanco
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇倖銇ｃ仧銈娿仐銇︺亜銇︽渶楂橈紒   showReview(22990677, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゆ渶楂橈紒   showReview(22856016, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儜鏈€楂橈紒   showReview(22855930, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲舵櫙锛併€€銉椼兗銉亗銈婏紒銆€璨枫亜鐗┿伀銈備究鍒╋紒   showReview(22855920, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋偆銈儍銉堛儶銉笺偢銈с兂銈枫兗銉偆銈偔   showReview(22855740, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱犳暤銇亰閮ㄥ眿锛併仹銈傘兓銉汇兓   showReview(22855372, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MAHALOOO
<Content>鏈濋銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(21638451, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Lao_Ki
<Content>Tolle Kombination von Strand und City   showReview(21397000, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇嬨倐銇椼倢銇亜銇戙倢銇╋渐锝ワ渐   showReview(21745489, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>zouchan
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屼究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(21324812, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞瀹夊績   showReview(21745398, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>alohasmile
<Content>銈勩仯銇便倞楂樼礆銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21134161, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉曘偅銉炽仚銈嬩汉銇倐銇椼仾銇勪汉銇倐GOOD銇с仚   showReview(21745302, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ucchan
<Content>銉勩偆銉炽偪銉兗   showReview(21116753, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇伀銇嬨仺渚垮埄   showReview(21745044, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亗銇俱亗銇ㄣ亜銇嗗嵃璞?#x201d;   showReview(21744983, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇忋仸蹇仼   showReview(21744710, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄鈾?#x201d;   showReview(21744501, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>marume
<Content>銉椼兗銉亴灏忋仌銇勩伄銇屾畫蹇点仹銇椼仧       涓嬨亱銈夎涓娿亽銇熴儚銈ゃ偄銉冦儓  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>lumutraba
<Content>Magnifico   showReview(20390294, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tommy3500
<Content>鍙ゃ仌銈掓劅銇樸倠鑰佽垪銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20295699, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gouka   showReview(20753328, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儍銉併仾姘楀垎锛?銉笺兗銈?   showReview(20753327, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銉炪儖銉炪儖
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19952363, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉嶃偓銉嗐偅銉栥仾feedback銇с仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(20752848, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mmay.n
<Content>銉勩偆銉炽偪銉兗銇儑銉┿儍銈偣銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19691417, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>銇层仺銇?> 銇层仺銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇嶃倢銇勩仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19628121, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chiakipenguin
<Content>銇嗐兗銈撱€併伨銆併亾銈撱仾銈傘倱銇с仐銈囥亞       Room 3765 / 3765鍙峰  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kaisei0626
<Content>灏傜敤銈ㄣ儸銉欍兗銈裤兗銈兗銇э紦锛楅殠銇?#x201d;       锛擄紬闅庛亱銈夊啓銇椼仧娴枫仹銇?/a>  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>銈儐銈ｃ兗
<Content>鎴戙亴瀹躲伄銇婃皸銇叆銈娿儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19140527, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>KCLO3
<Content>骞冲潎銈堛倞灏戙仐涓娿伀銉┿兂銈仚銈嬨儧銉嗐儷   showReview(18967206, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>钀屻仭銈冦倱
<Content>璞彲銇с仚銇屻兓銉汇兓   showReview(18865964, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	4	1	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>naolondon
<Content>浜堟兂浠ヤ笂銇с伅銇亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(18704440, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	2	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉濄偆銉炽儓楂樸亜銇с仚銇€?#x201d;   showReview(19172868, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗!!!!!!!!!   showReview(19172460, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偙銉笺偡銉с兂銇屾渶楂?#x201d;   showReview(19172335, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂勾瀵勩倞銇仺銇︺倐鍎仐銇勩偣銈裤儍銉曘伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172245, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儶銉冦儜   showReview(19171956, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇究鍒┿仹銇椼仧   showReview(19171816, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇壇銇勩亴   showReview(19171698, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儫銉儫銈掓簚鍠?#x201d;   showReview(19171597, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏀瑰杽銇曘倢銇︺亜銇俱仚銆傛渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(19171549, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gutes Fruhst眉ck und traumhafter Blick   showReview(16588172, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇屾渶楂橈紒   showReview(19171082, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉唴鍏呭疅   showReview(19171011, 'full');   
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐倢銈嬨偍銉儥銉笺偪銉?#x201d;   showReview(19170771, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲舵櫙锛侊紒   showReview(19170613, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伀娉娿伨銈嬨仾銈夈偝銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170139, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゅ垵蹇冭€呫仾銈?#x201d;   showReview(19170132, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伀缍洪簵銇犮仯銇燂紒   showReview(19169829, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛斿洖鐩伄銉忋偆銈儍銉?#x201d;   showReview(19169178, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩倣銇勩倣渚垮埄銇嬨仾銇併€?#x201d;   showReview(19169088, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屻仺銇︺倐绱犳暤銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19168992, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄣ仸銇珮銉儥銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168506, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱仧娉娿伨銈娿仧銇勩仹銇欙紒   showReview(19168485, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>婧€瓒炽仹銇椼仧鈽?#x201d;   showReview(19168321, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銈掓簚鍠紒   showReview(19168182, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇犮亼銇渶楂樸仹銇欍亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19167763, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇俱亖銇俱亖銇樸們銇亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(19167680, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋偆銈儍銉堛伅   showReview(19166838, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇⊕闊炽亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166595, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銆併儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉炽亴鏈€楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(19166211, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱般亱銇勩仦銉忋偆銈儍銉堛兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19165060, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19164447, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋偆銈儍銉堛儶銉笺偢銈с兂銈枫兗   showReview(19164180, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゅ垵蹇冭€呫伀銇娿仚銇欍倎銆€!!   showReview(19164143, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩亜銇亰銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164097, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愬寮忋仹   showReview(19163853, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儠銉兂銉堛仹銇仾銇嬨仯銇熴伄銇с仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163538, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>澶滄櫙銇屾渶楂樸仹銇椼仧   showReview(19163423, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Olja65
<Content>Das Hyatt ist sein Geld nicht wert!   showReview(8446288, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱儱銉笺仺鍒╀究鎬ч噸瑕栥仾銈夈€併亾銇撱亴鐒￠洠銇犮仺鎬濄亜銇俱仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163193, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎲с倢銇?#x201d;   showReview(19162524, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓嶆簚銇仐銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19162364, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣嶃仺浜屼汉銇с€?#x201d;   showReview(19162331, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棰ㄣ亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19162100, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161987, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉炽仹鍒╃敤銇椼伨銇椼仧   showReview(19161754, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨倐搴冦亸銆佸鏅亴...   showReview(21802276, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈搞偋銉炽偡銉笺偗銉┿儢...   showReview(21801871, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>褰撳垵銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗...   showReview(21801156, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈搞偋銉炽偡銉笺偗銉┿儢   showReview(19156355, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑹亱銇ｃ仧銇戙仼銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(19929804, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿鎸囧畾銇仐銇儎銈兗...   showReview(19928905, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儞銉笺亴璞彲銇ч儴灞嬨亱...   showReview(19928290, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>琛椼伄涓績鍦般伀銇傘仯銇?..   showReview(19928286, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ユ湰浜恒伄銇裤仾銈夈仛銉勩偄...   showReview(19927991, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉佺洰銇墠...   showReview(19927533, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋偆銈儍銉堛兓銉兗銈搞偋銉炽偡銉?#x201d;   showReview(19927309, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銉€銈ゃ儰銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔...   showReview(19926994, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鐨勩伀銇晱椤屻仾銇勩仹...   showReview(19926503, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併伀銇ㄣ仸...   showReview(19926348, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍗掓キ鏃呰銇уコ銇瓙锛斾汉...   showReview(19926281, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇°倗銇ｃ仺鍙ゃ亜瑭便仹鎭愮府...   showReview(19926177, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>寤虹墿鑷綋銇屽叓瑙掑舰銇仱...   showReview(19925882, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋偆銈儍銉堛伅銈枫偋銉┿儓...   showReview(19925770, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠娿伨銇ф捣澶?00绠囨墍...   showReview(19925041, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€瑷€銇ц█銇嗐仺鑹亱銇ｃ仧...   showReview(19925031, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仚銆傘仭銈囥仯銇ㄣ仐...   showReview(19924918, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銈ゃ偄銉兂銉夈儤銉冦儔銈?..   showReview(19924294, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫伄瑕嬨亪銈嬮儴灞嬫寚瀹氥仹...   showReview(19924013, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫亴鐩伄鍓嶃仾銇仹銆併仚...   showReview(19923566, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伅姘楀€欍亴鑹亜銇?..   showReview(19923347, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銈搞儯銉炽偡銉笺儠銉偄...   showReview(19923248, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 1, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐩伄鍓嶃亴銉撱兗銉併仹銆併仚...   showReview(19922810, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鎬濄仯銇熴倛銈婂彜銇勩仾銇ㄣ亰...   showReview(19922800, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉併亴鍒濄倎銇︺伄娴峰鏃呰...   showReview(19922560, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儹銈︺偅銉笺兂銇檪銇亜...   showReview(19922525, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄娴峰鏃呰銇倐...   showReview(19922500, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇т簣...   showReview(19921777, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€瀹舵棌鏃呰銇殯銇硦銇?..   showReview(19921562, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€鐣畨銇勩偒銉嗐偞銉兗銇?..   showReview(19921469, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏂板鏃呰銇垵鏃ャ亱銈夛紦...   showReview(19920907, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇偡銉с儍銉椼伀鍙嬮仈...   showReview(19920206, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€鐣渶鍒濄伀銇撱仭銈夈仹鍙?..   showReview(19919831, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺偋銉囥偅銉炽偘銇у鏃忓叏...   showReview(19919743, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉叏浣撱伄闆板洸姘椼伅...   showReview(19919642, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1姝?銉舵湀銇伅瀛愩倰閫?..   showReview(19919546, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇ㄣ亜銇ｃ仸銈傜珛鍦般亴...   showReview(19919282, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婇儴灞嬨亴搴冦亜銇仹銆併亸...   showReview(19919145, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ偄銉炽偊銈ㄣ儑銈ｃ兂...   showReview(19918987, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ伀銇倐銇嗕簩鍗佸洖...   showReview(19918920, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇棊銇с仚銆傘儞...   showReview(19918440, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€褰撳垵銈?銈枫儯銉炽儞銉?..   showReview(19918313, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€搴︺伅銆併仺鏈熷緟銈忋亸銈?..   showReview(19918243, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐭ャ倞鍚堛亜銇ㄤ竴绶掋伀琛屻仯...   showReview(19918239, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪偊銉炽儐銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇儴...   showReview(19917991, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併亴鐩伄...   showReview(19917925, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱亾銇儧銉嗐儷銇仌銇欍亴...   showReview(19917352, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇儴...   showReview(19916725, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇儴...   showReview(19916439, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鑸┖浼氱ぞ銇儉銉栥儷銉炪偆...   showReview(19916025, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

