<Author>Camelduece
<Content>Location is the best for the price Just got back from a wonderful two week 3 Island Hawaiian Honeymoon. We flew into Honolulu because it was cheaper.We booked the High Ocean View-Ocean Promotion for $149 a night during our Honeymoon around Christmas. Best value around for the price and location is great. Stayed for 3 nights, and would not suggest any longer.We were in the tower on floor 20 on diamond head side which is better. If you book it, just call ahead and request it.The buffet smell was so pungent that it reached into the lobby and slapped you in the face. We never ate anything from the hotel. We suggest finding a nice restaurant in Wakiki, money better spent.Parking is $20 bucks a day, although all the hotels get at at least that a day for parking.Overall I would suggest it for a short stay. Great location!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kallyn1
<Content>Hotel did not honor the reservation I had made through hotels.com. Through hotels.com. I had purchased a HIGH OCEAN VIEW ESCAPE room. The booking agent told me that the room would be located somewhere on the floors numbered in the 20's so that we would be able to see Diamond Head, Waikiki Beach, and a grand view of the ocean. The booking agent also was careful to point out that he could not assign a specific room number but I could be guaranteed a spectacular view because of what I had purchased. However, the hotel placed us on a much lower floor in the single numbers without the Diamond Head View, beach view, and a limited view of the ocean -- even though I presented my written confirmation at the check-in desk specifically stating that the room I purchased was a HIGH OCEAN VIEW ESCAPE location. This was very disappointing that the hotel did not honor my reservation that I had made.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>abbey_315
<Content>Would not recommend The location was pretty good as the hotel is in the midst of everything, and pretty much across the street from the beach.We stayed in the older part of the hotel and it is ghetto!! We were with a group and some of the other people were in the newer part which was an improvement, but not great, but what you would probably expect for the price. Our room/ wing is BADLY in need of a remodel or tear down. I think the bathroom is literally from 1950... the toilet is the kind that you get at a publlic restroom that you flush with your foot... the bathroom was not clean and it was gross. I did not want to take my sandals off and walk barefoot on the gross floor. The sheets were incredibly scratchy. The tv barely worked-- we constantly had lines and static, also it was an old 19 inch tv. The room was tiny as well. You might think that the room doesn't matter much since you don't go to hawaii to stay in your room... well, we thought the same, but it ended up being really rainy (pouring) for several days so we were stuck inside. The pool is pretty small and closes at 6pm. Parking cost us $200!!!! We didn't eat at the buffet in the hotel-- it was $40/per person and did NOT look worth it.. we instead went to a really nice steakhouse for the same price. Also, there is no spa at the hotel. Overall, I would definitely not recommend this hotel to anyone... I think there are nicer hotels for the same price range. We thought the fact that it is a Sheraton would help and make it nicer... disappointment. The staff seemed pretty friendly though.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	3	1	

<Author>oldhousegirl
<Content>Excellent Value very near the beach For $129 a block from the beach, I have no complaints. The staff was very friendly, and without asking we got our Starwood Gold upgrade to a partial oceanview room. From our balcony we were able to enjoy the nightly live entertainment by the pool.My one complaint about the hotel is the slowness of the elevators. We had a very large group staying in our tower, and we often waited a very long time to ride in a jam-packed elevator.The fitness room is quite large, clean, and with decent equipment. We never ate the breakfast buffet, though it looked quite good, because we walked a couple of blocks to Duke's (on the water) for their excellent $15 buffet. We did eat the dinner buffet ($40) one night during the live show -- average, but we just didn't want to go out and wanted to see the show. You're only a block away from the beach, and we sat in the reserved area for the other Sheratons that are right on the beach. It certainly didn't see worth paying $100 more to avoid a short walk. This hotel is also right next to International Marketplace and lots of other shops and restaurants. Our room was clean and our Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed wonderful.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MalibooNewYork
<Content>Love staying here We've just booked our third stay at the Princess Kaiulani for the end of December 08.In 2002 for our 40th anniversary we stayed at the Hilton hawaiin village. It was nice but not very special. The staff in the restaurants and at the hotel were not friendly nor particularly helpful.When we booked our next trip, we stayed at the PK and were very pleased with everything. On our second visit, our room was upgraded and we were treated to a surprise bottle of sparkling wine.The entire staff is helpful and friendly. They go out of their way to make you feel welcome.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bubblejenuk
<Content>Absolutely fabulous!! This hotel was fab! My husband and I are just back from Waikiki after staying for 5 nights here at the Princess Kaiulani. It is centrally located opp Waikiki beach and the staff were very helpul. The hotel was quiet, clean and spacious. We didn't eat in the hotel as it was rather expensive but the food looked gorgeous - we had to pass through the buffet area to get to the lift and the food was diff each night! The hotel had its own travel agent and tours for example to Pearl Harbour could be booked just the day before. The hotel's famous Polynesian Show was brill too. I just can't wait to go back.....  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>altsavy
<Content>Good average hotel in waikiki I stayed 4 nights in this hotel for a wedding. Nice hotel, in a great location. Hotel service is pretty responsive. There are better hotels in the same price level if you're looking for a beach view, i.e. the waikiki outrigger. Hotels on this stretch of the island has nicer smoother sand. Sandy down by the hilton, for instance can get pretty grainy. I would not recommend the breakfast buffet here. Go to Duke's across the street in the outrigger.Only con is that there's no wireless, if you need it.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>akworldtraveler
<Content>Book the cheapest room and get a 12" tv First of all, this was my 7th stay at the PK. The rooms and service have certainly improved. This is a tourist class hotel. Don't be mislead by any website's star rating. It is a solid three at times and a meager two at others, but not a bit more or less. The people who posted the worst pictures paid the least. In an ideal word this shouldn't be, but in the world where we exchange money for services it really is. Even SPG rates it a cat 3 out of highest 7(not five).Don't expect to book the cheapest room on the block in a tourist class hotel in this area of waikiki and expect luxury. If you pay for a standard, expect one. They will usually move you to a better room if they have space to improve your experience. Sign up to be an SPG member beforehand and book through their site, their price guarantee is good. It is a large hotel, something like 1100 rooms, and has varying levels of comfort. There is the tower, 29 floors, sweet sleepers, flat screen tvs. The ocean view odd number rooms don't get much sun, but the even numbered ones do. There are very comfortable suites on the top two floors called 'series 71' and 'series 82'. But there can be housekeeping issues in the suites as well-once, we actually looked up at the ceiling lights over the bed, suite, 2871, and there were giant balls of dust around the lights, The a/c vents were nasty, and mold in the bathroom tile grout. But, in general, basic housekeeping is efficient. I don't think the maids climb up on beds to dust the 10' ceilings. Almost all rooms in this building have some sort of ocean view above the 12th floor. Four elevators generally very quick.There is the middle building, I think 12 floors, which has sweet sleepers, but I don't think flat screens yet. On the highest floors of this building are various suites of varying quality. Here you are directly across from the pool, with a good view of the Westin Moana and an ocean view if you are far enough up. On the backside you are out of luck. You are low to the street and the noise can be brutal, and quite frankly the view stinks. On the city side there are no lanais.And there is the wing on the right of check-in, usually reserved as 'crew' rooms for flight crews and 'bulk group tourist getting the cheapest rate' types. These are your two star rooms which have no sweet sleeper, 12 inch tvs, and even the sinks are on two aluminum stands(you can actually lift the sink up). The housekeeping is generally good because they need the aircrew business. The rooms are old but amazingly efficient with fantastic use of spaces. But this building is really your last choice.I've also heard of something called the annex, with extra cheap rooms, but I've never risked it.Contrary to what some other reviewer posted, there is room service. There just isn't any past 2130. A small pot of coffee adds up to about $9.53 by the time the service fee (17%) and deliver fee ($3) get added on. And the breakfast is a bit expensive by the time you add on coffee and juice. But people order room service for a reason so if you want to splurge-splurge, and don't complain.The prime rib buffet is always good downstairs, but I think it gets a bit expensive for everyday. There is always as much snow crab as one can eat. They always offer a seafood, poultry, and pork option in the buffet. There is always a pasta choice. And it's a good opportunity to try some japanese style salads, sushi(very limited), and tofu's. There is always a good selection of breads. There is a very good selection of fresh locally made deserts. The usual ice cream bar and melon and pineapple choices round out the dinner buffet. There are also a-la-carte options to choose from. There is also the requisite Waikiki hula show, every night.The breakfast buffet is interesting. You can have anything made to order by just asking-they don't tell you this, but I've done it several times. One can also treat oneself to the japanese style breakfast. Most people are the usual bacon and egg type so they pay for the buffet and complain there are no choices and it's not worth the 22 bucks per person. But there aren't many places where one can get 'all you can eat' salmon for breakfast or fermented soy beans with mustard. Momoya can be great, just be prepared for smaller portions. The service is good, it seems to me the same staff have been there for a few years. The prices are reasonable.The pikake lounge. Well, what can I say? Land of leisure suit Larry's and lounge lizards. Kidding. The staff are obviously union and not worried about being fired for customer complaints. They understandably don't remember all their clients, but as a returning client I certainly remember them all. They can be downright rude. I've waited 25 minutes for a server to even acknowledge my presence. And I've had to put up with several of them giving me attitude or just plain non-chalance. The drink qualities are inconsistent, invariably. But then again there have been times where they have been downright fantastic.Hint, if you want to have a few drinks at one of the partner hotels, compare prices for drinks and apps with those at the PK. The menus are the same, but the prices about 20% lower at PK.The front desk staff is there to help. There are times when they can be short, but, in general, they are friendly. They always seem to have a way to help me with my issues. There was a time when the front desk supervisor and a few of the clerks were miserable sods, but they seem to have all moved on to greener pastures. I tend to remember people by name. Good job Sherri, James, June, Shauna. Not so good job new guy working nights(forgetful) and day-girl whose name sounds like the Indian word for tea but slightly different(very short). Always, Always, Always, check your bill before you leave. I had the experience, three years ago, of having them (their accounting department) contact me 7 months after my stay to say they hadn't charged me fully!!! Stick up for yourself, but don't be rude to them, ie realize that although this is your vacation it's their job(tourist class hotel, not five star)The pool is there, always clean, lifeguard on duy, and always colder than the ocean. The towel and chair attendants are always great except the female whose name begins with Y. Never had luck with her. Sign in and out for towels with your room key. Really cool new thing is the ability to sign out beach chairs for the day. These have to be back by 1730 or kept till the next day, but they stop taking them back at 1730 no matter what.The Hotel location is fantastic. The public beaches are right across the street. The Westin, Royal Hawaiian(currently closed for renovation), and Sheraton Waikiki beaches are also available for PK customer use.There is a fee for internet, around $14 and change per day. Tough to find wireless, but if you are on the oceanside of the tower you can pick up the new Apple store's wireless. Or you can sign up with the skywave and have wireless everywhere, it's much cheaper than hotel internet. Forget about using the phones.Overall the hotel is dated and nowhere near the quality of her sisters along the beach. But it is a family friendly hotel. We stay here because we're platinum SPG - thus we can book a low-medium priced room and expect the upgrade, although that's also no guarantee.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>WegaGal
<Content>Great Place       View from balcony  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>AussieBecs
<Content>Great location and great for the price (comparitively) Stayed for three nights and loved every minute.We actually booked a standard room with 2 double beds and was not expecting much at all. When checking in we were advised that we'd been upgraded to a pool view room with king bed.We had room 712 and it was fabulous - great view of the pool, the Moana Surfrider across the street and also some ocean view. The room was tastefully decorated and updated - had the most comfortable (king) bed I've ever slept in. Was like sleeping on a cloud. The room also had a small 2 seater couch, desk, wardrobe with iron and safe (at a charge!), TV and large mini fridge.The bathroom was smallish but lots of towels and shower over bath. The shower had good pressure but when filling the bath the water didn't seem to get hot enough.The lanai had two chairs and a table, which was great to sit out on at night and listen to the music playing from the pool side.We were actually staying as part of our honeymoon, and returning to our room on the second day we had a lovely bottle of sparkling wine waiting for us, which was really nice and thoughtful.The pool is a good size and there are lots of lounge chairs to sit on. The strange thing is that the pool is incredibly deep - starts at a meter and then goes to almost 2 meters deep. the water was over my head after leaving one end of the pool by a meter or so. In otherwords, watch your kids - there is no kids pool either.Lobby was huge and lots of internet stations. The concierge can give you a great little bus route map and the travel desk always seemed busy and not very helpful.Front desk people were always really nice. Checking out was very quick.One thing I would fault is that the in room safe is charged at $3.25 per day! The location is superb - walking distance to anywhere and the bus stop to either the USS Arizona memorial or Hanauma Bay (or anywhere for that matter) is just around the corner.I really liked this hotel - i've stayed at the Moana Surfrider before, and also the Ohana West around the corner. For the room price and location, I was really impressed and would definetly stay again!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GiaMia
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff, Everything Else Just So-So For all of you out there curious about the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani here's the scoop.1st: The hotel is in a great location. Beach access is right across the street and everything and anything you could possibly want is within walking distance.2nd: The hotel rooms and elevators are definitely dated. We had to ask to switch rooms because it was so old. And when we opened the cover that hid the a/c - ewwww. Can you say dust bunnies? People with allergies would've probably had issues.3rd: The hotel is located right next to the International Marketplace. Which we thought was great (our room was right above it) until nightfall and the stores started playing their music. Some stores blare their music until 12 midnight. The room is definitely not equipped with sound blocking sliding glass doors.4th: This hotel isn't plush. Meaning no spa or room service.All in all the hotel isn't the worst hotel at which one could stay. The staff was friendly and helpful. This hotel would be great for high schoolers on their graduation trip. Not for a couple looking for a romantic vacation.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>KK06
<Content>Unremarkable Just one night here, using my hotel reward points. Pleasantly surprised to get room upgrade to tower block, with good ocean view from balcony. As a hotel though it isn鈥檛 anything at all remarkable. Apart from the view it could be almost anywhere, though it is conveniently located a very short walk from the beach. Fridge in room was empty but there are vending machines (with limited choice of soft drinks), though tea and coffee were supplied in room. Breakfast wasn鈥檛 all that impressive for the price - continental breakfast didn鈥檛 include the usual cold meats and cheese (just some cottage cheese with salad stuff) and choice of pastries and fruit wasn鈥檛 that great either. There鈥檚 nothing wrong with the hotel, if you want somewhere large and relatively anonymous in a reasonable location and staff were efficient (in my limited dealings with them), but if you鈥檙e looking for character maybe look elsewhere.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kingyEngland
<Content>loved the sheraton have just returned from a 12 night stay at the sheraton and cannot agree with the bad comments that are written about this hotel.ROOMSwe had a room on the 10th floor which was a good size and clean. there wasnt any mould in the bathroom clean towels everyday. yes the furniture is dated but it is clean and not falling apart.iron and board ,hair dryer, coffee maker are also in the room. the swimming pool is a nice area to sit round with enough sunbeds to go round. towels are provided.there is nice seating area for lunch and a beer but it is a bit expensive compared to a lot of places in waikiki. the breakfast buffet is very expensive and so is the dinner menu. but you are on holiday plenty of places to go and eat with various priced menus. cheese cake factory is superbthe location of this hotel is superb, right in the middle of waikiki with the beach just across the road. loads of excellant shops with a big shopping centre 15mins away on the bus.you do get a lot of cabin crew including captains staying at the hotel which i see as a good sign when booking a hotel. so if u want a 5 star hotel,go and book the outrigger across the road at twice the price. but if u want a reasonable priced hotel right smack in the middle of everything which is clean and tidy this is the place to stay.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>checkm
<Content>good value, excellent location I paid $149 for a ocean view room in the high rise building. location is excellent, convenent to everything. Only a block from Waikiki beach and right next to International market. Room is small, bathroom facility is old, but clean. Buffet is expensive, 39 for dinner and 28 for breakfast. Self parking is $20 per day. Make sure you unload everything before you park your car, because no elevator in the parking construction, the first 3 or 4 levels are always full. Free internet access with computers in the lobby area. Overall speaking, good value in Waikiki area, but don't expect a lot.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>DocJewels
<Content>Bad rooms, good location       12 inch tv in an upgraded room???  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>malcovemagnesia
<Content>a touch of Vegas on Waikiki       nice entrance  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Schwack
<Content>Old Building/Great Location This was my third stay at this place. In the past, I always though the rooms and the halls could use some massive update/renovations. However, I was able to find a $130/night on Expecia, so I thought ok, one more time.Upon my checkin, they put me on the 5th floor on the old building (right of the checkin and they claimed it was an upgrade). So instead of a standard room they gave me a city view. Granted, they gave me a king bed, but I heard the traffic every morning around 6am. The hallway carpet and the room were very dilipated. Very old. I had to turn the shower head to massage mode to stop the high-pitch sound.Having said this, this hotel is very centrally located. In the heart of Waikiki Beach and close to hip bars and resturants. Yes, the hooker corner exits. It cracks me up but I coud see older folks being offended.So if you're looking for an ordinary, old hotel that has great value then this could be it. However, if you're looking for a fancier hotel with the frills, this isn't it.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Whitegirl1966
<Content>average rooms but some redeeming qualities The 1st room we stayed in (5th floor) appeared dated(old) yet clean but the air conditioning didnt work properly. After 2 complaints (including talking to the manager), they upgraded us to the 12th floor with a/c that worked  had a better view. The outside (lobby area) was nicely upkept  the hotel was in a good location. Because of the nightly shows, it did get a bit noisy outside, but it didnt go on all night. The service of the employees was great, but I expected nicer rooms from a Sheraton hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>kittenmitten
<Content>Good location but dated Stayed here as part of a honeymoon trip. In a good location but the room was flilthy upon arrival. We requested house keeping to clean which was done. However, there were still alot of mysterious stains on the walls and floor. The furniture was dated (1980's) and the bathroom was small.The location was excellent, we didn't eat from the hotel buffett as it was very overpriced. Try local restuarant The Cheesecake Factory. Lots of shops and the beach in walking distance. Staff were helpful and polite.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>HTTN
<Content>Excellent hotel Wonderful hotel, plenty of action down in the lobby to keep you entertained. There's live music every night down at the bar by the pool. The hotel also offers free internet lounge in the lobby. We stayed there just before Xmas and they had this whole nativity scene set up from cookies and chocolates alone. Location is conveniently in the centre of Waikiki which is the main hub in Hawaii. Directly opposite famous Waikiki beach which is excellent. Staff is very helpful and cheerful all round.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>calster
<Content>Great value in the heart of Waikiki I've stayed at this hotel several times. It's an older hotel, but is a great value with it's location and clean, decent sized rooms. A new gym has been added on the second floor. It's located on the floor where the meeting rooms are. I think 8 treadmills, 3 ellipticals and 2 bikes. No free weights, but a bunch of machines. The pool scene is unusually crowded since Waikiki Beach is across the beach, but I guess, the crowds on the beach can be daunting. Staff is quite engaging and friendly. Live entertainment nightly. Close to zoo and aquarium. With so many options nearby, I've never eaten here, but people seem to like it and the buffet selection seems quite large. The breakfast seems to cater mostly to the Japanese packaged tourist crowd.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>OMGAllNamesTaken
<Content>Everything was great except the noise and the "ladies of the evening"       View from the balcony  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>innov8
<Content>We had a wonderful time at PK We stayed on the 8th floor, Princess Tower. Comparing to the newer building, the room is bigger but the lanai is smaller. It works better for us since we have two kids. If you want a view, definitely ask for 8th floor or above. I'd suggest room x36 or x38 to look out to Waikiki from your room.Although the hotel is outdated, the price and location can't be beat. It's so closed to International Market and Waikiki, we and our kids were able to move idependently. We did not need to drive very often on this vacatoin. Love it!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	4	4	1	

<Author>Bellacityofangels
<Content>Great Location We just returned from the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani 2 days ago. The room we stayed in was a partial ocean view room. The room was a nice size, 2 full size beds and all the amenities. The local newspaper and Wall Street Journal was delivered daily at our door for our reading pleasure. It is basically a very good family hotel. My 13 year old daughter enjoyed the activities available in the lobby for the children, pineapple tasting, vendors, etc. The beach is directly across the street, the police station is across the street, the International Market place is next door. Me and my daughter enjoyed the bar b que that is held on Saturday evenings, which is open to the public and hotel guest. The plates were $7 a soft drink /bottled water was $1, the bar b que consisted of (2 large pieces of teriyaki chicken, traditional hawaiian pork on top of steamed cabbage, a salad and white rice. In the outdoor pool area there is free entertainment. Its a clean and family oriented hotel. I would definitely recommend it to others singles, families, couples, etc.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>sun0484
<Content>Great Hotel, Perfect Location! The hotel is situated perfectly across the street from Waikiki right on the main road, Kalakua. Although it is right off the main drag, you cannot hear the street noise. Live entertainment every night is great. You can relax by the pool, the bar, or in the restuarant and listen to the music and watch the hula dancing. Everything is very close by, within walking distance from the hotel. The staff at the hotel were all extremely friendly and helpful. The concierge especailly went out of their way to help with directions, bus routes, and taxi cabs. The food in the Pikake Terrace was very good (don't go the buffet, order off the a la carte menu). Room was a good size, clean, and the lanai was perfect to relaxing after a long day of sight- seeing. Only wish that the pool were open later! Do your own research before you go for booking tours to attractions. The travel desk is helpful but their resources are limited to tours that they make comission on selling to you. There are many other tour companies that are cheaper that you can book online on your own. Overall great hotel and would go back in a heart beat!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>takenvacations
<Content>Bad Hotel The hotel is bad! Do not let the pictures on the website fool you. The view from the rich peoples tower is nice, but if you are staying in the main part of the hotel the rooms are ok size, the bathrooms are disgusting, the lobby is classy, but is all mainly outdoors, the pool is good, the elevator is ALWAYS crowded, there are no stairs unless you want the fire alarm to go off. I would recomend it for people who want to stay away from downtown, that is about it.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>fionnualag
<Content>good location We were in the princess block - nice room if a little tired but we liked where it was 4th floor. Excellent location for all Waikikis attractions. Very small swimming pool and we could see from our balcony it was not always very clean but you are 2 minutes from the sea so its not important. Very busy hotel but staff very friendly. Like everyone else we filled the fridge from the ABC. Waikiki is a bit like Rodeo Drive meets Benidorm. We used the local bus to visit Pearl Harbour- other tours were expensive but its a holiday! Sheraton travel desk staff were courteous and helpful.Do go over into the Hyatt next door if only to look at the shops! We rented a car- easy and not expensive but the traffic around Honolulu is horrendous. Lovely once you get outside and other drivers are forgiving and polite.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	5	4	

<Author>kelizro71
<Content>Sheraton PK is a decent hotel This hotel was decent. It does have a great location for the price. The openess of the hotel lobby area was very nice, and the pool and bar area seemed rather secluded despite being on a main road. The property is definitely old looking and in need of some updating, but it was still quaint. The rooms on the courtyard side were a bit noisy in the evening when the band was playing. Overall, I might stay there again, but I would look into other hotels first.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Doraemon79
<Content>Great Budget Hotel for Oahu       lobby  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Iloveoahu08
<Content>Pleasantly surprised by this very nice hotel We just returned from a wonderful week long vacation in Honolulu and Waikiki beach. We stayed 7 nights at the Princess and had a great experience. All of the desk staff, concierge, bell men, and even tour representatives were friendly and helpful. The room we had was a partial ocean view and was comfortable and convenient. Great restaurants, shopping, and the beach were all within walking distance. We book a number of tours for the days we were and the transportation to these events were literally met across the street at the Hyatt hotel. We would stay at the Princess again if we go to Honolulu again  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>dragon410
<Content>Loved the Hotel We just returned from staying at this wonderful hotel. We were there for 4 nights. The Hotel was very clean, the staff very friendly and helpful. I liked that you could do your laundry on site. We sat on the balcony every night and listened to the nightly show that was put on at poolside. By11:30 every night the music stopped. The international market place next door to this Hotel was great. You could get all your gifts bought at this place and you can haggle a bit on the prices.The 15 min. free internet service was nice as well. You can also print your airport boarding passes out at the hotel to make airport check in easier. Everything was in walking distance and loved the hotel pick up to all the tours we took. Airport shuttle was very useful too. You just don't need a car they do it all for you. So this hotel was a good fit for all our needs. And the beach was just across the street. Couldn't ask for more. Very pleased with out stay.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>FrequentTraveler079
<Content>Excellent Hotel This hotel is in a great location and is a very good value! Great service, friendly staff, nice rooms, nice pool, and very comfortable. This hotel is 2 blocks from the beach and is on the main strip where there is a lot of restaurants and shopping. The only down side is that the hotel restaurant was very expensive. There are plenty of other options nearby (e.g. The Cheesecake Factory, California Pizza Kitchen, etc.).  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>shivos
<Content>We would recommend this hotel!! My wife an I spent a 6 nights at this lovely hotel. After reading some of the prior reviews we were not expecting to be awed by the hotel. We were pleasantly surprised!! The hotel itself was pleasant and well maintained. The hotel room was exactly what we expected too, nothing too fancy but a very reasonably priced place to rest( and a very pretty view from the balcony).The hotel staff was very insightful and helpful. We took advantage of the on site travel/activity coordinator. We obtained wonderful info from this person regarding rental car, luau's, snorkeling.Having gone to this hotel during prime time summer vacation, we were expecting to not find any lounge chairs at the pool. We were again pleasantly surprised, not once did we have any problems finding two seats next to each other. Although it was extremely busy/crowded in town, we did not feel the hotel was overbooked or crowded. Some MAJOR points to note: The hotel offers a hospitality guest room. Basically if your airline happens to fly out late on the day you check out, the hotel offers a complimentary room for you to shower/rest before you head off to the airport. We found this to be invaluable! And all you have to do is ask!If you happen to go to this hotel and are looking for more than just a convenience store(ABC store). There is a Food Pantry grocery store located one major street east of the hotel (2370 Kuhio Ave). We happened to stumble upon it after our 3rd day. The prices are much better at this store for things like snacks, bottled water beer, soda, candy, ice cream. It is a full functioning grocery store. Overall we would return to this hotel. The hotel was in great shape, the staff was wonderful, it is right across the street from the beach(3 minute walk). What more could you ask for.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Alan_Joanna
<Content>Great location for the money Stayed at the Sheraton PK for 7 nights from 18 June 2008. We were in the high tower initially on the 8th floor but upgraded to a higher floor to get a better ocean view. Room was spacious and had a shower and bath in the bathroom.Didn't eat at the hotel as there are lots of options within walking distance. There is a Denny's if you turn left out of the hotel main entrance and then turn left at the next major street and walk around 200 yards it is on your left. Also there is a cafe if you turn left out of the hotel (on the way to Denny鈥檚) as your approach the man street which does a simple breakfast for $3.95.For dinner we highly recommend the Cheesecake Factory (we ate there twice). The portions are huge and the prices low, especially when you consider you are in Hawaii. Also doing great food is Dukes. We also ate at Nobu as it was our first wedding anniversary. This was pricey (total $240) but worth it for that special meal. Also worth mentioning is PF Changs which is a chain of Chinese restaurants. This was good food and was very cheap too. In terms of tours we did the royal circle island tour which is a full day visiting various sites on ohau including the north shore, pineapple plantation (BTW! the pineapple in Hawaii is the best you will ever taste), look out point from where you can see a large part of the island and a fantastic coconut shrimp place for lunch. Well worth the time and money.We also went to Paradise Cove Luau which was $75 each which sounds a lot for dinner, show and a couple of drinks coupons but it was worth it. If you want to do a luau and get better value you could go to the Polynesian Cultural Centre which also has a series of seven villages that you can see shows and make crafts. The Luau is in the evening. I think the cost of this was $125 but we were put off by the length of the tour 10am and back at 10pm.Waikiki is a really good place and the beach was only a couple of minutes from the hotel. We chose to go to the beach to the left of the hotel and walk about five minutes down the road. It is much less crowded. There is also a Subway, Burger King, McDonalds and an ABC convenience store right across from the beach where we spent our time so it was easy to get something to eat for lunch. The sea was lovely and warm too.To sum up, the Sheraton PK is a mid range hotel in the middle of Waikiki, we were very happy with it and knew it wasn't a five star hotel. We found the staff very helpful and friendly and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Flyerman
<Content>Good Experience at PK The staff did everything I could have asked for, We wanted a non-smoking room, and at check-in, the man put us on the 7th floor of the smaller building (facing the pool)- the whole floor was non-smoking. It was very clean and fit our needs well for 8 nights. Almost everyday, there were activities in the lobby such as making flower leis,quilting,pineapple cutting, that gave it a sense it was a family atmosphere. Its not a glamorous hotel, but it allows families to experience Hawaii that may not be able to stay in more expensive hotels. The location is great to the beach, and is central to the area activities. The food is expensive-we did not eat there. The one thing I didnt care for was the pool closes at 6:30 pm for the outdoor entertainment but heard many hotel pools close early. There was no fitness center but it looked like they were remodeling one. Aside from these minor issues, I was completely satisfied with the lodging this hotel provided. Would not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Roxyforme
<Content>Best time ever My just husband stayed at the PK for a business trip for 2 weeks. I came out to join him for the last week of his trip. I had 3 days to explore by myself because he was at work. I loved the hotel, we were on the 26th floor facing Diamond Head. Our view was spectacular. I had plenty to do and to go see. There a tons of places to eat all around the hotel. I usually got coffee in the morning and walked along the beach and came back to the hotel to hang out by the pool. The staff by the pool were so nice, especially Angie. You can just lay by the pool and have lunch and cocktails brought right to your lounge chair. The hotel and grounds were immaculate. Our room was so clean, the maids really took care of cleaning every corner of the room and balcony. They have fresh plumeria flowers for your hair at the hotel desk every morning. A chef cut fresh pineapple each afternoon for the guests in the lobby. You can get anything your heart desires within walking distance to the hotel. I walked to the Honolulu Zoo and the Aquarium, which isn't to far down the beach. You can rent surf boards across the road at the beach or an go on an outrigger ride. The pool has chairs you can borrow to take to the beach too, that was great! I just loved it there and recommend this hotel to anyone who is out to have a great vacation.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>l0vet0travel6
<Content>You get what you pay for       Simple bathroom  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>MakeYouHumble!
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for our first 2 nights in Hawaii after a long flight from New York. The tower is a great location - not on the beach, but if you're only here for a short stay, you probably won't spend too much time on crowded Waikiki Beach anyway. And if the beach is your thing, it's only a block away. We stayed on the 27th floor - get a high floor if you can. The views are spectacular from the balcony. The staff is friendly - easy check in and check out, and the concierge was very helpful in getting dinner reservations at local restaurants for us. This hotel met all expectations, and even exceeded others with how good the breakfest buffet was. I don't think I'd ever spend a significant amount of time in Honolulu - the north side of Oahu and the other islands are really what Hawaii is all about. But for a short stay after a long flight, this hotel is awesome.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saints-girl
<Content>Keep looking The location of the Sheraton was the reason we chose to stay here. I have never stayed in a room that was so loud in my life. Our room was in the newer tower that faced the International Market. Not only could we hear loud music until late into the night, it sounded like we were in the middle of a construction site with dump and delivery trucks showing up at the crack of dawn. Not to mention that we could hear everything going o in the rooms next to us. After the 4th day of no sleep, I went to tell the manager who wouldn't even come out to speak to me and told the front desk clerk that if I wanted to move, I would have to pay more money. I ended up calling their corporate office to complain and the manager called me on my cell phone and told me I could move at no charge. You could still hear noises on the other side of the hotel, but not as loud and the music broke up much earlier at night. There is nothing special about the rooms at all, from what the staff themselves told us, the food was nothing to rave about, so we never did eat there. We did enjoy meeting for drinks by the pool in the evening. They have live entertainment nightly, however, you'll spend plenty of time waiting for cocktail service out there. One night we made the huge mistake of taking in the hotel's comedy show. It was horrific and sooooo not worth the money. I don't know where they dug these people up from, but it was a huge rip off. If you want to use their hotel gym, you have to go to a different Sheraton and pay money. Also, I felt that the $20 a day to park was outrageous, but in all honostly I'm not sure how that compares to other hotels. The conceirge only wanted to make reservations at restaurants where he would benefit from making the call himself. For the almost $1400 we paid for 7 nights...I'd definitely keep looking around. If you feel you'll need sleep at all, you'd be better off staying somewhere else.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	2	1	3	

<Author>Renegade08
<Content>Nice Hotel The four of us stayed at this Hotel for seven days. The Hotel is upscale, clean and in a great location.. The desk cleak was very kind and helpful. The room was a good size for the four of us, we also enjoyed the pool and spa. The maid service was respectful and charming. We had the best stay.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Kmalia
<Content>Quite Basic We had a corporate rate which was $109/night for a double-occupancy non-smoking room facing the pool (room 710). This building is the shorter tower which runs parallel to the ocean.We stayed there for six nights and found the room to be clean and comfortable, but, as many mentioned, there are some issues which may make me decide to stay somewhere else in the future.PROS- Beds very comfortable- Rooms kept very clean- balconies- Very short walk to Waikiki Beach (2 minutes) and the Waikiki 'strip'- Pool area looked nice- Nice Hawaiian music poolside nightlyCONS- NO valet! upon check-in we pulled up to the curb and a tour bus pulled in behind us, the single 'bell boy' rushed to the tour bus and didn't even look at us - we had to unload our bags ourselves and I had to go park my car in a multi-storey parking garage next door which was ALWAYS packed with cars and had no elevator! Plus - i had to pay $20 a day!- Understaffed - not only the lack of valet, but the front-desk staff seemed overworked, the concierge was almost never there or was inundated with Japanese tourists. I was even told on two occasions, we're short on staff right now- THIN WALLS - we could hear our neighbors conversations through the vents.- Noisy at times - Waikiki Blvd. gets noisy on any day of the week, especially at peak tourist times. if you are an early sleeper (before 9:30pm) the live music down by the pool is very audible every night!All-in-all, i think we got a great rate, but I would probably pay an extra $20-30/night and stay at the Kaimana Beach hotel which is right on the beach and has very friendly and personable staff and a proper valet!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	2	

<Author>cmock
<Content>Had a great time! We were here for 4 nights. Had orginally contacted hotel to ask questions and ended up joining their Starwood Program. Got the room for a decent rate. We upgraded to an Ocean View room. Let me tell you, the view was incredible!!! We were on the top floor, 29, and view was of Waikiki Beach and north and also some city/mountain view. Awesome!Check-in had some problems, though. We arrived early and left bags with bell hop in front of hotel. Went and checked-in in case we could get in early. She went ahead and did all the computer work and told us to come back at 3:00, two hours later. That was fine, we went to Dukes and had lunch. We came back at 3:00 and was told that one of our rooms was ready, but someone must have taken the other room because it now showed as filled. Okay, give us another room......She finally found one,we had requested ajoining room, on the top floor, but the second room would'nt be ready for another 2 hours; it had had a late checkout. We asked that all of our luggage be brought up to the room that was ready. We got half of it. Okay, that's alright, we'll just wait until the other room was ready. She called and said that she had accidentally reset our room key and would need to come down and get a new key. I went down there and asked if the other room was ready. She said it wasn't and offered us drink coupons for their lounge. I went ahead and took them and we all went and sat in the lounge for an hour. Room was finally ready and we went back up to make sure our luggage was there and get ready for the evening. Our room key didn't work! So back downstairs and they reset it again. Worked this time!The rooms were a little tired, but clean. The beds were incredibly comfortable and pillows nice. We were in the Ainahou Tower. Much nicer than the other, older tower.We got 2 papers every morning at our door, complimentary. Because we were Starwood enrolled and stayed 4 nights, the 4th night was free and we got a $100 food coupon for each room. We decided to use that for the Mother's Day Brunch at $40 a person! It was good, but not worth the $40 ,so glad it was free.They had a great show, Creation, A Polynesian Adventure. We would definitely stay here again, but only in the high A tower.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	-1	2	5	-1	

<Author>Kaimanas_Mom
<Content>Good Value We picked the PK as part of our vacation package and the price was reasonable. We stayed in the north tower and could see the Royal Hawaiian hotel from our lanai and a bit of an ocean view. The room was very basic - two queen beds, one chair and a desk with the TV. We were a bit crowded because we also had my 19 month old son's travel playpen with us that was set up between the slider to the lanai and the bed. The furniture itself is old, outdated and in need of replacing. The beds, however, were very nice. Upgraded linens and very comfortable.We did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants because it was kind of pricey. We did sit out and listen to the entertainment by the pool one night and have a few drinks. Nice atmosphere. Can't beat the weather in May.The tower we stayed in only offered dial-up internet connection and it was spotty. The in-room safes did say there was a daily charge for use, but we called the front desk to ask because literature in the room said the safes were available free of charge. The front desk said they don't charge anymore, it's an old sign, but we double checked at the end of our stay and there wasn't a charge, so we were pleased.Other than that, the hotel was perfect for our stay and met our expectations. The location, of course, is beautiful and exactly how mentioned in many of the reviews here. We had no problems here and would stay again!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Flipflopqueen12
<Content>Princess Kaiulani       PK 2 balcony view  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>krdkrd
<Content>great location, nickel and dimed for amenities, room decent but unexceptional       view from balcony (looking left)  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>purpleturtleuk
<Content>Totally Recommended!!!!!!!! My Family and I stayed here for 15 nights without any problem what so ever and 15 nights is quite a long time!!... I chose the cheapest website with the cheapest rate, upon arrival we were upgraded several times to a room with a pool view (nice in the evening with every night a hula band by the pool) The hotel is a little tired looking in parts but not the communal areas...i get the feeling if your not happy about something, they will attempt to do something about it like moving you're room. The pool area is immaculate and will give you towels to take to the beach... Which is just a 2/3 minute walk away, Its also close to bus stops, shops, car rentals in fact anything you could really need... I had one lunch time snack around the pool which was ok, didn't eat much there though.The room was cleaned very well every day and all the staff seemed fine... I dont know how anyone can hate this place, for the money some places charge in waikiki, this is a bargain... In simple terms, this is a better hotel than the price suggests... I would stay here again no problem... In fact i probably will...  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FashionPrima
<Content>Beware staff gives wrong information The hotel offers very basic rooms but quite comfortable. It is located quite central. You can easily reach the beach and shopping area. The staff in the hotel polite but give wrong information. You have to pay 20$ per night for car park. The staff suggested us free parking area, which later on cost us 180$ because of the tow-away area. He didn't informed us about that and the singes are quite small. Beware!  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kg92253
<Content>Happy with our stay and would do it again!       view from room 718 during the day  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>aj1a
<Content>Third time, great as usual!       Pool  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	3	3	

<Author>sdtraveler417
<Content>What a dump!       Sweet Lanai's  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	1	2	2	

<Author>KitKatChunk
<Content>Good stay; would recommend. We stayed a week from Apr. 11 - 18th and enjoyed the hotel because:1) Great location - heart of Waikiki and close to shops, eateries and car rentals and tour pick-ups. The beach is a few minutes away and just across the street. Also close to bus services.2) Rooms were clean and a good size. We stayed in a high ocean view room (on the side which does not face the pool where there is nightly entertainment and hence may be noisier). Our ocean view was limited however, as there were so many high rises on the beach front which stood in the way. 3) Free pineapple between 2 and 3 pm and if your plane is late, there is a hospital room which you can use for an hour (after you've checked out). Allows you to shower and clean up before hopping on the plane.4) There are free computers (about 4 working stations). The key is to go really late at night or in the middle of the day when most people are out. I think you could also hook up your own laptop if you decide to bring one along.We would stay there again for sure.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>chefphree
<Content>good times Just got back from a short stay at the PK. It was great. We loved how close to everything it was never a shortage of things to do. The staff was friendly and helpfull in recomend places to eat and helping with reservations. The beverage service was slow by the pool but everything is a little slower in hawaii. Overall great experience.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>attravelsodus
<Content>Nice hotel, great location and staff friendly I had a group booked to stay at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani in March 2008. I was a little concerned after reading some of the comments on tripadvisor. There were negative comments about the rooms and staff. I decided to go there with an open mind. ( Last year when I escorted a group to a hotel in the Dominican Republic there were terrible comments and I was pleasantly suprised when I arrived. ) I was also suprised this time. Upon arrival, I went to the front desk to get the room keys for the group. All the rooms were ready and were assigned with the requests that I had asked for. All the rooms were clean and had balconies. The restaurant and bar staff were friendly. The pool was open and easily accesible. The location is great. Right in the heart of Waikiki Beach. The group department was also very helpful and friently. I would not hesitate to book this hotel again for myself or another group.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>henrySeattle
<Content>Great staff, great location We originally were booked in a small room that had a water view, nice room but too small with 3 teenagers. The front desk moved us to a suite on the 11th floor for a small upgrade. Weird shaped room but big, excellent water view and huge lanai. Very quiet. A few problems getting extra towels promptly but no complaints. Fantastic sitting room on that floor. We had a great time, the location was so convenient to everything. Only complaint, the pool was so cold! Too refreshing, even for the kids. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SydneyShane
<Content>Fourth time...       Ocean View ROom  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	5	

<Author>Cook10thAnniverary
<Content>Relaxed ending to 10th anniversary Thank-you to Sheraton Princess Kauilani for giving us a find end to our 10th year anniversary celebration. We spent seven days on a cruise through Hawaii and were happy to settle down for three nights. Only one sore spot, when we arrived there was a long lineup at the Check-in-Counter and were told the rooms would not be available until later in the afternoon. After approximately thirty minute wait, I found out this information and asked to be upgraded. They were able to accomodate our request for a little extra. They should have informed everyone earlier due to the fact there was a number of older people in the lineup. We were happy with our room and spent our time enjoying the pool. We explored the sites of Oahu and were satisfied with our surroundings. Our room faced the pool and each night we were treated to music from the poolside. My wife and I enjoyed this sitting back enjoying a cocktail while listening to the sweet sounds of Hawaii. We would return to this hotel - due to the proximity of the hotel to dining and shopping in the area. Thanks for everything - we'll be back one day!!!!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>bigjim10
<Content>Not what I have come to expect from Sheraton I guess I might of had higher expectations than I should have to begin with. The hotel is in a fine location (although not right on the beach, it is walking distance to a lot of shopping and eating), the lobby was nice...but that was it. I got there pretty late, so I was tired and hungry - sorry room service ends at 9pm. Mini-bar with snacks? Nope. Vending machine? Nope. Try the ABC market across the street. It was a little irritating that one HAS to leave to hotel for a snack after 9pm. Okay - I get off the elevator and the first thing I see is the Starwood Preferred Guest Floor sign, I immediately think that this actually means something...wrong again. The floor was filthy as were the walls in the hall way. I got to my room and it had a balcony - staring at 4 other buildings/hotels. I do realize that I didn't book an ocean view room - but I guess I expected that the city view room would have a view of the city - and not be 25 feet away from the hotel next door. After getting in bed - I think I realized that the best part of this short three day business trip to Honolulu would be the comfy bed. Although I didn't hear it the first night, on the second and third nights, the faucet in the bath tub dripped all night long. The last morning I decided to go down stairs to try the breakfast buffet. I was okay - nothing spectacular - but acceptable. I ate and proceeded to the check out counter - because I was tired of waiting around for the waitress to take my check - what a mistake that was. The cashier was sooo mean. Everyone that approached her got their heads bitten off...you are better off waiting for the waitress.To wrap up - The PK Hotel wasn't the worst hotel I have stayed at, but I definitely left feeling dissapointed after so many wonderful experiences at Starwood hotels.Side note: I think that was my first and last time to Honolulu. Not because of the Sheraton PK - but because Honolulu has got to be the worst place in Hawaii. I have been to Maui and the Big Island several times each, and I guess I was just spoiled by their natural beauty and lack of sooooo many people and traffic.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	3	3	

<Author>oldtrave1ler
<Content>Dont eat outside Generally a good experience with helpful staff. The room was a bit tired with the wallpaper starting to peel.Situated only 1 block away from the beach and the side entrance leading directly to the main shopping street.Breakfast was a buffet with seating in the open air under sunshades. The food was good and plentiful with a chef available for Omelettes etc.Main problem was that when people had finished their breakfast and left the table if any food scraps had been left on their plates then pigeons would descend.The employment of a bird of prey handler would do wonders.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>carneykid62
<Content>The Perfect Honeymoon!!! From beginning to end our stay was perfect. Don't believe all the terrible reviews. We were immediately upgraded to a Deluxe Oceanview room, Champagne on ice when we arrived, greeted by Leis from Ben the front desk agent at 11pm. Service was phenomenal, location was perfect, food was fantastic, pool was large and immaculately kept. The rooms are a bit dated, but they are extremely clean and comfortable. They offer beach chairs, towels and beach mats and the beach is less than 100 feet across the street. The best vacation we have ever had!!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colin-leeds
<Content>Enjoyable stay       Balcony view  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>baxter3
<Content>Enjoyed our stay/Extremely convient location!       Ocean view  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>pumagoose
<Content>terrible experience I stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani from 2/7-2/12/08 to attend a family member's wedding and I was very disappointed with the overall experience. We basically received a room that was not as described in the original reservation and the only accommodation the hotel had available was for an upgrade which we had to pay for. The only explanation the front desk could give us was that all basic rooms are described as a Cityview room with balcony etc. and that a Cityside room which is much smaller with no balcony can also be described as such. I feel this is very deceptive and we would not have stayed there if given that option. We actually had reservations at another hotel but cancelled because we thought we were getting a certain level of accommodations. In addition we had no problems corresponding with the group reservations agent Keri Shiramizu prior to our arrival but after we arrived she did not respond to a voicemail or email regarding the room situation. Overall we had a terrible experience with this hotel and will never stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	3	

<Author>cousin310
<Content>Save your money In 2003, 2004 and 2006 we stayed at the ohana waikiki west and in 2007 across the street at the miramar, so we have seen different hotels. This yr was our 40th anniversary so thought we would stay in a little swankier place. What a disappointment. Like all the bad things the other reviewers wrote Id have to double it. First we are smokers, ya I know, and had requested a smoking room, which we got if we would have arrived on Sunday as planned but due to flooding on the big island we went to waikiki on Friday and conviently they had no smoking rooms but we sure could upgrade and get one. ( other hotel reviews on here people write all the time about a free upgrade) for a price. Thought maybe since it was our 40th they would give us one HUH they sure did for $25 a night (5 nights) so we took it. Got to the room and as one reviewer on here said what a disappointment that isnt the word. For what you are paying the room wasnt as nice as the ohana west and for twice the price. The wallpaper was coming loose from the wall in many places, if you looked where the floor met the walls, there was dirt and waste and the bathroom tile floor was a mess, grout was all dirty and corners dirty, the toliet was sitting on the floor at a angle and when you sat on it you thought that you had to hold on so you didnt fall off, There are no dressers just a small set of drawers not enough for one person in the closet, also in the closet was 2 bottles of water with the ice bucket the bottles had a sign on them only $4.25 each comeon high priced room and you have to pay $4.25 for a dollar bottle of water?? Your morning coffee isnt free either in the room, our coffee maker was screwed up open the lid to pour the water in and the hinges were broke so you had the lid in your hand, after the coffee was made there was no way you could remove the pot without opening the filter basket and the same trying to put the pot away. The mattresses have seen there better day and thought that I was going to fall out of bed several times the center is higher then the sides,. Unfriendly very unfriendly staff EXCEPT for the maids and bells very nice people, we went back to the room one day to put some purchases away and the maid was in the room. We told her what we wanted to do and she stopped her work moved the vacuum out in the hallway asked for our room key and shut the door and then used our key to open it, you dont find that at many hotels!!!!! Maid was very security minded. Now the good parts Location Location Location and when we upgraded it was called a ocean view room which it kind of was, you could see the ocean if you stood at the lanai railing but not if you sat in the chairs and the sun set between two hotels and it was very nice. Every day between 2 and 3 they give away free slices of pineapple in the lobby and they have 5 computers with internet that you can use for free. Have to wait your turn and sometimes that was 30 or 40 minutes. So for our 6th trip you can bet we wont be staying at the SPK I could write more but dont want to take up your time as I think you get the point, IT'S NOT WORTH THE MONEY!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	5	1	1	3	

<Author>tink23Vancouver_BC
<Content>Not what we were expecting:)So We just returned home from staying 10 nights at the Sheraton Princess and have to admit, although it was an amazing location, we would never stay there again!!!!!!!! After our early morning flight there coming from the winter cold, we were expecting warm greetings when we arrived........ I mean, you would think the guest services could at least have a smile on their face when they say Aloha!? Instead, it almost seemed like we were just a complete hassle when we asked any form of question at all, nice, really nice:) So, we went about checking in and went up to our rooms to see how they were, and quite honestly it was a disappointment when we opened the door and realized we were paying a ridiculous amount for a VERY AVERAGE room:) Now, one thing I do have to admit, besides the awesome location, we did have an amazing view:) The next morning we thought it would be nice to attend the breakfast buffet in the Pikake Lounge, considering we had a bunch of family fly in to meet for a special occasion. After finding out it was $21.95 EACH, we decided to sit down anyways and enjoy the beautiful atmospshere (so we thought!) Not only were the servers painfully slow, they were among the RUDEST, CONDESCENDING INDIVIDUALS I have come across!!!!!!!!!!! After this experience left a bad taste in our mouth we almost didn 't want to return:) However, we thought we would give it another chance, once again, disappointment!!!!!!!! The only employees we want to give thanks to are the Bell Boys and the Housekeepers for actually smiling and acknowledging us on a daily basis:) We will return to Waikiki, just not to the Sheraton Princess:)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rachellemb
<Content>We enjoyed our stay My husband and I and 2 kids 6 and 8 stayed here Jan. 2008. We were scared considering some of the reviews, but we really enjoyed our stay. The rooms were dated, and a little rough around the edges, but overall our room was very pleasent and clean. The room had a late 1980s feel. The staff was genuinely friendly and helpful. I can see how where you are located can affect your stay. We were in the Princess tower and our room overlooked the pool and the Westin Moana across the street. It was nice. There is pool entertainment noise at night, but we were so exhausted at night, it didn't bother us. Try to avoid street rooms at the lower levels due to bus noise. This is not a hotel for you if you if you are finicky about your room, or you like to spend a lot of time at your hotel, lounging at the pool, lingering over room service meals, and relaxing. This is not the place for honeymooners. The hotel has a small pool and a busy atmosphere and the rooms are for showering and sleeping. I personally found the atmosphere festive with a I'm on vacation! feel. We are active travelers, who are gone all day, and the room was perfect for us. The beds are comfortable. I like the small Hawaiian touches the hotel provides. Flowers for you hair at the desk, which my daughter loved, pineapple slices and juice in the afternoon, lei making and hula lessons and craft sellers in the lobby and Hawaiian entertainment at night. Though sometimes the night entertainment was very lounge lizardy. We had a discount for the morning buffet that we used. It was very good, with a wide variety of breakfast foods. Our price with the discount made it reasonable, but if your on a budget I would skip it. Avoid the waxy doughnuts, not worth the calories. Yes the name says Sheraton, but with a room rate of about $150 - 200 in expensive Waikiki, you should know that you are not going to get a top notch room and you won't. When they do rehab it, prices will go up accordingly. I felt our room rate was fair for what we got, a clean, comfortable room in a great location.  A hint for those parking with luggage, go to the top part of the parking garage that is labeled additional parking. There is an elevator there that can take you to the lobby. The lower levels do not have an elevator and you have to lug your luggage down stairs. We had a great time in Waikiki, which I usually avoid for the North Shore, and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>meribor2
<Content>First trip to Hawaii My partner and I went to Hawaii to visit his son who is stationed at Kaneohe Bay, and stayed at the Sheraton for our visit.The bellmen were among the best I've ever encountered - very friendly, very knowledgeable, and quite helpful in getting us oriented. The check in was quick and professional, so no complaints about that part of the process.We stayed in room 236, a king room at the end of the hall with a lanai overlooking the pool, and just immediately over the reception area. While the lanai sliding doors did a pretty credible job of blocking out the noise, if they were open to allow in the lovely breeze, it was VERY noisy. It seemed that there was a tour bus loading up every morning and it was a constant cacophony. The hotel is one block off Kalakaua Blvd, the main drag in Waikiki, so lots of road noise, and at night, lots of noise coming from the street performers as well as the nightly poolside show. In retrospect, I probably should've asked to stay on a higher floor, and perhaps some of it might have been filtered out.The bed was comfortable, the bathroom pretty standardly sized with a pocket door for privacy. We were pretty exhausted the day we arrived from the long flight there, so I didn't notice it immediately, but when I went out onto the lanai the next morning to enjoy some fresh pineapple juice, I noticed a large crack in one of the sliding glass doors, and several bloodstains on the curtains. Now, to their credit, once I pointed it out to the housekeeper, they immediately got to work on it and the front desk called up and offered to move us to a different room, but my partner was ill and uninterested in repacking just to unpack again, so we declined. But it did make me wonder how long it had been there and how often they inspected such things.It seems to be a global trend for hotels to nickel and dime you to death for amenities that should come with the room, which annoys the ever-loving daylights out of me. You have to mount an exploration to find the free channels ( I was looking for CNN) on TV; the menu button on the remote leads you directly to all the pay services. Wireless internet access is expensive, and the signal wasn't that great; you could take advantage of the free desktop computers downstairs, but be prepared to wait, as there was always a queue. There was an in-room safe, which has been free everywhere else I've stayed, but I believe they were charging something like $4.95 a day to use it. There is a free computer solely devoted to checking in for flights and printing boarding passes - but it closes at 9:00 pm when the concierge leaves, and if you want to check in for a flight back to the mainland which leaves at say, 10:45 pm the next night, you can forget about doing anything about it until the concierge returns at 7:30.The breakfast buffet, while tasty, was a ridiculous $21.95 per person. We did it once, and for the rest of our stay opted to go across the street to the ABC store and get fresh fruit salads and sodas there for $5.00 per person, which we could eat in our room, free of the annoying gulls who set up shop in the open-air dining area. As soon as a diner would get up from the table, the birds (who had long since lost any fear of humans!) would swoop in to devour any leftovers on the plate. That was just too creepy for me to deal with, personally. The wait staff tried to shoo the birds constantly, but were overwhelmed by their number and their tenacity.Waikiki Beach is across the street. There are two public beach access points convenient to the hotel; go left (towards the Duke statue and the Police Station), and there's a little snack bar, restrooms, surfboard rentals, etc; there is another if you cross the street at the Moana Surfrider and head up the street towards the Cheesecake Factory. You can check out beach towels poolside with your room key and take them to the beach and then sign them back in when you return.There are several shuttles that pick up across the street - the pink line will take you to Ala Moana Mall for $2 each way; there's also a free Hilo Hattie's shuttle which will take you to their flagship store on Nimitz Blvd. After you've dropped some bucks for the quintessential touristy souvenirs, the shuttle driver will, on request, drop you off at Ala Moana Mall, the Aloha Tower, or the Ward shopping center.The one thing I really liked about the hotel was at 2:15 every day, you could taste fresh pineapple or drink a cup (or two!) of fresh pineapple juice. It was wonderful, and can't recommend it highly enough.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>AshVee
<Content>Great price for a Sheraton hotel close to the beach This was my second time to Waikiki in 2007.The first time I stayed at the Waikiki Marriott where I had my honeymoon. We had a great room but it was pretty expensive.This time I took my mother and decided to stay at the Sheraton Princess K or as I remembered it the Sheraton with the hookers out the front as it was more centrally located (so easier for an older person with mobility issues), much cheaper (USD $185 per night) and was pretty well reviewed on this site. As it was apart of the Sheraton chain I figured it would have to be pretty decent too. This hotel is good value for money especially when you compare it to a lot of the other hotels that are pretty much in exactly the location. We stayed around Thanksgiving and I was surprised at how cheap it was considering it was a peak holiday time in the USA and there were plenty of guests. It is a short stroll to the beach and surrounded by good shops, restaurants and close to the Food Pantry supermarket on Kuhio Avenue.The lobby and pool area is great and I was pleasantly surprised with our room on the 29th floor. It wasn't the Marriott and as others have commented, the hotel could do with a refurbishment soon. The beds and bedding were wonderfully comfortable and the room was clean and in good condition with a good size lanai. That said the bathroom reminded me of the shower scene in Psycho (very 1950's) and after a few days there seemed to be a bit of mould near the top of the shower rail that was mysteriously never cleaned by housekeeping. The room faced the International Marketplace (not the ocean like it was supposed to but you could technically see the ocean) so it was pretty noisy until midnight and I had to sleep with earplugs a couple of nights. We didn't eat at the hotel as it was expensive and there were so many great restaurants within a short walking distance. The free Overall it was good and I would stay here again and recommend it as a mid range accommodation. I have stayed in much worse places than this!!!! Some of the hotels off Kuhio Avenue looked pretty rubbish in comparison so I think the Princess K is pretty good considering that hotels tend to be pretty expensive in Waikiki. Most importantly, the whole point of going on holiday is not to stay in your room! Get out and experience what you came to Hawaii for!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>jfoote
<Content>Excellent Value and Locationl in Heart of Waikiki       View from Balcony  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>Clover1998
<Content>Good Hotel, Great Locaton I would like to begin by saying that this hotel is not the bad hotel that a lot of reviewers have been saying on the negative side of things.Yes the hotel is older and is due for some updating but it is clean and very close to Waikiki beach.To stay at a newer hotel you would be paying triple the room rate. The concierge was always helpful and there was free use of computers in the lobby for internet access.You can check out towels and beach mats from the pool to take to the beach with you. You don't have to use you own towels which is great.There is many stores for shopping nearby as well.We would definitely stay here again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>janechejj
<Content>Terrific location... We enjoyed our short stay very much. Our expectations were somewhat low based on some of the earlier reviews, but in fact this hotel was clean, extremely well located (across he street from Waikiki beach and some of the best shopping on the island), and very well priced. Prepare to pay $15 for parking. Really, we would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>nycchick81
<Content>You MUST stay here!! This property is great! We stayed in Oahu from 12/22-12/24 and 12/28-12/30. The first part we stayed at another hotel, and the second half we stayed at the Sheraton. I would recommend it to ANYONE! We had a reservation at another hotel but called a few days before to see if they had a cancellation. They did, so we booked and cancelled our other reservation. Just a tip: If you are going to stay, join the Starwood Preferred Guest program. The rate was originally $330 and with AAA it was a bit cheaper (I forget the rate exactly) but with SPG it was $215. *This was around the holidays when the prices are rasied*The front desk agent who checked us in, Chie, was very friendly and also gave us recommendations on places to go nearby.Our room was spacious, clean and attractively decorated. There are also nice balconies. Our room overlooked the pool and there as nightly entertainment that we could watch from our room (or downstairs by the pool if you choose!).The hotel is located right in the center of things and there are many restaurants nearby.The ONE thing I didn't like about the hotel was that the pool closed so early (at 6pm!) It would have been nice to be able to have a night swim. Other than than it is GREAT! I really recommend that you stay at this property. We certainly will be staying here next time we are in Waikiki!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tlynch19
<Content>Overall, a very good vallue We stayed at the PK (as the locals call it) from December 10-15th and were generally happy with this hotel. Was it a five star experience? No. But the price was right and the location was great - right accross the street from the beach front hotels (which cost way more). We payed a bit extra to get a room with a high ocean view and were pleased with the view from our lanai. Waikiki is an urban area: there are homeless people, street performers and prostitutes. That's part of the deal. If you want to avoid this, go to Maui. Yes, the hotel buffet was expensive, but this is Hawaii people; everything is expensive! The nice thing about Waikiki compared to some of the quieter islands is that there are so many food options within walking distance you don't have to limit yourself to expensive hotel food. Overall, I would say this hotel was a good value and very well situated.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>HighlyDisappointed
<Content>Stay At Your Own Risk Sheraton Princess Kaiulani needs major overhaul. Room amenities - dilapidated bedding  furniture, musty odor, stained carpet, tacky lighting, broken bathroom tiling  poor drainage, dusty 1950s decor - were very old and outdated. Lack of wall plug-ins. Bathroom very dirty, even after housekeeping. For the price, the room was a rip-off. Location - close to shopping and crowded area of the beach. Also a prime location for obvious prostitution after 10 pm. Hotel staff was more amused with these persons than they were with asking them to relocate themselves. Free, public internet computers, available for 15 minutes at a time, contain viruses, are very slow, and most were out of order. Hotel dining - overpriced buffet - approx. $20 per person breakfast, $40+ per person dinner. Waitresses available by the pool at designated tables if you are willing to wait at least 30 minutes to be acknowledged. Hotel housekeeping lacks nor uses skill or care in cleaning your room around your belongings. If your personal property is accidentally removed from your room by hotel housekeeping, a complete investigation will result in waiting 30 days or more after you have returned home to hear that your items will not be replaced, because the housekeeper said she didn't take it. So after a thorough search of your hotel room and remaining personal property by hotel security, filing reports and collecting affidavits, and making numerous contacts by phone, email, and letter - the hotel does not hold their staff accountable for criminal or accidental loss of your property. By the way, the police department is right across the street for your convenience. Unbelievable! Stay at your own risk.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	2	

<Author>sexyman1234
<Content>don't believe the naysayers! This hotel was wonderful. The hotel staff was very helpful and more than willing to go the next mile to help us. They even provide a hospitality suite to allow travelers who have a late departure flight to freshen up before going to the airport. The lobby was very clean and openly bright, with nightly entertainment. The parking garage charges $15 a day and you can get a parking pass upon sign in and take out the car as many times as you like just paying once. Location, this hotel is ideal, literally a block away from Waikiki beach. ABC store across the street very convenient to pick up any extras you'll need throughout your stay. Also, the International market is right next door. Great staff, great service, we had a fantastic time, would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HolidayWatchdog
<Content>Do NOT stay at this hotel..Its a disappointment This hotel is in desperate need of refurbishment. The first room we were allocated overlooked a car park and was extremely noisy due to a motor located outside. It was also very filthy. We requested another room but were asked to pay 拢180 to do so. The policy here is clearly not to provide customer satisfaction. The second room we were allocated overlooked the pool and was a nicer room. However it was still dirty and old. I was shocked and disappointed by this hotel. Staying here ruined my holiday. I wouldn't recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	3	1	

<Author>LondonDEJ
<Content>Good value - efficient - good location Surprised about some of the negative reviews. The room #2956 could do with some updating, but its decent enough - I've definitely had better 3* rooms in new hotels, but the Kaiulani easily possesses a 3-4* feel in the lobby.Great view from the room (top floor, facing Diamond Head).Good location, and at $185 I'd say it was very good value. Check in was nice - drop the baggage off from the car, park (in their car park), obtain keys within 2 mins, nip to the bar for a cold pint while the missus arrives and the bags get taken to the room.We stayed Thanksgiving night. I'm British, so don't care and didn't even know it was Thanksgiving until 2 days before, but was grateful for the accommodation. We were tired after a long day and needed to eat dinner. I was tempted to order dinner using room service, but there was a disclaimer that said 17-18% service charge would be added to the price. What's that about?? In the end we ate at the Thanksgiving buffet around the pool as we couldn't find anything we fancied nearby. Reasonable food $38 each though, not including any drinks.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mitchmu
<Content>Disgusting, horrible experience, filthy This hotel does not deserve 1 star. It felt like a 1940 soviet era hospital. It has not been renovated since at least that long. The rooms are full of black mold. The service is hostile and rude and disinterested. The place is generally filthy.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Drdonuttail
<Content>Good location, not for resort seekers Overall, for the price, this was a good place to stay. The central location was great with the beach just across the street. Lots of restaurants and shops were adjacent and the short blocks made walking around town quite easy. The public bus and paid trolley stops were nearby. Bus/organized tours picked up right outside the hotel.The pool was only open from 9am-6pm and there was no hot tub to warm up in after swimming at the beach. The hotel itself didn't have a gym, though the sister Sheraton hotel had facilities where you could pay to get in, if you wished. There were some restaurants at the hotel which we did not visit (there are so many around that were less expensive). At 2pm, the hotel offered pineapple carving where you could help yourself to fresh pineapple juice and pineapple slices (delicious) even if you're not a guest, you could stroll in and induldge!. During the day, there were a few vendors selling crafts by the pool.The rooms were small, but very clean. I loved the pillows though I found the mattress a little firm. Our view towards the west wasn't much. Unfortunately, we were located on the 3rd floor which TOTALLY SUCKED BECAUSE IT WAS REALLY NOISY FROM 4AM unti 11PM. The people traffic wasn't bad - the problem was that shuttle buses and tour buses would idle outside on the street picking up passengers. Very annoying. We did ask for a room overlooking the poolside when we checked in, but apparently, they didn't have anything available. Because we wanted two adjacent rooms, we elected to stay where we were. Although some rooms had connecting doors, ours didn't so I guess that we should have requested new rooms on the second day. Oh bother!Hotel summary: good location, clean rooms, nice staff, and good price BUT request rooms towards the poolside and remember that this is not a resort hotel - there's so much to see in Oahu - don't plan to spend much time at the hotel. Go experience Hawaii!Recommended outings: Germaine's luau, Giovanni's shrimp truck, Duck tour - Pearl Harbor, Hanauma Bay, Kailua kayaking, Diamond Head, Happy Trails horseback riding, Waimea Audobon Center (waterfall!), Waikiki Aquarium, Makani Catamaran  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tpleck
<Content>Not Sure I can Add Much to what has been already said. Well, I am not sure I can really add much to what has been already said about the hotel. I was alittle surprised by how small the room was. One of the cabinets is taken up for the frig and the safe, so you were left with very little space to unpack. There are drawers in the closet, but they are quite small. I guess it just was hard to keep the room very tighty with so little storage space. We did have to deal with the noise, but I was so worn out each night, I really did not have any trouble sleeping. What I would really want you to know is, if you are looking for a resort type enviroment, this is not the place for you. It is a hotel and no more. They try by having bands by the pool and bring in vendors to sell hats, jewelry, etc. They also have a few classes such as lei making, but they are in the middle of the day and most people are already out and about. The location is great if you are looking for shopping and yes there does seem to be an ABC Store on every block! The beach is not far and the hotel is great about letting you take their towels from the pool area to the beach. As a Starwood Preferred guest we are suppose to get late check out, when I went to the front desk the day before we left, I was told they were totalled booked and would not get late check out. I called the next morning and was told no problem. This really helped as our flight did not leave until late that night so we were able to visit the beach one last time and really enjoy our last day in Hawaii. I visited with one of the clerks at the Thor store and she told me that Honolulu is not what Hawaii is about, you really need to visit the other islands to get the true aloha spirit. We did take a one day trip to Maui and really enjoyed it. The only down side is the hurry up and wait at the airport. We had to wait over an hour and a half each way at the airport. So, if you are going to shopping, spend alittle time at the beach and site see this hotel will work for you. If you are looking for a laid back, romantic holiday, keeping looking!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>freebyrd97
<Content>So-so accommodations This hotel is below what I'd consider 3 stars for a US hotel. I've been in 3 star hotels in Mexico that were nicer and better equipped than the Princess Kaiulani. The staff are all very nice, but the room was fairly cruddy - all the bathrooms were very old with floors that had very questionable, moldy looking stains in the grout and it was very cramped - if one person is standing up in the room, you'd get claustraphobic just looking in from the doorway. I had to sleep in a room where water dripped from the ceiling onto my head for 2 nights before they felt it was appropriate to move me. The hotel is very conveniently located right across the street from the beach, next to the International Marketplace, but I was almost embarrassed to tell people where I was staying. Bottom line - good location explains the rates, but overall, it's a rundown hotel that you wouldn't expect to find in the hotel zone right along Kalakaua Avenue next to all the expensive, high end retail shops.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>clojoireland
<Content>loved it we have just returned from 15 nights at sheraton princess .we arrived on monday eve travelling from ireland 24hrs..well it was worth every minute to arrive at this beautiful destinitation..the poolside woz torch lit and a local band playing hawaiin music as people dined..very impressed..friendly staff greeted us with ALOHA .a regular occurance. every night music starts at six ,another musician starting at9 till 11.30..the room woz standard size with a small balconey with views of the sea and diamond head .it woz perfect for our requirements as we were out sightseeing during the day or catching the waves on the beautifull Waikiki beach which was literally 2mins walk from hotel.The pool area wos clean and staffed at all times .any amount of towels and beach mats availeable at no charge..they also provided cold face towels to cool down wich i thought was a nice touch.lovly bar menu and reasonably priced.thought breakfast and dinner were a little pricey but there are plenty of other gorgeous restaurants to choose from.I would highly recommend Dukes restaurant, and Shorebird both outrigger hotels.my favourite,beachfront restaurant all you can eat salad bar and steaks ,kebabs chicken and fish entrees that you cook yourself on huge indoor bbq..very fun idea ,with good music .very romantic ..the Big Khauna another good bar food menu,good music and late night bar...the Sheraton had daily lei making, hula dance lessons and pineapple tasting during day also ..room service of linen and towels daily..v.good overall a truely wonderfull experience aand would definitely stay at sheraton again..P.s a sunset cruise is a must...for the true romantics out there.....ALOHA  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>xpok
<Content>Older hotel Used points to get this hotel so couldn't complain about the price. Good location for a place that is not on the beach. Open lobby around the pool with very friendly staff. But overall, this place is a little old. Elevators are musty. Bed was good. We were placed in the main building without a view. There was a taller building that may have been better. Overall, I would recommend this to people looking to save some money who don't want a newer facility. Services were very good however so and it's Waikiki, so don't stay too much in your hotel room anyway...  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	5	3	

<Author>avina
<Content>Good mid-budget hotel       our ocean view  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tanner95
<Content>It Sure Isn't the Marriott!!! I was recently on business in Hawaii and stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani. I was extremely disappointed with the hotel. The room was small, overlooking the International Market on the 19th floor. The noise from the street level kept me up all night, and to my suprise prostitutes gathered outside the hotel enterance each evening. The hotel staff was unwilling to relocate me to a room with less noise, and when I addressed to prostitute issue, I was told we are a full service hotel. Boy, what a image of the Sheraton hotel chain. I'm just glad I didn't have my children with me for this trip.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>MrsC77
<Content>Location, Location, Location My husband and I travelled to Hawaii to celebrate our first wedding anniversary. We travelled from the U.K. and stayed in Vegas for 3 nights before going to Oahu. We were worried after making the booking and reading the reviews. So many people made negative comments. My husband even tried to change the hotel. We had been spoilt by the gllitz and glamour of the hotels Vegas had to offer. I thought our hotel in Hawaii was going to ruin our vacation. However, when we arrived at the Princess we were pleasantly surprised. The front desk were helpful. The rooms were cleaned well. Our room had a pool view. Every evening we would listen to the live Hawaiian music playing downstairs as we got ready to go out. Beautiful !. My husband loved the pineapples that were served to eat or as a juice. This took place daily at 2pm in the lobby. I loved chatting to the local Hawaiian people who came to sell souveniors. The Princess Kaiulani is in a fantastic location. Close to the shops, beach, restuarants. I see what people mean when they compare it to other Sheratons. However, it's good value for money and would suit those who would rather spend their money exploring the island that on a glitzy hotel. Hire a car, go on a submarine trip, climb diamond head. It's a paradise island, and for us was a trip of a lifetime.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>miapia
<Content>Good for the money My husband and I stayed at this Sheraton in the beginning of August. We did stay in the oldest wing. It was in need of updating.When I saw the AC unit I was a little afraid of leaving it on all night. It was that old. But, I must say, the room was large and imaculate. Maybe we just got lucky with housekeeping for the time we were there. I am very particular with cleanliness of rooms! I usually always call the front desk on my first entering a room. The room was very reasonable compared to other hotels in the area. We just came off a 7 day cruise, and wanted to see Oahu because the ship really did not stay any amount of time there. I could not afford to spend a great deal. The location is great . The beach is a block away, and all the good restaraunts are in the area. We went to the Luau at The Royal Hotel. Not to be missed. The staff was great at this hotel. We did not have to leave for the airport until 6:00., 7 hours after check out. We stayed at the hotel, used the pool, had a light supper and then was given the key to the Hospitality Suite where we were able to shower and change. . My experience there was very favorable.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Gamblergirl
<Content>Location is great Just returned from our vacation in Paradise...!!! After reading the reviews, I was afraid that we had booked the wrong hotel. I am very picky but for the price you cannot go wrong. We were on the 10th floor in the Ainahua tower. Room overlooked the pool and ocean. Beautiful view morning and night, I never heard the street noise or music and I am a very light sleeper. Besides, the music is beautiful and you are in Hawaii!!! The room was clean but small but that was okay. The bathroom was small as well and could have been a little cleaner. The bathtub took a little while to drain. Beds/pillows were very comfortable and usually I cannot sleep except in my own bed with my own pillows. There is a refrigerator and a safe. (they did not charge $3.25 a day for safe) No it is not a 5 star but for the price, it is a steal!!!! Everything you needed!!!Hotel staff was helpful and courteous...except for the parking garage staff, they got a little irritated with us,,,we lost our parking pass once and forgot it once,,,not happy with us at all. Oh, well!!Could use a little upgrade but for us PK was excellent choice for the price!! Would stay here again!!Aloha!!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elchang
<Content>good location, okay rooms I stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani with a friend who booked the room using SPG points, so I don't know how much it would have cost, but it seemed to me like a Sheraton would have larger and/or nicer rooms. The bathroom was pretty cramped and I think the beds were doubles rather than queens. The balcony was nice but overlooked the pool so we heard a lot of music which could be good or bad. We didn't mind too much. The location was convenient to Waikiki Beach and to the shopping on Kalakaua Avenue.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Puchalski
<Content>Much Better than Expected The SPK actually was a nice hotel. I had low expectations based on the prior reviews and the cheap price I paid.I booked the cheapest room on the Sheraton website and was upgraded to a partial oceanview on the 23rd floor overlooking the international market. Once the drummers stopped playing around 11pm, the room became very quiet.Check-in was fast, friendly and efficient. All of the staff were very friendly and helpful. The lobby nicer than I expected, very open with a nice breeze. Elevators were a little slow and always packed.We asked the concierge about a nice simple seafood restaurant that wasn't overly expensive and she gave us a few recommendations, none of which were in any of the local Starwood hotels. I'm glad she can give out recommendations that don't include their hotels. We ate at Ocean House and it was great.The pool was nice and not overly crowded. Plenty of towels too.The pool bar wasn't overly exciting, so I went over to the Westin for drinks which was the best place go for happy hour.The breakfast buffet was overpriced at $22. We ate at Duke's instead for $15 and got an ocean view.The location was perfect. The beach was across the street. Tons of restaurants and bars very close the hotel. Hertz car rental was across the street too.The only problem we had with the hotel, was that I was supposed to have champagne and a cheese plate in my room when I arrived and it wasn't there. They delivered it much later, which ruined the whole point of having it.Overall, I would definitely stay there again for $125 a night.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>smlworldtraveler
<Content>Decent hotel, great location The hotel is right across from the Moana Surfrider and Waikiki beach. You can't check in until after 3pm and there is no valet parking. You have to park your car around the corner at the parking garage located behind the hotel, cost is $15 per day. Make sure you get your parking validation ticket as soon as you check in! We didn't know about that and had to pay $9 for parking our car in the garage for 3 hours and it was the lady at the parking garage who told us about the valdiation slip. We had asked for a Deluxe Ocean View and got a room at the top floor (11th) with an awesome view of the ocean. They have live entertainment around the pool area from about 7pm to 9:30pm and if you stay in the wing facing Waikiki beach and Kalakua road, you could enjoy the entertainment from your balcony with some snacks. Our room was very spacious with two ceilign fans to keep you cool and the Air conditioner on low to save energy. The bathroom was a little small and on our first night there was a littel trouble with the hot water, some yellowish water was coming out. But I think that was because we were in the old wing and it took the pipes a while to work. The next morning all was well and the hot water was spewing out clear water. The water pressure on the shower was good.There are plenty of ABC stores around you. International Market is like a two minute walk from the pool area and the Royal Hawaiian center was right across the street. This hotel has a great location and is not as heavily priced as the other Sheraton hotels around Waikiki.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>AmerTurk
<Content>Best Service by the staff (Dennis) he was most helpful They were very nice and perfect customer service.I can not say it better wayI will stayy in this hotel again.clean and perfect location.Mr. Dennis was fantastic. he is very nice man, helped us every way he can to make sure we are happy.Takim family  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>petest50
<Content>Great Stay With My Family. I stayed with my family over July 4th. We needed 3 rooms all with double beds. Our reservations were accurate. Check in was fast, friendly, and efficient. The rooms were clean and well maintained. They were not fancy. The furniture showed some signs of wear. The TV s were small but worked and had many channels to chose from. We were in the tower with an ocean view.The location is great, right across the street from the beach. Guests are allowed to use all the facilities at the Sheraton Waikiki, the Westin Moana Surfrider, and the Royal Hawaiian including the pools.The best part. The price is usually less than half the price of the other 3 hotels. There are many off property reasonably priced restaurants within a block or two. There are many shopping opportunities ranging from designer to market stalls.When traveling with a group or family, we would stay here again. If we wanted to splurge, we would stay across the street at one of the other properties.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sebanelli
<Content>Great hotel! Booked a high ocean view room on the 22nd floor which was very quiet, clean, comfortable and with an absolutely stunning view of the beachfront, the hills and beyond. This was our first trip to Hawaii and I would strongly recommend the SPK as a great value place to stay. Our room also overlooked the pool area and strip. Although it can get a little noisy with the floorshow and street performers (we were seranaded by some idiot with a set of bongo drums for two night!), things quieten down before it gets late. Indeed, the breathtaking views from your balcony more than compensate and we spent many hours just drinking the atmosphere in.The check-in and lobby staff are very courteous and helpful and the whole ground floor and pool area have a very cool, relaxed and luxurious feel about it, even though it does get VERY busy!Didn't eat in at the hotel, mainly bacuse there's so many great places to eat right outside the hotel door.Would I stay there agin? Absolutely! Hopefully before too long aswell.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mesker
<Content>Lovely Hotel Really nice hotel, great service and great views. Also great perk that you are allowed to use the pool in the other Sheraton Hotel which is located accross the road, on the beach.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>hibiscus41
<Content>Great Location in need of updates The price was excellent but the rooms were dirty and in need of renovations. The cleaning person must have cut themselves and didn't notice the blood that was left in the bathroom and on the sheets it took quite a ong time to get someone upto the room to address the situation. THey just handed us sheets and told us to change them ourselves. After a 20 hour trip I was not happy would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>FL87
<Content>Nice view perfect location We have stayed 5 nights in middle of May. Hotel was nicer than my expectation. We got high ocean view 20 some floor and we could see diamond head, and ocean.Hotel room looked new and bathroom was good size. ( not like other people were saying )Location was perfect. We paid $127/night through expedia, and for the money could not do any better. I will stay here again, and recommend to others.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Toadman
<Content>Not a bad hotel Just returned from a memorial weekend trip to Ohau. We had a five night stay and overall had no major complaints. The lower floors can get street noise if you are facing the street, which we were. We were on the fourth floor Kaiulani Wing. This faces the King Shops. The pool as are all the pools that we saw along the hotels in Waikiki is rather small for the size of this hotel but when you have such a great beach right across the street who wants a pool?We used the safe on a few occassions and were not charged for it at check-out. It's says on the safe that they charge $3.50/day. The large lanai was nice. There was an empty fridge in the room, which we filled with water/drinks from the ABC store. Our room was right above the parking area for the tour buses so we were awoken each morning to the sound of diesel bus enigines. The hotel is showing its age. The elevators in our wing broke one day while we were there and I had a steel tube from the sink drop on to my foot, causing a large cut that bled profusely. The hotel staff is friendly and overall the value and location of this hotel makes it a good deal for people looking for a decent and clean place to stay on Waikiki with out paying the higher prices for the location. We'd stay hear again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	5	5	

<Author>sk84fungirl
<Content>Awesome location!       standard room  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>melmarWisconsin
<Content>Would stay here again We had a high ocean view room. We booked with a web special of 65% off. We were on the 19th floor, excellent view over the top of the hotel across the street on the beach. Our balcony overlooked the pool area, straight out was Waikiki beach and the ocean. The hotel could use some updating, it is showing it's age. Overall, it was a very good deal for the price.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Expectations2007
<Content>Okay Hotel Can Not Guarentee Room Type We chose to stay here for one night on the first night of our honeymoon before heading off to another island. I usually would book on priceline or similar, but wanted to guarentee a king bed in a non-smoking room for our honeymoon so booked directly through the website. Unfortunately, when we arrived they had said they were upgrading us, but it was to a room with 2 double beds... We called and requested the non-smoking king and they only had one room that was lower than that which we booked and could only find it when I told them we would not stay there... Once checked into the lowest class room (not even avail online) it was okay - but there was hair on the bathroom sink and the hallway smelled of mildew.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>AMuller396
<Content>Better than Expected          View from the balcony  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>sazer1
<Content>Location, Location,and, well, not much else. If your idea of a hotel in paradise is a business, group/convention oriented, fast-paced hotel that is tired, run down and in great need of renovations, stay here. Otherwise, do the right thing and choose another Starwood property. The only reason to stay here is because you can't afford the rates or the points for a better property (i.e. Royal Hawaiian, Moana, Sheraton Waikiki or W). My partner described the noise level of this hotel as 'metropolis.' I have stayed in much quieter hotels in downtown Manhattan. All night we heard trash trucks and sirens and traffic and harleys. I think the issue is that the hotel has no sound insulation at all. Many street performers gather in front of the hotel area at night, and they can bang on drums until late into the evening which will keep the entire hotel awake. The elevators are painfully slow and small. The rooms are old and tired. They don't have Sheraton sweet sleaper beds here, and they do very little in my opinion to cater to Starwood Platinum members here, including a marginal upgrade and not allowing a late checkout. Every other hotel we went to made this place seem like a Best Western. When you call to complain (i.e., the maid never brought more towels an hour after calling the service promise desk), they really don't seem to care much. The hotel lobby itself always seems to smell like raw fish and moldy carpet. I was embarrassed I booked this hotel and encourage you to look elsewhere unless you are OK with 3-star standards and a lot of noise. This is not the Hawaii you see on the postcards...  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	3	

<Author>FrequentFrier
<Content>Good location and smooth service I stayed for one night in a room at the back on a low floor, and was reasonably impressed. Check in was smooth. The room was clean, quiet and well airconditioned, with two double beds and a very functional bathroom. The lobby and pool area are great, and the evening show is pleasant. The cooking smells could be better, at least the evening I was there - but I cannot comment on the food as I ate on the plane. Being a big hotel, everything is fairly busy - but the crowd seemed well behaved. Outside on the street in the evening they should ask the Waikiki police (just opposite) to move the ladies of the night away. Waikiki has families strolling by in the evening and could do without this problem.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cicitrvlr
<Content>Mixed review - the good the bad the ugly I need to caveat this by explaining that I live in a hotel 300 days per year, and I am kind of a hotel snob. This Sheraton was ok - definitely not the type of Sheraton I am used to - i.e. no sweet sleeper bed (bed was uncomfortable, pillows were lumpy and the comforter was a scratchy, thin spread popular with motels), no soft towels, not renovated - but it was clean, simple and a good value. I actually stayed there on Starwood Points and it was only 7,000 points per night - not bad since the other Sheratons nearby were 12,000 per night and up. The staff was friendly, the location was good (right next to a ABC store, a few restaurants, and the International Marketplace) and I rented a car so I could escape Waikiki when the tourists got overwhelming. There were a lot of tour groups and school trips there, which got a little tiresome (MUST you scream to your friends down the hallway at 3am??) but overall - good value for the price, and it doesn't promise a 5 star experience, so I knew what I was in for.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>Danni_LM_55
<Content>Disappointed. Hotel in need of renovations. Disappointed is probably the best word for this particular Sheraton. When you think Sheraton you expect a classy and luxurious hotel. Bad News:The lobby is nice but the hallways are dingy. Not really dirty but just old and in need of new paint and lighting.The rooms are pretty much the same. Dingy. The bathroom tile was fading and chipping. The hot water and air conditioning did not seem to work that well either. The view was nice. We had a particial ocean view and we could see the Sheraton Moana Surfrider which is across the street and magnificent.The location of the hotel is great since it is in the heart of Waikiki. I think with so many hotel options in Oahu, I would not pay more that $120 a night to stay here.The only real grip I have with the Princess are the elevators. There are only four elevators for the tower wing. The day we were checking out we waited 25 minutes before we able to get onto an elevator with our luggage. The elevators are slow and small and usually crowded. If you do stay at the princess plan a little extra elevator wait time.Good News:I read in the paper that the Princess is slated for renovations but probably will not happen anytime soon.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	3	2	

<Author>mxtang
<Content>Excellent Location, Great Value!! We were very pleased with our hotel stay here. The location can't be beat. Waikiki is the best place within Oahu to stay in. Everything is so close and convenient. Buses run everywhere.First off the location of this hotel was great because: we were among the first people to get off the shuttle from the airport and last people to be picked up. Nothing worst than taking a shuttle and be last to be dropped off or first to be picked up. If you have a car rental or can take a taxi then great for you but I'm sure most people would like to save where they can. Bad thing about car rental is that you have to pay for parking which can be expensive!Check in and out was quick. Wasn't a long line at all. People weren't bubbly but friendly. They had free internet access downstairs and 3 different FREE newspapers! SWEET!!Our room was on the eighth floor. Room was fairly small, not that much longer than the bed but they did have a full size mirror which made it longer and a nice balcony. AC was a bit noisy, not horrible but definitely not one of your quiet newer models. We didn't lose any sleep due to that though.Room was clean and fairly well kept. Our tub's drainage was a bit slow though. I find that's an issue in quite a few hotels.The concierge were helpful. The buffet they offered was a bit expensive. I wouldn't recommend unless it's a Friday when they offer lobster and steak for $3 more than normal. That would be a great value but we didn't stay there long enough for that.Beach, shopping, food all nearby. Don't try the local food places. They are either small in size or lacking in quality. If you see a small price, know what you're getting. I would stay with the more established and well known. We love Denny's for breakfast. You can take the bus to almost everywhere but make sure you know when they start running for certain lines.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>sunloverYorkshire
<Content>dissapointed Dissapointed Very!!! Having just spent 6 nights at bellagio vegas did,nt help but ,felt the hotel was old in bad need of refurbish,dining well you ate with the birds don't leave your table unatendedhave had better hotels for less money!! really its a case of what you want luxury or just a place to sleep,at least you got a tea  coffee Maker thats one good point for them.But Bathroom well its not a bath a shower and bath for diddy people!!!Won't Stay there again. But Hawaii is a wonderful place weather is great thats why wakkiki is so popular. plenty of trips to go on culture centre is a must a well spent day.Pearl Harbour is another must you have to go we went on the early trip 3 hours all in all.Restaurant you have to go to atlantas food is excellent so is the service prices very reasonable.The revolving restaurant few doors down from atlantas well al a Carte food not impressed the restaurant is okey but service  food expensive,those into shopping go to the outlet cheap!! and macy's anywhere in america great!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Canadiantravels
<Content>Great price for the location We stayed in Honolulu for one night in February. Since it was just a one night stay before heading back home, we weren't looking for an expensive hotel. Most of the hotels in Honolulu seemed to be older so we weren't expecting too much. The hotel is situated at a great location - just across from the beach (but not on the beach itself). But it does have a very nice swimming pool and is relatively less crowded than Wikiki beach on a nice day. From the airport, you can take a shuttle to the hotel for US$9 per person (contact the hotel to arrange a pick up time) or a taxi wlll cost about US$40 depending on traffic. There are lots of restauants and shops just along the strip so you won't have a problem finding places to go. The only negative about the hotel is that they have a live band who plays at night till about 9:30 or 10pm, which can be heard on the floors above (we were on the 22nd floor), but you can request a room on the other side of building if you wanted a quieter room. A great price (US$144) for the location if you're not looking for anything fancy.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>lindaf1967
<Content>WONDERFUL!! Don't let other reviews scare you away!!       View from our room  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cookmonger
<Content>No Complaints Here We were scared off by the reviews, but wanted to try it because of its value. Surprisingly the hotel is very nice, 3-star hotel. Obviously there were some room for improvements (the carpet was old, the hallways were old as well), but the room was manageable (it was a little small, but since we weren't there much except to sleep, it made no difference to us). The location is extremely convenient. It's across the street from the ABC store, as well as the King Street Shopping. There were plenty of things to keep you entertained at the hotel (live band nightly by the pool, and music going on 'til 11 pm most weekends). It's about a block and a half from Waikiki Beach, so the location is just top notch, without having to pay too much for it. We were located on the 4th floor, with views of the street (no pool view, no ocean view), and it was fine. I think there were other reviews complaining of the noise/music, but when you're in Hawaii, nothing less should be expected than some occasional street performers, and people walking late at night. Besides, the shops are open late (usually 11pm or later), so it's expected to hear the cabs, cars, and pedestrians mingling about.All in all, if on a budget (~$150 or less per night), this is the perfect choice.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>GTM71
<Content>Go elsewhere Booked 2 rooms via online special. Arrived on-time for check-in to be told (rudely) that even though we pre-paid they had only 1 room for us and were refunding us for the other room. After complaining and arguing, the manager fixed the problem and we got our 2 rooms (not together like we had requested). The rooms are average at best, not well maintained and very dated (at least in our wing). We were specifically told by the concierge to visit a snorkeling beach on a day when the beach was closed. We wasted 3 hours of our trip getting ready for the snorkeling beach and waiting for a bus. Despite being given bad information, we were only given our $5 busfare back. We used their computers in the lobby area only to be rudely requested to get off the computers after 5-10 minutes when we were simply checking in for our flights home. We refused to let someone else use the computer until we were finished and were requested by the concierge to get up from them (they have a voluntary -- please limit use to 15 minutes as a courtesy to other guests policy). We felt we were treated rudely as paying guests. We would not stay at the hotel again. Its location is nice, but there are several other hotels in similar locations -- pick one of them before the Sheraton Princess... Housekeeping was friendly. The rate we got was decent. The level of unneeded stress and waste during our vacation was not worth any amount of savings, however.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>Mrs._Lavender
<Content>Would stay there again definitely! We booked our package thru Costco. The rep my husband spoke with recommended this hotel. Friendly staff, nice lobby, clean rooms and comfy beds. Our kids loved it too. One of the few hotels in Waikiki that has a pool. Very close to the beach, International Market and restaurants. Would definitely stay at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani again!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>amilu
<Content>Great location! Great location in the heart of Waikiki Beach! The main busy stretch of the beach is directly across the street. The hotel was clean and very well maintained for its age. It looks like a throw back from the 50's. They have a stage by the pool for lounge acts which perform nightly (some better than others). Our deck overlooked the pool and the ocean which was nice once the sun went down. We went to the ABC store (located on every block) and bought a bottle of wine to enjoy during the sunset on our deck alone (away from the throngs of people everywhere but still watching all the action). There isn't anything fancy about the hotel but the location and price were perfect ($126/night for an ocean view). The breakfast buffet was reasonable ($19) for the convenience of not leaving the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>oversixtyNRH
<Content>Street noise 'till 1 AM The view of the ocean  the Royal Hawaiian from the 22nd floor were great.Being next to the international market place is a draw back... the street drummers played non-stop until 1AM  the hotel could not (would not??) do anything about it.Will not stay here again. oversixtynrh  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Some_Led
<Content>Perfect Choice 鈥淭he Princess K鈥?was the perfect place for us to spend two pre-cruise days in Honolulu. We initially were hesitant when we decided to make our reservation at The Princess Kaiulani. Even after reading all the reviews of this and other hotels posted on Trip Advisor we weren鈥檛 sure how to weigh each. We finally figured, for two nights we could handle anything.There was no need for hesitation or concern. From the moment our airport shuttle pulled up to the hotel we were embraced by what we considered to be the Aloha feeling of old Hawaii. The beautiful garden and tropical causal elegance of the lobby made it the ideal place to people watch. The room was a standard American style three star hotel room, clean, comfortable and practical. It was the ideal place to use as a base of operations for avid sightseers as we were who weren鈥檛 planning on spending a lot of time in the room. Located on the 5th floor we had a view of the pool, and a sliver of the ocean and in the evenings with the doors open to sitting out on the small balcony balcony you could hear the gentle strains of the Hawaiian music played by the small combo in the cortyard below until about 9:30 in the evening. In our exploration of the area we discovered some of the other three star hotel options we had considered, and were glad we made the choice we did. We will definitely stay here again, hopefully for a longer next time.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Dubz4sho
<Content>It was perfect - wouldn't change a thing! This was our first time to Hawaii - so it would take a lot to have really made it a bad experience. The hotel lobby and hotel was very nice - however the rooms were probably a bit dated and small. The cool thing is that we spent most of your time on the beach or walking around - driving around... so that didn't bother us at all.Overall - I think the hotel was awesome as far as location - just across the street from Waikiki Beach. The cool thing is that you do not have to pay the price of the beachside hotels - yet you get almost the same exact thing - location wise.I would not hesitate booking this hotel again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Fun_Time_Traveler
<Content>Good Hotel We liked the Sheraton Princess. It's not a bad distance to the beach and it's a lot more cost effective than the beachfront properties. They have evening entertainment. The only drawback is that the parking lot is kind of hard to find your way around and they let people attending the entertainment park there, so there's not much room for the guests. But, at least it doesn't cost an arm and a leg like the valet parking across the street. The elevators are a little slow.I would definately stay there again!!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eyeluv2Travel
<Content>Excellent Location  The location of this hotel is PRIME in Waikiki, well ok for not being beachfront!The rooms were clean and the staff were friendly. The maids and the concierge desk was most helpful.Don't eat there... too many great places just down the street that are more reasonably priced. Had one breakfast there, and it was ok, but real pricey.The location was the great part, right on the main drag, with lots of shops and restaraunts in walking distance.Stayed in the tower that faces the pool (and the nightly music). It was nice to sit on the blacony and watch. It was loud if you wanted to sleep by 9pm. But it ended early enough that it was more of a bonus than a hinderance.The internet access in the lobby (free) was great.I would stay here again if I went back to Waikiki - and couldn't get a beachfront property!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cartlady
<Content>Poor Service; badly maintained Checked in and asked for non-smoking; rude desk clerk said all floors were non smoking now. Next day smelled smoke, called front desk, they said I was put on a Smoking floor, guests can smoke in rooms! This is not a real Sheraton (no nice beds), in fact, bed is as old as the Hotel; room smelled of mildew; old and noisy A/C.My room had stopped up tub/shower, was not fixed in 4 days. Had to repeatedly ask for coffee service to be replenished.For this price, stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>rob_hanson1979
<Content>dated but a wonderful location       Hotel Sign in Garden  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>jetset007
<Content>Not the Typical Sheraton As a Starwood Gold Member, I received a 35% off offer in the mail from SPG. I made a reservation for 9 days at the Princess Kaiulani at a rate of $153 per night. I requested an upgrade to the Ainahua tower via email and phone calls directly to the hotel. Upon arrival, I was upgraded to the Princess Tower - which is NOT your typical Sheraton room (old furniture, carpet and small bathroom  tub with old fixtures). The only positive comment about Room 536 was that it was a corner room with a nice lanai facing the beach. Unfortunately, the room did NOT offer the Sheraton Sweet Sleeper bed, even though the website references same. I learned the lesser of all towers is the Kaiulani Tower - I would NEVER have stayed in that old tower. Apparently, I was upgraded from the Kaiulani tower to the Princess tower (2 upgrades) as a SPG gold member; however, I was not impressed. After the third day, I was finally upgraded to the Ainahua Tower (as originally requested) to Room 2856 - with an awesome view of Waikiki Beach. This tower and room is more like the Sheraton you are accustomed. Definitely avoid the other two towers. Unfortunately, the front desk will not inform you as to which tower until check in; or you may call late the morning of arrival to determine same. Otherwise, the entire staff was friendly and accommodating. The negative reviews about this hotel are apparently comments from guests who had rooms in the older two towers. Again, not your typical Sheraton. Also, the pool is adjacent to the lobby, restaurant/bar area with live nightly entertainment and lots of tourists - thus, no privacy or quiet pool area. Aloha!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SydneyHappyholiday
<Content>Great place to stay       looking from our room  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dms11364
<Content>Very suitable mid-priced property Stay: 5N, Jan 15 to 20, 2007Room: Small but clean and well maintained. Our terrace had little peeks of the ocean and mountains but primarily overlooked other high rises. They consider this a partial ocean view room.Property: Pleasant open air lobby. Comfortable pool area with small swimming pool located in palm treed court with access main street and Waikiki Beach (short one block walk to newly restored public beach or use the Sheraton Moana Surfrider directly across the street). Service: Excellent. Room service was quite prompt in bringing extra towels to our room. Front desk staff were friendly and courteous. No problems at all. Restaurants: No need to eat at the hotel and pay expensive hotel prices. (Breakfast buffet $19.95 per person, ugh! There's a Denny's around the corner on Kuhio Av.) There are plenty of restaurants in the area just begging for your business.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WormyLu
<Content>More negatives , than positives I'm not going to tell you the room was small because it was fine.We were in a partial ocean view room in the tallest tower. The view was more than one would expect for a partial view.The cleaning staff was wonderful and kept our room fully stocked and clean.I had to deal with 4 different people at the front desk for various reasons, 2 of them were wonderful, 1 was indifferent and 1 needed aninclusion intervention.I also spoke to the manager on duty about an ugly incident with another hotel guest (who threw papers at me) and his handling of the situation was not satisfactory!The biggest negative about this hotel and I guess the location of our room was #1 garbage pickup across the street at the Outrigger an Surfrider.5AM for almost 2 and sometimes 3 HOURS come on now!!! EverydayBEP BEEP BEEP CRUNCH CRUNCH CRUNCH!!!#2 Street entertainment, great, but Drummers not 1, but 3 different drummers doing there own thing until 11pm. Every night!I understand that neither of these issues can be controlled by the Hotel, but need to be known by those thinking of booking this Hotel. I think I'll return to The Reef .  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	2	4	1	

<Author>Guysfo
<Content>Terrible Experience at Sheraton Princess Kaiulani I stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani for a family vacation and my entire family and I ate at their dinner buffet (Pikake Terrace) the first night. I don鈥檛 recommend going there at all. At $32.50/person, it鈥檚 not only the variety was very limited and the only expensive item - sashimi was always out. Also, the parking structure was terrible. There鈥檚 a lot of one ways but you couldn鈥檛 really see those signs so I ended up having to back up several times in the tight garage. The rooms, too, are horrible. The Kaiulani Wing is extremely old (STAY AWAY FROM THIS WING AT ANY COST) and the Princess Wing is loud until 10:30 PM due to the nightly performances.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>sven1948
<Content>Came Back for a Second Stay       Pool Area  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Vizzy
<Content>Not all that it is cracked up to be. I definitely think that there are much better places to stay at the same price level on Waikiki Beach. It is a very nice hotel, but the food is less than impressive and the pool area was very small. Service was decent and rooms were clean, but I disagree with the three star rating.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>Ham-512
<Content>The lobby is not like the room!!!       View from balcony  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	3	2	3	

<Author>dreamk
<Content>Pretty good for the price       The beds  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lindseyinchino7
<Content>blessed to have stayed at the sheraton princess kaiulani I have traveled to honolulu for the past 22 years sometimes two and three times a year, i have afforded many hotels on the island fromt the south shore to the north shore. and have had the pleasure to experience the sheraton princess kaiulani on more than 10 occassions,I love this place because it invites you to share their hospitality very similar to what we all refer to as home i enjoy lying out by the pool for hours at a time so that i could return back to los angeles with that yearly tropical tan. i also enjoy the nightly entertainment, i personally find their mai-tai to be the best in oahu, and trust me iv'e looked for the best in the last 22 years. i also enjoy their buffetts, they offer a bit more than the usual. the staff are exceptionally welcoming and are always ready to accomadate you.i most love the flowers and jewlery they are known to sell in the lobby, i met the nicest man there one year named brownie, i remember him because when we met even after i told him my name was teresa he insisted on calling me sis i felt like family.i will be staying at the princess in january 12 2007-19 2007, i have chosen this place to celebrate my 44th birthday with my new love. i'm looking forward to it. sincerly, teresa lindsey.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patinseatt
<Content>GO while you still can Location, location, location. That about sums up the true strong point of this hotel. Magnificently located just steps from the beach this hotel offers a center of everything location in Waikiki. Travelling with a friend, we were fortunate to get a room in the newer, tallest building in the 3 tower hotel complex. Our room, on the 29th floor, had a spectacular view of the ocean. The room itself was fair-sized and well kept with a terrific balcony overlooking the beach. The hotel itself looks a bit tired and we have since learned that the other 2 towers are scheduled to be torn down and replaced with condos, while the building we stayed in will be closed, renovated, and reopened as a more luxurious property.Even though this in not the Ritz, I heartily recommend staying here while you can, since at the rate we paid (less than 50% of the rate for a similar room at the nearby, bigger Sheraton hotel) is, all things considered, an absolute bargain. GO while you can and enjoy Waikiki while there is still an affordable quality hotel there. Soon they'll all be replaced by much more expensive luxury properties.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JuzzyBear
<Content>Sydney, Australia We have stayed in Waikiki several times but this is the 1st time at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani, we arrived at 10.30am  were greeted by friendly staff  also given a room upgrade to a Ocean View Room on the 24th floor which was ready at this early check in time. My husband  I were in Hawaii celebrating our 10 yr anniversary  was very pleased with the all round appearance of the hotel, very central to all areas of waikiki. We enjoyed the free nightly entertainment. I have read previous reviews about the noise of the area, to those who want peace  quiet go to another Island. The cost of the Buffet was a bit pricey, you can go around the corner to Smorgy for $20 less, or across the road to Dukes Buffet which is directly on the beach, Don't call direct to another Country from your Hotel Room or it will cost you $$. We will be staying here again next year.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>LC20016
<Content>Great Value at Princess Kaiulani This hotel is terrific value offering all of the advantages of its more expensive sister Sheraton Hotels across the street, without thehigher costs. The hotel room was nicely furnished with 2 double beds and a sitting area with a balcony. If you can, get a roomon the 8th or 9th floor directly overlooking the Sheraton MoanaSurfrider across the street, which also affords a gorgeous oceanview and lovely scene at night with the torch lights illuminatingthe pool area and the hotel across the street. Very clean, first class hotel has delicious food, reasonably priced at the poolside lounge restaurant. Friendly, efficient staff are eager to meet your needs.It was easy to walk across the street and visit the Royal Hawaiian Hotel and the Moana Surfrider and the Sheraton Waikiki, and to charge any drink or beverage bill to the room at the Princess Kaiulani. Hint: the room's hair dryer is in the drawer of the TV armoire. All in all, an excellent first class hotel option in the heart of Waikiki within a few steps to Waikiki beach and the excellent shopping of Kalakuai Avenue.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>656565
<Content>Sheraton Princess was quite nice, after reading all the terrible reviews! We stayed in the newest tower (Ainhau) in a corner High Ocean View, 12th floor. Of course having a corner room  even number (1262) probably made a difference. We are well-traveled, have been to several all-inclusive resorts  many cruises. We were in Oahu for my nephews wedding, our sister  brother-in-law (Nashville, TN.)  cousins(Paris, France) also stayed here. We were all pleased! The Lobby areas  Pool area were very nice, always a lounge chair at the pool. Pool bar frozen drinks were close to $8.00, but hey your on VACATION. We did not do the breakfast or evening buffets $20-$30 per person, though the presentations were very nice  food smelled delicious. We walked across the street to the Outrigger Hotel  had breakfast at Hula Grill ($7  up) gorgeous ocean view. Dukes at Outrigger had a buffet brkfst. for $12 0r $13 . These are both good  reasonable for all 3 meals. Our room was fine, you could hear the traffic noise below  nightly entertainment, but keep in mind your in downtown Honolulu in the center of Waikiki Beach. The noise didn't interfere with our naps or nightly rest. Our room was a fair size, bathroom clean  functional, a/c kept us cool. This hotel was built in the 50's  60's, so everything isn't perfect, but then our home is only 6yrs. old  it's not PERFECT anymore either. If your a perfectionist, maybe you'd rather pay $100 -$200 or more a night  stay at the Hilton Hawaiin Village where we stayed previously . The Sheraton Princess is in a great location for walking everywhere!! Beach just across the street, International Market Place for South Pacific Jewelry, if you go later at night they will give you better deals, just keep talking them down. We also walked in the other wings of the hotel, out of curiosity after reading all the horrible reviews, they looked fine from what we saw, balconies may have been somewhat smaller. You can't beat this hotel for the price. PLEASED GUESTS from Atlanta, GA.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>cathleenesarra
<Content>It matched the price My best friend and I spent 4 nights here. The hotel was nice. In an amazing location, right across from Waikiki beach, and right next door to the International Market Place. They had free entertainment each night and the rooms were decent. Nothing fancy by any means, but the view from the 28th floor was amazing!We both felt that for what we had paid, we got what we paid for. The price was moderate and the room was moderate. Have to pay for internet access and the buffets (at least I thought) were pricey. I just would think that as hotel guests, at least a discount would be offered for a buffet with eggs and the usual nonsense. The staff however, was always friendly and very helpful.Overall an ok place to stay, and would do so again if the circumstances required it.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>kadiver
<Content>Dirty, icky - Not what I expected My husband and I stayed at the Princess Kaiulani for 2 nights and it was too long for me. When we checked in, after an 8 hour flight, I was welcomed to our upgraded room with urine on the toilet seat. Oh yes, it was upgraded apparently because we were able to see the upper deck of the parking garage. After my husband called the front desk to notify them of the situation, we were promptly relocated to another room (that hadn't been used since the 70's because it was outdated and icky)! When I finally got to use the restroom, as there was no urine on this toilet seat this time, I noticed there was a used bar of soap on the sink and a wadded up wash cloth on the side of the sink (obviously the room had been used since the 70's, but maybe for just 7 minutes). We called again and not only demanded a new room, but a better room this time. We were told they were completely full and would not be able to move us until other guests began checking out the next day. Well, they finally moved us to a king-size, ocean view room the following day and it was a little better (still very outdated). I just couldn't believe it took that much feedback from us to finally get them to do something. After our experience at the Princess Kaiulani, we will never stay at a Sheraton again and I wouldn't recommend this hotel to anyone!  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>cemden
<Content>The only hotel to stay at in Waikiki Great hotel on Waikiki. I have stayed here in 1983, 1985, 1995, 2005, and now am planning 2 weeks in May 2007. I have read most of the review found of this website, and I find some of them to be very unfair. I have never been disappointed in my room or the hotel. I do not stay at low end hotels. I do not accept the argument that you only spend a few hours in a room, so why pay more. I enjoy a nice, new room, with all the amenities. I have stayed at the Sheraton Surf rider, the Sheraton Waikiki, Hilton Rainbow. I find the Princess Kai to be of equal quality in terms of the rooms, but a better price because it is across the streetEvery morning for 2 weeks, I pick up breakfast at the Princess Kai food court, carry it across the street, and sit in the pool area facing the beach at the Sheraton Moana-Surfrider. I have never been turned away by other Sheraton Hotels staff. I normally spend about 2 hours eating, reading the newspaper or a book, and enjoy the view of Diamond Head. I usually go in low season, and after making reservations online, I check them over and over again. Every time I find a lower price, I change it. In Oct 2005, I paid an average of $123 per night (incl 5th night free offer). Those that complain about the price, are not very good shoppers. I have never seen any part of the hotel in disrepair. The walls are not paper-thin. I paid for a partial ocean view, and recived a great view of Diamond Head, and ocean. I did not have to hang over the balcony rail with some one holding my feet to see the ocean or Diamond Hear. I enjoy the music from the pool area every night. The music is loud, but isn't that why you go to Hawaii?There is no better value on Waikiki Beach. The walk from the lobby to the street to the pool/beach at the Moana-Surfrider is short- less than 3-4 minutes if you have to wait for the traffic light. One of the things I like most about the Princess Kai is that it is not one of those hotel that have 15 min walk to the street. Shop for the price, and enjoy the Princess Kai.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>grandpajoe
<Content>Loved the hotel We arrived at the hotel, were well taken care of by the Hotel staff. The room faced the pool, and the music at night. We also used the facilities at the other Sheratons. (Beach.) The room was adquate, had all the amenities. The room was nice and clean. We also liked the fact that the hotel had one of the best shows on the beach. We would go back to the hotel again and again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smithmiddlefield
<Content>Don't waste your money We spent 4 days here in August 2006, and wished we had gone elsewhere. Please when booking this hotel don't buy a room that states high escape ocean view. This is just a con by the tour operators. I found 1 room that had a view of the sea and all the other hotels in front. The rooms were nothing special, which dissapointed me as we had paid a lot of money for this hotel. Upon arrival we joined the masses! and queued. I was given a room with a balcony , but no sea view , you had to lean over the balcony and looked into everyone elses balcony if you were that lucky. I complained and was relocated to another room which had a sea view.( You can see a few palm trees and a bit of the sea)The room rate did not include breakfast which did annoy me. Everything at this hotel seems to be 'EXTRA', if you want to use the gym it costs, the safe in the room costs, parking costs $15 day. But the main factor was the noise. Every night there was karoke or another form of entertainment going on near the hotel and the noise travelled. We were awake until 2 am most nights and as a result got up later the next day. When checking out we were able to leave our bags and use the hotel pool, there was also a room to have a shower in before the flight. I would not stay here again and i would definately not recommend this hotel, there are other hotels which offer a better choice. Do not go for the brand name sheraton as i feel this is not a sheraton hotel with the standards i would expect. i prefered Aqual Palms with a 15 min walk to wakiki centre.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dentex200
<Content>Eighth floor view was great but... there were a couple of complaints. Yes, the walls are paper-thin and the baby next door was cranky. The sound from the nightly music by the pool floating up into the room was a treat at first, but when you're tired, you get out the ear plugs. The internet availability was limited to the lobby area, I couldn't send my pictures home easily. Workers were re-vamping some of the rooms on my floor, so no nap before the luau evening.The hotel was beautiful and the personnel very helpful, especially the concierge desk. The porters were extra nice. So, overall, my experience at this hotel gave me a good vacation.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	4	2	

<Author>billsheea
<Content>misleading this is my third year staying at the princess kaiulani. its a very nice place, they have a nice buffet every night, theres free entertainment every night, many positives with this hotel. the reason im writing this review is to advise that the sheraton advertising point of stay at one, play at all is false advertising. i heard it from the sheraton reservationist, the hotel tv channel, and its on the back of the sand chairs the princess kauilani gives out. nevertheless, when my wife and i attempted to sit on two lounge chairs at the sheraton moana surfrider, we were told we had get up by a very agressive cabana girl. and this when there many empty chairs. i did call the sheraton customer service # and they said the manager would call me, but of course no call was forthcoming.  so, enjoy the princess kauilani, but dont expect anything from the other sheratons across the street.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peteandshirl
<Content>Wonderful time Stayed here for four nights following NCL cruise on Pride of Aloha. Hotel is in a good situation and was very friendly. We were on 7th floor in Princess Tower overlooking pool. Room was clean and tidy and the complimentary bottle of champagne to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary was a lovely touch.The food was excellent. We are not well travelled people but I can honestly say I have no complaints about the hotel at all.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kahuna1959
<Content>not worth the money We stayed here for two nights on our way to the big island. The property has a great location, next door to the International Marketplace, just down the street from main area of Waikiki beach. My main complaint is that the cost of the room is far too high for the benefits. The room is what you'd expect at any family motel or hotel for under $80 a night, nothing special. For what I paid I should have been in the hotel across the street. The lobby and pool area are the only nice areas in the hotel. The foodservice at the hotel is average but the price is very high, as are the bar prices. The pool area is nice and we appreciated the live music and dancing while we were there. On the down side, the service from the two waitresses looking after the pool was incredibly bad. We waited to place an order, waited to get the order, waited to get the bill. It was laughable. The first time I tried to order from the bartender I was told I had to order from the waitress. It seemed to depend on the bar tender as later I was able to just pick up my drinks. No valet parking which wasn't a big problem but a bit time consuming. I wouldn't go back. There are better places to stay for the money.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Nnb
<Content>Throwback from the 70s We booked this through United Vacations and from the photos on the internet, we thought the rooms looked fine. We arrived on 22nd July and the room they allocated overlooked the car park and delivery area (very noisy). The room itself was like something from the 70s. The shelving and wardrobe area looked as if someone had built it themselves from white formica and the carpet was very worn. We complained and asked to pay for an upgraded room but had to stay one night in this horrible room. The room we were moved to was overlooking the pool and was a lot nicer but still very shabby for a Sheraton hotel. This hotel is screaming out for a refurbishment and although we did not let it spoil our holiday, I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.I would like to add that the staff were very friendly and helpful (apart from the bar tender who was not very friendly at all).  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>another_mother
<Content>Small rooms Stayed 2 nights early July, in the tower, 11th floor. We had 5 people in the room (ugh!) so it was tight with two double beds and a cot. Thank goodness we didn't spend much time in the room, except to sleep. Small bathroom and had to ask for extra towels each evening.Overlooked the International Market, but were high enough above it to not hear everything that went on there. Fellow on our floor had the drums beating into the night outside his window!! Even 11 floors up it was bad!No neighbours, so didn't have to deal with thin walls.Front desk and poolside staff okay, but not overly friendly. Pool side bartender great and introduced us to the Lava Flow drink which was fabulous! Loved the evening entertainment after 6:30, we sat around the pool to watch.The pool was nice, with the shallow end roped off for young children, and plenty of lounge chairs.Did not eat on property.Parking okay, at least they have their own lot nearby.For the money we spent I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>RamblingJ
<Content>Little Good to Say Except the Location The location is excellent. Across the street from Dukes and the beach and just down the block from the Int'l Market Place. Parking, the lobby with free internet, the front desk personnel, the maids, and Angie, our waitress and the drinks at the poolside bar were great. I was given a fruit basket in the room that we really enjoyed.BUT.....It is a Sheraton, but it is a very old Sheraton in desperate need of renovation. Rooms are very small, carpet in the room was filthy, the furniture looked like something from Home Depot, and my lovely lanai on the backside of the hotel overlooked Sheraton's lovely, smelly trash bins. The drain plug for the tub was inoperative. The hotel caters mostly to Japanese tour groups. The pool closes at 6:30 PM. The Outriggers along the beach, the Hale Koa, and Hilton are well worth the extra money. I will never stay there again and would encourage all to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	5	5	5	

<Author>SeasonedTraveler2
<Content>In heat with noise - Note - if you like eavesdropping you'll love this hotel - yes, in the tower wing you can hear most comments from room next door. We had an unhappy couple with strong accent next door and the swear words and fighting came through fairly clearly. That and that the air conditioner barely cooled made this hotel not too hospitable. Maybe at least you'll have a more interesting roommate next door. Am sorry that loyalty to Starwood and modest price hooked on this hotel. Other guests have covered the hotel well, but the noise and lack of decent air conditioning need greater mention.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	2	2	1	

<Author>landh
<Content>Just Awful Luckily we only had to stay here for one night! The hotel is one of the older ones in Waikiki, which we didn't mind at all, BUT after we stepped out of the elevator on our floor (the 11th in the tower) we really were shocked at how old and worn everything was. Rugs, wall paper, signage...all really shabby. Our room was just as shabby, but even more unpleasant was the bathroom. Mildew was clearly evident on the ceiling above the tub (no fan in the bathroom!), the hand-held shower head was so grungy and probably 15 years old, the grout on the tile floor was really dingy, and the counter top looked slightly mildewed to where the top veneer seemed worn down. I really wished I had shower shoes to wear in there! and to make matters worse, our tub was clogged and didn't drain so the hotel plumber was sent up and spent an hour getting the clog half cleared for us! The rest of the room was okay, shabby like I said, but not as attrocious as the bathroom. the one grosser thing, however, about the bed was that our bed was short-sheeted! so there was 2 inches of exposed mattress and mattress pad (again, very old and gross looking). I slept with my feet on top of the top sheet! And of course removed the bed spread completely.At least we had a view, and it was only one night, but I would recommend you avoid this hotel unless you're a group of college kids looking for a lower priced room. Oh, and the location IS great, but I'd have gladly walked further to be able to enjoy a clean bathroom.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>DJRTEX
<Content>Hot Air If you are looking for the basics this is for you. If you want any luxury you will be disappointed.Negatives - Very weak air conditioning. We had to change rooms 2 times. Then ordered an extra fan to boost power. I am a native Texan and can handle the heat. Bad sign. No elevator in the garage. So after parking we had to walk our luggage down the ramp 3 stories. Small rooms. Building is old and so is the decorPositives - clean, staff is friendly and responsive, great location.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GreginSantaBarbara
<Content>Try somewhere else - this hotel doesn't care much except about your money. Notes were taken from my disappointing stay here in late May, though I thought I'd let it go - here are some observations still recalled. Do you think hotels act on these reviews? When I filled out a computer survey of my visit expressing disappointment, I never rec'd follow up. Does that reveal anything?Am platinum level Starwood member, and room was not available for check in until 3 pm. Then at 3 pm, the special line for Platinum and Gold Starwood members was closed and there was an 8 minute wait in line to check in - you'd think loyal clients would get rooms prepared first.So during the wait I paid for internet wi-fi access about $13 - then discovered it's only good (at best) in the busy, noisy lobby area - not in the room!! That's not clear when you sign up and pay the fee. There is no high speed internet access in the rooms.The management doesn't care about the guests very much - the clientele is largely Japanese groups. Turn em and burn em is a hospitality industry term. Room door had smudges, air conditioner didn't work properly and when reported someone came up, tried fixing it and nothing could be done until next day, so instead of sleeping with the patio door open to the noisy sounds of Waikiki, the sleep was in 74 degree heat. Room was changed next day. No accommodation for the discomfort - nor did I ask - if they don't have the courtesy to offer, am not going to request it. Yes, parking is inconvenient - I wondered what elderly banquet clients do - no valet parking and access to elevators and hotel takes more effort than many are capable of. This is not hospitable.The smell of the foods in the buffet get strong - and one has to cross this area to get to the tower rooms - it's not welcoming. The smell of fish on the seafood buffet is unpleasant.  The doormen and bellmen are helpful, seasoned, really nice. Some of the front desk staff are terrific and probably embarrassed by the level of service. Haircut at the hotel was pleasant experience. $3 for use of in room safe - ??? Come on.This is a huge hotel - no room service after 9 pm?Yes, breakfast across the street and at Cheeseburger in Paradise are also good and with ocean views, but the breakfast buffet is good quality here. Breakfast buffet is good - Patty was especially accommodating waitperson - many of the employees of the hotel have been there 20- 30 years. That made quite an impression - one employee had his last day after 40 years the day we were there.There must be better values close by - this is not a hospitable, accommodating place of Aloha - it's a discredit to Sheraton Hotels - you might feel 'taken' with the service and blah rooms. Maybe with more feedback they'll upgrade this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Sheraton-like We stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani June 26-July 3rd, 2006 and I wouldn't do it again. The place is worn down and tired with it's carpet from the 80's and small rooms with paper-thin walls. We stayed in the main part of the hotel on the 8th floor ... I guess the 'towers' are newer and a little nicer (or so they claim) but they didn't look much nicer to me. Our travel agent told us that free parking was included, which is typical at the nicer hotels, but we got there to a snooty receptionist that informed us that they charge their guests $10 a day to park in their POS parking garage with no elevators and then they reserve half of the first floor for their employees so ALL guests are walking and most are trekking up and down stairs. The restaurants are nice and you can use any of the neighboring (MUCH nicer) Sheraton hotel restaurants and charge it directly to your room. Sadly enough, they consider this perk one of the great benefits of staying in their hotel. If you get a chance to stay at any of the other three Sheratons on the same block, I highly recommend it. We could hear everything from our neighbor's room ... we heard their afternoon chats, their party and every TV show that they watched. Luckily, we didn't stay in the room much but with 3 different groups in that room while we were there, and none of them overly loud, we heard each one of them so it wasn't just a case of one loud neighbor. The one group that threw the party even invited us over because they knew that the walls were thin and they planned on making some noise ... we declined but appreciated the offer and took a midnight stroll on the beach instead. The best thing you can say about the hotel is that it is centrally located on Waikiki beach. If you get bored, or can't sleep because of all the noise, just step out the front door of the hotel and you are on the main drag and a great touristy-type surfing area with rental boards and all is located right across the street. Some websites, and our travel agent (Our ex-travel agent) rated this as a 4-Star hotel ... that's not even close to the truth. It's a 3-star at best. They claim to be cheaper than the other hotels in that area but that's like comparing apples to oranges. They ARE cheaper than their neighboring competition but that's because they're not as good as the hotels that they're comparing themselves to ... they compare their prices to 5-star hotels across the street ON the beach. If you think you found an awesome hotspot at a great price then keep looking because you'll only be disaapointed. I also found it interesting that the hotel's comment service on their TV didn't work and when I asked for a comment card at the front desk they couldn't seem to find one ... so I wrote my comments on a post-it note and gave it to them. Speaking of which, we voiced our concerns only about items that we felt management would be able to correct, in order to avoid sounding like a whining guest and in return we were treated like a whining guest complete with rolling eyes and deep sighs. Nothing was done ... not a shocker at all. Overall, we had one of the best vacations of our lives but that was no thanks to anything the folks at this hotel provided. We spent very little time in our room, which is a good thing while you're in Hawaii, and we enjoyed ourselves immensely. Go to Hawaii and have a good time, but if you're looking at the Sheraton Princess Kiaulani for a room you might as well save some money by booking a complete dive and avoid the let-down. This place was not very Sheraton-like at all.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location On arrival, we were well catered for, we were given a room on the 27th Floor of the Tower and had a good view of the beach to the right of the balcony, we had booked a standard room but were upgraded due to my husbands 40th birthday, we stayed one night and then came back after our cruise, we were then placed in the standard room overlooking the carpark, this room was in need of refurbishment and was a bit of a let down but you get what you pay for, it was fine for our needs, we were not there to stay in our room all day. The seafood buffet looked great but pricey so we opted to eat outside. International marketplace and the cheesecake factory were nearby. Would stay again but probably try somewhere else next time.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>centrally located but other problems prevailed My wife is from Hawaii so we visit at least two to three times a year. Normally we stay at the Outrigger on the beach (right accross the street from the Princeess Kaiulani) and have had absolutely great service.We booked a last minute trip for June 2006 at the Princess Kaiulani and found the experience dissappointing.The main problems:1. Parking has no valet, and the first side of the paring structure has no elevators, so you could end up climbing 5 flights of stairs to get to your car. It wasn't until our second day there that another guest told us to drive to the top of this parking structure and then drive to an adjacent lot that provided access to elevators. It would have been nice if the hotel could have communicated this in the beginning.2. Any item billed to your room is sent for a credit authorization of the original dollar amount times the amount of days you are staying. For example, our parking was $70 so the cc authorization was $70 x 7 days or $490. We had room service the first night for $108, so that authorized $108 x 7 or $ 756. They had tied up over $1200 of our money in two transactions. This is obviously not something they tell you at check-in so be aware.3. The pool was shut down two days due to contamination.4. Small room, small tv, small fridge.5. They charge extra for items we received free at the Outrigger on the Beach i.e. $3 for the safe, bottled water (complamentary at the Outrigger).On the plus side:1. The hotel did make an effort to resolve the credit authorization problem.2. The staff was polite.3. This hotel is centrally located4. The rooms are ok -definately not as nice as the review pictures.We are scheduled to go back to Hawaii in October and had originally booked this Princess Kaiulani hotel. When we had problems I called our travel agent and switched hotels back to the Outrigger on the Beach. I sure we will enjoy our stay much better at the Outrigger.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EmmaNewZealand
<Content>another hotel in need of refurbishment We stayed here for 2 nights on the 6th floor in a room overlooking a carpark at the back of the hotel. I guess the only positive side to this was there was little noise from the street.The room was tiny and had 2 small double beds crammed into it, with no room to store our suitcases. The decor was dated and in need of a mafor refit. We didn't bother with the $20 breakfast at the hotel- overpriced, but opted to buy fruit salads from the ABC stores- cheaper and healthier than all you can eat buffets!The hotel was in a good location and there were always plenty of people around at all times of the day and night. Be aware that the street along the side of the hotel is a prostitute pick up point at night.I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CrashD
<Content>Great Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hawaii We arrived to book in and where told our rooms where not ready at 1pm. We where asked to come back at 3pm which we did and they still were not ready. We where given a drinks voucher to thank us for being patient. That was a nice touch. We where given our room keys about 30 minutes later and made our way to the elevator. As soon as I stepped into the elevator I knew that this was not going to be good. There was a musty smell about it. We got onto our floor (9th) and it was apparent that this was the original part of the hotel. The carpets where old and worn, the walls where much the same and there was that musty smell. We gingerly opened the door to our room and it was just as I expected. It had a musty smell for starters, the room was tiny, it had 2 double beds and very little else. There was not enough room to store our suitcases on the floor, we had to double up so we could walk through the room without banging our shins on the furniture. Our view was overlooking part of the city. The bathroom was small and poorly decorated, there where cracks in the walls and the wallpaper was peeling off. The sliding door to the balcony kept coming off the runner and I could not open it or shut it without my husbands help. I was terribly disappointed and decided to let them know. The sheraton have a policy that states  if you are not happy, then just say so. I called the customer relations number and told the lady of my concerns. She asked if I wanted to put my complaint in writing. I said I would like something done about our room. She replied that I needed to speak to the room manager, so I was put on hold for about ten minutes and then was told that he was busy and he would call me back. I waited for half an hour and the call came. I explained how disappointed I was and with 3 people in the room it was very uncomfortable. He offered to send a maintenance person up to address my concerns but also said he could upgrade us to a pool view room that was a tiny bit bigger at a cost. This was not what I expected and we refused the costly upgrade. My son was also disappointed with his room. He found pubic hair in the bath. They sent someone to fix his problem. The location of this hotel was excellent but I would never stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kara72
<Content>Good Value This hotel was reasonably priced and in a great location. Our room was fairly spacious (we were travelling with a toddler and had a crib in the room). While it could have used some updating, it was clean and safe. We were upgraded to a partial ocean view on the 6th floor and had a lanai overlooking the pool. The music was loud with the door open, but with the door closed, the noise was not a problem at all. I would stay here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value We stayed at the Princess Kaiulani last week (5/4-5/12). The hotel is very centrally located to Waikiki Beach. The area where Waikiki beach is unobstructed by all the oceanfront hotels is less than half a block away. Trust me, if you want to get to the beach and you aren't staying in one of the oceanfront hotels it can be a real chore. It's also centrally located to all kinds of shopping, Coach, Chanel, Dior, and other high end shops are right down the street. The hotel is also right next door to the International Marketplace. This was not so good. Don't be fooled by the name, it is a total tourist trap. It also happens to be the gathering place for a number of street performers, a couple of whom bang on drums until 12-1am in the morning every night. Even on the 16th floor the drums were rather loud and sometimes made it hard to get to sleep. The lobby area was open air and looked out over the pool which was very nice. There were plenty of chairs around the pool and there was also a nice lounge/restaurant area around the pool. The lounge served a $20 breakfast buffet every morning, overpriced for breakfast if you ask me. We went across the street to the Hula Grill for breakfast, it was less expensive, had great food, and a fantastic view of the ocean. They also served dinner buffet style or a la carte. Either way, at $33-35 for the buffet and $17+ for entrees it was also overpriced. If you intend on staying near the hotel for lunch/dinner, I suggest Duke's which is across the street a level below the Hula Grill. Now to the room, for $200/night I expected a little more, but based in comparison pricing for hotel rooms, $200/night doesn't get you much in Hawaii. At $200/night we've stayed in much, much nicer rooms/hotels than this. The room was a little small and the decorating was dated, but all in all it was acceptable. We had a partial ocean view room and the view was spectacular. We got lucky and had a room right on the corner of the hotel closest to the water so I can't guarantee all partial ocean vews are this good, but ours could just as well have been a full ocean view. The maid service wasn't great, they forgot to refill our coffee, replace towels, vaccuum, or take used dishes on different occasions. Other than that the staff was courteous and very helpful with directions, etc. Overall, the hotel was adequate. We got about what we expected and I would say at this price range it's a fairly safe choice.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I couldn't wait to be back in my own home I was shocked at the condition of this Sheraton location. It has not had any updating in a long-long time. All I could think of when I entered my room was the Brady Bunch scene with the tarantula in the room while they were in Hawaii. I didn't have any encounters with tarantulas but they have roaches. The bedspread was dirty and even on the 11th floor the room was extremely noisy. In addition, they only have dial up and if you need high speed; you'll need to truck it to the main lobby. Do not eat at this hotel - the food is not very good and is overpriced. Duke's across the street is great and they have a bar right on the beach. If you want breakfast (at breakfast prices) walk towards the back of the hotel from the main entrance and there is an Outrigger on the corner with a restaurant on the corner that has a nice Island breakfast for around $7.00 a far cry from the crummy buffet at the Kaiulani which is offered at $20. There are a couple of Hotels directly across the street which are much nicer. One of them is also a Sheraton - much more of what you would expect.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This was a great trip... I traveled with the Habersham Central Band of Blue from Georgia and I had the most fun ever. I have never experienced a trip like this one and the service at the Hotel was great... I will be visiting again real SOON!! Thanks so much, Tara  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Sheraton We went to Honolulu during the school spring break about two weeks ago. This was our first time visit Hawaii with three small children(7, 4 1). We stayed in Sheraton Princess Kaiulani Hotel and we loved it. We had a one bedroom suite with two double beds on 10th floor with both ocean and city view. The hotel is clean and convenient. The room had a fridge and and sink area with coffee maker. It has cabinet above the sink area for storage and it's a big plus for famiy with infant or toddler to put the bottles, baby food for drinks. The bathroom is large enough to let our whole family staying inside to watch my little one bathing. There is a closet with sliding door which I have not seen before. It's very thoughtful. We tried the hotel's breakfast buffet and everything was fresh made. The kids ate free and you paid for adults only. The eating area is outdoor next to the pool. The only thing I would compliant was the birds would fly or around the eating area. It's little bit annoying but the lovely food and weather could make it up.The location of the hotel is great, you don't need a car at all. International Market Place and Waikiki beach are only few minutes walking away. You can get some less expensive but still delicious Japanese and Korean food in the food court at International Maket Place. We will definitely come back to this hotel next time. We had a good experience and fun time there.I  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the Hotel! It was our first time in Hawaii and we wanted everything to be somewhat perfect. Our stay at the Sheraton PK was not only enjoyable but entertaining. We stayed from April 12 until April 20 and we were sad to go home. The staff were very friendly and helpful. We stayed on the 10th floor towards the parking area and it was very peaceful. We had a great view of the mountains and a balcony to look out on. Like everywhere else in Waikiki the prices on food are a bit expensive, but the food within the PK was very good and organized. It is right in the middle of the action, right next to the famed International Market and half a block away from the statue of the Big Kahuna and the beach. All in all we loved our stay in Waikiki and staying in a hospitable hotel makes it more delightful. We wil stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it This was an excellent hotel. It had a great price considering what other hotels were charging and some of those were not on the beach either. I felt that the room was a good size. There was almost no noise. It was not on the beach but very close. Overall this is a great hotel to stay at.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gameover
<Content>Great stay and value The only reason I would not rate this as excellent is because it's not on the beach, but across the street is good enough. After reading some of the negative reviews, I was a little curious as to what we got ourselves into. Worry not, this place is great! We booked via Travelocity and were upgraded to city view upon arrival. A city view room is very roomy, gives you a small view of the ocean (lower floor) and a great view of the pool/entertainment stage. The entertainment stage is great in the evening when you want to relax on your balcony with a mai tai and listen to the band and hula dancers below, the show was great. Location can't be beat, restaurants everywhere, Duke's and Chuck's Steak House across the street and it has a food court next to the pool for early morning coffee and breakfast. Would not think twice about staying here, unless I desire a beach front hotel, which I doubt. Stay here.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location and price for waikiki I just returned from Waikiki in April 2006. We stayed at the Prince Kaiulani and had a great time. This is a very clean and reasonably priced hotel for waikiki. The best features are the price, people (very friendly) and the service. The only thing that was not that great was the food (breakfast buffet).Its overpriced and not worth your money. If your looking for a great breakfast at reasonable price, go to the Hula Grill right across the street above Dukes. They have excellent pancakes and the view is unbeatable. Another small downfall is the lack of internet access in your room. They do have a computer room with 4 computers, but you may have to wait a few minutes to use one. Other than that, I would certainly recommend this place for the money if you don't have $300 a night to blow on a room.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>flippr5657
<Content>Nice place, but.... We stayed at the Kaiulani from March21-April 4th this year. Check in was a snap, and we were upgraded to a deluxe ocean view in the Princess wing , on the 9th floor. The room was a tad small, but clean and nicely furnished with two doubles and a sofa bed.We discovered that the pillows were feather,my husand is allergic. Housekeeping had replacement pillows sent up with 10 minutes!!! The staff, from front desk, to housekeeping to maintenance to pool desk were very friendly and helpful. Our housekeeper was wonderful as well. She kept the room immaculate, even washing and drying our personal drinking glasses we brought from home.I didn't like the prices at the restaurant. We never ate there. And the pool side drinks were a$tronomical!! The beds were very uncomfortable, I had to double up the bedspreads and put them under the bottom sheet to make things a little more softer. And I guess the first few days we had no neighbours, but on night 3 or 4 we heard a guy snoring, and a phone ringing that never got answered. Then we heard a baby cry for an extended amount of time too. They sounds were very clear. And the street noise is very loud. I agree with the other poster. There was a drummer outside that banged those $%$% drums every time somebody put money in his hat!! We were tempted to pay him $50 to move to another block!!! Like I said the staff are exceptional, but the noise was a little too much, and the beds too hard. I would probably not stay here again, unless of course, they replaced the mattresses, and worked on some sound proofing.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>westcoast97
<Content>Good, but...       pool area  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dreamer28
<Content>Pleasant time at the PK I stayed at the PK with my 10 year old daughter. We were in room 518 on a non-smoking floor. (We moved from 602 where we could smell smoke from next door...so be sure to specify). The lanai had a table and 2 chairs and overlooked the pool. The room decor was white with a traditional Hawaiian quilt on the king bed, and a print of hibiscus. Clean and simple. Shower had good pressure, lots of hot water. Maid service excellent.I liked the casual welcome of this hotel. We set up by the pool in the morning, and then came and went all day long. Front desk, lounge and poolside staff were all very pleasant. The PK has an old world charm that I enjoyed, and is conveniently located.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal for the money We loved the location. Right in the heart of Waikiki. Our balcony overlooked the IMP. We could see the ocean to the left and the mountains to the right.A lot of this hotel is kinda dated, but great service, housekeeping, front desk. We would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible, miserable room What a misery, old, ugly, dirty, so tiny,you don't want to go to the room! The name needs to change from Sheraton to Motel 6! No way I will ever stay in this hotel again. I would rather sleep out in the beach under the stars. No high speed internet, staff who didn't even care to ask how we liked the room. You will be making a big mistake staying in this hotel. The picture from the outside looks good and so does th pool area but wait until you go to your room! Shameful!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>trippy007
<Content>Great spot for the price Good basic hotel. Great location and service for the price. It's just across the street from Waikiki and wallking distance to many restaurants and clubs. We paid $140 and were upgraded to a partial ocean view. I probably wouldn't pay much more than that. This is not a luxuary hotel, but pleasant and clean. This is not the type of place where you get mints on your pillow or a fancy waterfall in the pool. Room decor was not my taste, but most of the hotels in Waikiki are somewhat dated unless you're going for a luxury hotel. Room service was available only certain times of the day, but we prefer to go out most of the time. There was a slight musty smell in the hallways, but I wrote that off to the humidity. Rooms were clean and lobby areas are nice. Restaurants on the property are quite expensive, so never ate at any of them. All in all, we enjoyed our stay  
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SherBri
<Content>Very Happy with the Princess Kaiulani! We have just returned from staying at the Princess Kaiulani and would not hesitate to stay there again. The staff were most accomodating for us - the front desk, the restaurant staff, the pool staff and the concierge(s). The food was excellent - we had 2 breakfasts, a lunch on the terrace by the pool and enjoyed the seafood buffet on our last night there. The location is fantastic - yes it will be a bit noisy - you are in the middle of Waikiki after all. The nightly entertainment was lovely and we enjoyed hearing it in our room in the evening. Our room was a king and while it is not huge it was certainly functional for us. We had the pleasure of being on the 21st floor with ocean view - terrific! And I love the little touches they do such as changing the quilted wall hangings in the elevators from Good Morning to Good Afternoon to Good Evening, each with the appropriate Hawaiian translation. Attention to detail is present everywhere.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jabmoore
<Content>Great location, nice hotel for the price. We stayed three nights at this property as part of a conference. It is perfectly situated in the heart of Wakiki. The room was okay. Sheraton advertises a Sweet Sleeper Bed but ours was no better than what you would find at a Motel 6. The mattresses were yellowed and obviously very old. The Princess Food Court is a fairly inexpensive place to eat and a great place to people watch sitting on the corner of the street.Other reviews mention concerns about prostitutes in front of the hotel. That is totally true. If you are traveling with children or are sensitive to some of the seedier aspects of a big city, this may not necessarily be your best choice. Neither the HPD or staff at the hotel seem very concerned that these women are working their streets.Overall, we might stay here again because of the location and pricing, but not because of the property itself.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cjp2
<Content>Pretty Nice! I stayed here seven nights while attending a conference at the convention center. The room was a bit smaller than the typical hotel room, but it was clean and looked well kept. The hallways smelled a little funky, but tolerable. The first floor (lobby, restaurant, shops) were all nicely decorated and clean. The staff was very welcoming and helpful. My view (20th floor) looked west to north and was pretty nice. Knowing the area, I knew I wasn't going to have too much of an ocean view. Location in downtown Waikiki can't be beat. You're right across the street from Duke's bar and the Mai Tai bar at the Royal Hawaiian! Easy walk to the beach and the aquarium (highly recommend!). The hike to the convention center is not horrible, but longer than I anticipated, especially in long pants at 2:00 in the afternoon. A nice place and I would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>voyageuse416
<Content>Pleasantly surprised We paid about $150 a night, which is very reasonable for a hotel just across the street from the Waikiki beachfront. So I was prepared to be disappointed by the room -- but I wasn't at all. True, we didn't have an ocean view, but it was nicely furnished and clean. The staff was pleasant and helpful, too.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rphsweet
<Content>Loved the Sheraton I just spent 6 nights at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani and we loved it! It's in a great location for walking in both directions and the staff was extremely friendly to us! They helped us out with all of our questions and were very knowledgable.Our room was very clean and we heard no noise at all! We were on the 7th floor and the room was fine for us. We didn't have a great view but that was okay because we weren't there to spend all of our time in a hotel room we were spending it outside enjoying the sights.We didn't see many people using the pool at all but the ocean is actually warmer than the pool.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Ryanoles
<Content>Not up to expectations For a Starwood/Sheraton hotel I was rather disappointed by this place.I spend plenty of time before going on vacations researching hotels because I never want to end up with a poor quality one. This hotel was the first one I missed the mark on. Based on location, cost, photographs, and previous reviews I was certain that this hotel would be a good one, but I wasn't that impressed.The staff is very friendly and courteous, which was a plus, but friendly staff doesn't make up for the rock hard mattresses and moldy washrooms. My room was on the 14th floor (Starwood Preferred Guest floor) but was noisy at all hours of the day and night. They have some kind of music playing from about 9:00 pm until some hour of the night (I always was able to somehow fall asleep while it was still blasting) and the sounds of traffic and people are very irritating.I never utilized the pool since it was always packed full of people, so instead of swimming shoulder to shoulder with all the other SPK guests, I opted to spend time elsewhere.The one good thing about this place is the access to all of Waikiki, which is very convienient. It is within walking distance to so many things (Zoo, Kapiolani park, aquarium, Waikiki beaches, restaurants, shops, Internation marketplace, etc.) which really cut back on the taxi fares that I broke my bank on when I stayed at the Hilton Hawaiian Village, which for $40/night more is far superior and recommended by me.I wouldn't return to the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani again if I were to go back to Waikiki, I would rather re-do my research and find another place to stay since I wouldn't think it would be that difficult to find something more satisfactory.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>FANTASTIC SERVICE - Fantastic VIEW My wife and I stayed here for a surprise birthday trip that she arranged. When we checked in, we were immediately upgraded to a partial ocean view.. WOWThat afternoon when my wife stepped out of the shower the towel rack came out of the wall.. when i called the front desk to tell them what happened, they immediately upgraded us to the 29th Floor and a HUGE suite. By far the BEST customer service i have EVER had in a hotel. And I LOVE disney.. and this was better then disney.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Laurag29
<Content>Great Location, Good Value Was a little nervous to stay here after reading some of the reviews, but was pleasantly surprised. This hotel is right in the middle of everything. Just a block from the beach, across from the Sheraton Moana, next to the Hyatt and 1/3 of the price! We walked across the street and went surfing; walked up the beach and had Mai Tais at the Royal Hawaiian, and had dinner at Dukes at the Outrigger. Our room was always clean, and the lobby and buffett areas were very nice. We spent New Years eve on Waikiki Beach, and it was so nice to walk away from the crowds and just sneak back to our hotel across the street. The pool was nice and clean and you just have to walk across the corner to the ABC store for shopping. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location...great hotel... I really enjoyed my time at the Princess. It had a great location and was very comfortable. My room was a bit on the small side but that was not a great concern of mine. Most of the trip we were on the beach and doing tours. But, when we went back to the room I found it clean, neat, and pleasant. The hotel, while not on the beach, was perfect for us. The beach was only a block down the street (if that) and we found the lobby and service to be top notch.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel The hotel was excellent, wonderful service, very clean and well kept rooms. It deserves a 5 star rather than a 3 star rating. We were there during Christmas, the lobby and restuarant decor were wonderful. Of all the Honolulu hotels we have stayed during numerous trips this one has been the best.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nevadaanna
<Content>had a great time - wonderful, friendly staff stayed at the pk with my elderly mother the week of december 1-8, 2005 - it was with great trepidation that i booked this property based on the reviews, but my mother loves being in the heart of the action, and with the pk's location next to the international marketplace and across kalakaua from the moana surfrider, the pk seemed like the perfect choice for the money. we had a partial ocean view room in the ainahau tower - the rooms in this tower are newer and were clean and comfortable. all the employees were absolutely wonderful and went out of their way to be helpful, especially with the hospitality suite on our final day since we were returning on a redeye flight. would stay at the pk again anytime we're in honolulu. if you go to waikiki, be sure to catch the free hula halau nightly from 6-7 pm at kuhio beach park - a 3 minute walk down kalakaua ave. from the pk (towards diamond head.)  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gerns
<Content>These Kiwi's loved the PK Have just spent 7 nights at the Sheraton PK. Not sure about all wings of accommodation, but we had rooms on 23 and 20 floors. Decor was a little dated, but King beds were so comfortable, rooms very clean, air conditioning units very effective, views amazing and the hotel location was awesome. Housekeeping staff were excellent and very friendly. Front desk staff okay, but the poolside restaurant and bar staff could do with a shake up! We never had problems having to wait on the lifts, the four in our wing worked very efficiently.We live at the beach in NZ and there are no ocean views at night, so really appreciated the views of the ocean during the day and the activity and lights after dark. We did not have any traffic noise at night on 23rd floor.We tried a couple of breakfast venues, but settled on Duke's and Shore Bird as value for money and catering to our tastes. Evening meal choice limitless, but our favourite was Diamond Head Grill in the W hotel, food excellent, service brilliant - good value.This was our 3rd trip to this Island and we will definitely be staying at the Sheraton PK again next time.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location....OK Hotel I stayed at the Sheraton PK with my wife and 1 year old daughter for a week in a Ocean View Room on the 24th floor. Being a Sheraton hotel I expected a little nicer place, but I guess a lot of hotels in Waikiki seem a little run down. Not exactly what I expected but the reviews I read had some truths and fallacies about them. I will begin by saying the staff is very friendly and try and accommodate every need. I read a lot of the reviews and decided for the price and location I would go with the PK, if I had to do it again I would stay at the Sheraton Waikiki instead. The hotel is a little dated and the rooms are really bland and the beds are the most uncomfortable beds I have ever experienced at a Sheraton. Clearly this Sheraton is not a part of the Heavenly sleep program. It is a good clean hotel and centrally located to everything, next to the International Market place, across the street from the beach, has a food court next to the pool and right in the middle of bars and restaurants. I visited the other 3 Sheratons and after accessing the amenities and cost I believe the Sheraton Waikiki is the best choice. The Surfrider is a beautiful hotel but not worth the price. The Royal Hawaiian seemed like a pink funhouse...couldn't wait to get out of there and the Sheraton Waikiki seemed it was the best all around for price, amenities and location.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CindyYZ
<Content>Never again...Go stay at the Sheraton Waikiki I was in Hawaii for my best friend's wedding and stayed at the Sheraton Waikiki for 3 nights and had to move to the Kaiulani for the final night (the Waikiki one was sold out the final night). After spending 3 blissful days at a beautiful hotel with their signature heavenly bed (aahh), I ended up moving over to this dump of a hotel. The price difference was only about $35 a night but it felt like you dropped 3 stars in hotel class.Where to begin.. the hotel seems pretty old and not maintained well. After check in, the elevators are tiny and there's only a few, so the wait is long. My room had a standard foam mattress with the thin mattress cover/blankets you find at cheap motels. The bathroom was extremely tiny with a sliding door and the showerhead and tiles looked incredibly dirty. I really felt grossed out by them. The worst part is, there was a mosquito in my room and after spending 40 minutes (unsuccessfully) swatting at it, I gave up and had to endure this unwelcomed guest. After talking to some other friends that ended up there, I found out that I was actually upgraded due to my starwood status as my room had a small couch and a balcony overlooking the pool. I checked out the standard room and it's even worse. Never again... for the type of money you'll spend going to Hawaii, you want to feel relaxed and comfortable at the hotel. For $35 bucks more, go to the Sheraton Waikiki, I highly recommend that hotel!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could do better! My first time in Hawaii and I was sorely disapointed in the hotel Im afraid to say! The decor was extremely dated and the rooms, although sufficient, were really bland and grey. We overlooked a side street which was very noisy from 5.30am onwards (and Im not a light sleeper!) When asked could we move to a different part of the hotel after two days with very little sleep we were told the place was full up. Not very conducive to a good honeymoon!!! The pool area and bar were nice and the restaurant food was good value and very tasty. Location was great aside from the scary prostitutes in the evening. If returning to Waikiki will be looking at alternative accommodation.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ann651
<Content>Loved It!!!! We recently got married and had flown to Maui to honeymoon and planned on staying at the PK for the night before we flew back to the main land. When we got to Maui, we hated the location of the cottage we rented and said Screw it so we flew back to Oahu and extended our stay at the PK from 1 night to 5 nights. In hindsight, that was the second best decision we made right after our first decision to get married in Oahu. We totally loved our time at PK. We really, really loved the band that played at night. We would sit on our lanai and just listen to the great music the band played which ranged from Hawaiian to contemporary songs. We so enjoyed the music that we spent out last night at the hotel downstairs by the bar to actually see the band play (we would have sat in the lounge chairs by the pool like we did the night before, but it sprinkled that night). Along with the music, we had a great view from our room of the pool and the street. Although we were not on the beach, I thought that our location was perfect because we could just walk across the street to the beach and there were so many places to shop and eat around us that we didn't miss the beach that much. The hotel is also next to the International Marketplace and we practically went there everyday to shop and eat. We totally loved the little sushi place in the food court at the Marketplace. It was cheap and the quality of the fish was awesome. Although we didn't eat at PK, we totally enjoyed our stay and the friendliness of the staff and the excellent location. Overall, we could not have asked for a better place to stay. On our next trip, we would definitely stay at PK!!! Plus it's a Starwood hotel so we got lots of points that we will definitely use when we stay the PK again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>We will be Back!!       Beautiful PK  
<Date>Oct 8, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Possomchops
<Content>Happy Chappie from Oz I stayed here for three nights whilst on my way to Canada from Australia. I found nearly everything pleasant and the location was practically on Waikiki Beach. I had booked a standard room but was upgraded on arrival to a part ocean view room/balconey. The hotel's buffet style breakfast was a bit too pricey for my budget so usually breakfasted at the Baskin Robbins icecream place come cafe, just down the road from the hotel. Prices for brekky (good sized portions) most reasonable at approx. $8 US, plus tax of course! The only gripe I had about the hotel was the lack of an electric jug to boil water for my early morning cuppa (being Aussie). A coffee percolator was provided which warmed the water but not hot enough for tea. I also noticed 4 hookers or 'ladies of the night' as we call them in Oz, just down from the hotel and was told that they 'hang out' there to attract Japanese businessmen who frequent the hotel. I found this curious considering that there was a police station just across the road on Waikiki Beach.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cooker83
<Content>Musty room Great location short walk to the beach. Our room was musty. I asked for a new room and was told it was sold out. They sprayed some kind of fragrance to appease us but the smell came back within an hour. Would not stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>saskatoonguy
<Content>Great view, great room, great staff, lousy a/c I had a nice room on the 25th floor of the Ainahau tower, which is the tallest of the three towers. The room was very clean and I had a balcony. I noticed a chambermaid spraying disinfectant on the telephone and cleaning it with a small brush -- I was impressed and I wonder how many hotels do that as part of their regular routine. The decor was fine, and the view was unbelievable, of both the ocean and the rest of Waikiki. If you stay here, it might be worth paying more for a room with a great view. (Mine was described on the website as 1 king, ocean view, 282 sq ft.) Some cheaper rooms look onto a parking garage and nothing else, although those rooms probably get less exterior noise than mine.I thought the staff had a great attitude. I wish I could remember the guy who checked me in and checked me out, beause he seemed to genuinely enjoy interacting with customers. I wonder if some of the negative reviews here are because customers are reacting to the fact that the overwhelming majority of tourists are visitors from Japan and the people who live in Hawaii are overwhelmingly Asian-American. Deal with it or stay home.The location is very urban, which is what I wanted, with buildings packed together closely and the sidewalk at the front entrance. You cross the street to go to the beach. If you want a self-contained beachfront resort with more green space, try a place in western Waikiki such as the Sheraton Waikiki or the Hilton Village.Negatives: Some people might enjoy the free nightly show by the pool by a lounge singer, but it drove me up the wall! I hated the music. Even with my balcony door closed, the overamplified music reverberated through the room making it impossible to do things like watch TV, and this went on until 10 or 11. Noise from the adjoining room, filtering through a connecting door, was also a big headache even though my neighbor wasn't doing anything out of line. For some reason this particular block attracts prostitutes who are very aggressive toward solo male pedestrians after 10pm, even when in sight of police officers! My biggest gripe is that the room a/c was insufficient to cool down the room -- don't believe the nonsense about cooling ocean breezes (although I was there in August).  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KitKat59
<Content>Built for a Princess, Made for a Queen       From the trolley looking up at the Kaiulani  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kelandtay
<Content>Best Bargain in Waikiki!! Stayed at the Princess Kaiulani again for this year's trip to Hawaii. Loved it as much as last year. This hotel has a beautiful lobby, nice pool area, rooms that go from small to large (some with a crappy view of the parking structure, some with a great view of Waikiki), and LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION at a GREAT price. If you're on a budget that allows for a mid-priced Waikiki hotel, choose the PK. If you want luxury, try one of the other Sheartons, the Halekalani or the Hyatt. Since you probably won't spend a lot of time in your room (which may be small but will be clean and have a parking structure that's close by and only 10 bucks a day for hotel guests), I'd recommend the PK! You can be on the sands of Waikiki beach in about 53 seconds after walking out the door of the PK, it's close to great shopping, an inexpensive food court is 50 feet from the pool, and, compared to other similar priced hotels in Waikiki, the Princess Kaiulani doesn't have that musty, old hotel smell.  I'll book another trip on Expedia NEXT summer and stay at the PK again!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2sunflowers
<Content>Wonderful Place to Stay I was very pleased with the everything at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani. It is a beautiful hotel just across from the Waikiki Beach. An excellent value, pretty, spacious rooms with balconies, Hawaiian flare, lovely nightly entertainment, convenient restaurants. We had a reservation for a partial ocean view, and because we are Starwood preferred customers, we were upgraded to a full ocean view room. It is not as posh as the Royal Hawaiian Hotel but I felt uncomfortable just walking in the Royal Hawaiian. I felt very comfortable at the Princess Kaiulani. The staff is very friendly and helpful. WE HAD A GREAT TRIP AND WOULD STAY HERE AGAIN!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PK No Paradise in Hawaii My husband and I recently celebrated our 15 year anniversary in February and celebrated with a trip to Hawaii. This was our trip of a lifetime and needless to say that the hotel and location was a HUGE disappointment to us. Since the day we were married we often thought of this being our ideal anniversary vacation. WRONG. I have to agree with some of the other reviews, saying that the hotel staff catered to the needs of Japanese clients and made any American feel as if we were unwelcomed in their hotel. I would definitely say that I felt like a minority just walking around the lobby. Rarely would you see a smiling face, helpful person, or anyone speaking english without a HEAVY accent. I have no problem with other cultures or Japanese people but I do have a problem with how unwelcomed I felt.  The worst thing about this hotel is the location. I guess it's true that location means everything and this hotel really proved it to me. We had paid for an oceanview room and all we saw was one high rise building after the other. If you looked really hard, you may see the ocean between two other high rise hotels that were ON the beach. This is the LOUDEST place that I have ever stayed at and I felt very unsafe at night. We stayed in a higher room, second floor from top, and I could still hear music and noise booming until 1:00 a.m. I was looking forward to a relaxing, romantic trip and my nerves were on edge from no sleep whatsoever.  Oahu is a beautiful island, but I was certainly dissappointed in Waikiki. I will never stay in Waikiki again. Some people may love it, but I tend to hate commercial areas, and it has taken over. If you do go to the island of Oahu, spend most of your time on the NORTH shore of the island. This part of the island is gorgeous. Waikiki is too commercial and not the Hawaiin paradise I hoped for. One thing that I do recommend is the picnic basket that you can order from room service the night before. My husband and I took a picnic basket (which was absolutely wonderful and fresh) to the North shore for some privacy and relaxation, and it was the best day we had. We also had room service the night we arrived, and it was one of the best meals we had the entire trip. Another recommendation would be to go to Germaine's Luau. The staff was so friendly and it was an absolute blast. This is a great Luau and you can't leave Hawaii without going to one.  The Sheraton P.K. is a loud, unfriendly hotel with very limited accommodations. Don't expect much with your room. But I will have to say that my room was clean and consistently so during my trip. Dresser space was almost nil. My clothes were either hung(limited-no hangers/room) or in my suitcase. Positives- Room service, cleanliness and staff was friendly as you arrive in front of hotel. Unfortunately, that is where the friendliness ends as well. I hope if you are going to Waikiki that you will have your Hawaiin paradise. I was certainly dissappointed in mine.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We're going back! We usually stay on the North Shore, but when we do stay in Honolulu, we're always at this hotel. Just a hop, skip and a jump from International Market and other downtown festivities. The pool and lounge is great. The staff is excellent. We'll be back there on July 29, 2005! Can't wait!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can I just say how much I LOVE this place and didn't want to leave...       Shots from our Lanai  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>abain
<Content>Nice place This was a very nice budget hotel. When I say budget, I mean for Waikiki. Close to the beach, but also close to the crowds. The rooms are a little dated, but the hotel is 50 years old. It could use a major renovation to receive a higher rating. Location is great - central to shopping and restaurants. Overall I would highly recommend it for a couple of nights, but not for any longer. But then again, we didn't like Waikiki at all. The band by the pool was very loud at night.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hula Show and Dinner       Shots from our Lanai  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MissJen89117
<Content>Great stay! Would definitely go back. My boyfriend and I enjoyed this hotel very much. Being a Travel Agent I received an amazing rate that I certainly couldn't pass up. I mainly chose this hotel due to the location and star rating (compared to other places in the area and prices available for travel agents during that time of the year I planned on going). We were upgraded immediately to a partial ocean view room upon checking in, which was a nice surprise during all of the excitement of finally going to Hawaii! The area around PK is awesome if you're looking for a tourist hub -- relaxing when you want it to be and hustle-bustle if you want it to be. Hawaii is not only beautiful but everyone in Oahu was SO NICE to us. We felt completely pampered! Those working at the PK were accomodating, relaxed, and enjoyable. Japanese tourists definitely seem to rule the roost in Oahu - but we had no problems at all.. things weren't too busy tourist-wise. The AWESOME thing was, that this hotel offers a Hospitality Room/Suite for use by guests that have flights that depart late in the day. The room features a HUGE bathroom w/shower, sink, toilet etc, the sitting area has comfortable couches and lounge chairs and a coffee table, etc. You have the room for a full hour, which gives you time to shower and relax a bit before heading back out to catch a taxi to the airport. I would definitely stay at the PK again. I give it 4 stars out of 5 due to the excellent service and surprisingly easy trip.. everything went without a hitch and it made the trip well worth it --- This truly was a VACATION.$ Tip: Food in Hawaii is up there price-wise... depending on where you go, you can get some wonderful deals on Seafood.. so keep an eye out! Food cost wasn't too big of a deal for us since we'd saved so much money for the trip ahead of time, and we'd gotten such a great deal on the room.Tourist Tip: Go snorkeling in Hanauma Bay! Many tours are available for purchase at the Concierge desk... the agent working is more than happy to assist and answer questions. For less than $20 per person we received a bus transfer round-trip to and from the Bay, snorkeling equipment, etc. The only thing not included is your food -- you can bring your own food or purchase from their snack bar (pricey but ok when you're starving!). Keep in mind that there is a small additional fee per person to get into Hanauma Bay (as it is a state park and wildlife preserve).  
<Date>May 11, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelcritic
<Content>The 'Last' Resort This hotel is in a great location, in between the International Market Place and just a short walk through the Sheraton Moana Surf, the beach. One thing you can come not to expect very much of in Hawaii is service so make sure you at least enjoy your hotel. The Sheraton Princess is one of the very few Sheraton's that doesnt utilize the Service Promise philosophy. The rooms were very basic, the walls were paper thin and the staff were very difficult to deal with. If you are looking in the budget priced hotels, I would entertain the Outrigger's as you can get some good deals on even the ones on the beach, the Outrigger Reef or the Outrigger Waikiki on the Beach.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but Would look for Better Next Time First time in Oahu Hawaii, stayed at PK for 3 nights in May. Overall: Average. Ambience was pretty good, sometimes live night entertainment for their almost daily pool-side buffet (plenty of food and variety was great -- must have the SWEET pineapples!). Small-Med Pool is closed at night and early morning during breakfast time. Staff was nice and helpful. When we arrived, they had to fix double booking error (no problem). Our room was disappointing, old decor, and beds were too soft, and sagged in the middle. Clean enough, but not spectacular bath. 2 or 3 of our 4 lamps didn't work so we called down to fix, which they did while we were gone and surprised us with a nice complimentary basket of snacks. Balcony view wasn't great - got the side of a building. Lobby sells fresh leis for 5 dollars, which we took back on our 5 hr flight for family members. Location was pretty convenient: easy walk to the beach, and walked several blocks for shopping and other eateries. We went on one of those Bus Day Tours, and one shuttle tour. Our tour guides were great, but the tours were not...most of the time is spent on the road, looking out the window and about 5, 10 or 15 minutes at stops. Luau was fun (sorry don't remember the name), but we paid $100 ea. and it was about an hour drive to another beach on a bus (FUN RIDE, great people). Be prepared to tip every driver and tour guide you use (they expect it). TIPS: Recommend exploring sites on bus or trolleys and enjoy at your leisure. P.S. The Don Ho show - ok for seniors but pretty slow and dull for younger crowd.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luvness746
<Content>Vacation in Waikiki We stayed during easter week at SPK. It was ideal for us since we wanted to enjoy the hustle and bustle in Waikiki. The SPK is in a great location! It is right next to the International Marketplace and across the street from Waikiki Beach. We were upgraded to the 29th floor with great views of Honolulu and partial ocean views of Waikiki Beach. However, the first two days were unusually windy so we could hear the wind howling from the top floor but the rest of the week was awesome! I would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aloha. Nice Place! The SPK is a great place to stay if you are on a budget and are looking for a clean and relatively friendly place to stay!I stayed there with 3 friends between March 10 and March 18, we were in Hawaii for a holiday and to see the sights. All we wanted was a nice and clean room to rest out weary heads at night, and that is what we got!SPK as with most of Honolulu and Wiakiki is very Asian orientated, if you can get past that you will have a great time!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mamaknows
<Content>O.K., for downtown Stayed at the Princess from March 4 to March 13. The hotel is in a great location in terms of access to the beach and shopping. If you are expecting a typical Sheraton, you will be extremely disappointed. The outside of the hotel, lobby, bar, and restaurants all looked fabulous and the staff was very warm and welcoming. Shock was the room. VERY poorly maintained. Bedspreads are thin, decor is horrible, refrigerator barely worked, and the room was quite small. If the winds are blowing you will be up all night as the wind shook our balcony door so hard that it just continually rattled.Didn't feel as cheated the first 7 nights of the stay because I had a conference rate of $105/night, but it really hurt to pay $150 for the next two nights in the same room...I had no problems with parking and I thought that $10/day was reasonable. However, traffic in Waikiki is horrible so think twice about renting a car if you plan to just hang around downtown.Food was o.k., but VERY pricey. Dinner buffet at the hotel was 32.50/person and the breakfast buffet was 16.50/person. Both were good, but not worth the price.According to one of the Assistant Managers, the hotel is scheduled for an upgrade this summer, so if I ever go back, I might stay just to check out the difference. Your best bet is the Hilton Hawaiian Village (little further uptown) or the Sheraton Moana Surfrider which is right across the street.Also, be prepared for the Japanese invasion. I found that the staff seem to cater to them more than Americans. Most of the Japanese folks that I encountered were friendly, but a lot were obnoxious about cutting in front of you when standing in line and they seemed to have a real sense of entitlement--that did not apply to anyone else...  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>3	1	1	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay My friend and I booked a great deal through Priceline.com. It was last minute- so I was nervous about it, especially after reading some of the reviews about the Sheraton Princess at Waikiki. It was the only hotel left. I'm glad we went ahead and booked and stayed. It was GREAT!!! The staff was very accommodating and knowledgeable. The hotel lobby area was beautiful and they had nightly concerts. The rooms are fine- not plush or anything but fine. We had a great view of the beach and mountains. The hotel even has a complimentary room for you to use if you have to check out and your flight doesn't leave until late. So- we freshened up prior to leaving for the airport. The best place to eat is the Diamond Head Market and Grill. It's nothing fancy and it's a to go kinda place but they have small tables outside. The food is the BEST! If you like ribs- GO GET SOME. They melt in your mouth. The Salmon and Ahi steak are really good too. For dessert try the Diamond Head Torte. This place is on the left going towards Diamond Head Crater. If you like hiking do that too. Peace.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok, But Not for a Sheraton Pros-----* Great Location - a Half Block from the Center of Waikiki Beach* Nice Lobby* Some Friendly Staff* Live Entertainment in Lobby Area that can be Enjoyed from Your Room if you Open Your Window to Bacony unless You like to Sleep Early* Will Address Your Problems  Will Upgrade You or Compensate You for Problems* Great Complementary Toiletries* Nice View from Balcony in Most Rooms* Close to Shops, Restaurants, Entertainment - in the Heart of WaikikiCons-----* Old  Rundown, Needs Updating like Most Hawaiian Hotels* Has Ants  Geckos in Some Rooms - Avoid by Asking for a Higher Floor away from Foliage in Front of Hotel* Rooms not too Spacious* Old  Loud Mini Refrigerator, No Microwave in Room* Thin Walls - Can Hear Neighbors* Some Staff Not Friendly at All  Can be Difficult to Deal With* Expensive for the Quality  Is not up to Par with Other Sheraton Hotels, Tries to be High Class, but Fails at it by being so Run Down* May not Refill Toiletries such as Facial Tissue* Parking Garage always Cramped  Full - Customers Park outside of Designated Parking Spaces* Expensive Parking Rates - $10 a Day* Rooms not Exceptionally Clean* Hallways  Lobby not Air Conditioned, only Rooms were, Relied on Open Windows, which does not work in Hot Hawaii* Small Pool for such a Large Hotel* Traffic Jams near Hotel* Service to Room will Take a WhileA decent hotel near the beach, but don't be fooled by the Sheraton Name, it does not live up to the quality expected by a Sheraton Hotel, especially for the prices they charge  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>betsybubbles
<Content>Great Value and Location We have stayed at this proerty many times and love the location and views from the high floors. Rooms are lovely. Poolside dining at the Pikake Buffet has great food and reasonable prices. Only drawback is the noise of the city, which finds its way to even to the 27th. floor. The hum of the city without traffic at 4 AM is noisy. Otherwise, I highly recommend this property. The folks who work here try very hard to please. It is a very good value for the money and near everything.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hhdash
<Content>highly recommend We booked an economy package from Vancouver Canada and luckily picked the Sheraton Princess K hotel  It exceeded our expectations--we were on the 11th floor and there was a little traffic noise but it was clean, staff was friendly and helpful, there was a room with free internet/email access, and an interesting pool area with entertainment nightly.  The lobby is spacious and we met several couples from other hotels who were using it as they preferred it to their hotels.  Conveniently located one block from the beach.  Unless we win the lottery, we'll definitely stay there on our next trip to Waikiki   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ArkansasRazorback
<Content>Mislead by reviews Stayed at the PK Jan 15-22, 2005. Was worried due to mixed reviews I had read. Were in the tower with a partial ocean view, overlooking the pool. The room was clean, service was great and friendly, room was quiet at night so I had absolutely no problems and no complaints.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One and ONLY one problem at this hotel I loved my visit here. The best thing about it is the Sheraton policy of Stay at one, play at all which allows you to use the facilites of all 5 Honolulu Sheraton properties and you can sign for things with your room card key! My ONLY negative comment is that the 5 story parking garage has NO ELEVATOR. You'd think the ADA would force them to get one, but no, it hasn't. But the $10.00 a night parking fee is VERY reasonable for a Waikiki hotel.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sheraton PK Yeah, it's a bustling place right in the middle of Waikiki, but that's exactly what we wanted on our first trip to Hawaii! This may not be the place for the Four Seasons crowd but we had an exceptional stay January 15-22, 2005. Our room was on the 7th floor of the new wing with a partial ocean view overlooking the pool and outdoor stage. It was wonderful sitting on our balcony, sipping Kona coffee in the morning watching the sunrise and even better in the evening, watching the stage show from our very own private perch. The housekeeping staff seemed to have radar, knowing exactly when we would be out of the room and surprising us with a clean room, even at 10am after we returned from a walk on the beach. The staff was wonderful and mahalo to Tammy who gave us a late checkout on our final day so we could soak up a few more hours of the Hawaiian sunshine. My wife and I would definitely return to the Sheraton PK!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harris
<Content>Loved the Princess My husband and I loved the atomsphere, the service, and the beautifulhotel. We were there in December 2003. We had a pleasant stay. It isin the heart of everything. Eateries and shops all around. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Keep Expectations Low Its a large hotel  that means busy and impersonal. The Japanese seem to like it and it caters very well for large groups of Japanese tourists who seem to be a permanent fixture in the entrance halls. The JAL crew are also accomodated here.The old Kaiuliani Wing is in dire need of renovation. Its quite clean, but definitely cracking at the edges. The courtyard rooms all overlook the multi storey car-park and rubbish bins (which are emptied daily at 6.30am beep beep!) It's not the most picturesque places.If you stay there as part of a cruise package, then you will definitely be in these rooms - be prepared to pay a hefty upgrade fee if you want a tower room with a limited view of the sea.It is in the middle of everything - if that's what you want, then fine. It is typical of Waikiki, but does not represent the rest of Hawaii which is a beautiful place. Waikiki is a god-forsaken concrete jungle!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>YvetteBrownstone
<Content>Great Atmosphere! What a wonderful place to stay. My husband and family enjoyed the comfort this hotel offered. The atmosphere most desire when traveling to the islands is definitely present here. PK offers cultural entertainment nightly beside the poolside. We loved the convenience of being close to the beach, restaurants and the International Marketplace. The zoo and aquarium are located a few blocks up the street as well. The rooms are perfect for travel. They were cleaned daily and our housekeeper left lots of fresh towels and plenty of delicious Royal Hawaiian Coffee. When we arrived we requested a room that overlooked the pool and we were accomodated by Sonny at the Front Desk. He was very friendly and welcoming to us.This hotel has restaurants for every budget....from $3 on up. We enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay there again!A----loooooo------ha! Ken and Yvette Brownstone of Ventura, California  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>maodohsiao
<Content>Great location, clean room at a great price I like the location of this hotel - it's right off the main street, the beach is literally 30 seconds away. If you are looking for a romantic get-away, this is NOT the place to stay. Go for Halekulani. But if you are looking for a comfortable accomodation at a great price, this is the hotel for you. About around $120-$150/night, there's not a lot of service to speak of, but it's a clean room and a clean bathroom - which is a lot more than I can say about some of the other hotels around the area (i.e. the various Ohanas). But if you want a nice swimming pool, this is not the place for you. Then again, the ocean is 30 seconds away. Why would you want to be sitting by the pool? I've been to Hawaii 4 times this year and stayed at PK 3 times...Next time when I go back, PK would most likely be the hotel I would stay at if I can't get a good deal at the Halekulani (which I LOVED, which happens to be twice, if not three times more expensive than PK)  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great family hotel After reading the reviews of the p.k. I was afraid we had made a mistake! We recieved a very nice free upgrade when we presented our starwood card. The staff was friendly. Our room was fresh and clean. Fresh pineapple was offered free at the pool area. We had no problems using beach towels at the surf rider. This was a great place to stay for the price! Our whole family enjoyed it.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hols01
<Content>I had a fantastic time..... We have just returned from 2 weeks at the PK, and had a fantastic time. Before our holiday I read some of the reviews and was ready to cancel, but thankfully I didnt, I thought we must be staying in a different hotel because we couldnt fault it !! After an 18 hour flight and feeling very tired the bell desk immediately had our bags ready to take to our room, unfortunatley we couldnt get an upgrade and as i expected we were put in the'old' tower, it wasnt bad and after all you only have to sleep there. The hotel staff were always friendly, the pool size was fine and the hotel in general was in a great location, just across the road from the beach. As for the prostitutes that stand outside the hotel at night well we didnt see one and if they were there, they certainly kept themselves to themselves !We'd definately go back every year if it wasnt for the flight time and the jet lag !!!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Davarua
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised My wife and I had modest expectations for this hotel when we booked three nights here in early November 2004. However, we were very pleasantly surprised by the quality of the Princess Kaiulani. Our room were simple, but quite clean and comfortable, with a spacious lani. Staff and facilities were above average. Perhaps the best feature of this hotel is it's excellent Waikiki location. The hotel lies right in the center of things, just across the street from the beach and a half block from both the beach park and the International Market place. We would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay Spent 5 nights here October through November of 2004, 3 nights one week then 2 the next week. Great service, good staff. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in Honolulu. Beach is maybe 4 minutes away, convenient to everything. Only thing to be careful of is the working girls downstairs by the street at night and nobody seems to take notice of them. I say this because there is a police station just across the street and maybe two buildings over. Go figure.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani We stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani Hotel for 6 days in October. Arrived at 11am and were immediately provided with our room. As a Sheraton Preferred Guest I had booked the Standard Room rate of $119 with the limited view and was pleasantly advised that we had been upgraded to the 6th floor overlooking the pool. Rooms are dated but clean and provide all the necessities. Big problem is the neighbouring room noise. You can hear the television and EVERYTHING else (must have been honeymooners in room 626!!!). Great location and easy access to shops, restaurants, beach and transport. No need to take beach towels. These are provided for use by the pool and at the beach. Also provided are beach mats and chairs. Great service. Pineapple juice and freshly cut pineapple is served by the pool on Fridays. The best pineapple you will EVER taste. There is easy access to the beach via the lobby of the Sheraton Moana Surfrider and be sure to purchase your blow up rings from the ABC Store for about $3.50 and experience swimming with sea turtles each afternoon about 100 metres straight out from the Surfrider. We will definitely be back to the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani next year.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service and a great stay I booked with the Princess Kaiulani through my Starwood Preferred membership and then stayed from Oct. 11-15th, 2004. While I was familiar with the PK and knew it was not up to the multi-star status of other Sheratons, I was not prepared for the terrific service I experienced during my stay. Traveling alone on business can be tiresome and a bit daunting for a female. However, the PK made my stay memorable. For instance: the hall light outside my room was out, but within 15 mins. of my call downstairs, an electrician was there fixing the light. On another occasion, the room hairdryer didn't function, and again within 15 mins. I had a new hairdryer. Repeatedly, whenever I needed something or whenever I had a problem or a question (directions, billing etc.), the staff was professional and accommodated my request. I also received an excellent rate from the hotel and was given 2 upgrades to a larger room with a partial ocean view.While there are inherent problems in the hotel (i.e. one has to walk through the dining area to go anywhere), there are an equal as well as greater number of advantages: excellent floor shows, no beach or pool towel nazis, helpful concierage, great room attendants (spotless room). I thought the PK was an excellent value and an excellent facility.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Polynesian Show at the Princess Kaiulani Creation: Polynesian Odyssey at the Princess Kaiulani is a dinner/show. Our hotel offered a 2 for 1 deal on tickets so we decided to check it out. It was a waste of $--even with the 2 for 1 deal. Food was bland and it wasn't the typical luau food. Performances weren't that great either. We left early...  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RBM1
<Content>Just okay We stayed at the Sheraton Princess over Memorial Day weekend for $119/night. We had some difficulty checking in with the $50 credit we got through spg--- (we are starwood members) - but the front desk staff was helpful and tried their best. It was the Starwood/Sheraton headquarters office phone number they called that was giving so much trouble. The hotel lobby is nice and the location is great - you can walk right across the street to the Sheraton Moana Surfrider out onto the sand/beach. However, the hotel rooms were not up to Sheraton standards by any means - they were pretty outdated - but it was a decent deal for $119/night. The walls were pretty thin also so bring earplugs. I would rather pay more next time to stay at a nicer hotel like the Surfrider across the street. Although I did not see the actual rooms, I assume with the higher cost to stay there that the rooms were in better condition and the lobby is magnificient.We had 1 meal at this hotel - the seafood buffet that wasn't really worth the price. With all the restaurants in Waikiki, I think you'd be better off there than at the hotel.On a separate note - if you love sushi, check out Sansei - they're in Honolulu but not right in Waikiki. Also, the Honolulu Coffee Co. is across the street attached to the Moana Surfrider, they had great coffee and breakfast pastries. A nice change from the usual Starbucks.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient busy location, great service We booked this hotel though Priceline and it fit our vacation nicely. It's in central Waikiki so very convenient (near bus stops, beach, stores, eateries). It's kinda noisy but quiets down around 11PM. The hotel constantly has stuff going on (vendors, musical performers at night). Our room in the Tower was decent size, clean, comfortable (bathroom was nice size). We didn't eat there at all and didn't enjoy passing through the buffet eating area every time we had to get to the elevators, which made the lobby smell of food constantly. Really liked how they provided us with a hospitality room after checking out so we can freshen up and rest a bit. A good choice for a package.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Agape1124
<Content>Very nice Stay! This was our first time to Hawaii and the PK made it a memorable one. I did book through expedia so our rooms were fairly cheap, so when we checked in we automatically upgraded to a room over the pool and I must say that made all the difference at our stay at the PK. We loved the live music every night by the pool. The food was pretty expensive I would recommend staying away from the Japanese restaurant, not worth the price!!! Overall a wonderful stay and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Place to Stay Stayed for 8 days from August 18. I've been here 4 times already. What I expected in a Waikiki hotel - on a busy street with lots of shops all over the place. The rooms were small but all you need is a place to sleep. We had the partial Ocean view and if you lean out over the balcony enough you will see some ocean. Location wise it was a little North where most of the Japanese tourist stay. We had the choice of the Waikiki beach with waves or the quiet Kuhio beach( bring a float to lay in). Food at hotel was expensive but cheaper alternatives around (see Fatty's). There were prostitutes on the side street at night but they did not stick out that much. Excellent staff especially Naomi the Concierge. Lots of street noise especially some drummer on Kaiopolani. Tiny and deep pool which we never used. Overall not a bad place.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PK I've stayed at the PK a couple of times with mixed results. If your room was in the back and not in the Tower or facing the pool then yeah, I believe you had a lousy room. However, as a Starwood Member, you can upgrade to a nice room.For an extra $20 a night, I had an big room in the tower with an ocean view. Do your homework: ask if your room is by the parking garage, overlooking the pool or even with a partial ocean view. If it's anywhere near the garage, upgrade!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It Was Filthy We booked two rooms at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani in Waikiki. When we checked into our rooms, I was shocked when I saw how dirty the carpet and the bathrooms looked. There was nail clippings in the corner of the carpet and piled dust that hasn't been vacuumed for ages. There was human hair in the bathroom, particularly on the sink. Yuck.Dust everywhere. The blankets have holes in them. You would assume that since it's part of the Sheraton Family of hotels, it would be a decent, clean place to stay. The property needs major improvement in the management of room service. To say the least, I was very disappointed. I wouldn't recommend anyone to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Hotel! I stayed at the PK in 2003. This was my second trip to Hawaii  i wasn't dissapointed. The entrance to the hotel is beautiful  the lobby is very grand. The pool area is lovely  every evening have live bands  Hula dancers. Although the swimming pool itself has an extremely deep, deep end! Strange as you are not allowed to actually dive into it! My room was clean  comfortable  quite spacious. The air conditioning was a little noisy, but i'd rather have the noise than sleep in a hot room! We had breakfast most mornings in the hotel, this wasn't cheap  we had to end up sharing it with lots of pigeons  doves!! Better was a cafe just next to the hotel which served much cheaper food. I am going for my third trip to Hawaii in October 2004  although i'm staying in a different hotel i would definately stay at the PK again  recommend anyone to stay there.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton Princess was a Gem! We stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani Hotel for 2 weeks during July31-Aug.14th (2 weeks), and all I can say was, it was wonderful. Mind you, I did my homework before we booked with this hotel, I read all the reviews re: this hotel and I knew what tower to stay in before we booked. I heard bad reviews about the Kaiulani Tower and I knew I didn't want to stay in that tower. But I read great reviews re: the Princess Tower, so I knew that I wanted to get a room in that particular tower. Well, the first day we got there and the clerk booked us in the Kaiulani Tower which I refused to go to, but the clerk was really nice and managed to find a room available in the princess tower the next day. So we were to spend 1 night in the Kaiulani tower and then the following day they would move our suitcases to the princess tower which we wanted. Well.....the reviews for the kaiulani tower were right, the room was awful. We were on the 5th floor, balcony facing a dark parking lot, the room was dark, the room was so small, the bathroom was old and the beds looked really small and we were 4 people. The air condition was so noisey throughout the night, that we didn't sleep well at all. The next day, they moved us in later on in the day a the princess tower, wow.......what a transition......the room was bigger, we were on the 5th floor, facing the poolside and the street, the room also had a small couch and it was much more spacious and brighter with sunshine coming through our window. The air conditioner was newer and quieter, we didn't think it was on, thats how quiet it was. We stayed in this room for 2 wonderful weeks. It is our second time in Hawaii and we will be back for a third. We love Hawaii, the people are friendly and helpful and kind. But most of all we love the beaches, they are breathtaking. I'm hoping we go back in 5 years and I can't wait. I highly recommend this hotel, if you stay in the right tower, the people and staff are very friendly and really go out to make your stay comfortable. The service for breakfast, lunch and dinner are fantastic. The food is good too!A  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just a so-so hotel I vacationed at the PK from Aug 19-26th. I visit Hawaii every other year and usually stay at the Waikiki Beachcomber but decided to try the PK for a change of pace. What a big mistake! The front staff was cordial and booked me in the older wing...what a huge dump! It appears that no improvements or routine maintenance has been done to the older wing in decades! The room I had was extremely small and the bathroom appeared as it did in the 1940's (i.e. pale yellow floor tiles, a public restroom type toilet, old sink that hasn't seen a can of Ajax cleanser in decades). What really threw me were the millions of TERMITES found crawling along the baseboards, in the light fixtures AND a few on the bed! This room is not fit for anyone to stay in!!! I immediately called the front desk and was moved to the newer wing on the second floor. It was somewhat of an improvement. The carpet and bathroom were clean. No termites, however there were these tiny black bugs that seemed to appear out of nowhere and then disappear just as fast. Gross!! The guest services manager sent up a food basket, but not for the bugs...he sent a basket for an AC problem that we called about...hmmm, we hadn't even complained about the A/C! This should be indicative of how this hotel works!Take your money to another hotel. The newer rooms are OK, the older ones aren't fit to house even the prostitutes who can be found in droves on the side of the PK hotel. Go to the Waikiki Beachcomber instead.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware! if i could leave a worse star rating i would. what a dump. rooms look like they haven't been upgraded since '81. the beds are small...i had a FULL bed, not a queen. Yet hotel mgmt insisted i had a queen. The real kicker is that I reserved a KING bed, which they refused to give me. hotel staff was most unhelpful across the board.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a great time In reply to TripAdvisor User, Dallas TX August 2 2004 - I stayed at the PK November 1999 and as the PK is owned by a Japanese Company it is where the JAL crew stay between flights. I had a great time watching the Japanese weddings, and enjoyed watching children. The ladies of the evening work most of the streets after 11 pm.When I return to Honolulu I shall have no hesitation in booking a room at the PK.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its alright for the price I stayed at the princess the first week of april and to be honest, it was ok for the price. I received a airline discount (friends are in the industry) and ended up paying around 79/night. The room we had wasnt what i consider 5 star(more 3 or 3 1/2), but it had a decent bed and excellent view of the pacific and the koolaus. Normally, this room would run around $250US a night, which personally it wasnt worth. Seeing that this is an older hotel, the price is certainly is not worth the product.This hotels main business seems to lie in two groups: Airline industry(saw alot of JAL flight crews coming in) and the asian tourist market(lots of japanese weddings and families with kids). I also saw a smattering of anglo,black and latins to even out the mix. My only real complaints about this place are A)The hotel seems only concerned about their asian market business(JAL,asian weddings) and not their other clientel and B) Ladies of the evening work the corner after 11pm.All in all, its a hotel that could use some improvement.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>aloha princess We got a room through Priceline for US$90. Well worth it! Super location, almost on the beach. Enjoyed the poolside entertainment and mai tai's! Nice quiet room, minimal view, but clean and comfortable. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i felt like a princess i loved staying at the pk. My room was very clean and neat. Pool was wonderful as well as the entertainment. Hawaii is so beautiful and being at the pk made it worth the long flight. But plan a luai when u visit. the trip was pleaseant. SPK WAS GREAT!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sgleitz
<Content>Wonderful Time Had a great time! Traveled to Hawaii for the first time in January of 2003. It ended up being two couples and we made a request for adjoining rooms and the were pleasantly able to accomadate us! We were upgraded to the ocean view room after expecting a view of nothing for the price we paid. Very convienent to everything, we never ate at the hotel, due to the prices that were posted in the hotel's lobby. There are too many decent priced restaurants around to justify the cost of eating at the hotel. Our group didn't rent a car from the airport we took a cab from the airport and found it easy to walk around. When we did more sightseeing we renting a car at Avis right around the corner and returned it that day to avoid the park charges, and by the way it is expensive to park anywhere. The beach was very easy to get to we walked right through the lobby of the Moana Surfrider and walked right onto the sand. The staff at the Moana were very nice and pleasantly served us drinks when we took many breaks from the sun. Had to laugh at the amount of hookers that line the street in front of the hotel at night. The only problem we had was on a rainy night the water ran on the inside portion of the window glass, this could explain the musty smell, but other than that no complaints on the room. The service is a little slower but isn't that what vacation is for, to slow down? Everyone there was very pleasant and would stay there again.   
<Date>May 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mommyonvacation
<Content>Nice Hotel The Princess Kaiulani is fine. It is not a luxury resort but you will have a nice, clean room. The lobby and poolside lounge are very beautiful. The rooms look like they haven't been updated for a while but they are clean and comfortable. You're hardly ever in the room anyway. It is only a block from the beach and is within walking distance to many shops and resturants. I wouldn't advise upgrading to a partial ocean view however. When we got there, we were told that we had been upgraded as a courtesy. The view wasn't much, but we didn't pay for it so we didn't care. Looking straight out we saw the tops of the International Market Place. The ocean was mostly obscured by other buildings between us and the beach. We didn't have anything to complain about and our stay was fine. If you want to be really pampered in luxury this is not the place. But if you just want a decent place to sleep and be close to the beach, it's a good deal.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved the PK ... We visited the PK for 10 nights in March 04. We spent our first night in one of PK's more average rooms but the following day we were upgraded to a beautiful, 14th floor, full ocean view room - for no extra charge!! We found the staff at the PK extremely friendly, and the location of the hotel is by far one of the best on Waikiki. We plan to visit Oahu next year and will definitely be booking into the PK.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A terrific deal! My husband and I stayed in the Sheraton Princess from March 6th to March 13th. Needless to say, I was very worried before our departure based on some of the reviews read on this website. To our surprise, our room was great: clean, spacious, quiet, with a nice lanai. Although the view was not spectacular because we took the cheapest deal on priceline, it was lovely for its value. The service was very professional. We got help for our travalling needs. Everybody was courteous and accommodating in spite of the large crowds we found during our stay. The location could not be better: in the hear of Waikiki, close to all the bus lines, and across the street from the beach. The swimming pool is small, but who needs a swimming pool when you have one of the best beaches literally two minutes walk from the hotel? Overall, great place to stay for its money value.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Relax...it's FINE. I had booked my trip to the PK prior to reading the reviews here. Needless to say, I was very anxious about how the hotel would turn out. Everything was absolutely fine. We were treated wonderfully by the entire staff...and were upgraded without asking to a king bed/ partial oceanview room which looked down on the pool area. Very pleasant. The location is great....and the price is reasonable. The room could have been updated a bit.... but it was spotless. If someone is a 'high end' traveler...and is used to, say, a Four Seasons, then yes, they will be disappointed. But for an average person, its fine.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snokat
<Content>Hotel Princess K: Better than I expected! My husband and I stayed at the PK March 2  3 as part of a travel agent's package arrangements. We had just landed after an 8 hour non-stop flight and I was exhausted from a flu I caught the day before embarking. Thanks to the reviews here, I had some ideas when we arrived, like: drop off your luggage at the front door and watch them while your husband parks the rental car in the ramp. That way, you don't have to lug them down from the ramp. The bell hop/porter person was very good with service and friendly. Also, I learned that getting a Starwood card before leaving on my trip helped at check-in. The young woman was very courteous at the front desk. We were late checking in because of a HORRENDOUS car rental experience with Alamo (also set up by the Travel agent). I was dreading seeing the room and as we went down the hallway, I realized we were not in the newer tower part! But as we entered the room I was pleasantly surprised to find we were in a corner room and up high enough to watch surfers on Waikiki from our balcony! I nervously peeked into the bathroom and...glory be! No bugs! No mold or mildew! Everything looked like it had been scrubbed and was quite clean, freshly painted, wallpapered and the carpet looked shampooed! The beds were 2 doubles put together, but since my husband snores, I didn't mind- they were comfortable enough. My only complaint was the stupid street performers below and the terrible noise one of them made with his boom box playing such stupid lame-o music! His act was uncreative, untalented and dumb, yet he attracted lots of Japanese tourists for some reason. Even with the doors and windows shut and the heavy drapes pulled that awful music was blaring and finally stopped at 11:00 pm! With the Waikiki police station practically across the street one would think these pests could be controlled! Other than that, we enjoyed our time in Honolulu. The breakfast buffet was fine - our waitress was so nice and suggested fresh papaya for my tummy. It works! We ate in the hotel restaurant for dinner and the food was so-so. Someone earlier mentioned that they cater to Japanese tourists and I think I agree, but that is the case ALL over Honolulu!  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honolulu: Princess Kaiulani Hotel: "Great Hotel," The Princess Kaiulani Hotel was a great experience from the time I entered until I left to return home. I stayed there in June 2003. I purchased a Vacation pachage through Expediathat included hotel/air/and car. After arriving in Honolulu, I picked up my car from the rental agency and drove to Waikiki. I checked in early in the afternoon and was upgraded to a better room from the one booked. The room was very clean and maintained. The location of the Hotel was near everything. The international Market place was next door,Denny's 1 block away, Great places to eat all around, and close access to the Freeway to get to anywhere you may want to go. The staff was great, always courteous and helpful with what ever my needs were. Although this Hotel was listed as a three star, I had a four star experience. I will vacation again in Hawaii and will stay at the Princess Kaiulani.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please Stay Somewhere Else!!!!!! NOT WORTH IT not even sure where to begin....my wife and I just came back on 28 Feb from our 'honeymoon' and we stayed at the Sheraton PK. First of all, the Oceanview room that we paid a premium for $325/night looked directly into another hotel, if you strained your neck from the lanai you could catch a glimpse of the ocean. The agent downstairs would only respond by saying well those are the ocean view rooms This was room 2467, ask them to see it if you don't believe me. It probably was oceanview when it was built, but since then many many many more developments have gone up around this place, and your views are of urban sprawl. Do not let them con you into one of these rooms.Secondly, their policy of pay at one, play at all three is a flat out LIE. My wife and I went across the street to the Sheraton Moana Surf-Rider, which was on the beach.....we told the attendant that we were from their sister property and their response was okay, you can swim in our pool, and use our beach BUT, DO NOT use our towels, DO NOT sit on our chairs or pool furniture, and DO NOT lay on our beach....if you would like to sit, there is a patch of grass in the corner I had to say I have never felt like a 2nd class citizen until this point.Never EVER will I stay at a Sheraton again. The only people who were cordial were the waitstaff/bartenders in the Pikake lounge, and that is probably because we were paying $2-3 more for drinks than we could get a few storefronts down the road.So not worth it. Trust me, don't stay here.The rooms themselves were miserable, and don't even get me started on the nasty bathrooms.Please, don't end up having to apologize to your new wife all week long like I did.......when all I was trying to do was give her a nice week somewhere.......  
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed here for two nights during late December 2003.Found it to be a great hotel; staff was very friendly and upgraded us to a bigger room (facing the street; across from the ocean) when we showed our Starwood Preferred card. Conceirge was very helpful. The nightly live entertainment by the pool was great. The restaurant was ok.It is across the street from the beach; not directly on the beach, but this was not a concern for us.Enjoyed our stay; if back in Waikiki, would stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average hotel My husband and I spent three days at this hotel in June, 2003. In light of what we paid per night, I was a little disappointed. The hotel has a musty smell and the pool is a joke. Lucky for us, we were only at the hotel to sleep so it didn't cause a problem. If you intend to spend little to no time at this hotel, then it's a decent place to stay. If not, I'd go with another place -- there are plenty of other options.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel The room was clean. I would stay here again. The show was great. A good place to eat is Dukes across the street. Go down about 6 Hotels and it's in the back by the water. This is where i'll stay if i came back. we were there 2-1-04 for 6 nites.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Treated well February 18, 2004. Stayed at the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani for our last night on the Hawaiian Islands. This hotel is located in a very nice location in Waikiki and was very busy. This said we were treated very well when we checked in and the Bell Person brought us our luggage must faster then I had expected (seeing the pile of luggage outside when we arrived). The rooms were small and a bit musty smelling but we were upgraded to an Ocean View for some reason (Maybe because I am a Starwood Preferred Guest). This gave us a balcony overlooking the pool and the ocean could be seen over the other hotels. One of the best perks we were provided and I have never been offered anywhere else was the availability of a hospitality room. Checkout was at 11:00 and they could not extend it because they were in a sold out state, however, they offered us a room that we could check out and use for 1 hour to shower and clean up before we had to leave for the airport. We arrived at 2:30 pm after going to the beach and were able to get prepared for our trip home. The eight hour flight was much more tolerable. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old small rooms but no ants! I was worried after we booked at this hotel when I read some reviews that mentioned ants. There was no way I was staying in a room with ants! Well, I didn't have to. We were upgraded (thankfully, because I would hate to see the original room). Our room was clean enough to be free of ants, but we never unpacked our clothes into the drawers because they just didn't seem clean enough. We weren't expecting much, and that's what we got. We didn't stay in the worst wing, which looked like it was in drastic need of renovation (we accidentally ended up there once). I guess it is a case of getting what you pay for, as the rate we got was not bad. But I think next time I might pay the extra $ and go to the Moana Surfrider.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I must not have been at the same place! I stayed at the PK January 20th - 24th and had a very pleasant experience. I wouldn't rate my room an A+, but it was a good solid B which is what I expected given the moderate price. I really enjoyed the central location and its proximity to the International Market. I never ate at the PK other than 1 room service breakfast that was quite good so I can't comment on their buffet (I don't like buffets anyway). The staff was very friendly and helpful and I really enjoyed the pool the one time I used it. If I were travelling with someone else to share the room cost, I probably wouldn't stay at the PK, but given the price and location I would stay there again on a solo trip like this one.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointment is an understatement Just returned from a stay at the Kaiulani from Jan. 17-21. We weren't expecting much given the reviews on this site, however, I was hoping that with the Sheraton name we could at least expect a minimum level of quality. Boy were we wrong. The room was small and old, as most other report. The meals at the buffet were horrible. I know not to expect too much from buffets, but we stayed at other hotels in Honolulu and Maui and the Sheraton's food was pure slop in comparison. The pool was small and poorly located. (Though this might not be a concern given the location of the beach across the street. Also, if you are traveling with children (or even if you aren't), be prepared for the hordes of prostitutes that hang out in this area every night. While it didn't feel dangerous, it wasn't exactly the environment that we were looking for. Overall, you're travel expenditures are better off being spent elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can't believe the Sheraton has such horrible rooms Luckily I only stayed for two nights at this Sheraton because it was absolutely horrendous - the room was smaller than the rooms in NYC hotels and it was in need of major renovation. The word that comes to mind is 'shabby'. One would expect that it being a Sheraton it would at least be clean but that it was not. I can't belive that Sheraton would associate its name with a room of such low caliber. I did ask for a room change but I was told that because I had gotten a special rate through priceline I could not even pay for an upgrade. The staff was not hospitable or friendly and I was glad to leave there. By the way, afterwards we went to the Waikiki Beachcomber where the room was much bigger and cleaner but also in need of some renovation. I don't know how priceline rates its hotels but these were definitely not 3-star rooms by AAA standards.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aloha_2005
<Content>Not recommendrd... This hotel may be the worst of the 4 Sheratons on Waikiki. Checking in (daytime), there were only 2 or 3 clerks, the check-in process took 10+ minutes, due to the slow cmptr system. Within a few minutes, a line of people quickly formed behind me... yet, the same pple were (still) checking-in, and no new agents were to be found. A Manager popped in and out of the back, but offered no help to the agents, nor sent more pple out! I avoided the front desk whenever I could... but even cashing some traveller's checks proved to be a 10 minute 'experience.' And the agents, when you finally got to the front desk, did not seem happy to serve you! Sort of... 'take the money and run' attitude. I am a frequent visitor to HNL but I will avoid the PK -- not a pleasant stay!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Kaiulani-Thumbs UP! We stayed at the Princess Kaiulani from January 15-18, 2004. We received an upgrade from a standard room to a room with an ocean view without any problem. The room itself was fine, the bathroom appeared to have been recently remodeled. The room was clean although the carpet appeared worn in a couple spots and also had a couple stains. The staff was very courteous and prompt. Maintenance was called to our room once and the problem was corrected quickly, we also received a call from the hotel apologizing. I thought the food was overpriced within the hotel and only ate lunch there once. There are a variety of restaurants to choose from that are near the hotel. Overall, I would recommend the Kaiulani.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Princess Kaiulani very nice   showReview(1437173, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Sheraton PK!   showReview(1400810, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice location   showReview(1344956, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly and lovely!   showReview(1216280, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Holiday!   showReview(934041, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horror!   showReview(920120, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved the PK   showReview(917771, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Looks nice, but rooms are not   showReview(860783, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 24, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value   showReview(857844, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ants in my room???   showReview(642361, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 15, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇倞銇ｃ伜
<Content>绶忓悎鐨勩伀銇裤仸鍚堟牸鐐?#x201d;   showReview(23369434, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>taishodo
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈備究鍒┿仹銇?#x201d;       銈枫儐銈ｃ兗銉撱儱銉笺伄閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>sthsieh
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘瑕冲厜銇伅鏈€閬?#x201d;   showReview(23231498, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>akira1977
<Content>銇欍仈銇椼倓銇欍亜銇с仚   showReview(23212802, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Cocorin
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢鏈€楂樸€?#x201d;   showReview(22204868, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇屻仯銇嬨倞銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(22855678, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽伀銇椼仸銇亰鎵嬨仈銈?#x201d;   showReview(22855598, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>銈儯銉冦偡銉?> 銈儯銉冦偡銉?</a> </div>
<Content>鑰佽垪銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21290805, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Hawaii濂姐亶鈾?> Hawaii濂姐亶鈾?</a> </div>
<Content>銈儶銈广優銈广伄瑁呴＞蹇呰銇с仚锛?#x201d;       銈儶銈广優銈广伄銈搞偑銉┿優  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇傘亶銇傘亶
<Content>鏈濋   showReview(21196015, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈熷緟銇仛銈屻仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(21745351, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>spitz2
<Content>渚垮埄銇儹銈便兗銈枫儳銉?#x201d;   showReview(21164149, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇伄銇с儶銉斻兗銈裤兗銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(21745332, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈儐銈ｃ兗
<Content>銉夈偗銈裤兗銈兂銈炽兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(20950327, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩倣銇勩倣渚垮埄銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(21744920, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nemui
<Content>瓒呬究鍒┿仾绔嬪湴       灞卞伌  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>koropoku
<Content>銈枫儳銉硷紒   showReview(20799049, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇儛銉勩偘銉炽仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(21744626, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>seabreez777
<Content>绔嬪湴鐨勩伀銇簚瓒炽仹銇欍亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;       nice view  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>銇俱倱銇俱倠銇?> 銇俱倱銇俱倠銇?</a> </div>
<Content>鍙ゃ亜銇戙仼娓呮綌       閮ㄥ眿銇亾銈撱仾鎰熴仒  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	5	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>tarepanda-a
<Content>銉椼兗銉偟銈ゃ儔銇湞椋熴亴鏈€楂?#x201d;   showReview(20222444, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>chiesato
<Content>銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷銇х珛鍦般倐鑹亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(20211995, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>mitsubachi75
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾姕缇ゃ仾銇伀銇婃墜闋冧尽鏍笺仹婧€瓒筹紒   showReview(20058507, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>銇傘仌銇勩仭
<Content>绔嬪湴OK   showReview(19688310, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournons   showReview(20550478, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sedona1001
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇腑蹇冦伀銇傘倞銇俱仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19591125, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜屽害銇ㄦ硦銇俱倞銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19915419, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銇亾銉戙兂銉€
<Content>銇欍仈銇忋亜銇勩倧銇戙仹銈傛偑銇勩倧銇戙仹銈傘仾銇勭劇闆ｃ仾銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19144716, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>takayuki
<Content>绔嬪湴銇倧銈娿伀浣庝尽鏍?#x201d;   showReview(18999946, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>銉偆銉炽儨銉笺偡銉ｃ儻銉?> 銉偆銉炽儨銉笺偡銉ｃ儻銉?</a> </div>
<Content>绔嬪湴鏉′欢銇岃壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(18896707, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣銇屻亜銇俱伈銇ㄣ仱銆?#x201d;   showReview(19914579, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绐佺劧銇梾姘椼伀銈傚畨蹇冦仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19172383, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉€銉°儮銉?#x201d;   showReview(19172114, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉诲嫊銈掕€冦亪銇熴倝   showReview(19171909, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銈偊銈㈠ぇ閫氥倞銇潰銇椼仸銇熴仱澶с亶銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19171852, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nous y retournerons   showReview(17433632, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゃ亰銇欍仚銈併儧銉嗐儷锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170906, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓   showReview(19170858, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屾姕缇わ紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19170368, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋偆銉汇偑銉笺偡銉ｃ兂銉撱儱銉笺仹銇傘倢銇般亰鍊ゆ浠ヤ笂銇尽鍊ゃ亗銈娿€?#x201d;   showReview(19169876, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏅壊銇岋姬锛集锛ゃ仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19169179, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉?銉椼儶銉炽偦銈?銈偆銈︺儵銉?銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19168558, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓変笘浠ｅ鏃忔梾琛?#x201d;   showReview(19168275, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aludava
<Content>Fantastico   showReview(12457725, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鑹仐锛?#x201d;   showReview(19167177, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇倐杩戙亜鎵嬮爟銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19166974, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂?!   showReview(19166958, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤亴銈堛亸銆併儶銉笺偤銉娿儢銉仾渚℃牸   showReview(19166846, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>璨枫亜鐗┿€併偘銉儭銇伅渚垮埄   showReview(19165810, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲愭鍙ゃ亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19165803, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉堛兗銈裤儷鐨勩伀鑹亜銉涖儐銉仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163773, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇仐銇﹁壇銇嬨仯銇燂紒   showReview(19162902, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銉兗銈恒儕銉栥儷锛嗕究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19161521, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇亜銇勩仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19161518, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇曘仚銇屻偑銉笺偡銉ｃ兂銉撱儱銉?#x201d;   showReview(19160183, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>derglobetrotter
<Content>Japanese Island   showReview(6732298, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸浜ら€氳嚦渚?#x201d;   showReview(19159240, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€銈兗銈枫儳銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇?..   showReview(21801428, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉戙偆銉儍銉堛伀浼氥亪銈?#x201d;   showReview(19158038, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绻佽彲琛椼仹銉偆銈偔銉撱兗銉併伀杩戙亜   showReview(19155813, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儻銈ゆ渶楂橈紒锛侊紒   showReview(19155265, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑷珛銇曘倢銇︺亱銈夈亱銇倞...   showReview(21800391, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉椼儶銉炽偦銈广偒銈ゃ偊銉┿儖娉?#x201d;   showReview(19930153, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇濄倢銇倞銇硦銇俱倠銇伅銇娿仚銇欍倎銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19930098, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈亸銇︾逗楹椼仹渚垮埄锛?#x201d;   showReview(19930060, 'full');   
<Date>May 22, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇€併儮銈儕...   showReview(19929266, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹銇埄鐢ㄣ仹銇椼仧...   showReview(19927908, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫儳銉冦償銉炽偘銇欍倠浜恒伅...   showReview(19927793, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇屻仺銇︺倐銇勩亜銇с仚...   showReview(19927302, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱伄銉涖儐銉倐绔嬪湴銇亜...   showReview(19926463, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銈偊銈㈤€氥倞銇潰銇?..   showReview(19925886, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銈裤兗銉嶃儍銉堛亱銈変簣...   showReview(19925129, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈裤儻銉笺偊銈ｃ兂銈版渶涓婇殠...   showReview(19924516, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴鍫存墍銇仺銇︺倐渚垮埄...   showReview(19924428, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔銇腑蹇冭銇亗...   showReview(19924364, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儙銉儷銉炪儵銈姐兂銇儜...   showReview(19923711, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈枫偋銉┿儓銉崇郴銇уソ绔嬪湴...   showReview(19923124, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠栥伄銈枫偋銉┿儓銉炽伀姣斻伖...   showReview(19922671, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 5, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偆銈偔浜ょ暘銇俱仹寰掓...   showReview(19922342, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儵銈偊銈㈤€氥倞銇嬨倝銇?..   showReview(19922162, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銈傜箒鑿銇腑蹇冦伀...   showReview(19921703, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐨嗐仌銈撶煡銇ｃ仸銇俱仚銇?..   showReview(19921327, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇勩仱銈傘€併儚銉偆銇銇?..   showReview(19920708, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶅洖銆併偄銉儚銈点兗銉曘伀...   showReview(19920580, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃╂湞銇儧銉嗐儷銇仱銇勩仸...   showReview(19920457, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€闅庛伀鏃ユ湰瑾炪亴閫氥仒銈?..   showReview(19920198, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儠銉兂銉堛仹...   showReview(19919294, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦板洺銇ц銈嬨仺绲愭濂ャ伀...   showReview(19919002, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇倧銈娿伀銇牬鎵€銇?..   showReview(19918773, 'full');   
<Date>May 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銉儑銉炽偊銈ｃ兗銈伀...   showReview(19918598, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉炽倰鍒╃敤銇椼伨...   showReview(19918253, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 12, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍥ｄ綋瀹倐澶氥亸娣枫倱銇с亜...   showReview(19917992, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍓嶆棩銇俱仹瀹挎硦銇椼仸銇勩仧...   showReview(19917580, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈兗銈枫儯銉炽儞銉ャ兗銇ㄣ伅...   showReview(19917573, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

