<Author>me4him77
<Content>No Shuttle after 10:30 PM We searched for a hotel that would offer a late shuttle bus. After finding this one, having advertised 24 hr shuttle bus via their website, we chose this one so we could have everything lined up for our evening. Disappointed that they cut off service at 10:30PM, after arriving at the DAL Lovefield airport at 11:30, we ended up having to get a taxi. No complimentary breakfast as stated via the website.No complimentary newspaper, even though one was left in front of other doors, just not ours.Bathroom fan didn't work, leaving the room slimy after a nice refreshing shower.Rude staff working front desk, would not assist with making any shuttle arrangements for the next morning, was told we would have to get to the shuttle desk at 6AM to make any arrangements.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	1	3	

<Author>ptin
<Content>Great Service - Great Staff I was a little hesitant when I read the reviews that others had listed on this site to book a conference that would total around a 100 rooms and conference facilities. But given that people are to always willing to condem rather than praise, I took the chance and went forward with our plans. I must say that my expectations were exceed at every turn. The conference facilities were outstanding, the restaurant excellent, and the rooms very comfortable and clean. Not one of my participants had anything to say that was negative about their experience. The staff that I dealt with always were attentive to our needs and helpful to the max. It is one thing to get a review from one person staying one night, but I think the proof of the pudding is to be responsible for a 100 plus people and still not get one negative comment. I liked the location as it was easy to get to both sightseeing areas and trendy restaurants in the area. Shopping was easily accessible as well. Readers should consider this for what it is, an excellent place to stay, located in a convenient area, and well priced for services received.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>europeiscool
<Content>Terrible hotel, terrible customer service I stayed here for a conference but wish had stayed elsewhere. When I got to the room, the toilet had been used and not flushed! Gross! And there was a spider in the bath tub. The room was not very clean either. On one of the nights, a live band was playing in the bar and I could hear it in the room way past midnight. Good luck calling the operator because they hardly pick up the phone. My boss's car was also broken into on one of the nights. Bottom line, don't stay here. There are plenty of nicer hotels in the vicinity so avoid this dump in Dallas.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>ycal19
<Content>Horrible Service!! I booked my room and a room for my mother in law through hotwire back in Feb. I also blocked rooms for my wedding guests on the weekend of July 19th. From the moment I signed the contract to block rooms, the service became unbearable. I had an incredibly difficult time reaching anyone. It took me three days and a call to the corporate office before I was able to reach someone to schedule shuttle service for my wedding.When the time came for my mother in law to check in on Friday (she booked Friday night in addition to the night we booked her on hotwire) they couldn't find her reservation. I had to call a manager before they would find her a room. When she tried to use the free shuttle service they offer, they argued with her and tried to get out of providing the service. When we checked in on Saturday, the service was not great either. We had our entire wedding party as well as many of our guests staying and getting ready in the hotel. I had to go to the front desk to ask for a luggage cart and they couldn't even get one for me. She directed me to a staff only area and tole me I could get one from there. Not one of my guests was able to get and help with their luggage.The rooms were clean enough, but not great. Room service trays that were in the hallway when we checked in were still there when we checked out. Many stains on carpet and walls. I didn't shower there so I don't know about the bathrooms.Come time for check out on Sunday we found that they had double charge my mother in law and lost her hotwire reservation (that was already paid in full). It took over 30 minutes and a manager's assisatance to get it straightened out. When I requested a copy of my bill for the shuttle (We had to pay for the 'free' shuttle since we had a small group.) they were unable to give it to me. They charge by the person and the driver didn't record anything. They told me that they would email it to me later. The did email it to me, but they also double charged me on that.In short, had we not had non-refundable reservations through hotiwre, no one would have stayed at this hotel. The service was awful, the staff incompetent and the hotel dirty. For $9/night more than their reduced group rate (that was strangely enough, also available to the public online) we could have stayed at the Park Cities Hilton across the street from my wedding venue. Never again will I stay at a Radisson hotel.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>kkbenton
<Content>great location, but ICK! I'm working for 4 weeks in downtown Dallas and I chose the Radisson for the location - an easy walk to the Mockbird light rail station which dropped me off right outside the building where I'm working. Plus there are shops, restaurants, and a movie theater with several independent films. Also around the Mockbird station, there's a Jason's Deli and a Kroger grocery.So beyond that, well.. the parking was free and every other place I stayed charged $20/night, and I got this place for $111/night, which was the cheapest. The bed was comfortable and the room had updated furniture. The staff was friendly. The wireless was free.Beyond that, the problem is someone did the worst job I have ever seen at remodeling this hotel. Its like their idea to make it look nice was to throw cheap paint on a dirty wall and call it done. The wallpaper is peeling off the walls and every corner you look in is rusty, dirty, falling apart. The power outlets are all filthy, the paint has been patched in places with different colors, the tub faucet is falling apart and rusted out, the shower head is mounted out nearly 2 inches from the chipped tile that's been painted over and is now peeling. They dripped and smudged paint all over the wallpaper, tile, and countertops and didn't bother to clean it up. It makes the whole room seem dirty. Its gross. This is the only hotel I've stayed at this month without a refrigerator (or minibar frig.) It looks like they added on the lobby section of the hotel and didn't bother to do a full structural remodel - there are boarded up rooms downstairs. My room on the 4th floor only has a window from halfway up and a lovely view of the roof of the lobby.I decided not to come back due to the condition of the room, regardless of the price and convenience.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	4	4	4	

<Author>radissonhater
<Content>Food Poisoning!! Our high school took 37 cheerleaders to stay at the Radisson for cheer camp and within 24 hours of arriving, 30 of our girls had gone home with food poisioning and 2 had to be admitted to the hospital. When the front desk was asked about cleaning the rooms where 30 girls had been throwing up we were informed that the rooms would not be cleaned until the group left 2 days later and the girls were told that they needed to be responsible and clean up their own vomit and the vomit of their friends. When confronted about the possibility of food poisoning, the front desk waved us off and told us it was not their problem and that they would like to see us prove it! Interestingly enough, a group of cheerleaders the week before, stayed on the same floor and 2/3 of their group went home with food poisoning. If you stay in this hotel DO NOT eat the food and make sure that your room is clean because they told us themselves that they will not clean a room until you have checked out even if you have been throwing up for 3 days...  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CoaxCaptives
<Content>Absolute DUMP Stay Anywhere else       Crusty melted vomit like spot on carpet  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	3	

<Author>Aimster77
<Content>Pretty Good I was working at the Dallas Market for the weekend, so I booked a room at the Radisson. The hotel staff was friendly (even thought they were pretty busy), the bed was great, the room was clean, and they have a restaurant/bar on location. I was exhausted so I ate at the restaurant onsite. I was not totally thrilled with the service but the dinner was tasty. The breakfast buffett was so-so. There are plenty of good restaurants within walking distance so I would not let that discourage you.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>gruss
<Content>Comfort and convenience at the right price This hotel is primarily a business hotel. It was clean, comfortable and the staff was friendly. There is no hot tub, I thought there was but when I asked about it I was told it had been filled in with concrete. There is also no gift shop. The rooms were nice, and I felt like this hotel was a good value.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>OneAVONgal
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed at this hotel for a business meeting. We got great rates for the quality of hotel. I was disappointed in the small bathroom and the use of the sleep number bed. I know that I do not want one of these beds! The first night I didn't get much sleep because the bed was so uncomfortable. It is difficult to sit up on the side of the bed also because of the construciton of the mattress. The room was extremely clean and had nice furnishings.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>ProudTexan
<Content>Could be a lot better! While I really like the location of this hotel, I think it has gone downhill a bit and it seems that the hotel instead banks on its great location --- proximity to SMU, Northpark Mall, Lower Greenville and downtown ---- for patronage, rather than customer satisfaction. The hotel is a little noisy, the rooms, though clean, could use some updating. The business center consists of one computer and the workout facility is not functional right now. Don't get me wrong, I still think you get pretty good value here, but with a little more attention to detail, this hotel could make a quantum leap.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>goknicks
<Content>service bad, but comfort good I went to this hotel to attend a wedding reception. The service was bad, and my young cousins were complaning that the security was scaring them when they ran around. the rooms were pleasent.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	3	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>allaboutfamily
<Content>DON'T COUNT ON YOUR RESERVATION BEING CORRECT I booked the Radisson due to participation in a large event in Dallas. When I booked, I was offered an opportunity to upgrade to a Sleepnumber bed for an additional $7 per night. I accepted. When I arrived after 9:00 p.m., we were not placed in a room with a Sleepnumber bed. The next morning, I talked with the reservation desk and they had no Sleepnumber rooms available. When I asked about my rate, the reservationist told me I was not charged, however, I knew I had been but wanted to check with another parent. Of course, I was overcharged by $14 for both nights (which is not alot but unacceptable). I waited until another reservationist was working the desk and was able to get a credit. In addition our coffee maker and alarm clock did not work but the hotel did replace immediately.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>aprille
<Content>Decent place, but gets the details wrong Whenever I see complaining reviews here, I think people are being oversensitive. However, I now definitely relate.The Radisson Central Dallas seems nice on the surface, but they get a lot of the little things wrong.Pro: Close to DART station and a small commercial area with some restaurants, shopping, and a movie theatre.Con: The walk to the station isn't particularly well-lit, and I might not feel safe doing it alone at night (I'm a woman).Pro: Nice toiletries in the bathroomCon: Grimy grout in the bathtub, poor water pressure. Also, this wouldn't bother me if other things hadn't been a little annoying, but both the sink and the shower had the hot and cold water reversed. This tricked me more than once when I was groggy.Pro: Wireless internetCon: Not free, also stopped working the second night we were there. The front desk said call the tech support line, but it was after hours and we gave up.Pro: Sleep Number BedCon: One side didn't adjust.Pro: Free shuttle to various places in the areaCon: The website says anywhere within five miles, but they wouldn't take me to the Convention Center, which seems like it's in that radius.Pro: Pool, fitness centerCon: Fitness center? This was just some cardio machines facing a wall in the same area as the hot tub, which made for a very hot and humid workout. There was a TV, but it was way up high and at an angle, so it was impossible to watch during a workout. I guess it was meant for the hot tub users. Good thing I had my iPod. No weights, no stretching area, no fans, no full-length mirror.Pro: a 24-hour restaurant a couple of blocks away (necessary because we arrived at night after hotel bar and restaurant stopped serving).Con: When I asked if it was somewhere we could get something quick and casual, the desk staff laughed at me. I'm sorry for asking such a dumb question; if I were local to Dallas, would I be staying at a hotel?Pro: Clean and safe feeling.Con: I was in the room one afternoon (long after the housekeeping crew had come and gone), and I was interrupted four times by maintenance people who had to come adjust or fix things. The next day, I was away from the hotel all day at a conference, and when I got back around 5:30, maintenance came again. It made me a little nervous to know how much traffic was going in and out of the room.I would not stay here again. The minuses outweigh the plusses. It wasn't disgusting or unsafe feeling, but too many little things went wrong to make it a good choice.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Twinscorps
<Content>Okay, but don't plan to get a tan by the pool The hotel is clean and modern with furniture that looks like it was updated recently. Couple of issues...I planned to lay out by the pool in the 107 degree heat, however, the outside portion of the pool small and shaded by the building. Parking near the hotel was a challenge, uness you want to park near the college administration building. The other issue was with the staff not being able to give accurate directions. The directions given took us about 20 miles out of our way. Other than that, an okay experience but I felt a little cheated because of the pool.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	2	3	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Buy in Dallas If you rich and want to spend $300 or more on a hotel the go to stay at the Hilton. It's nice, but if you're like most of us, $300 seems a little steep just for somewhere to sleep. I stayed at the Hilton, the went to the Raddison for my second night on my stay. The Raddison had everything the Hilton had, except the price tag, and only about 15 minutes away, so you're still driving distance away from all the shopping and attractions the big city has to offer.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>beachlova
<Content>Stinky and loud! I stayed here because it was the hotel that Priceline gave me for a 3* hotel at $50 plus tax. I was very disappointed with priceline's choice. I wouldn't stay here again for $20. The front desk was not professional at all. The girl checking me in obviously had a bad cold and was sneezing and coughing all over the counter and my key as she handed it to me. The hallway literally smelled like sewage. The traffic is so loud it made it impossible to sleep - the hotel is right on top of 75 (central expressway). The roomservice I ordered consisted of 4 pieces of cold french toast and oj - $16.95 after the delivery charge and tax. The paint was chipping off the bottom of the bathtub. I was so disgusted by it that I decided to skip showering and waited until I got home the next day. Oh!...the maid was vacuuming the room next to me at 11:00 p.m. (yes, late at night). It was a terrible place...avoid it!  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>AIMS312
<Content>Decent hotel, Good service We stayed at the Radisson for one night during the week. This trip was more business than pleasure, as my husband had to have a procedure done on his back and was required to lay flat for 24 hours after that. I booked the hotel through Priceline and was a little dissapointed in the price I paid, $70 with tax. We were at the hospital early that morning and I realized that we would be finished several hours before check in, so I called the hotel to see what could be done. The lady told me they were booked and our room probably wouldn't be ready until right at 3 or a little before. I explained my husband's situation and asked her to do her best to get a room ready for us. We arrived around 12:30 and the lady at the front desk (not the one I had spoke with before) told me she would see what she could do. We were able to go right up to our room, on the ninth floor. I wasn't too thrilled at first because the room was on the very top floor and my husband needed to be standing as little as possible, but it paid off later. My husband went up and I parked. While riding the elavator up to our floor, I noticed a few things. First, there was a soccer camp going on at SMU (right across the highway) and boys from the age of 10 to 18 filled the hotel. The younger ones liked to play on the elavators and we stopped at every single floor, hardly letting anyone on or off. I also noticed the decor of each floor as we stopped compared to the decor of our floor. The ninth floor was much nicer and quieter. I don't think they had any of the soccer players on that floor, as the suites were there. I believe we just received a regular guest room as it was about average size for a regular hotel room. The beds were pretty good, and when we called down for extra pillows, they were brought within five minutes. We chose to stay in and order room service. The food was good, about what you would get at most restaurants, and the service was prompt. We got a good nights sleep, thanks to being on the top floor, and they had a USA Today at our door the next morning. We did walk around the hotel, and had a drink at the bar. It was nicely decorated. The Radisson was a decent hotel, but we will probably stay somewhere else on our next trip to Dallas. The price for a 3 star hotel was my biggest complaint, but I'll learn to bid more wisely next time.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Temporary
<Content>Have DART will travel I stayed here for a conference (was on a budget and couldn't afford the main conference hotel in downtown). But this was a decent hotel, everything seemed to work just fine with no glitches or major problems.The hotel is about five minutes walk away from the Mockingbird Lane shopping center, full of interesting (if somewhat pricey) shops, restaurants and an art-house movie theater. There's also a DART train station, so trips to Downtown Dallas can be made in a few minutes. I was mostly out and about, so didn't use the hotel facilities such as the restaurant or the pool....  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ariana
<Content>Good business traveler hotel I stayed here in March of 2005 on a business trip; the location was conveniently close to Southern Methodist University. The hotel was quiet enough to give me several nights of good sleep; food and service were adequate. Only problem: the cardio equipment was too close to the pool, and I did not care to inhale chlorine fumes during exercise. But for only $10.00, I obtained a day pass to an excellent gym nearby.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over booked at the Raddison Travelled to Dallas from London Gatwick on the 13th November 2004 for my Step Daughters Wedding taking place on the 20th November. After a long flight we arrived at the Raddison only to be told that they had no room for us despite having booked months before. The reason was the Phillidelphia Eagles had taken over the hotel, not being a football fan I didnt know how famous they were but nontheless we were not happy. They did apologise and arranged for the hotel bus to take us to another hotel for the night but the next day we were informed that it would be 3 nights until they could take us at the Raddison. The Bradford suites were fine but the point was all the wedding party were booked into the Raddison and the bride had a suite booked for herself and her bridesmaids for the Friday night and all day Saturday to get ready. There were 7 of us so we didnt all agree on wether to stay at the Bradford or wait to go to the Raddison, after much debate we all moved and from then we we couldnt fault anything about the hotel we had a great time but didnt feel they really compensated us for the upheaval. It also rained all the time we were there and we were hoping for a bit of sunshine!  
<Date>Nov 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ec92
<Content>Great room, no service I was in Dallas over Memorial Day weekend 2003, my first visit.I guess we should always start w/the good! The hotel was in a greatlocation, close to everything I needed and it very easy to get aroundDallas from its location. The room was very nice, comfortable, spacious andclean! The Bar was also very nice and big. Tracy was a great bartender andshe offered to order me dinner from a place she knew that delivered when Iarrived after 10pm. Warning: THERE IS NO FOOD IN THIS HOTEL AFTER 10PM! Istayed here 4 nights and overall enjoyed the trip. I would not return tothis hotel. I might try the Hilton Park Cities. I don't know if it's anybetter but hopefully someone will write a review and help me make aninformed decision. I admit I travel a lot and expect a certain level ofservice so here are the complaints. I arrived late Fri night. When Iarrived to check in, the desk clerk was on the phone and I stood and waitedseveral mins while he finished his coversation. I was very tired from along day/long flight and this didn't help my attitute. After I checked in Iasked if there was anyone to help me bring in my luggage. No one arrived. Icarried my own bags. Not a big deal, but I prefer to stay in a hotel thatprovides service. The only complaint about the room was there are only 10TV channels. No movies or CNN. I left the room early Sat morning and cameback about 3pm and the room had not been cleaned. I was not happy aboutthat but I did not complain. The rest of the time the room was cleanedpromptly. The indoor/outdoor pool is a joke, very small and looks out ontoa brick wall and office building parking lot. Kids would enjoy it but not aplace to sit and read a book and relax. There was also contruction going onwhich is not a big deal either but I thought I'd mention it.HIGHLYRECOMMEND: Sunday brunch at Blue Mesa Grill, amazing food and veryreasonable price. Also went to Lone Star Park (horseracing) and had a greattime there. Call for reservations in the air-conditioned seating area. Ihope this is helpfull.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2003
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

