<Author>sig225
<Content>Nice little hotel conveniently located This is a really nice little hotel conveniently located near the train station (and thus near everything else in Amsterdam). It's a short walk to the main plaza and shopping districts. The Red Light district is a few streets over and a block down ... if you're not looking for it, you'll miss it. The hotel has a really nice breakfast. The rooms are functional and clean. The bar area is handy to have as they have wireless access in it.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>TheDON81
<Content>Staff extremely rude! Where do I start? 6 people with 3 double rooms. Rooms were not finally ready for us until 6pm the day we arrived, after calling at 1pm to check in we had to leave our bags and we had 5hours to waste before they were ready. Staff didnt seem to care!Some of the rooms the air con was not working. When it came to checking out, thats where the fun started.....not!The receptionist threatened to phone the police as we were just over an hour late checking out, I explained to her about our checking in problem and again she didn't care, she argued her point until the end.I will not be staying at this hotel again and I would advise other people the same.Location is good but there are plenty of other hotels around that are centrally located and would be 100 times better!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>MysticKid
<Content>In the middle of everything, little shaky at times Part of our grande EU tour and my 13 year old son and I decided to head to Amsterdam for 2 nights and it was certainly eye opening for us both.The Hotel Luxor proved to be a good choice as it was a 5 minute walk from the train station (parked in a suburb and trained it in). price was right @$150e per night so we wnet for it. Right in the heart of the coffeeshops and blocks from the red light district. At the same time we found good restaurants w/in a 5-10 min walk.Hotel check in was easy, they tried to sell breakfast but we declined which was good as there was plenty of good breakfast places nearby. The lobby which is fairly small w/ a bar was packed throughout the stay but not by a bar crowd. Mostly local people conducting some sort of business and it was so crowded, we had to push our way through every time we walked through.Room was very small w/ two single beds, a small desk area and a window that opened up to an alley. The room never cooled down in a fairly hot period of July weather. It was tough to sleep through because of the heat, although, we were never bothered by any noise..Bathroom was also small but clean. Pillows and linens were sub-par but OK.Couple of arguments in the hallway throughout the stay, believed it was simply couples who had too much to drink and were not getting along.It was an OK hotel in a pinch and the location basically says you aren't going to miss any of the local attactions. albeit, go to Paris if you want sights and culture.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>dlhrangersfc
<Content>good hotel, staff very rude This was me and my friends 5th trip to amsterdam and thought we would try the luxer after passing it on previous trips, Good points Hotel itself is in a great location only 2min walk from central station and right in the middle of all the bars and cafes and the red light is just round the corner although you cant see it from the hotel. Really quite at night so you can get a great sleep after walking for hours and the bathroom was very clean, bed was ok, 24hour bar but was never busy so no noise. The bad points now. Staff were the rudest i have ever met and im no snob. It was as if everything was too much trouble for them, Then they tried to charge us more for the room even though i had the booking form in my hand with the price on it!!! The guy on recieption at night is like a bear with a sore head. All in all good hotel, if they employed some friendly staff then it would be a great hotel, wont be back, much prefer the nadia hotel even though it is a 10min walk.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	1	1	3	

<Author>Aphishionado
<Content>Gem of a hotel surrounded by red light district I booked this hotel because of the Orbitz price. I was a bit weary wondering if this would be just another red light district hotel but i was proved wrong. This hotel is a Gem! clean, small room. good bathroom. comfortable double bed. great sky lite for fresh air. didn't do the breakfast - walk 5 min out the door to the left and you pass 3 super dank bakery joints that have scrumptious real breakfast for under 7 euros a person.it's a 10min walk door to door from the station but the location is EASY - i mean SUPER EASY to find - which is important late night for any tourist in amsterdam. catch any tram back to the station and you can easily find your way home - not a bad trade off for the proximity to public transit. street was cleaned every morning.hotel staff: super protective and professional - felt very safe here - very pleasing for amsterdam.stay here for the value  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Pinklady2008
<Content>Great Location and good value for money! My boyfriend and I went to Amsterdam for 3 days and stayed at Hotel Luxer. The hotel is in a great location. It is a five minute walk from the train station and just a few minutes away from Dam Square. The room itself is quite basic but clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. The breakfast is a buffett style and again is quite basic, but nice. We coild walk to all the major tourist attractions or if you dont like to walk the trams are very frequent and easy to use. I would highly recommend this as ther location was so central and it was still great value for money. I would definately use the hotel again  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Kateyk8
<Content>Fantastic location Fantastic location, right in the heart of Amsterdam but on a quiet enough street to ensure a great night's sleep. Service was great, we were welcome to leave our bags under their watchful eyes so that we could spend our last day in Holland unfettered. The only thing that could have made it better would have been tea  coffee facilities in the room  maybe a small fridge. I'd definitely stay again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>katkeane
<Content>Good Clean and Central Hotel If you want to be in the centre of Amsterdam, near the main train station and in somewhere clean and not too pricey then this is the perfect hotel! The bar downstairs when you walk in makes it feel a bit seedy, but it was never busy or loud. The rooms are air conditioned, clean and a good size so we couldnt complain compared to some three stars we stayed in over our trip! If you want to get to the red light district then when you come out of the hotel head down one of the lanes facing the hotel and it will take you to the main strip so you are right beside it, but it is a safe area! The hotel also has internet though it is quite expensive!There is a free tour (they work for tips) which leaves from the main square at 11.15 and I would recommend it as you get all the sights in detail.Hope this helps!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>samsazzle
<Content>Great location and nice hotel Stayed at the Hotel Luxer in Amsterdam for 4 nights. It was easy to find and a fantastic location bordering on the red light district within easy reach of the pubs and coffee shops. Nice clean accommodation with large air conditioned room. Did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment on the food. Would recommend.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>miles-singleton
<Content>The Hotel An ok Hotel very central for pubs cafe and red light if want to be in the middle of it all 2 mins from the station this could be the place for you, Rooms very basic but clean and tidy place  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>vixxy1
<Content>Great value, great location... I arrived here on 30th Dec 07, for 4 nights. We came to Amsterdam to celebrate New Years Eve, and wanted some thing good value, but mainly central.Could not of picked a better hotel, it suited us perfectly. Found staff on reception to be friendly enough, and really laid back.Room was small, but it was clean, as was the bathroom, infact probably the most smallest room I've ever stayed in, but on a city break that does not bother me.Maids were in every day to clean room etc.The location from Central Station is fantastic, 2 minute walk. The street hotel is on, although cenral was not too noisy, and it is surrounded by bars and restaurants. Short walk to red light district, and Dam Square.The breakfast was disappointing, but I'd rather eat out anyway. I would reccommend to young couples, and singles, so I was surprised at breakfast to see all ages, and nationalities.I would stay here again, and reccommend to my friends.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Lindyloobs
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at the Hotel Luxer for 3 nights as we were over for an event in the Amsterdam Arena. Loved this hotel, was very clean and the bathroom was lovely. One of the girls who worked on reception wasnt very polite but all the rest were lovely!Although it says its in the RLD, its actually a short walk away, you cannot see any girls in windows from the hotel, or in the street the hotel is on! Its a 2 minute walk from all the hustle and bustle, meaning that it is generally quiet. And also a very short walk from Central Station.When i return to Amsterdam i will be staying in this hotel. I really dont understand why people are giving negative reviews?! Oh and also....we got a drink from the bar at about 6am no problems, on our way back from the event that we were attending on the Saturday night.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>AssiP
<Content>good hotel, great location We stayed at hotel luxer for 3 nights, 4 guys in our 20's. We had low expectations from the hotel, but it was just what we needed!The rooms were OK, bigger than the average for such low-priced hotels and clean. The staff was friendly, though not very helpful. We found it easy to get by in the city without their help.Now the location - it was perfect. Just in the edge of the centre, very close to a variety of restaurants, bars and cofee shops. Less than 5 minutes by foot from Dam square, 7 minutes from the central station, 5 minutes from the main shopping area, yet our rooms were very quiet.Don't expect anything fancy. I will definently stay there again, but not for a honeymoon or another special occasion.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>chocdog
<Content>Hotel Luxer did us right       New Church view from our room  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>alone_in_a_crowd13
<Content>Ok hotel but I probably won't return I spent four days at the Luxer last week and while it wasn't a bad hotel, I don't think I would stay there again. This isn't really the fault of the hotel or it's staff but mainly due to it's location. Given it's close proximity to the Red Light District and all the infamous coffeeshops, it's not exactly the place you want to stay if you want an undisturbed night of sleep. This was my problem though, I should have thought this through when I booked my hotel in Amsterdam. On the plus side, the hotel was very clean, room wasn't huge but was big enough for me. The room had air conditioning which was great. On the downside, the hotel's internet access was nearly useless, the staff ranged from extremely helpful and friendly to others who were dismissive. All in all, I'd say if you're just going to Amsterdam to party or whatever, then the Luxer probably isn't a bad choice of a hotel for you.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	4	2	1	

<Author>TravelerDewd
<Content>Like an old US Motel 6 Frankly I am surprised to read so many positive reviews. I booked a room at the Luxer for one night before my flight back to the States after two weeks of train travel through Germany and Benelux. It was the cheapest room I could find available in A'dam at 100 Euros or $150 US. The room was actually quite large for a room in A'dam but really filthy. The carpet was damp and smelled awful. The bed was uncomfortable and the covers had a pretty nasty odor. The bathroom was actually quite nice until I slipped walking out of the shower and almost knocked myself out hitting my head on the toilet. I was indeed tired from my travels but my senses had not been compromised by alcohol or available street drugs. The view from the window was of the side alley and the smell of overflowing trashcans was a little too much. I was so glad to leave in the morning after a passable but hardly memorable breakfast. I have stayed at much nicer hotels in A'dam for a cheaper price. The only good thing was the elevator, as opposed to those Dutch stairways from Hell. The reception lady was very pleasant but not enough to make a stay there a positive experience.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>treeehugger
<Content>luxer ain`t luxurious The taxi really couldn`t have dropped us off much nearer. The RLD is mostly pedestrianised apart from bikes and service vehicles. The hotel itself is in the midst of the RLD where we had booked to be. Soooo we checked in and the credit card was swiped and everything seemed good and we held out our eager, tired hands for our keycard, only to be told that there was a problem with our room and we were to be given alternative accomodation elsewhere. only 5 minutes away. Eventually someone came 30minutes later and led us on a 20 minute trail to a dodgy looking bedsit which I`m not sure even had windows, only to be then told if we wanted breakfast we would need to go back to the hotel! To cut a long story short, we stomped backed to the Luxer where the receptionist grudgingly gave us the key to another room in the hotel but said it was for people yet to book in. We weren`t pleased but were tired so acccepted, but apparently she gave us an incorrect key for an occupied room. Eventually we recieved the correct keycard for an empty room. The room was very basic and could do with a few lessons from budget hotels who know what they are doing. This is not three star as most people would know it. Try 1 or 2 star at 4 or 5 star prices. Forget a view, but we did have fun re-naming the tv channels. Next day whilst indulging in a siesta, the intended occupants (we assume) entered our room. Thankfully, they had the sense to about turn and leave! All through or stay we were making trips up and down to reception to have our key re-activated. Very annoying.Important Stuff. The rooms were clean enough. The cleaner was an English man and the toilets were spotless and the towels changed daily. The air con was rubbish. I wasn`t particularly impressed by the buffet breakfast. Although the fruit, when there was fruit, was welcome. Amsterdam is VERY VERY VERYexpensive, especially for drink and very very seedy. We were constantly being asked by various individuals if we were looking for Charlie. In the RLD, there are mainly 4 kinds of shop - coffee, pub, restaurant and sex stuff. 3 days were enough. I`d like to go back to Amsterdam one day and do the museums. But I won`t be booking this hotel again. Especially when there are familiar chain hotels nearby such as the Ibis which is right next to the train station. Book really early.P.S. my other half has just proofed this article and said I was very generous. Words mentioned were piece of **** and don`t do it!Not about my article, about the hotel, I believe!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	2	2	1	2	2	

<Author>fraatzie
<Content>Not bad for the money! After reading many many many reviews I was not sure what to expect from this hotel. I went in open minded and was pleasently suprised when we got there. It was not bad at all. The staff was friendly, the rooms were clean, all was well. Would stay there again with no problems. It is very centrally located!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>michelle055
<Content>u'll be in bed b4 midnite The hotel was average . The walls are not very sound proof , some staff were lovely . The rooms were small  cleaned daily . We didn't have any breakfast there, it's cheaper to get it some were else .The location was perfect. 5 mins walk from centeral station.Streets are very small.so you wont need taxis or the tram.everything is on your door step. Great steak house 2 doors up, expensive but mouth watering.Great pubs (Dirthy Nellys) and beer not expensive, 鈧?- 鈧?.50 for a pint. And 鈧?.60 bottles. Loads and Loads of coffee shops on that street .and the red light district just 2 minute walk. Great place  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>tommo1974
<Content>Superb location - Terrible Staff Stayed one night here and the location was fantastic. Only a short walk from Central Station and minutes from the Red Light District and Dam Square.Rooms were nice enough - clean and average size.Breakfast was not up to scratch for 10 Euro's each - managed to knock together beans on toast but the rest was pretty poor. Try the Drink and Sink bar just accross the street for a better Breakfast.Hotel would have got higher marks if not for the staff. They had messed up our booking and tried charging us for a room we had already paid for. The night barman was horrible - the hotel advertises a 24 hour bar but almost every guest we saw enter late at night was refused service for being too drunk. He was particularly rude to guests spitting out 'I will not be serving YOU!' rather than suggesting someone may have had enough. This caused particular offence to many guests we saw.If I was to visit again I would look at some of the hotels nearby and use this as a last resort.The weekend was made by the Drink and Sink bar opposite and Kathlene in particular who was fantastic company.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Loveben16
<Content>Just what we wanted Just returned from Amsterdam and had a great weekend.it took us a long time to choose this hotel and it was ok. The location was great, although we did arrive at night and the road was initially a bit scary, but soon got use to it. We walked from Central station and this took no more than 5 minutes(after dicing with the trams and bikes LOL).The hotel is very secure, has a 24 hour reception and bar, after about 9pm you have to be buzzed into the reception.The rooms were perfectly adequate and we had our room cleaned and fresh towels every day. Which we were not expecting. No hair dryer in the rooms though despite being advertised.Location of Hotel was great, walking distance to everything. We were to a curry house off Warmstratt down one of the side roads that leads to the RLD, called karma Sutra would highly reomend it, was lovely. Would also recomend Dirty Nelly a bit futher up for a great Irish bar and lovely food.As mentioned, hotel was great, We paid 拢420 Euros for 4 nights, with the Euro being so weak against the 拢 this worked out a bit more expensive than we wanted, I really belive you pay for the location. I would not hesitate in recomending this to my friends.Finally, the secirity and safety in the area I found great, as 2 girls in their late 20's we felt very safe, RLD is patrolled by police and also undercover guards.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>me.xxx
<Content>great location we had no problems with the luxer hotel althougth it is defintely not a 3* , rooms were quit small but clean, tv with english chanels, bathroom ok size but no hair dryer. we were next to a loud genarater all night... not that is bother me coz we were to sleppy ...lol...the location is exellent 5 mins from central station, and next to cafes, coffe shops ect. would defo go back!!! xx liverpool  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Spleam08
<Content>Shady Luxer It took me and my mate a while to find this hotel, mainly because we couldn't read a map! Plus it was dark when we arrived....and we'd knocked back a few beers earlier..... Anyway the hotel is tucked away in a narrow road right next door to the Red Light District. It is opposite the central station - about a 3 minute walk. Can't fault the location.Staff who check you in arn't very friendly, but they are there if you need them. Hotel is ok, nothing luxury but a good enough place to get your head down for a couple of nights. Agree with all the other comments about the dirty carpets - and the whole place reeks of stale smoke. You can't open the window in the room - so its not the freshest smelling place. Bathroom was nice and clean though, and the telly worked.We wern't disturbed by any noise at all, I had trouble sleeping but that was self inflicted! Hardly spent any time in the hotel, there's lots to do in Amsterdam but this visit was purely to see the Arctic Monkeys ( Reverend  The Makers) play at the Heineken Music Hall - which was [--] class! Probably would stay here again as the location is good.P.S - Stay away from white widow ;-)  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>stacey1986
<Content>nice hotel I stayed at the Luxer Hotel for 3 nights , and was very pleased with my choice. Rooms are clean a little small but you get use to it, towels got changed once in 3 days but you do get 4 towels when you arrive. It has a lift so great for when you're not in the hiking upstairs mood. The shower is ok, takes a while to get the temperature right, not the biggest bathroom, but enough room. We were in room 303 which was on the top floor in the middle, not much noise apart from the annnoying church bells that go off every 15 minutes!! Staff are quite friendly did'nt spend much time at the bar, as the drinks are so expensive (like most of Amsterdam) We paid 252 euros to stay from the friday to the monday. I read reviews about the hall carpet being horrible and tatty. IT REALLY ISNT THAT BAD!! yeah there's a few rips in it but thats about it. The hotel is a 5 min walk from Dam Square with the red light district on your door step with many side street pubs. The clubs are very far away though, about 40 mins walk.Good points: close to Dam Square, clean, smoking rooms, lift, 5 mins walk from the train station, holding area for luggage, doors in room lock automatically Bad points: Too far away from clubs, had to check out at 11am (too early for me)  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Toronto-girl25
<Content>Great Location!!!! Nice hotel for the price. A friend and I went to Europe for 2 weeks in July 2007. Our first stop was Amsterdam and we stayed at the HOTEL LUXOR. It looks a little seedy but we felt safe. We knew this hotel was a 3 star so our expectations were average.CHECK INCheck in time was noon but we arrived very early in the morning as we took the red eye from toronto. Our room wasn't ready yet so we were told to wait. The front desk/ bar told us they would watch our bags if we wanted to walk around the streets to familarize ourselves with the city. We returned around 11am and our room was ready for us.The hotel looks a little seedy but it was great. You had to get buzzed in so we felt added security made it less seedyROOMRoom was a nice size. Two Twin beds, a desk and chair and a large washroom. The shower didn't have a shower curtain so it confused us as at first..The room had A/C which was great if it was warmer. With added blankets it was perfect.HOTEL LOCATION.2 minutes from the train station.in the heart of the red light2 minutes from Damn street15-20 min walk to the bar/club area. Or you could take the bus or cab. We chose to walk everywhere.5 minutes from shopping areas10 minutes from Anne Franks House.Many amazing restaurants right on the street. Go to the Mexican restaurant. Yummy fajitas and salsa. Other amazing shops and sites to see. Conclusion.Great place to stay. Great location. Glad we stayed in the heart of the red light. Not as seedy as I thought it was going to be. I would go back.Hope this helps  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	3	3	2	

<Author>dgosul
<Content>Not as bad as reviews Stayed here on a Tue night last week, Check in was fine, was too earlybut left the bags. Carpet on hallway to room was well worn but on opening door to room was pleasently surprised, nice clean room, although freezing cold. Great location,  late bar.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mattdip
<Content>Cheap Hotel, Good Location Well located and easily found from Dam Square (from centraal station head to Dam Square (signposted) and take a left next to Europub and Grand Krasnapolsky. (On to Warmoesstraat) Walk for approx 500-600m past a host of coffeeshops and the hotel is situated on your right.I stayed for one night in a standard single room for approx 43GBP, which was very competitive having done a detailed web search for accomodation before booking this hotel. The room was clean and basic with en suite facilities. It would be unfair to state that the staff as a whole were unhelpful, but the one female receptionist with whom I spoke was arrogant, cocky and unhelpful.The real plus point of the hotel is the location - right in the hub of the centre.The red light district is a short stroll away, but just far enough so as to not be exposed to its seedier element.All in all a fair result for the price - I would recommend this hotel on that basis.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>happytraveller028
<Content>great hotel hotel is right in centre off the damrak which is opp centraal station. it's a clean, friendly hotel. our room was small but comfy, breakfast (payable at hotel) was good and plenty of it. hotel situated ideally for sightseeing, shops, pubs, red light, canal trips. opposite centraal station is the tourist information we bought a map for 2 euros which was well worth it. would defintely recommend this hotel and would not hesitate to stay here again.well worth it  
<Date>Nov 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marmion44
<Content>Worse than Worst A homeless person wouldn't stay here. The staff were unfriendly, the entry through a seedy bar was disgusting, the carpeting and upholstry old and worn, the furniture second hand rejects. And those are the good points!! Having paid 'big bucks' in advance we tried to tolerate this terrible experience.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>dragonmummy1
<Content>despite everything we'd stay there again! we were a small party of women, ranging in age from 30's to 60s. The hotel is situated right in the middle of the red light district, which we loved! We felt safe and it was fun and interesting. Our room was in the ground floor annexe and was fairly small and with none of the facilities advertised, except for a TV (which we never even switched on). One of our party managed to get a kettle from the staff and we provided our own tea/coffee etc. The room was clean but the carpet, and the carpet in the corridor, was filthy and tattered. We were told it's going to be replaced, but estimates of when vary from next week to before Christmas.The bar is open 24 hours, but has no ice and no lemon/lime, but staff are charming and relaxed and don't mind if you provide your own! In fact, the staff are so laid back, some might regard them as casual to the point of being offhand. But the lovely Natalie will share her takeaway with you, and the night porter, Jeff, doesn't mind if you chat to him all night (just don't offer him flowers!).The rates aren't particularly a bargain - we paid 220 Euros (including tax) each for 3 nights sharing a basic room for 3 persons. Breakfast is good value at 10 Euros, with a wide self-selection. If you're broadminded and relaxed then this hotel wins out by being right in the heart of the action!  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>bageldorset
<Content>Location good, hotel not so good Stayed here for a week.2 minutes from central station so really easy to get around.Arrived and staff were busy surfing the net - as they were all week.Room was awful, the smallest room, two single beds pushed together with two single duvets - supposed to be a double room. Couldn't get one large case through the door and close it. However we complained and they reluctantly gave us another room - this way bigger.Rooms were noisy - ok you get hotel noise but the loudest bangs from the doors all night as people come back at all hours - Why can't door closers be put on the room doors.Room service was sporadic - no toiletries for 2 days, clean towels changed but some short on different days, room not cleaned one day etc.Breakfast was ok. Bar was ok but lacking any atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>waura
<Content>Excellent hotell!!! We had a great stay in Hotel Luxer. There was a group of 9 of us and we werent expecting luxury but we were plesantly surprised. The rooms were clean and relatively large. The bathroom was clean and functional. Lovely staff the maids are amazing they work so hard and smile so much!! Give them a tip it is well worth to see the smile after!! Breakfast was good. All in all great hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lizzlebob
<Content>Shabby but good enough       The room  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	3	

<Author>famezzz
<Content>Great hotel, near everything!!!       hotel  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Boxxer
<Content>Great place to stay for couples! Booked this hotel with Venere.com, was a little aprehensive at first given some of the poor reviews, but the rate was reasonable and the location seemed ideal.Upon arrival the bar/reception of the hotel appeared nice and it's indeed only 5 minute (if that) walk from Central Amsterdam Station! It is close to the red light district but not in the red light district, we didn't hear any noise in our rear facing room!Staff were nice enough and helpful when we asked them questions! The bar good enough for a drink before going out!The room was small but clean and serviced daily! The shower was a bit rubbish but did it's job - just about. Airconditioning and TV worked fine, there's safes in the room for a 5 Euro /day charge.A word of warning most hotels are subject to a 6% city tax and The price I was quoted didn't include breakfast (another 10 Euros per person per day)... it was worth it though!4 Stars mainly because of the location but there was little majorly wrong with the hotel!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>wegoustay
<Content>Nice first night stay       view into room from private stairway  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>ArianaUP
<Content>Great location , nice hotel right in the center of Amsterdam The Luxer is a great small hotel right in the center of Amsterdam . You just step out of the central station and walk for 2 minutes and you're there. The atmosphere in the hotel is very nice, all hotel staff are happy to give advice and help if needed. The rooms are quite small but clean and well equipped, all rooms have shower (those can get a bit messy becuae they're tiny and not very comfortable, we had to wipe the water constantly after using the shower). The breakfast is great, there is no cooked breakfast but the variety is quite good though the breakfast area can be quite crowded at times. At night the breakfast area is used as a bar but its still quiet and great if you feel like having a drink at 2AM all of the sudden.After staying here for a week this would be my choice on my next visits to Amsterdm.One negative point about the service in the hotel - there is an in room safe in every room but using it will cost you 5euro for every day of your stay (we stayed for one week so had to part with 35 euro for this...).  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>chapels
<Content>great place, very central we stayed for just two nights but it was worth it. The hotel is closeto all the places we planned to visit. The breakfast was good with plenty of choice. The staff were very helpful and the fact it had an all night bar was a bonus. I'd would think about staying again if thehotel got a bit of a touch up around the halls and the bedrooms need some attention.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	2	2	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dobski
<Content>great location My husband and I stayed here for 3 nights over queensday. We have stayed in about 5 different hotels in Amsterdam and this was by far the best. The location was ideal, right near the train station and inthe heart of the attractions.Room was very clean, quiet and was en suite which I always find to be a great bonus. the beds were comfortable with quilts rather than the usual sheet and blanket. There was a tv and air conditioning unittoo, which was needed. Breakfast was very plentiful and didn't finishtill 11 which is another plus for me!The staff were really friendly and I would definitely stay there again  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>amsterdam6680
<Content>Very nice place I stayed in the hotel for two nights. I arrived Monday morning 11.00 am way too early to check in, which was 2pm. The charming young lady on the reception, told me she would find me a room which was available.. i got a double room for the price of the single i had booked. The staff where very nice, The room was good, TV, Safe, Nice size bed, shower / toilet. Telephone, Air con, lots of electricity points for your various camera and phone recharging, plenty of towels, and wardrobe space. only downside was there was no view from the window, which looked out onto an alley way - right into some ones apartment..The room was on the second floor rm 205, it was served by an elevator. the door entry is by card, and you also use this card to power the room electricity supply..by placing in a wall slot. Although i did not see a baggage room as such, you could leave your bags in the hotel, until you where ready to leave or check in..but only placed on the floor, by the elevator..The hotel has a reception desk, and bar combined. The bar is open 24 hrs.. i did not have breakfast, but fellow guests said it was fine. the hotel front door is electronically controlled from the front desk to keep out any unwanted people.All in all i enjoyed my stay and would stay again. The location is great also, its about a five minute walk from Amsterdam station,  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>manz21
<Content>manz from manchester me and my husband have just come back from 4 nights at the luxer this is are forth time in amsterdam the double room was in the attic light in bathroom did not work for 20 mins after plugging it in very noisy room clean and when you walk out of hotel seedy guys asking do you want drugs very scarey would not stay there again  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Joe81
<Content>Dodgy twin room!!! It has a good location in the centre. The problem is that every time I walked out of the hotel I was offered some drugs by what can only be described as seedy characters. We stayed with some friends who shared a double room which was reasonable with two windows to allow for plenty of light. However our twin room was very dark and dingy. Now I have quite high expectations from hotels not really going below 4 star accommodation so you can imagine how I felt to walk into a cold dark room to find that there were no doors on the cupboard, the hanger rail had been broken off, cigarette ash on the floor along with a crisp packet under the bed, stained bedding and a view of empty bottle crates. The double room was adequate but I felt that the twin was neglected and presumed that it would only be used by drunken louts that don鈥檛 care about where they stay. To add insult to injury we were charged an extra 5 euros a night for the privilege of our twin. There is no soundproofing in the hotel!It was expensive just like everything in Amsterdam, I only last month came back from Krakow where we stayed for four nights In 4 star Novotel Centrum for the same price. Not only was the Hotel far superior but so was the place. If you want dingy hotels, drugs, hookers and expensive crap food and drink then Amsterdam is the place for you.On the other hand if you want somewhere nice, cultural, with beautiful food and drink at rock bottom prices, more nightlife that you can shack a stick at and more importantly class!!Then why not try Krakow? I will be honest I don鈥檛 like Amsterdam but I must say that I did have a good laugh and if you just want somewhere to lay your head then Hotel Luxer should suffice.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>postglyn
<Content>best so far just arrived back from luxer have stayed in amsterdam 4 times now and this was the best so far , friendly and helpful staff, close to everything, great breakfast plenty of choice to start the day bar open 24 hours so you can get drinks anytime of the night or day, not like some places we have stayed, like it so much we came straight home and booked again to go in may 2007.only thing rooms a bit small but clean and tidy but what more do you need at really good prices.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LadyDeathstryke80
<Content>Made Our Valentine Break Myself and my girlfriend just got back from a Valentine break...What an amazing little hotel this is....right in the heart of everything...but not sat on top of the red light district. Our room was lovely and clean...the staff are friendly too....the breakfast was also spot on. This hotel is complete value for money...I really cant fault it. My girlfriend and I are thinking of returning in early August for Gay Pride...and would love to stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>FinnIreland
<Content>Great Craic! Just returned from a two night stay in this Hotel, the staff especially Nataile made the whole weekend break even more enjoyable, its like walking into a home away from home, very central location, rooms clean, breakfast good, short walk to all the main areas, first time in Amsterdam but we are definetly going back and we will definelty be heading back to the luxer, would strongly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>romanyDundee
<Content>would stay there again Just got back yesterday the party of 6 that i went with all said that they all would go back, Breakfast was very good,location very good roll on next year to we all go back. Mrs Alexander  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>triumphant
<Content>Superb Deal This is the second time we have stayed at the Luxor, and it is just the same. Very friendly staff, hotel reception is clean, well decorated, warm and welcoming. I noticed when we booked this hotel it was classed as a 1 star, last time we stayed here is was a 3 star. While i dont agree with it being a 1 star, it is a very high 2 star or average 3 star. We got a very good deal of 拢120 for two people for 2 nights, including breakfast and city tax, which considering its location is very good. Location is right in the heart of the city, red light district is around the corner, good range of places to eat a stones throw away, as are cafes. It can get very busy outside and if you get a room over looking the street it can get noisy, but we had asked for a room at the rear and got it, which made a huge difference. The rooms are well laid out, nothing grand, but clean and comfortable, the bathroom we had was great, continetal style, walk in shower with endless amounts of hot water, and i mean hot, with a shower that if put on full blast will knock you over( ideal after a cold wander around the city)Breakfast is served until 11am, which suits us, no need to fall out of bed early !! Breakfast is as you would find in any other hotel, cheese, smoked meats, boiled eggs, selection of bread and rolls, jams etc, all very nice, very fresh. The coffee is great, just what is needed to wake you up. It has been mentioned in other reviews aboutthe size of the breakfast area, yes it is a little cramped, but no worse than other hotels, and if the breakfast area is full then you can use the tables up around the bar. If anything it is better up there as you can watch the world go past as you eat breakfast.The doors of the hotel are locked, this is to keep out the riff raff, and should by no means put you off, just press the buzzer and door is buzzed open, but to be honest we never had to buzz as there is always some one at reception.To sum the Luxor up, cracker of a little hotel, well worth the money !  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JetsetTX
<Content>Enjoyed my short stay I stayed at the Luxer for one night (January 16th), on my way back from Prague to the United States. I have been to Amsterdam three times before (all in 2005) and love the city and new the area. It is blocks from Dam square and a five minute walk from Central Station. It is about a block away from the red-light district but not in the middle of it and not a bad location at all, I wouldn't want to stay in the middle of the red-light district. It is close to all kinds of restaurants and bars (and coffee shops of course if that's your thing... though it's not mine).The lady at the reception when I checked in was very friendly and check in was very quick. I learned, which I would have prefered to know ahead of time, that they charge 5 Euro more if paying by credit card, fortunately I had enough cash on me. This could be the fault of the site I booked with though, so I won't count it against the hotel. I do prefer to pay hotels wtih a card when possible in case of problems after I return home but do think 5 Euro is a bit much.I had requested a non-smoking single room not facing the street when I booked and got a smoking room with two twin beds which did not face the street. The smell of smoke wasn't that bad so I decided not to ask for a new room, plus I was only there for one night and I wasn't going to be back in the room until late after a night out so it wasn't a big deal. The room and the bathroom themselves were clean, except for the carpet which really needs to be replaced, it is stained probably from so much use. There were scuff marks on some of the walls so it could probably have used a paint job as well. Other than that the room was fine and most importantly like I said it was clean (except for the carpet). The beds were very comfortable and so were the pillows. The satellite TV did have a few English channels wihch was nice as my hotel in Prague did not. Again, I wasn't there to watch TV but it's nice to have a channel or two you understand when getting dressed, etc.I had heard about the bells from the old church in the area so I brought ear plugs and it wasn't an issue when I slept. Be sure to have them though because the bells do ring and might keep you up, of course by the time I got to bed I was exhausted anyway.Didn't have time for breakfast in the morning so can't comment on that. One thing that I didn't appreciate much was the cleaning lady in the morning coming around at 10:15 knockin on everyone's door who was checking out that day to let everyone know check out was at 11:00. I hadn't planned on waking up for another 15 minutes but oh well.Overall, though it was a short stay I would stay here again, but next time I would probably ask for a non-smoking room I had requested. It is a great location and the tram will get you anywhere not within walking distance that you want to go.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>dicksurrey
<Content>Great location, good value for money We stayed in the luxer 15th - 18th December 2006. Only a 5 minute walk from central station, this hotel is on a pedestrian street, full of bars, restuarants, coffee shops, and shops, just on the edge of the red light district. Dam square is a short walk further on.Our room, on the 3rd floor, was clean, warm, and basically furnished. Our view from the windows were of amsterdam rooftops. The bathroom was also very clean.I was very impressed with the buffet breakfast which was included in the room price. It was quite informal, and I felt that nobody would have cared if we sat drinking coffee there for hours.The staff are friendly and helpful, the bar is open 24 hours, and despite being in a lively part of town, it is a quiet and relaxed hotel, with a definate dutch feel.I have visited amsterdam many times, and the Luxer hotel is excellent value for money.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>Chris&Emma
<Content>Loving The Dam! I just got back from staying here with my best mate for Friday and Saturday night. We went on a lads weekend and weren't looking for 5 star luxury! We've been to Amstardam a few times now and this hotel has a brilliant location, right in the middle of the red light, with plenty of bars and coffe shops to idle away your time in! Everything is in walking distance which we loved as we certainly couldn't have driven!!Anyway, back to the Hotel! The hotel was clean and perfect for what we wanted (Just a bed basically) however, the shower was crap as it needed de-scaling (simple as that!) but I just couldn't get any water to direct onto me! The other down side was noisy mornings, when we wanted to lay in and recover there was constant noise and doors banging in our corridor. Admitadly this was self inflicted head aches! We never got to see breakfast so couldn't comment on that!The bottom line is that I would stay there again for it's ease and location but would take ear plugs and would check the shower before un-packing!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>Corazon5
<Content>DISAPPOINTED From the reviews that I read and the descriptions that I saw on the internet of this hotel, I was really impressed and expecting a good 3 star hotel. This is not what I got.We arrived to the hotel on a Saturday morning around 10.30am. The reception was full of people having breakfast !!!!! The foyer of the hotel is made up of the reception area and a bar where breakfast is served. There is no separate breakfast room and the space is very limited.I had requested a double room with a double bed. Our room contained 2 single beds pushed together and also 2 separate blankets. I had to ask for the pillow case covers to be changed as they were full of hair. The sheets, even though they were washed, were stained quite badly and some of the bed covers contained holes from cigaratte burns. There was no toilet paper in the bathroom, the shower was very old and uncomfortable and the carpet looked as if it had not been vacuumed properly in years.The walls were dirty.The staff were helpful and assisted us when needed. The buffet breakfast was very good with a large choice of quality food and drinks. The hotel does not have a baggage room so if you need the hotel to mind your luggage for you, for example on your departure day, after checking out, the bags will be left in a corner in the reception with no bag tags, no supervision. We left our bags but I didn't feel at ease at all. The hotel is located in the Red light district so not very suitable for those who are looking for a quiet holiday. It is however a perfect location for those seeking a good nightlife, a good choice of restaurants and bars etc. It is located just 5 minutes walk from the train station and has a great choice of shops etc. This is a very central location. Despite being in the red light district, I found no danger at all in the area. Museums, Vondel Park etc are all located on the opposite side of Amsterdam. This side of the city is more elegant, cleaner, quieter with nicer hotels but further away from all the animation. I would not recommend this area for people in search of good nightlife.In my opinion, this hotel is not a good 3 star hotel. I would class it as a 2 star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	3	1	

<Author>TOKYONIGHTS
<Content>Great Location for singles! We stayed at The Hotel Luxer for four nights. It was in great location, next to the red light district. We were able to walk from the train station with all our luggage (5min walk). The room was comfortable, very clean with a small bathroom. they had AIR CONDITIONING but we didn't use it although it was summer. The Dam square is really close and you can find all kind of restaurants, coffeshops (The Grasshopper) and sex shops in the same street (Warmoesstraat). I recommend it to everyone, don't forget to visit Heineken Experience. Bye.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FemaleNomad
<Content>Convenient central location, and none of the sleaze I just came back from a week in Amsterdam, staying at the Luxer. It's less than 5 minutes walk to the central station, making it a great base for exploring Amsterdam and its surrounding areas.The hotel is located on the north western edge of the red light district. However, there are no brothels in the immediate surroundings of the hotel, nor on the route to central station. Therefore, don't worry even if you are easily offended. The area is very safe, even for a single woman travelling alone. My room is on the 2nd floor at the back, so I haven't experienced any noise problem mentioned by other reviewers. (The area is very lively, so noise might be a problem if your room faces Warmoesstraat). The back street is not pleasant looking, but nothing worse than I expect from a busy city town center.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>luvofholidays
<Content>Great location We stayed at The Hotel Luxer for one night. It was in great location and our room was very clean. I have to admit the outside view was not too pleasant but it only mattered the hotel was clean to me. We only had an overnight stay at the Luxer because we were on our way to Canada and we had a friend with us who had never been. So the location was great, close to everything. We even were able to walk from the Train Station with all our luggage. Only about a 5-10min walk. The room was comfortable, not on the large side but it was fine. Very small bathroom as well but also fine.I would definately recommend this hotel to travellers who want clean, comfortable hotel facilities.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>JeffCali
<Content>I enjoyed my 8 hour stay... I arrived one night to sleep and catch my plane in the morning... I went to a hotel agency, they wanted 10 euro plus 2 euro fees to reserve it... so I said I'll be back, went there direct and got the room for 20 euros cheaper... then bargained a little to 30 euros cheaper than the initial place (so bargain when you go there, especially if you're single you can use that as an excuse). The T.V. didn't work but they had AIR CONDITIONING which a lot of hotels don't have there.. and it is essential during July. Good location, close to the red light district and pretty safe. I recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	2	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great location! My wife and I stayed here on consecutive weekends and had a great experience both times. The key, I think, is to request a room in the BACK of the building. Both times we were almost the last room in the hallway and NEVER heard street noise - our first room was on the ground floor too. The rooms were spacious and clean. The bathrooms were great and clean - I've stayed in some [--] holes in Amsterdam and was nervious, thinking all hotels were going to be dirty, but this one was not. The breakfast was good and went until 11am, which is much appreciated on vacation. The staff left something to be desired; there was a dread-locked guy who was very helpful and nice, even arranging an early breakfast for us one day, but we would ask for dinner recommendations and, for the most part, the staff was lacking in knowledge outside of the Red Light District. But there's a nice lounge/bar area in the front where we relaxed and watched some football. And it's not even 5 minutes from the trainstation. Perfect location, great hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DerylDowling
<Content>Great Location What a great spot, on the edge of the Red Light District, very close to the main train satation and staff that are very helpful. Amsterdam is very expensive for accommadationso this is very good value. Rooms were a bit dark but not a problem. We were up early and the staff always got us a coffee or tea well before breakfast and would sit and give advise on what to see and where to go. Our rooms were very quiet and and we felt very safe with 24 hour reception with the door locked at night. We has a ball my wife and I are in our forties and my in-laws in their late sixties and we found this a great spot to explore Amsterdam from. Pleant of places to eat in the same street and dam square only 10 minute walk. The two guys who do the late shift were great, one was American basketballer and I am involved in BB as well so we got along great and the other guy was a local and he was very helpful as well.Deryl  Fiona DowlingTasmaniaAustralia  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leitrimlassI
<Content>perfect location Stayed at the Luxer for 4 nights on the 22 june, If you want a clean friendly hotel in an excellent location and are not fussy about frills then the Luxer is your hotel. It has excellent security, The bar is open 24 hrs and the staff are laid back and friendly. Couldnt believe the great location on a pedistrian street which is full of cafes ,bars and restrauants .  
<Date>Jun 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel, ideal location but noisy room! My friend booked me this hotel and my flights as a surpris for my birthday in January. I automatically fell in love with Amsterdam and I am definatly going back to visit again next January. The Hotel Luxer was clean, spacious rooms, cheap, laid back although efficient and in the perfect location but our room was soooo noisy during the night and I dont mean the noise coming from outside either it seemed to be the hotels heating and air con systems that made our room incredibally noisy through the night. Luckily I was rather intoxicated with alcohol that it didnt really bother me. I would love to stay in this hotel again but will not go back simply for the fact of the noisy room!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AVOID!!!! unless you are a gambler We booked this hotel through AmsterdamBy [] 2 months before going, and phoned in 3 days prior to our arrival, to confirm our booking.When we got there, we were blankly told that we didn't have a booking. Upon production of our internet voucher, we were then told that the hotel was overbooked and our room had been given away. (The same happened to 10 other people on the same night.)Astonishingly, the staff could hardly be bothered or even be sorry. Clearly the agent we booked through does not bring them enough business...In all fairness, we were offered the possibility to go to another hotel, run by a friend of the manager at Luxer. People there were absolutely lovely, although the location was dreadful for us and the standards of our room had nothing to do with what we had booked in the first place, although of course it was more expensive...Hotel Luxer staffs know exactly what they are doing, benefiting from the large numbers passing by, in the relaxed knowledge that one tourist replaces another.  
<Date>May 15, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sold our rooms and lied about it Arrived at hotel Luxer with a confirmed booking thru bookings[-]. We were first told that we did not have a reservation. And that there were no available rooms. After much arguing the manager moved us to another hotel. One of the worst in TripAdvisor reviews. When we asked if the manager needed our creditcard for the other hotel she told us that she already had our number. Realizing her mistake (that she already knew about our confirmed booking) she quickly said that oh yes she needed our credit card number.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel My boyfriend and I stayed at the hotel luxer this time last year. We actually arrived on queens day and it was mayhem but the hotel was easy to find very near central station and the people were extremely helpful and friendly from the start.The room we got was large and comfortable and we could look out the window on to the main street below. The hotel was in a great location once your not bothered about being close to the red light district. We found it to be an excellent location and found the hotel to be of better standard than most in that area from what we heard.The hotel felt very secure even though it was right in the centre of things and it was nice to be able to come in to the hotel and know that the door was locked and you and your belongings were secure.I would reccomend this hotel to anyone. It is not luxury but it definitely serves its purpose for a city break as it is a clean comfortable and friendly hotel. I will return if i am in Amerstdam again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>comfortable, clean and ideal location Just returned from Amsterdam, we were very impressed with the size and cleanliness of our room. Ideal location. The breakfast wasnt the best but adequate.Most of the staff are very friendly and helpful, giving you ideas of where to eat/drink. Jeff, the receptionist who works the night shift is an brilliant person, he couldnt help us out enough after two of our party had a little too much of the .......Would definately recommend and return to the Hotel Luxer.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Showboat1
<Content>Turns out, service can make a difference. I wish I could give this place a great review. The location was superb, on Warmoesstraat on the outskirts of the RLD. It's a short walk from Centraal Station and Dam Square. The hotel was clean, inviting and warm, with a private bar that stayed open all night. Breakfast was a fresh assortment of meats, breads, cheeses, fruits and more. So everything was great. Until the heat in our room went out. For 3 nights. Burr.The problem wasn't necessarily the lack of heat (though yes, it was cold) or even my and my wife's resulting sore throats and runny noses. It was that with the exception of one employee, no one at the hotel cared. At all. No apologies. No can we offer you another room, or at least some extra blankets? No we're working to fix it. Nothing. Now, I say no one cared with one exception. Not sure it's cool to mention names, but J was awesome. Extremely helpful, and easily the nicest person we met on our entire trip. They should hire a half dozen more like him. Anyway, I hate it when people use these reviews to whine about service. So I'm not gonna list every little complaint in detail. Frankly, we probably would have overlooked or forgotten most of the bad service and attitude, had there not been such complete apathy when a real problem (the heat) arose. Honestly, you'll probably stay here and love it. If you're just looking for a place to crash between tourist stops and bars, it doesn't get much better. For us, the little things just added up in the face of a problem. When we checked out after 4 nights, the lady announced that our only additional charges were 2 Euro for the phone. After refusing to add it to my credit card because she would prefer to have the Euros, she handed me a small contact card for the Luxer, almost as an afterthought. Please remember us next time, she said.I will, lady.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>travellers_from_oz
<Content>Nice hotel, but in the red light district We stayed at Hotel Luxer for 3 nights in February. We paid 70 euro/night and for that price, the hotel was very good. We chose it because it would allow us to walk to all the places we wanted to see, but it ended up being right in the middle of the red light district, so we were constantly surrounded by post-teen tourists crowding the coffeeshops, and drug pushers.Not so good aspects:*It would be really great if I could walk down the street to the hotel at the end of the day without being offered heroin or cocaine multiple times. It really gets annoying and kind of ruins the great atmosphere that exists everywhere else in the city.*The reception at the hotel is also the bar, so it is always really smoky*Our room stank of smoke when we first got there despite booking a non-smoking room. It took a couple of days of open windows to get rid of the smell.*There is a lack of decent food nearby, most of it is levelled at people coming out of coffeeshops, we had to go pretty far to find a fresh meal.Positives:*I actually found the staff to be really helpful, they were fairly pleasant.*Rooms are a good size- lots of floorspace for luggage, table and chairs, comfy beds. The bathrooms are not big, but are very good and the shower is very good. TV has a good range of channels.*Great breakfast- breads, cereals, juices, coffee machine, cake, pastries, fruit, cold meats. Good variety and a good start to the day.*We were able to walk everywhere from there- Anne Frank house, museums, canal tours, Heineken Experience, and the train station is about a two minute walk away.*Internet and a laundromat are both on the same street, a couple of doors down and across the street.So overall, it wasn't so much the hotel that was a problem, just the area it's in. If you are planning to visit coffeeshops the whole time it would be perfect, if you want to see some sights you can walk everywhere from here, but be aware you will be in a dodgy area. Not so much unsafe, just dodgy. As for the hotel itself, it's excellent value if you pay a lower rate as we did- if it were in a different area, I would definitely consider staying there again. I would still recommend this hotel, mainly to student and/or budget travellers.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dcel
<Content>you get what you pay for We spent three nights at the Hotel Luxer in Amsterdam and it was money well spent.The hotel's location is 5 minutes walk from Centraal Station with the Red Light District at its doorstep. The room and bathroom are clean and fresh towels were provided everyday. The breakfast although the same each day was abundant.The staff at reception/bar was friendly especially Jeff. Overall, i'd recommend this hotel for those who want clean, reasonably priced hotel in the center of Amsterdam.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Good Base Camp I've just got back from Amsterdam for a short break - and spent 3 nights at the Luxer. I'd say the star rating is dependent on what you need from a hotel. We just wanted a central crash pad; specifically since we were on a whirlwind visit. The hotel is uncomplicated and unfussy; you won't find luxury, but you will have a good place to put your feet up. We found it excellent value for money and had a good start to the day with the breakfast buffet, which was generous without being lavish. I would recommend bringing your own pillow with you if you have strict pillow requirements: we only got one flat little pillow each, which wasn't very comfortable. Also, we had a shower that did more of a steam action rather than washing with water - very fine spray. Not sure if we just got unlucky with that, but it didn't ruin our stay.If you're looking for a central, convenient place, I'd definitely recommend it. But don't be snobby - if you are, then go upmarket.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SarahWexford
<Content>Quaint little Hotel Stayed at the Luxer with two friends for three nights. It was a very welcoming hotel with friendly atmosphere. The rooms were clean and spacious and bathroom spotless. The staff were friendly and helpful. Overall we were very satisfied with our stay and would recommend it. Its a tourist class hotel in an excellent location for sightseeing, near the station and canals.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!! Great Hotel!!My boyfriend and I stayed from 31st jan to 3rd feb and could not recommend hotel luxer enough. It was 3 mins walk from central station. The staff were really friendly, we had our room cleaned and fresh towels all the time.There was a 24 hr bar and the breakfast was really good. - O/J / Coffee, fresh bread, fruit, cheeses, jams.We had a smoking room and had no trouble with alarms!!It was right in the heart of warrmostratt so central to EVERYTHING! we are going back to amsterdam this year and will be staying here again and have recommended it to friends !!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>EmmaB120272
<Content>Missing Amsterdam already Having just returned from a fews days in Amsterdam I can honestly say that i'm missing it already. The Hotel Luxer was such a lovely hotel with pleasant staff, good morning breakfast and knowing that the hotel is secure made our stay perfect. The sound of the church bells was lovely (once you got used to them) The Hotel is just around the corner from the red light district, 5 minutes walk from Central Station and Dam Square and is surrounded by an abundance of restaurants, bars and coffee shops. Amsterdam is such a lovely place and We will surely be going again in the near future, hopefully in the summer. The weather is very much like England. The only thing that was scary were the beggers and pimps. Also be wary, you will be offered all kinds of things whilst walking down the streets, especially around the red light district. Ladies leave you handbags at the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value Good Location Poor Sound Insulation The Hotel Luxer is located right on the Warmoestraat just a quick walk from Centraal Station. This new hotel is an exceptional value in Amsterdam. I give it high marks because of my clean and comfortable room, private bath, good breakfast, location, and the low low price. The major problem I had with this hotel has to do with the noise between the walls. I could hear the guy in the next room snoring, coughing, farting, and smacking his lips. I shudder to think that my neighbors must have heard me making the same noises! Because of that, I cannot recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>2	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RonLynda
<Content>Great value I visited the Luxer in October with my wife and two of our friends.Great location, easy to get to and ideally placed for many restaurants and bars.Dam square only 10 minutes walk and the main shopping street the same. Canal boats also within 5 mins, highly recommend this trip.The museums (Van Gogh etc) are further out and too far to walk to really.The hotel is clean, basic but ideal for a four day break like ours. Friendly, helpful staff who helped make our stay enjoyable. Good breakfast included.Well done the Luxer  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Issor
<Content>Friendly We stayed there for 19th-20th Nov.Everything very clean.Staff very nice and really willing to help.Breakfast very well too.Good size in bedrooms (not too small, not too big)In general, a very good opinion for a good-price hotel in a very good location.I recommend it and in case one of my friends or myself go to Amsterdam again, we will stay there for sure.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT PLACE, GREAT LOCATION, GREAT STAFF I spent 5 nights at the Luxer with my husband and all I can say is that the place is fantastic. We were given a clean and nice room with a spotless toilet. Breakfast was fresh and good. The staff was friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MaxieBaby
<Content>Good value at the Luxer Just returned from a short stay at the Luxer and can recommend this for the price. Staff were helpful and the cleaners did a great job, everything was sparkling and clean fluffy towels were left every day. I left my bag in the breakfast room on our last morning(with passports, tickets, credit cards, camera and money in it!!!) and when I realised, after about half an hour, I became a little agitated to say the least when I went to look for it and it was no longer there! The maid heard me and calmed me down, took me back to the breakfast room and found my bag which had been taken into the kitchen for safe-keeping, she was brilliant. Although there was no view from our room it was quite big and fairly quiet. The fact that the hotel was on the edge of the Red Light District was not a problem-we didn't feel threatened or worried and there were some great restaurants nearby. It was very central for all the sights and we would certainly use this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bladegirl
<Content>Great location for an Amsterdam stopover The other reviews are right, the hotel is close to everything - trains, RLD, restaurants, shopping, etc. Reasonably clean - not spotless. We stayed on the first floor and the room while adequate was tired. Breakfast was excellent and security good. We didn't encounter any problems with Charlie boys hassling us. We would recommend this hotel for a one or two night stay.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ant08
<Content>Worth choosing I have stayed in the Luxer for 4 nights. Have to say the hotel has exceeded my expectations. First, it has a great location - very close to the rail way station and at the same time on a rather small street with not much traffic. The street is really close to Red-light district and has a variety of shops that can shock anyone. But that is the charm of it. From the hotel one needs 5 min to get to the Dam square, 15 min - to the main museums and 5 min to the station. Lots of restaurants and eating places available. Room was really clean and spacious for 3 star hotel. Bed was good, sheets - matching the highest expectations. Plenty of towels that were changed every day. Most of the windows look into the small path between the hotel and the next house which is good because of less noise. My view on the 2 nd floor was to the roof of the neighbor building. Some views on the ground floor can be rather ugly. The only problem I found was that the shower nozzle was so high (at about 2.4 meters) so that I can hardly reach it on tiptoes. There was a controllable air-conditioner in the room. Breakfast was really nice but no hot dishes - ham, cheese, bread, jams, serial, boiled eggs and fruits. I found it quite good. Since the building is rather narrow the hall and the breakfast room are rather small. In general, quite pleasant experience and good value for money. Great location for those who want to be close to night life attractions in the center.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gaglierto
<Content>Good Location, Good Value This hotel is centrally located on a busy street on the outskirts of the RLD. Very easy to walk to from Central Station, short walk to Dam Square. Heck, we even walked to the Heineken museum from the hotel ! :)It seemed very safe despite all the shady characters who lurk in the RLD selling hard drugs. The main entrance is locked and you have to be buzzed into the hotel at night. We found the room to be very clean and the bathroom spotless. The maid service was very good as we stayed multiple nights and they brought in clean towels. The window looked into the back alley but we never wanted to stare out the window to take in the sights ! Who cares what the view is ? :) (just make sure you don't stay on the ground floor, we were on the 2nd floor and it was fine)The breakfast buffet was good and the woman in charge did a great job of making sure the buffet was fresh and stocked. We do not agree with the sight of fruit flies at all (as referenced to by a previous post).A double room can be had for around 80 Euros which is reasonable considering the location. I've seen a lot more expensive rooms that did not seem as nice. There are tons of coffeshops and pubs around and it's within walking distance of major stops.Bottom Line: I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for.......... Please ignore any negative reviews about this hotelI have been to dam over 20 times i have stopped in all star rating of hotel available, like everything in life you get what you pay for. On my last 4 visits (all this year) and my next visit in november for the cannabis cup will be at the luxer. If you are looking for any hotel above a 3star dont waste your time by reading anymore, if however you are looking for a quality 3star look no further, this is the place for you. You couldnt ask for a more convient located hotel.In all my visits all the staff have been friendly, helpful etc.. Granted the view from the rooms isnt the best, and some people might say the rooms are a bit on the small side, but considering all i use my room for is sleeping and cleaning that doesnt bother me. The rooms have always been extremly clean. The breakfast with is included in the price for the room is repetitive but it is fresh and tasty and with it being a buffet style you can help yourself as many times as you want. All in all you cant do any better than staying at the luxer if you are looking for a quality cheap stay in the great city of amsterdam, i hope some of you find this helpfulp.s If anyone likes chinese food, you have to check out the mandarin afew doors down, its fantastic authentic and a great price,, the hot and sour soup is my favourite,, mmmmm,,,, enjoy  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Shazhudson
<Content>Good Breakfast...Awful View Arrived at this hotel on 5 Sept 2005 for 3 nights with my boyfriend. I found the lady on reception to be a little unfriendly and when I asked her a question she would look as though she could not be bothered answering. Isn't that what reception is there for?Our room was pretty clean and the bathroom spotless. The view from the room was awful, it looked in to a dingy alley and we had a window opposite which was broken and had a horrible yellow net curtain on...lovely! You had to stick your head out of the window to smoke as the alarm kept going off, and reception called us after about an hour of arrival about this, it's not a non-smoking hotel so why this happened is beyond me. It was very noisy at night, with people slamming doors and we had noisy neighbours too!! Partying until all hours of the morning so I had to buy some earplugs as I had about 2 hours sleep on the first night.On a positive note, the breakfast was very good. I loved the breads and cheese and they do a damn good coffee!I wouldn't stay here again...this was my 5th visit to amsterdam and this was my least favourite hotel. We've booked to celebrate new year and staying in the Singel Hotel. Hope to have a better experience!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>staledave
<Content>Not impressed like recent reviewers We stayed four nights at the Hotel Luxer from Sept. 20th-24th. I booked this hotel mainly on the reviews of this site and the price offered to me. I have to disagree with most good reviews of this hotel. Check-in was smooth but I did not find the serivce overly friendly at all. Our room was on the ground floor. If you do decide to stay at this hotel, stay away from this floor. Although I don't need a beautiful view from my room, the fact that I looked out into an a dirty alley with bars on my window did not impress me at all. Needless to say the curtains were rarely opened. In the morning the constant slamming of doors and maids yelling down the hall at each other ensure that you will be awakened at least 5 times during the early morning (not good if you are night people like we were, there to have a good time partying). The maids did do a good job supplying us with fresh towels every day and the rooms were acceptably clean. Breakfast was not touched by us as the view of fruit flies all over the eggs and on some of the bread turned us off big time! Absolutely disgusting and unacceptable. Location was close to the central station and the RLD which made for easy travelling. But it's very dirty and slummy around the hotels' area. We were there for the Amsterdam partying atmosphere but in the hotel's location it gets kind of depressing and tiresome. Having to see all the druggies lying around the streets and dealers trying to sell you drugs all the time (even during the day time) was not what I envisioned during a vacation.Internet was another problem we had with this hotel. In this day and age of technology I cannot understand how a hotel does not offer free internet. The Luxer had one computer available and you had to pay 20 cents a minute for use of the internet. The first 3 days of our trip the internet wasn't even working. Not good enough. I cannot recommend this hotel based on my experience. I would suggest staying in a nicer area of town and visiting the area at night if the RLD is your cup of tea. All the best in your travels.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>divadiver
<Content>5 star for 3 After reading a few reviews was apprehensive about staying, needn't worry. The hotel was clean and friendly. Breakfast was plentiful: bread, bread rolls, butter, jams, ham, cheese, turkey, cereal. Wouldn`t advise eating the boiled eggs, the same eggs seemed to be in the basket during our stay!!Our room was clean, we stayed for three nights, towels were changed and room cleaned during our stay. Even gave extra pillows. There are no tea making facilities here so take your kettle, tea bags, etc. Reception is managed 24/7. Certain times during the day, you have to be buzzed in. Although we did not get charged for leaving our bags after check-out, they are left at the other end of the bar, unsecured.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>petrjarv
<Content>Good hotel and good price            
<Date>Sep 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vinny_0
<Content>double booked but service great! we arrived on 29th August, having booked the hotel in May, to be greeted by a pleasant receptionist telling me we have a problem. having looked forward to this mini-break for weeks, you can imagine how our hearts sank! the hotel had double booked and it was due to some guests having pre-paid, and others like us who hadn't. we'd not been given the option to pre-pay when booking.However, the receptionist lady went on to give us the solution she'd sorted, which was moving to a hotel a little bit down the same street, negotiating a 10 euro a night discount (which was actually 45 euros off the usual price!!), getting us into the best room, and giving us free drinks on the house that night!! the hotel we were moved to was a little more basic, but the view was right over the dam and main dam street. Gotta say it was brilliant. So although i can't review hotel, i can say the service we received from the receptionist was fantastic. with the savings we made on the price, we went to a [---] show! so it all worked out in the end!! the street the hotel is on, is really cool with loads going on in the day and at night. lots of interesting people and sights to see!! and we're a mid-30's married couple (14 years) who had a fab time in Amsterdam!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really good clean hotel - noisy doors though! Recently stayed in the Luxor Hotel, found it really really nice. The staff were lovely and friendly and the rooms, although they were small - particularly the tiny bathroom, were spotlessly clean.It is in an ideal location for the partying part of Amsterdam - our room was to the middle of the hotel so we were not bothered by any outside noise. The doors on the rooms need to be sorted though - they bang so loud! Still after a night out you tend not to hear them too much!!All in all a really great wee hotel, very reasonable and clean and comfortable. Oh and a great breakfast! Would have no problem recommending it at all. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab hotel - Great location I stayed with 7 other girlfriends last weekend for my hen party and it was fab !!! We all felt really safe at the hotel and the staff were excellent and really helpful. Set in a briliant location near eveywhere including shops!!! My new husband and I are definately going back to stay there later in the year. As others have said if your looking for a no frills hotel then look no further. Clean bedlinen and rooms were clean and tidy when we arrived, clean towels daily. No view but we werent in Amsterdam for the view from the hotel !!!! had a great weekend the Dutch are soooo friendly and I cant wait to go back.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>srochette
<Content>Just Okay I paid E100 (E105 with a credit card) and to be honest I think that was about E40 too much. When we got to Amsterdam via train we headed over to the hotel by foot, you don't need a taxi or anything. The neighborhood where the hotel is located is right on the Red Light District, so if you know what you are expecting its not that bad. True, the front desk is also the bar and when we got there, there were about 5 or 6 guys drinking up a storm and it was pretty smokey. The room we had was up on the 3 floor (the American 4th), the ceiling was angled as it was part of the roof and our bathroom ceiling was the same. The desk staff at check-in was terrible she never smiled or wished us a pleasant stay. When we went out for dinner and we passed right by the desk and tried to make eye contact she never looked up or said anything to us and the same was true on our return. The morning staff was much nicer. The breakfast was excellent!!! Hotels need to remember (no matter how small or large) service is key and a simple hello, goodbye, how can I help you, have a nice evening/day etc... goes a long way.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Blue_moo_cow
<Content>Lack of Lux       missing ceiling tiles  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>mj_senior
<Content>Great hotel !! Excellent location, just 2 minutes walk from the Central Rail Station (walk...don't get taxi !). Close to bars and restaurants and myself and my partner always felt very safe. No suggestion it was in the middle of a gay area... so what if it was .... and I am a 'straight' guy ! The hotel is open 24/7 and security is good as entry is only available through the main front door that is reception operated. The rooms that we saw were excellent...clean...spacious ... excellent air con (quiet) .... plenty of hot water ... clean towels daily .... room serviced daily .... TV with at least 50 channels (many in English) ... security safe in the room..... even plug adapters in the room for UK to European supply. Breakfast was served from 8am-11am and there was always plenty of good food for every taste and plenty of staff topping up supplies. The staff themselves were always on hand for anything we required and were helpful and polite. I really cannot fault this hotel in any way and would not hesitate to recommend it to anybody going to Amsterdam looking for a low cost 'no frills' type of deal, although I have to say I have often paid more and received far less in other hotels in Amsterdam and around the world. We will be back that is for sure... I wouldn't look anywhere else ! Anybody want any further help... do not hesitate to contact me.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lippi
<Content>Not quite as good as before, but still O.K. I stayed at the Luxer a couple of years ago and could not really find much fault with it for the price. Much remains the same--the breakfast is good and in a nice comfortable area, the location is great--a short walk from the main train station, and the room size adequate. They have, however, started to think of ways to nickle and dime the customers. The internet access used to be free in the lobby, now it's 30 cents a minute. The bag storage used to be free and now is 2.50 a bag. Also, there is a 5 euro charge for using a credit card to pay your bill. None of this was mentioned until I got there. Also the place is starting to show its age a bit. All that said, I think it still represents a pretty good deal for a very central location in Amsterdam.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stowman
<Content>Good value, Great Location My wife and I stayed for 4 nights from May 9th. Hotel is situated on street at edge of red light district less than 5 minutes walk from Central station. Room was decent size, clean and well serviced. Breakfast is included in price and includes selection of breads, cheese, meats, cereals yoghurts and fruits. Staff were friendly and helpful, look out for night porter Chris, a cool guy who keeps the all night bar going as long as you want him to.Thoroughly enjoyed our stay at this hotel and was pleasantly surprised by quality of hotel in this price range and would recommend to anyone.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Couldn't fault it Stayed here for 3 nights with my girlfriend, brother and sister-in-law, couldn't really fault it to be honest. The location is great being just a few minutes from Central Station.The 2 of us had the room on the top floor, nice size room and bathroom was fine apart from the shower which is set too low due to the low ceiling in there.The street its on is fine, lots of coffeeshops along it, fast food, cake shops and the Red Light District is the next canal over which is always good fun to walk around. If your sensible and streetwise then you wont have a problem with any of 'dodgy' guys that hang around the area.Breakfast wasn't anything special, selection of cereals, coffees etc.Staff were very helpful and sorted any issues we had.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CB_N_Ireland
<Content>Central location, good value for money We (my sisters, mum and niece) stayed at the Luxer for 3 days earlier this month and had an excellent time. The hotel is in a central location, a few minutes walk from Centraal station and Damrak however it is rather close to some of the risque shops associated with the red light district (although suggesting that it is IN the RLD is misleading). Warmoesstraat itself is quite a pleasant street with a few bars, coffeeshops and restaurants as well as the shops that I mentioned earlier.One street across is the start of the RLD but during the day this is still a pleasant area for a quiet drink and some v. interesting people-watching!! Amstelkring (Our Lord in the Attic museum) is just around the corner and well worth a visit; no-one could imagine what lies behind a fairly uninspiring facade.The hotel is easy to find despite not having much in the way of frontage; it's a typically narrow building with quite a dark reception area - lots of red paint and dark wood. There's a little bar area (more expensive than surrounding bars and little in the way of atmosphere but pleasant enough for a drink before or after a night out) and the reception staff are helpful and informative. Check in was a very speedy process even though we arrived before our check in time of 2pm.Our rooms were on the 3rd floor at the back of the building so no view but also no street noise. Rooms were clean and fairly well-maintained; not particularly spacious but contained everything we required for our short stay (no tea/coffee making facilities however we brought our own supplies incl. cups and the chambermaid was kind enough to bring us a kettle which bizarrely had a UK 3-prong plug).Breakfast and city tax were included in the room price (鈧?0 per night for a double and 鈧?50 per night for a triple); this certainly wasn't the case with most of the hotels that I looked at. Breakfast was a typically continental affair with cooked ham, turkey, cheese, cucumber, tomato, lots of freshly-baked bread, fruit, cereal, juice, tea/coffee etc. The breakfast area is a little cramped and very dark and tables had to be cleared by one member of staff (there was no option for guests to clear their own tables as dishes had to be taken directly into the kitchen) so sometimes this area was a bit messy.Overall, we had a lovely stay and I'd be happy to book this hotel for future visits.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible hotel First of all, the hotel is located on the noisy street in the gay district. This area is not safe. Secondly, personal seemed to be slightly tight. Also, when we asked to leave our baggage for couple of hours after checkout, they said we should pay, although it usually costs nothing. Thirdly, our room was quit small and uncomfortable.I can say nothing bad about breakfast at the hotel; also rooms were quite clean, but still the hotel left a very bad impression. I would not recommend the hotel, especially for families with children.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Caz
<Content>Excellent value and great location. My husband and I have just come back from a weekend in Amsterdam. We arrived by train and it was literately a 3 minute walk from central station. Once we entered the hotel we were pleasantly surprised with how nice the place was. The room was really nice, very clean and ready when we arrived (it said on the website we booked it on that the room wouldn鈥檛 be ready till 14:00) and the staff was unbelievably helpful.Overall I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone, it really was a great weekend and a fantastic hotel. We highly recommend this hotel and we will be booking another stay later this year!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelhoney
<Content>Great Hotel PRIME location! Helpful and kind staff. Clean. No complaints. It was perfect. Highly recommended, especially for the price.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent location and great value for money We have just arrived back from Amsterdam yesterday. Our stay at the Hotel Luxer was a very, very enjoyable stay. Very clean, friendly staff and a great location. We arrived at the hotel at 11am on our first day to drop our bags in reception as the check-in time is at 2pm. We were given our room key and offered breakfast which was a great bonus as we could eat and freshen up after traveling! We highly recommend this hotel and we will be booking another stay later this year!!!!!!!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WyoBus
<Content>Truly great people They say that staff can make or break any establishment - budget to 5 star - and the people staffing the Luxer very definitely make this place a gem! Our flight arrived 8:30am and we were at the hotel at 9:30 asking if we could leave our bags and return in the afternoon to check-in. No problem was the response and by the way, if you have not had breakfast we're still serving so help yourself Delicious Dutch breakfast buffet - we found more than enough choices to satisfy and as its self-service, quantity is not an issue. After a walk and canal cruise our room was ready by 1pm and we found no fault with it - typical European double room with plenty of hot water for an extended shower!On departure we had to leave at 6:30am for an early flight to London, but Chris, the night receptionist, insisted on getting the breakfast buffet ready an hour early so that we could have yet another excellent breakfast before walking over to Centraal Station (less than 5 minutes - great location).Housekeepers were very friendly and helpful as were all the reception/bar staff. These are great people and a joy to stay with them - we're looking forward to returning to Amsterdam and seeing them all again soon.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>StanInLondon
<Content>Good Value        The hotel entrance  
<Date>Mar 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay My daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Luxer in Amsterdam, and really enjoyed it. We didn't research well, and found out it was on the outskirts of the Red Light District, but that was never a problem. All the loud night activity was a couple of blocks away and did not disturb us. The staff was very friendly and spoke English...the rates were reasonable, the room was small but clean. When we thought our electricity was off in the room, their handy man Harry came up and explained to us that we needed to use our door card inside the room to activate the electricity. He was such a nice, older Dutch man. Every time he saw us, he would stop and say good morning, or good evening, and chat a little bit. Such a nice man. They have a free breakfast consisting of several different kinds of bread, some meats, cheeses, chocolate milk, hot chocolate, orange juice, espresso, coffee, cereal, etc. Nothing fancy, but it could fill you up. I DO recommend your staying there. Be nice to Harry.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, not great location Everything about this hotel itself was great -- the staff was friendly, everything was clean, breakfast was very nice, the rooms were fairly spacious (especially for Europe), and the bathrooms were quite nice.The location ... eh, a little seedy. Although I felt safe while around the hotel at all times, it's just not the best location. It is located on the street that is known for it's gay leather merchandise and it's right on the edge of the Red Light District. However, it is VERY CLOSE to the train station which turned out to be quite helpful since we had some large luggage.But because of its location, my initial impression of Amsterdam was not a good one. If you want to go to the places that you see in the pictures with the picturesque canals and houses, stay further south or west of this location. It is not FAR from those places, but visiting in March when it's cold and rainy, the walk seemed quite far. In the summer I'm sure it would not seem long (and would actually be quite nice).This hotel is a good value though -- for Amsterdam, that is. It is expensive like everything else. But you do get a pretty nice hotel. If you stay here though, be prepared to do some walking (but nothing anyone under 55 would have a problem with).  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice! i stayed in this hotel with 7 other friends. we really liked this hotel and thought it was great value for money. the rooms are very nice and the breakfast is very nice also. it is located very central and even though it says it is just off the red light district it is still a good walk away. you dont feel threatened there at all!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ritchie67
<Content>fantastic My husband and I stayed here feb 05 this is the 2nd visit to this hotel staff fantastic room was great, location 2nd to none.Central station just a couple of yards away its the next street to the Damrak.plenty of coffee shops on the door step as well as food, you can eat and drink in your room one down side is no tea or coffee facility's in the room (we took our own ) overall well priced for Amsterdam and I would recomened this Hotel to anyone  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Average..!!!! Good value for money, very clean and OK breakfast. The position is excellent and only a stones throw from central station. The only downside was, that some of the staff could have been more attentive and friendly.We shall probably stay elsewhere next time but still in the same location.Amsterdam is Fantastic, we love it there.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ben_jammin
<Content>Can't beat it for the price! Just got back from a valentines weekend in Amsterdam, staying at the Hotel Luxer. We booked through hotels and had 3 nights for the princely sum of 鈧?15 (拢152), bed and breakfast.We were on the first floor which was a little noisy at night (you are right next to the red light district) but the room was comfortable and adequate for our needs (although it was pretty small). The room was cleaned and towels were changed on the second day. Continental Breakfast was served in the bar area and was plentiful. The hotel had a cozy feeling to it as you felt welcome there - and you can't beat it for the money!I would recommend this hotel to couples or groups travelling together, but not if you are likely to feel uneasy about the suspicious characters around the area! On another note, do NOT get a taxi from centraal station to the hotel. It is only over the road! Look for the nh hotel opposite and to the left of the station and walk to it - the Luxer is down the Warmoestraat which is to the side of this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location , Great Hotel I have just come back from visting amsterdam for 2 nights (160 euros) and stayed in the Luxer as I had read pretty good reviews. What a find the Hotel is located minutes from Central Station and located just on the edge of the Red Light District. In the Immediate area there are plenty of Restaurants offering a huge choice from Thai to Chinese, Indonesian, Dutch , Tapas you name it and the Bars are great also...The entrance to the Hotel is the Bar and Reception which is manned 24 x 7 so you get a drink anytime :) and for added security you have to be buzzed in..Easy check inn friendly staff , pay on arrival with a lift to all floors.The double room we stayed in was modern decor a great clean bathroom and the bedding was very clean and comfortable. The only down side was size of the room , pretty small compared to Travel Lodges in the UK but for a short stay was fine ...I would not reccomend for families due to its proximity to the Red Light Area but for any Straight or Gay Couples it is great and I would definitley go back ....  
<Date>Feb 2, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb place Decided to stay at the Luxer after reading the reviews here and i felt i got very good value for money.The hotel is about 5-10 minutes from Centraal Station and is at the edge of the redlight district. Giving the nature of some of the nearby establishments it may not be the kind of area to take the kids and the lone female traveller may feel a bit uneasy around the area. I am a female traveller and i felt pretty safe around the hotel however the redlight area is only a minute away. If this is likely to offend maybe best book somewhere further away.The place is lovely and clean and the staff are friendly. Breakfast buffet is included in the price and offers a good selection of fresh food.If i return to Amsterdam in the future i would not hesitate to book the Luxer again. Great Value in a fab location  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stef58
<Content>Good value for money Stayed at this hotel in October 2004 for three nights.Location was excellent if you are looking to be situated close to all the action. A 5 min walk from central station and also close to the rld and dam square.Room was very small and bathhroom even smaller but considering all we paid we where happy enough. 320 euros for three nights for both of us. Breakfast was plentifull but get there early as the bread rolls soon went.We didn't find the staff all that friendly but did't spend much time at the hotel bar as the drink was very expensive so this did not bother us too much.Would stay in this hotel again. Didn't have much too complain about.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SouthWales7
<Content>Location Excellent!! My husband and I recently stayed in the Luxer Hotel (January 2005) and i was a bit worried about the hotel as I had read some good and bad reviews. Normally we tend to stay outside of the centre and catch the tram/taxi in.On arrival another couple staying at the hotel came down to the front desk and said that their door had been left open by the cleaners luckily nothing was missing. MMM, i thought this was not a good start. However, i am pleased to say that even though the room was tiny, i know that this is standard in Europe (Room 201 - double room - nothing like on the website) and don't expect to move around in the bathroom as the sink was so close to the toilet you had to sit on it sideways!!!The staff were very friendly and had there was a relaxed atmosphere. The best thing about the hotel was the location it was within walking distance from all main attractions. The hotel was clean and maid service came in everyday whether you wanted it or not.I would recommend this hotel however check your allocated room before and certainly shop around for prices as we paid 70 euros a night and that was during the weekend.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Luxer - Great Place Great Value We visited Amsterdam for 2 nights in mid December 2004 and stayed at Hotel Luxer (pre-booked 2 double rooms for 160 euros each - great value for money!). The location was great - It takes about 5 mins to walk from Central Station to the hotel or 5 mins in the opposite direction and you're in the centre of Dam Square yet 2 mins walk round the corner and you're in the RLD (however this didn't make the area feel seedy).The reception area was clean and tidy, with the reception staff doubling up as the bar staff. Checking in was quick and easy - full payment is expected upon arrival although our price also included breakfast and tax. The room itself was fairly basic but clean and tidy with towels and mini bottles of shower gel provided. The big heating / air conditioning unit had an easily operated control panel on the wall. Breakfast was a plentiful self serve buffet served from 8 till 11 (although the day we checked out we had to leave at 6am and staff did offer to get breakfast out early for us). SummaryPros: Staff very helpful friendly and knowledgable. 24 hours bar service. Rooms clean  tidy. Location good for shopping, bars, RLD, restaurants, station etc. Cons: Air conditioning unit pretty noisy at times (intermittant rattling), no coffee facilities in room.Would i stay here again? Yes!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value, good location, clean and friendly Hotel Luxer is in a great location, only a 5- 10 min walk from Centraal station and on the edge of the Red Light district. It is located at the station end of Warmoesstraat. Rooms are clean and modern, duvets, shower, towels, safety deposit in room (10e deposit and 5e per day to hire), heating/air-con, wardrobe, bed-side drawers, desk. We were pleased with our room, had a nice view of the Oude Kerk church at the back. There's a lift and stairs in reception. Good selection at the breakfast buffet, sliced meats and cheese, hot and cold drinks, cereals, breads, fruit cocktail, cake,etc,etc. 24 hour reception with door buzzer to stop the riff raff getting in(although not in a dodgy area), Robinson (the night porter) is a great guy, we stayed up 'til the early hours and chatted over drinks in the bar downstairs! Toasted sandwiches, hot/cold drinks are available to buy 24/7 at the bar/reception, there's also a vending machine (chocolate/crisps/nuts) and an internet facility. Lots of good restaurants on the same street; indonesian, tapas, mexican,etc. Can recommend Winstons down the road for a good alternative night out (Club Vegas)on a Sunday 21.00-3.00 (see their web-site www.clubvegas.nl). Baggage can be left in a secure room for a small fee of 2.50e per bag, until you're ready to go home. We'll definately stay here next time we go to Amsterdam.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Luxer The staff were great. The breakfast was good, if you arrive and its being served the staff tell you to help yourself. The room, bedding and bathroom were very clean. The only problem during our stay was that we overlooked the road (we were above the front door) if your room is here you will not get a good nights sleep. We were woken each morning by lorries delivering goods from 6am to the local bars and hotels. Some nights we were woken by people shouting in the roads. When you book ask for a room not at the front on the main road. However, on saying this we would go back as its in a good location and the staff were lovely.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>McCluggage
<Content>A Friendly and Happy Hotel We are a group of friends who have just spent a wonderful weekend in Amsterdam celebrating our 50th birthdays.The Luxor is very convenient to Central Station,only a 5min walk,and the rest of the city. It is situated on the outer street of the red light district but we never felt threatened at any time even though several of us walked home alone in the early hours of the morning. There are several good bars,cafes and restaurants on the same street.The rooms were fine and well serviced. The hotel has a nice relaxed atmosphere and the staff are very tolerant and friendly. Continental breakfast is served between 8am and 11am which was good.The only small negative is that the corridor walls are painted white and in need of a new coat which gave a slightly poor first impression as the hotel is good.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redlisab
<Content>Lovely hotel for the price. We stayed here from Oct 4th-7th and found it one of the better hotels for the price paid 280eur for twin room, 3 nights incl breakfast. If you want a 5 star hotel then go elsewhere and pay the huge prices. The hotel was clean and though very close to red light, it was safe. Lots of bars and restaurants on same street as well as coffe shops so one does not have to venture far. The breakfast is superb with plenty of choice and kept well stocked up(breads, ham, cheese, turkey, fruit, jams, madeira cake, biscuits and juice. As for the air conditioning its really not needed, but then again us europeans are not used to having a.c., if ya want to cool down open the window... its not rocket science, but then again some people are never pleased and like to complain. Situated only 5 mins from centraal station. If like me you like to shop jump on train to haarlem (10min train ride, 5.70eur ret) and shop your heart out. The luxer is a lovely small hotel, kept clean and smack bang in the middle of everything. I am returning in Feb again and will continue to do so in the future.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PerpetualTraveller
<Content>Just OK, but not for families We spent 3 nights at the Hotel Luxer. To be honest it is not the kind of hotel I would normally book but having decided to travel on a budget this hotel fit into the price criteria.I did not do a lot of research on the hotel location before I left so it came as a bit of shock that it is located pretty much at the end of the red light district. I would not recommend this hotel for a family, but if you are open minded the location should not be an issue.The hotel itself is quite small - the reception area triples as the reception area, bar and breakfast dining area in one and is very smokey. The rooms are small (bathrooms tiny!) but are neat and clean. The breakfast is quite a good spread. All in all it's not a bad hotel. The air conditioning in the room did not work - the weather was a little cool so we were after heating.I probably wouldn't give it a 3 star rating - it's more a 2.5 star.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>JammieDodger
<Content>A Bit on The Dodgy Side of Life Hotel Luxer is a bit of an enigma. Really conveniently located, but slap bang in the middle of Amsterdam's decidedly dodgy area.Our room was ok, the reception doubles as the bar - which is not so great. The staff were not as attentive as they could have been at times.Warmoesstraat is not the street to stay on if you'd rather avoid the seedier sights. If you are going to Amsterdam for the beautiful canals and the great museums and galleries then look for somewhere around the Grachtengordel, Jordaan, or the Museum Quarter.Having said that, there is a real buzz about the area Luxer is in. Chinatown is just around the corner, and there are loads of great traditional Dutch pubs - try De Wildeman for a great local atmosphere and wonderful beers. Just don't go there if you'd rather avoid the 'in your face' sleaze and the lads on stag nights!A great day in Amsterdam can be had by hiring bikes. We hired from Macbikes, and they were excellent. Good quality bikes and very helpful staff.You can get around much of Amsterdam with ease and by the end of the day you really feel you know the city  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxer:- if you want to spoil your Stay! Disgusting!!!!! We stayed there at luxer for 3 nights , without airconditioner, the staff kept lying to us that they would repair it but ntohing like it happened. You pay to live in the hotel and you feel like they are doing a favour on you!Total Dissapointment and I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL TO ANYONE!Only thing is that it is in the prime location, but not worth it. The service  Staff SUCKS!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location location location Hotel Luxer is a small little hotel on Wormostraat in the very centre of amsterdam. The hotel itself has a warm dark red entry with a gothic Creole feel. The reception area is hometo the fully stocked bar which is open to the wee hours. This leads back into the breakfast area which serves from 7-11 am. The breakfast on offer is substantial and is a help yourself buffet but dont expect full english as it is continental only. When you get into the corridors, which do need atouch up of paint,you get to your room. We had a triple with en-suite. The room was spacious with a tv, the towels were replaced daily and the beds made daily too.The staff were very friendly and made us feel welcome.The location is amazing.It is literally one block over from Centraal Station. Standat the entrance of the hotel- turn left and you are rightin the heart of amsterdams busy streets, continue up Wormostraat and there you Dam Square and from there navigating the city is easy.The easy was to navigate the city is by canals- see a map you will understand!!!Top tips-Excellent gay sceneExcellent staight sceneExcellent cakes-seriously!!!!7 euro pizzaue the trams and the trainsvisit Rjiks Museum and Anne Frank HuisMostly the city is based on fun, so have it.Amsterdam is 5 star for entertainment and culture  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>anon14London
<Content>A little diappointed I stayed in the Hotel Luxer for 2 nights based on these reviews and as I was a woman travelling on my own was looking for a safe and clean hotel. The hotel itself is near the Red Light District but there are so many people milling about that it is an OK area. I have no complaints about the single room - it was clean and had a nice bathroom (although no view or light at all on the ground floor). But I didn't really feel safe in the hotel itself. In the early hours of the first night the fire alarm went off for about 10 seconds. It woke me up and there was no explanation of why it had gone off. I found it very difficult to get back to sleep as the room itself was quite noisy at night - the air conditioning unit was rattling (even though it wasn't turned on) and the pipes were squeaking etc. The second night I was awoken in the early hours again by someone knocking on the door of the room next to mine - this went on for about 5 minutes and was quite disconcerting. So if you are a woman on your own I wouldn't recommend this hotel. Also the lounge bar/dining area has a very sweet sickly smell - I am not sure what it is but may be incense burners. But it was very strong and gave me a bit of a sore head!  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Try the Luxer VILLA! We arrived at Centraal station and i feared the worst: It was 18.00 and I had just got off the train from Schipol airport and was trying to make headway into a crowd that was moving nowhere fast on a vastly overpopulated platform. I didnt have the heart to tell the other 10 lads that the phonecall i had just receieved was the hotel: they had double booked us and we would be staying somewhere else for our three nite jaunt int he Dutch capital!We walked the 5 mins walk (takes 10 if you go around the canal and not down Damrak!) to Luxer on the Warmoesstraat. On arrival, they knew who we were staright away and we were told arrangements had been made for us to stay in a VILLA round the corner (imagine the hotels on the right of you, walk straight up and turn right at end of street past Irish bar, its opp the argentinain tapas bar - and has its own gates and courtyard!)This was the best place EVER! 4 stories. Loads of bedrooms, bathrooms, and a rooftop balcony from where you could see the whole of amsterdam! It even had a massive jacuzzi!Betetr than staying in the hotel! (which was great as well though!)  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>luxor is ideal this is one of the better hotels for this price range that myself and my partner have stayed in, previous reports say  dark and dangerous well this is one of the more busy well lit streets in the city full of tourists and the like, as with any other street in amsterdam, you will get druggies but not to any large amount in this street, if you want dark try chucking a few left turns and see where you end up!!!As for the hotel being locked at nights, great!! you only got to press a bell and the door is opened in seconds, it keeps the riff raff out and often there is only one girl at reception. The staff are great, friendly, helpfull and welcoming, it all adds to the general atmosphere of the luxor.Rooms, they are what you would expect, clean tidy and fit the purpose well, not huge but not to small.Breakfast, great, everything you would expect, fruit,hams,cheese etc, fruit and lovely coffee and juice, dig in help yourself, we did and never ate again until late afternoons. oh and it is served from 8am until 11 am, no more running donw at 9 to grab breakfast, get up take your time, ideal.If you want a good hotel, in centre of city, two minutes from red light district and coffeeshops, dont look any further, book the luxor, we will book again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome!!!!! The luxer lived up to all the expectations it had promissed. We stayed in amsterdam for 2 weeks studying international criminal law. We were looking for a safe hotel in the middle of the action. Geographically the luxer is located right in the heart of the city, and the staff (Jeff, Chris) made us feel safe at all hours of the night. Rooms are clean and the price was right. Thanks for all the memories luxer!!!Jimmy D  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel The Luxer Hotel is conveniently situated near to the Central train station with the Red Light District only a few streets away. The Hotel itself is very clean and the staff are friendly - all english speaking. It's a new hotel in which all rooms have air conditioning, TV and are ensuite. They have a continental style breakfast which is available from 8am - 11am. The bar is open 24 hours a day but you might need to win the lottery to be able to afford to drink there all night - pint of beer costing 5.50 Euros.Personally, i cannot fault this hotel especially when you compare it against others in the area. I'd certainly revisit this hotel. Pricewise, the hotel rates are around 150 Euros per night for a double room but if you use a booking agency you can get the same room for only 100 Euros.A previous review suggested that it was situated in a dodgy area - i couldn't disagree more. There are more dodgy areas in the Florida Mall ;o)  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Some good and bad points The Luxer is near the red light area and the street is full of coffee houses and a few gay clubs. It's not the most scenic area but handy for Central Station. The double room we stayed in was small and basic but clean. We would say the bed was uncomfortable and the shower was more of a sprinkler. The bells of a nearby church do tend to wake you early. The buffet breakfast is fine and well stocked.A good place to stay if you want somewhere decent in this area at a reasonable price.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxer, just another word for Heaven!!   showReview(2241628, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In A Grungy Part   showReview(2222425, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok place to stay...   showReview(2159032, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value   showReview(2059890, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxor was just ok   showReview(1757393, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Friendly Hotel   showReview(1742617, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In the middle of it all..   showReview(1729870, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(1724212, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and centrally situated   showReview(1635331, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loving Luxor   showReview(1216635, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>mucho_pichu
<Content>Mas que regular   showReview(22845746, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	2	1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Posizione fantastica in pieno...   showReview(22881401, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'albergo 猫 a circa 200 m dalla...   showReview(22769725, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel 猫 in ottima posizione...   showReview(22285763, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>HOTEL MUY BIEN SITUADO JUNTO A...   showReview(22232796, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>L'hotel si trova in un'ottima...   showReview(21417879, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>moheji
<Content>銇傘伨銈娿亰濂ㄣ倎銇с亶銇俱仜銈?#x201d;   showReview(19425062, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Suite 脿 probl猫me 脿 l'hotel...   showReview(17740209, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>war super toll... ;)   showReview(15574105, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Surtout pas de chambre single   showReview(15574104, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>patolino
<Content>Mediocre!   showReview(14334783, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Quand nous sommes arriv茅s nous...   showReview(16725626, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel en bon 茅tat, en plein centre ville   showReview(13980836, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pas mal   showReview(13190061, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fatponcho
<Content>Hotel calidad-precio y situaci贸n excelente!!!   showReview(13097450, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>loubilette
<Content>tres bel hotel tres bien situ茅   showReview(12739018, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>check the room   showReview(13190059, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottima posizione centrale,a 2...   showReview(12651233, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tres bon hotel, malgre une situation dans une rue un peu chaude   showReview(11456957, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mariay04
<Content>Est谩 Bien   showReview(7974640, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Lage   showReview(11426051, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹挎硦銇欍倠銇倝鍦板洺銇⒑瑾嶃倰锛?#x201d;   showReview(19159131, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

