<Author>selizabethm
<Content>Wonderful time- even with the snow! What a great experience! From the goldfish in the room (which my daughter loved) to the fact that the valet parking staff who put on my chains on for me it was fabulous. The staff was attentive and went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable. Oh, and about the parking: the charge is about what you would pay at any garage or lot- and I bet they wouldn't help you out in the snow!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>IndieLady
<Content>Lovely hotel, unique decor, friendly front desk staff, central location It's only recently that I've started staying at boutique hotels, so I'm definitely not an expert on the subtleties that these types of establishments provide. But I've already stayed at a few Kimptons and I must say that my experiences are mostly good. Hotel Monaco is no exception. The decor at the Kimpton Hotels is always unique - they have a wonderful way of pulling off colors, textures and patterns so one feels cool and trendy yet comfortable. The lobby and lounge were decorated really nicely in very rich tones. Our room provided a nice view and had this modern, romantic, shabby-chic feel to it, for lack of a better description. All the staff was friendly and helpful without any attitude. Sazerac Restaurant served us delicious breakfast in a really great setting. Seattle is a cute town in and of itself, so the hotel only enhanced our stay. The location was ideal! We walked everywhere and had no need for a taxi. There are lots of restaurants nearby, and it only took a good 10-15 minutes to walk to Pike Place Market. From what I remember, the library is right across the street and is a must see. Gorgeous architecture. Overall, this was a nice hotel and I'd stay here again. I only gave it 4-stars because I recently stayed at a Shangri-La and was so wowed by the experience. But if I hadn't been, the Hotel Monaco would've gotten another star!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Hilobb
<Content>Nice hotel, expensive parking We got a good deal to stay at this hotel for our anniversary. We arrived late in the evening, and we took the advice of previous reviews and did the valet parking. Check in was very quick and easy. We were a little disappointed by the (non-existent) view from the room, but the room itself was clean and a nice size. The bed was comfortable, but I woke up with a stiff neck from the high pillows. It was not as soundproof as we like...we heard music from the next room at night, and in the morning there were loud bangs from doors opening and closing, and we could hear people talking in the hallway. Maybe we just had noisy neighbors. The aveda bath products were nice. We did not get a goldfish for our stay, though that is a nice touch and we would've taken advantage of it if we were staying longer. Location is great, within walking distance of shopping. Overall a nice experience, except for having to pay $40 for parking one night!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	4	

<Author>Chianti_girl24
<Content>Fabulous hotel Location and service are great. The valet was a doll, the front desk got me to my room quickly and everytime I passed through the lobby, the staff had huge smiles on their faces. I will be staying here often and would recommend to anyone. Valet parking is the only way to go. Starbucks is on the same block for those who need their lattes first thing in the morning!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hothearted
<Content>Loved the Monaco! Staff was amazing, with a small exception of the valet texting when we needed to hail a cab. He made up for it throughout our stay. Naturally in Kimpton style staff was incredibly friendly down to earth and helpful. Rooms were incredibly comfortable and clean. I've stayed at all 3 Kimptons in Seattle and the Monaco is my favorite thanks to their staff. They always makes me feel welcome and special. I love their wine hour. Ginger snap Cocktails in the restaurant made night. They were so yummy. Bartender Kelly was fantastic. Besides the high parking charge the Monaco gave us yet again a perfect stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MauiDiver
<Content>Ok, but nothing special for the $$ they charge I am a Diamond Member at Hilton but decided to give this chain a shot when I had my 20th Anniversary in Seattle. Well to start off I booked a suite and paid extra and then found that their website description is not what you get. A suite has more than a bedroom and a bathroom (standard hotel room). When I took my printed reservation down to the front desk and showed them that it said things like two TV, a couch, ect, the desk clerk told me oh, they mixed two suites into the same description on the Kimpton Website - sorry about that how about a free breakfast. You got to be kidding me! Even Embassy Suits has a sitting room, bathroom and bedroom unlike what Kimpton calls a suite. I was here for a 5 day stay and this was how they offer to correct false advertising? I send the Kimpton preferred guest website an email asking about the failure to provide a suite as advertised on their website (my reservation description) (also furnished a hard copy of the reservation printout (from their website) to the front desk manager on duty) and did not get any reply or solution. I also send an email after the trip (guest survey) and once again did not get any follow up via email or mail. So I guess that tell you how concerned they are about guest.The staff ranged from indifferent to not helpful. I asked the front desk if their was any good breakfast spots in the neighborhood hood and was told, no only the hotels. Gee I found one of the best breakfast spots in Seattle 1/2 a block away, how convenient that the hotel does not know they exist. We arrived late the first night (11 pm) and had to go inside and run down the bellman who busy chating on his cell phone to get any help with our bags.Prior to my arrival I had emailed the hotel to inform them that it was my 20th Anniversary as my other half is really picky so I wanted to make sure everything was good to go. I got a nice email back saying they would like to deliver a bottle of champagne and some chocolate covered strawberries to our room upon arrival to celebrate. I also told them we needed foam pillows. So upon arrival no champagne or strawberries, no foam pillows and we had a great room with a view of an alley and high rise building -nice!Now the good - you will not find a better housekeeping staff or a cleaner room than this property. We were very impressed that when we left each morning to go out shopping that they made up the room before we got back (even short trips of 2 hours or less). The beds were comfortable.Not so good - the AC-Heat control has a 4 x 4 inch screen that is bring green and will shine directly in your eyes all night. If you are light sensitive, you will have to tape something over the controls.This is not a 4 start hotel, it a very clean business hotel with super high rates. You can do better at any of the chain hotels in Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	2	2	3	

<Author>Tulane86
<Content>Nice Rooms but not a 4* experience The Hotel Monaco in Seattle is a good hotel but I wouldn't put it at 4* level.Positives:Large bathroom (Mediterranean Suite)Comfortable bed  pillowsAttentive housekeeping staffNegatives:AC unit malfunctioned throughout the stay Front desk disorganized. Missed 3 separate wakeup calls. Concierge was always busy and hard to get in touch with. Didn't provide much guidance on special requests.TV hard to use and iPod sound dock in suite non functioning.----I decided to book a Mediterranean Suite for my 3 night weekend stay after my 1st choice (where the rest of my party was) filled up. In comparison to the W, I spent about $45 more per night but had a larger (square footage) room with a great soaking tub (with whirlpool jets) and a nice shower.Before my stay, I had the hotel arrange a car service, the price $53 with tip was reasonable and the driver was waiting for me on arrival.Checkin was easy but the downside was that with a room that was picked for its 2 person jacuzi tub, I found no bath accessories (salts, bubble bath etc...) and didn't get any during the stay. The first night (got in around 12/1a) I checked in and had a voucher for a bottle of champagne (nice gesture) and the fish waiting in my room. First impression is that the room was huge but there was so much open space I felt that the room was almost too big. The TV was far away from the bed so it was a chore to change the channel. The iPod dock was also broken which was disappointing.In the morning on my way out I asked for someone at the desk to check the thermostat out (it said 65F but was around 74, which was about 2 degrees too warm) and try to cover its face for me at night (bright blue light kept me up). When I got back to the room that night, no one had done either. That was the 1st drop by the front desk. I called maintainence and someone came to look at the thermostat but he told me to play around with the settings until I was happy (why have a digital box if it won't work!?!??!?!)I asked for a wakeup call at 10am the next morning, that didn't happen. I called later for a 6pm nap wakeup call.... they forgot that. The 10am wakeup call the next morning, yep, it was forgotten.The bathroom facilities were great in this room but I was surprised that a room sold for its whirlpool bath tub wouldn't have had any bath amenities. It was great to relax in the water with the jets going.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	1	3	5	

<Author>kstenger
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Monaco We are Seattle residents, so it was interesting researching and booking a hotel in our own city. Our daughter's 9th birthday was 09.13.08 and we promised to take her and two girlfriends to see Shrek the Musical at the 5th Avenue Theater, and decided we'd make a fun night out of it by booking a nearby hotel as well.We settled on the Monaco based on its proximity to the theater, price, and Trip Adviser reviews, and couldn't have had a more rewarding experience.The play started at 2:00 PM, so the day before, I called and requested an early check-in of 1:00. I was told there was no guarantee, which is industry standard, so we left our house headed for the Monaco with no real expectation of being able to check in to the room early. To my utter amazement, we arrived and were checked in and on our way up to the room in about 90 seconds. Big points there. While checking in, I asked the front desk staff to send three of the child-sized animal print robes and a few goldfish up to the room while we were at the play as a fun surprise for the girls.When we arrived at the room, it was clean, spacious, and very nicely furnished and decorated. I almost always take pictures for TA reviews, but we had so much on our plates that day, it just didn't happen.After the play, we returned to the robes and goldfish as promised, and the girls were ecstatic. The little touches that the hotel provides really personalize the hotel experience and make it feel so much more homey, as opposed to many of the sterile hotel experiences I've had in the past. We didn't spend long in the room before heading down to Sazerac (the hotel's restaurant) for dinner. In the mean time, my husband sneaked my daughter's birthday cake out of our car and left it with the front desk staff with instructions that we would like to order it from room service so that we could keep it a surprise from our daughter. No problem.Dinner was wonderful, and our wonderful (and patient!) waiter overheard it was a birthday, and surprised the girls with a chocolate lava cake for dessert. They were thrilled.When we finally headed to the room for any length of time that day, we were surprised to find three gift-packs for the girls, courtesy of the hotel, along with a nice card for the birthday girl letting her know that whenever she was ready, they had some cookies and milk for her - she simply needed to call room service. Another wonderful touch.Eventually we ordered our cake from room service and it was delivered along with candles provided by the hotel. The girls loved that. :)I can honestly say that the hotel was dead quiet that night - I actually wondered if our floor was empty. The beds were quite comfortable (although my husband took some issue with the pillows. All things considered, I think we'll give it a pass!) and we slept well. The next morning we headed back downstairs for breakfast and it was quite good. I have a few suggestions for the restaurants Bloody Mary bar - Sazerac, call me! :)Checkout was smooth, and when we left, everyone was incredibly happy with our experience.As a humorous side-note, my daughter and her friends stayed up so late the night of her birthday, that she was exhausted when we got back to our house. At bedtime that night, she burst into tears, lamenting that the best day of her life was over. She also asked if we could go back to the Monaco next year.Thank you so much Hotel Monaco for making our experience so incredibly enjoyable, and for making my daughter feel so special. Well done.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cantwaitNy
<Content>Great Hotel Fantastic Hotel. Get the goldfish to keep you company. We still miss ours, Phil! Jeff at the concierge was a great help. Loved the crazy room--somehow the stripes work. Will definitely return. Breakfast at the restaurant was outstanding.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>MarbleJac
<Content>Loved It Location is fabulous. Service couldn't have been better.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Smashers
<Content>Clean hotel w/great service! Hotel was in a really good location. The staff was very friendly. Use the valet at the hotel. You'll end up paying just as much to park it in a parking garage that is further away. We didn't eat at the restaurant although it looked great. The room was clean and bigger than we expected for a Hotel Monaco. Short walk to Pike's Market and several restaurants (and coffee shops of course!).  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kiwiwannabe
<Content>Very Pleasant  Agree with all of the positive reviews for the Monaco. It's located in the heart of downtown Seattle and walking distance to Pike Place and other downtown spots. Rooms were very clean and functional and we loved some of the interesting touches. For example you can request a goldfish as a temporary pet and the faux animal terry robes were very comfortable. The one negative was the parking fee as others have also commented on. I'm not sure if $40/day is the norm in Seattle - it is convenient to have the car valet parked - but something to note. Overall we were very pleased and would consider staying at the Monaco again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Chiliwidle
<Content>A Great Hotel We stayed here in March as we were on a Hockey tour. The Hotel is literally opposite the Arena so was a perfect location for us as we had two matches to go to in the four days we were there. Also it is right next to China Town (which is nothing to write home about) and also it is not to far from all the tourist attractions. The cost was a little high at $217 per night but the hotel, location and amenities were worth it to us. The Hotel's restaurant we only ate once in as food was really expensive, but very good. Another nice touch was the wine receptions every evening, which were free receptions for those staying at the hotel. The bathroom needed updating but was perfectly usable and the min bar has to be seen to be believed. All in all I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	2	3	

<Author>trinzeon
<Content>A wonderful hotel at a reasonable price I just left the Monaco and would say that this hotel has absolutely everything for the business traveller. Firstly, in all my years of travel, I have never come across such a friendly, welcoming, and inviting staff outside of Asia. That alone makes this hotel stand out from most US hotels. But there is much more to recommend it. The location is good for anyone staying in Seattle for a conference, or with a need to be downtown. The convention center is appx 10 miute walk, but conversely, it is closer to the waterfront and Pikes Place. The room was outstanding. The bed was large and luxurious, Internet (both wired and WIFI) available at no charge to guests and with a very good signal. The desk was adequate size for working and the room itself was not cramped. Paper at your door every morning. Good coffee (but then again, it is Seattle...).The gym left a bit to be desired, but it was adequate and what was there was new, clean and in great working order,and it was available 24 hours. And they did have a reciprocal agreement with a full health club nearby.The hotel has a bit of a funky vibe (complete with faux leopard-skin robes in the closet), but not so much as to turn off even the most conservative business traveller. In summary, I would recommend the hotel to anyone heading into downtown Seattle for any reason.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ATudorQuene
<Content>AbFab Times at the Hotel Monaco - We Miss You Belle!       Belle and Belle, Too  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BearAndPenguin
<Content>Overpriced My husband and I stayed here the night of our wedding. We paid $300 for the suite with the jetted two-person jacuzzi tub. The hotel has a boutique feel - the rooms are decorated with a lot of stripes and reminded me of Alice in Wonderland. The room we had was huge but had a lot of empty space which was a little strange. The jacuzzi tub was huge and could definitely accommodate two people and was like a hot-tub. The only thing was that the hotel did not provide any bubble bath etc. which would seem normal when offering such a large tub. Parking was outrageous - $40 a night. We previously paid $19/night at the Residence Inn. We ended up parking for free overnight at a meter spot. Room service was fast but the selection was limited and the food was okay, not great. Overall, I didn't have any problems with Hotel Monaco - it just didn't seem worth the high price.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>sunchip
<Content>Unique! A great Stay. Had a wonderful time at the Hotel Monaco. The location was excellent, a short stroll to the main downtown shopping area. Pet friendly but the room showed no signs of animal hair, smells, etc. We had a monaco suite and the sleeping area had big striped curtains which could be pulled closed, a nice touch which felt cosy. Had a goldfish named Brandi who we enjoyed. We didn't partake in the free wine or coffee/tea service in the lobby but thought it was a great feature. Great staff all around, very friendly. Free wireless internet throughout the hotel which worked in the suite on our 2 laptops. The decor was a lovely, eclectic mix of pattens in the same color palatte. Animal print bathrobes made us feel like rock stars. It was so nice to be somewhere that didn't look like a sterile chain hotel, this hotel had personality and we had an excellent stay.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SCG2
<Content>Pleasant stay at the Seattle Monaco Our 2 night weekend getaway at the Seattle Monaco went off without a hitch. From check-in to check-out, the hotel was a pleasurable jumping off point for our activities around town. Comfortable bed, spacious room, nice bathroom.The front desk staff was helpful with suggestions regarding unique places to dine at for both early morning and late night jaunts.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>soundbit
<Content>Good Hotel for Downtown stay I was here for 5 days/4 nights on a business trip and not having been to Seattle before, I didn't know quite what to expect. The hotel overall was a pleasant surprise. It is an older building that has obviously been substantially rennovated. I was in a room on 3rd floor facing the street but heard no traffic noise at all. The room was very well appointed and spacious. The service provided by staff was prompt and friendly, not intrusive or slow at any time. One minor exception was slow delivery of room service coffee one evening, the waiter said there would be no charge. Housekeeping was well done.I would definitely consider for another stay on a future visit.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>RelaxSC
<Content>Fan of the Hotel Monaco Seattle Just got back from our weekend at the Hotel Monaco Seattle. I did manage to read most of the recent reviews on Tripadvisor. Pros to this hotel: incredibly clean (and I'm a germaphobe so this means clean), hospitable staff, fun design, pet-friendly, and great products (L'Occitane) for guests to use. I truly enjoyed our stay, though I'm not sure the rate/night is enough bang for your buck, even in the Monte Carlo suite. We needed a weekend to relax and wanted a nice room with great room service. We accomplished both at the Hotel Monaco. The room service is impeccable and timely. My only issue besides the room rate is that the valet lost my friend's car and it took them 40 minutes to find it...and they only found it because she went looking for it herself. I read the reviews where some guests had issues with noise, but we did not. Very, very enjoyable and relaxing. Next time, we'll take advantage of some of the spa services.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ozzykat
<Content>Absolutely Gorgeous Hotel Everything about this hotel was perfect. Our room had 2 queen beds and still plenty of space to move. The staff were friendly and the location of the hotel was perfect to where we wanted to go. It is within walking distance to pike place, shopping, restaurants etc. I can't fault this hotel i only wish we had more time there.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kimo767
<Content>Great stay at the hip Hotel Monaco Seattle Spent the evening of April 22nd, Tuesday. Read all the Trip Advisor reviews before I visited the Hotel Monaco Seattle and was most worried about street noise. Stayed on the the 7th floor facing the busy city street, but heard very faint, almost no vehicle noise which I was relieved. The hotel is located in the center of a big busy vibrant city, and I expect to hear a little normal street life noise, but thankfully there was not a noise problem.Besides the very cool gym, I also enjoyed the complimentary yoga equipment in my room with the video fitness workouts on TV. Loved the fun animal print bathrobes and cool toiletries and the offer of their trademark pet goldfish during my stay.Hotel staff was always friendly, from the housekeepers to Art and Amanda at the concierge  front desks were always smiling and very helpful. The doormen/valets always with a warm welcome as they opened the doors as guests enter the lobby. Evening complimentary wine and beer hour from 5-6pm nightly, and morning coffee in the lobby was a treat. Complimentary Wi-FI in rooms and lobby was another added touch of value. As principle, I get tired of being nickled and dimed by the big hotel chains. I am glad I can honestly recommend the Hotel Monaco.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>knottriel
<Content>A Great Stay It was a great place to stay. The staff gave great suggestions of places to stop while I was in town and were very helpful. The location was very convenient, and I had a great view of the Seattle Library.I really have no complaints, it was a great stay and the price was excellent.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>christine080
<Content>hotel monaco April 10, 2008, this was the last stay of a college trip and wanted to splurge and relax. Booked because of the reviews read, disappointed because it was much less than i expected. the staff nice, but room small and overlooked the alley and a brick wall. Wish the clerk had told me the doubles overlooked the alley, $300. (includes tax and valet parking, one day) is too much, robes and a flat screen are not enough, nor the offers of a goldfish in a bowl. Will stay at another hotel next time.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IluvBandit
<Content>Good location, interesting amenities       View from sitting room into bedroom  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NicVancouver
<Content>Room not what we were expecting I stayed in a Queen/Queen room with 3 other people. We all agreed that our room looked much nicer, brighter, funkier, warmer online than it did in person. In reality it was dark, and not sure what was going on with the decor- it was very tacky, and not the type of room i felt like hanging out it all day. I felt the bed was comfortable, but my friends felt it was far too soft. The person at the front desk when we first arrived was not very helpful. She was rather snobby and we felt like we were an inconvenience every time we asked her a question.On the plus side, the lobby was very nice. The complimentary happy hour every night between 5-6 was also a great bonus. The bellboy and valet were very friendly and quite helpful when we asked for suggestions on where to eat. And overall the hotel was very clean, which is a must for me. It was an okay stay. But i probably wouldn't stay there again, mostly because the room is not what I expected and though it was decent and clean, I guess it's not what I was looking for.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Great Hotel Another pet friendly hotel. They even have a resident hotel dog. We had a corner room which was large and well appointed. I love the funky chic decor. Comfortable reading chaise and lamp. The windows in our bathroom were huge! The had sliding shutters to block out any viewing! It was Christmas time and they had a beautiful tree in the lobby and gingerbread house made by the staff. It lent itself to the holiday spirit while we enjoyed the complimentary wine and champagne tasting. (Try not to miss it...they even have beer and non-acoholic drinks) I would pick this hotel over Hotel Vintage Park because they do have a small workout room. Some of the equipment didn't work...my only complaint...and nothing to wipe the equipment with either.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seahawkan
<Content>Great Stay What a great stay. We went for a Seahawk game and it was awesome. The only downfall was the view at the building next to us, but we didn't complain. The room is was huge and the staff was helpful. We booked under the hotels website for the Seahawk package. No charge for parking and got a voucher for a taxi. Only problem was that the taxi driver didn't want to accept the voucher and barely spoke English. Funny thing was is that I speak Arabic and called him on it he started making comments about my girlfriend on his cell phone to his buddy. It took him a second to realize what I just said to him and the fact that I could speak his language, His face was priceless. He still was an ass and I told him off. That is to be said about anywhere in a large city. I told the head Doorman of the issue and he called the cab company promply for me to get an answer why they didn't take it. He apologized and offered to pay for the taxi. It was only a few bucks as you are 2 miles from the stadium. If you go for any game, plan on a taxi to get there...but the return you are going to be humpin it back. It was great walk though and we didn't mind. It was right before Christmas was wonderful to see all the lights. You will see the homeless stowed away in some of the building entrances, but they leave you alone for the most part. Police presence is not the greatest in that area as they are down at the stadium. Most activities was within 7 blocks (Pike Street, waterfront, etc) and great coffee shops along the way. The hotel is well mantained and the foyer is awesome. The wine tasting was available in the evening. I will be back and the best part is...you can take your dog. I will be taking my St. Bernard with me next time as he is part of the family. There are two safes in the hotel which one is located at the service desk and the either is in the room. Bathroom was huge and the jetted tub is huge. The funny part was when house keeping walked in on my girlfriend who was getting dressed. We didn't hear her knock and she was doing turn down service. She screamed, my girlfriend screams and I hit the floor laughing. They started talking Spanish at each other and it worked out. All in all....great place and I would recommend it to anyone for the price. Check online for their deals as they are just as good if not better. The besite contains deals and vouchers that other travel websites don't tell you about.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bbcake
<Content>Very happy and will stay again Came in with my husband, parents and little dog. Rooms were spotless, quiet and well furnished. Staff were fantastic and very helpful and catered even to my little shivering dog.Great location just a few blocks from the big shopping areas and Pike Place Market.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BritBorn
<Content>Elegant but friendly, not stuffy My husband and I stayed here one night with our son and daughter-in-law in the next room. Our room looked out onto Spring Street. The room was not particularly large, but it was fine for our needs. The bathroom was all inclusive. It was all very luxurious except that the bathroom sink was very slow-draining. You have turn-down service, fun colorful bathrobes and the NY Times in the morning. There is a coffee maker but the one in our room had a defect. It said pause  pour but when I lifted the coffee pot it leaked all over which means the filter basket was missing the mechanism. The service was excellent from the valet to the bellman to the front desk people. You do not park your car in their lot, the only choice you have is to use the valet. It is about $30/day charge for the parking lot which is added to your bill and of course you tip the people each time they get your car so we only took the car out once to go to the Space Needle Restaurant. We walked to Pike Place Market and other places in the area. Bring good walking shoes and be prepared for hills. There is an Hour of Indulgence in the lobby from 5 to 6 p.m. but I really feel the word indulgence should be removed and they should just call it Happy Hour. They had one red wine, one white wine, one type of soda and absolutely nothing to eat. No snack to go with the drinks. I asked a woman who was pouring drinks if there was anything like peanuts -- anything at all and she said no, but that sounds like a good idea. I'm sure they have people ask all the time even though she acted like I was the first person who ever inquired. For such a fancy hotel, I was really surprised and wondered why they used the word indulgence. I have stayed at Inn Suites hotels where they have a happy hour with drinks and popcorn so you would think a Kimpton hotel would have some kind of snack.This is a pet-friendly hotel which was so surprising to me. I guess it just seems too elegant for that but I will say it was very clean and I never got the slightest hint of pet odors.There is a restaurant in this hotel, but we did not eat there so I can't comment on that.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JLFERG
<Content>Love the Monaco and Its Staff My husband and I stayed in this hotel on a crazy weekend when we were attending a memorial service for my best friend's husband, and we were celebrating our 12th wedding anniversary. Talk about mixed emotions. We booked a suite and the hotel put us in the Monte Carlos one. We were loaned a beautiful fan-tanned goldfish named Joliet for the weekend, and we visited with the three dogs who worked the front desk, along with their human companions. The room was decorated nicely (though the couch could have used a few pillows). The L'Occitane bath amenities are always a welcome sight. The room was quiet and peaceful. The wireless Internet access was wonderful until the server went down the morning we were leaving so we had some problems printing our boarding passes. The afternoon reception serves oenophile-satisfying wine from Australia and scrumptious cookies. The restaurant was closed for renovation for a part of our stay but when we finally ate there, the food was good and the drinks were even better. One word of caution on the restaurant: if you are a larger person, do not sit at the booths because you won't fit. I'm 5'6 and 125 lbs; my husband is 5'9 and 175. The table was smack-against his stomach; and though I had a couple of inches space, it would be mighty uncomfortable if the patron is any larger or pregnant. Bad design, in my opinion, though the place is decorated in a funky and welcoming way with metal and wood, and handblown glass light fixtures that you'd expect in Seattle, the capital of the US glass art industry. We'd definitely stay here again for any reason.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pdxmum
<Content>Warm  We booked our room on Seattle SuperSaver's site, since our normal Seattle Hotel was booked solid. What a treat---and we may have a new favorite hotel in Seattle.Staff: Fabulous, friendly and Helpful! Room: Spacious, light, roomy, clean and very comfortable.Goldfish: The true delight of my daughter.The 5 pm reception in the Lobby: Warm, inviting--usually I hate those receptions where strangers all get together---but this was nice---light--not pretentious.Location: Perfect for exploring Seattle.We loved it and will definetly return!  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ume
<Content>Great Location, Customer Service 101 Needed! A great location to stay at. Hotel Monaco has a great reputation nationwide, but we found this hotel to have some issues. The room was very nice, Kathy the goldfish was a wonderful touch. However, the bathroom looked like an after thought. The shower was extremely small, like a phone booth, and not very clean. Also the front desk clerks provided minimum service. We wanted information on things to do, and since the concerige was unavailable we went to the front desk. We felt like we were intruding on their computer time and they provided minimum information, not even a smile from them. I would recommend management hold a customer service class.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>caesarsmum
<Content>Cozy stay in a rainy city! My husband and I spent 7 nights at the Monaco in early January, 2008. Business trip for him - my chance to come along for the ride.We booked a Monte Carlo Suite which proved more than comfortable for our longish stay. We were in room 905 which is located on the street side of the building. Street noise was not a problem and the view had to be more interesting than that of rooms on the back of the building which look out at a dank alley and the midsection of a large office building. The suite was very comfortable with plenty of room to spread out. The bathroom was attractive and squeaky clean, but rather small in comparison to the generous proportions of the sitting and sleeping areas. Lots of comfortable seating options, good lighting and plenty of storage for clothing and luggage. Hotel staff were very friendly and efficient. Housekeeping staff did a great job and were more than pleasant. All requests were responded to quickly.The location is quite good. An easy walk to Pike Street Market, Seattle Art Museum (which is top notch) and many shopping and dining options.A very positive experience.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>youbettago
<Content>Soft beds and stocked fridges I have stayed at about 3 of the Moncao branded hotels. The Seattle version is the least ornate out of all I have stayed at, but it still a beautiful hotel. We stayed 2 nights, and I had gotten a suite with a whirlpool tub to relax. Our A/C stopped working and we had to be moved to another room. Beware if you get a room with an alley view as the garbage trucks WILL wake you no matter what floor your are on. The glass was not soundproof as it was touted. Staff was friendly and helpful, the valets were quick to get our vehicle parked at their offsite garage.The beds are definatly made for sleeping. Very soft and plush, and theminifridges and snack cabinets have everything you could want. I have to say that the rooms do feel quite bland compared to their sister-hotels. I felt as if the room should have cost me about 50-60% of whatit did. Overall, I don't think I would stay at this particular hotel again, but I will continue to stay at Monacos. I sure love those goldfish. :)  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>crimson999
<Content>Pretty Good In Summary I quite like the Monaco. It has a good, but not completely central position in Seattle. It's a short walk (in a European way) to the centre. The common areas are smallish, but the staff are very friendly and helpful. The Bar is part of a popular restaurant so not intimate but does the job nonetheless. The room was good, the decor a little gaudy but if you like an individual style that will suit. The room was not huge but adequate and had most amenities. All in all a pretty good choice in Seattle  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>RockCreekResident
<Content>Excellent staff ! except housekeeping A quality hotel chocked full of staff that make you feel at home. We experienced exceptional service from the front desk staff, the concierge and the door men, however the maid service needs some work. We found that our maid failed to tuck in our sheets at the foot of the bed and on one instance soiled sheets were used. The staff quickley resolved the soiled sheets issue. My guess this relates to one employee and is not a reflection on the rest of the staff.We received excellent advice from the concierge regarding resturants in the area, the happy hour wine tasting was a nice touch and the staff went out of their way to make you feel at home.Great location if you like to be close to good food and shopping, we took in a play at the 5th street theather as well.Pikes Market, Pioneer Square and access to the mono rail is within short walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	-1	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>TravelingTaylor
<Content>Superb downtown hotel This is a lovely Kimpton property in downtown Seattle. The hotel is four blocks away from Pike Street Market, six blocks from the convention center, and four from most downtown shopping. We felt safe walking around both day and night. We opted for a suite and the extra room was well worth the extra dollars. We had both a living room and a bedroom separated by heavy drapes. This allowed one of us to work early in the morning without disturbing the other. The room was cleverly decorated, the bed was comfortable with high count cotton sheets. Overall, the hotel was quiet with no street noise and very minimal hallway noise.The hotel staff is friendly and helpful. The concierge assisted us with dinner reservations throughout our stay. We would definitely recommend this hotel to couples and business travelers (free high-speed wireless internet in all rooms).  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Indian_Baldie
<Content>Great Hotel! My fiancee and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco over the recent Thanksgiving holiday. The hotel is fantastic. The rooms are very comfortable and clean. A fun quirk - they will put a goldfish in your room if you like. The management is very responsive. During our second night, the people in the room next to us were extremely loud. When I told the manager this in the morning, I was immediately given 1/2 off the night's stay and moved to suite at no additional cost. The hotel location is ideal, within walking distance of the fishmarket, shops, bars and restaurants. I highly recommend staying here.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wilbret
<Content>Got a Goldfish for my Room! I have actually stayed at this hotel twice for a total of about two weeks.I enjoyed the downtown location and great room. However, if I had paid for a hotel myself, I wouldn't have splurged on it. I don't recall the exact rate, but it was around $300 per night. OUCH! The staff were friendly, but have their hand out for tips at every juncture.Valet parking is for the birds. Give me a parking lot and I'll get my own car, especially if I have to come and go more than once per day.Bottom line: If you have disposable income, this hotel is a place where you can feel pampered, but I'll stick to other options.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>chesterrant
<Content>Lovely staff, great for business I stayed at the Hotel Monaco Seattle during a conference for work. I otherwise probably would not have been able to stay there for four nights (it isn't cheap), but with work paying for it, I got to splurge a little.When I arrived the first night, it was just in time for their nightly wine happy hour. The woman at the desk let me know there were 10 minutes left and that I might want to swing through there before going to my room to get a couple glasses to take up with me. Yes indeed!The room was lovely; not as big or as posh as pictured, but I also hadn't reserved a suite. The bed was fantastic. Comfy, plush, great bedding. The room had its own temperature controls, so I was able to keep it a little on the cool side, which I prefer.The bathroom was clean and nice. They have L'Occitaine products, which I love, so that was a bonus. They have an ironing board, iron, and hairdryer in each room and many things you can request from the front.But the biggest bonus was the staff. Every single person was friendly, helpful, and genuine. I needed to receive and send a fax ... no problem (and no charge). I ordered room service one day ($28, ouch!), and the waiter was great. The doormen were consistently friendly. The desk staff was exceptional.Makes me wish I could afford to splurge on hotels like this on my own every once in a while!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nparmelee
<Content>Good service, nice room, noisy though. We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for one night on our way to Victoria. Front desk staff was very helpful, valets and bellman also helpful. Stayed in a Monaco Suite, nice size room but we did hear neighbors on one side of us, and we did hear everything!!!! We were there with our beagle and they treated all three of us well. Enjoyed the afternoon wine and meeting other guests. Easy walk to most Seattle sites for us. We knew about the valet only parking ahead of time so were not surprised by it, would be nice to have a good self park option. We would stay there again for the same price.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>michbren
<Content>Fairly Enjoyable Visit We spent three nights at the Hotel Monaco in Seattle and it was enjoyable but nothing out of the ordinary for a four star hotel. We enjoy staying at Kimptons if we are in a city that has them. They were able to check us in early which was nice. Never once, though, were we asked if we needed help with our bags. We booked the Queen-Queen room and it was a fairly good size. The hotel was very clean and housekeeping did a great job each day. It was inconvenient not having an ice machine on our floor. We had to request a gold fish three times before we got one on the second day. The Fitness Center was very small with limited equipment.Of all the Kimptons we stayed in this one had the nicest lobby. It was very inviting and a great place to relax and read the paper. The evening social hour with complementary wine and beer was very nice. Like in the other Kimptons we have stayed in we always meet interesting people staying at the hotel. Didn't care for the Sazerac restaurant. The food wasn't bad but the service both times we ate there was terrible. Ordered room service once but had to cancel since they were forty minutes late and couldn't give us a delivery time.Don't think we would stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	3	2	-1	

<Author>Rick926
<Content>A Little Disappointing After a wonderful Alaskan cruise, I stayed on in Seattle at the Hotel Monaco for 3 nights. The hotel is a lovely property and the location is ideally suited for those visitors who enjoy walking around a city to see more than just the tourist attractions. The decor is quite different and colorful as compared to most other chain hotels, but I liked that very much. One can only stand so much beige, blue and green. Some might consider the decor busy but I found it quite refreshing. The new Seattle Library, which is a spectacular ultra contemporary building, is directly across the street and one block down. The Seattle Art Museum and the Aquarium are within walking distance and are worth the time and effort. The things I found most disappointing about the property were the housekeeping services and the attached restaurant, Sazarec. Housekeeping service was polite but very slow. Also, the ice machines are located on every other floor starting on the fourth floor. I had a suite on the 3rd floor and although it wasn't a hardship, it wasn't convenient either. The food in the restaurant was excellent quality but overpriced and my waiter seemed tired and/or not interested in making my dining experience a memorable one. After all the really wonderful reviews I read about the Monaco, I found my stay there not as pleasant as I had expected. I do like Kimpton properties and I would stay in one again if I were to go back to Seattle, but I probably choose one of the other two properties there.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	2	-1	

<Author>penicilling
<Content>Awesome place I had stayed there as a part of the week-long conference program. I would say the location is not the best in terms of access limited by traffic during rush hours, but this is something beyond their control for now. The hotel provided an excellent example of what an ideal value for money was.The staff was excellent, they took care of everything before our arrival. The service was prompt and did everything to make us comfortable. Food was exceptional, too.Of course, the rates might be on a little higher side, and I might not have stayed at this place if I had to pay for myself. But for business travelers and for those who want access to everything within 10 minutes of walk, this is an ideal place to stay.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lirecal
<Content>Just okay Nice hotel, but nothing really special. The room decor is hideous. Room is very dark and not enough natural light comes through the window, and there are simply too many colors. It was very hard to get comfortable in a room that I felt like was screaming at me. Pink and white candy striped wallpaper should be outlawed. Too many wall hangings and too many disjointed colors. Purple vases didn't match anything in the room and made me feel like I was at Mardi Gras. The pink, yellow, grey and green floral-and-ivy animal scene patterned chair is ugly, ugly, ugly. A simple wood bed would have been a better choice instead of the sky-blue and gold painted headboard I was given.Room, hotel, and restaurant are very clean. Staff is super friendly and very attentive. Flat screen tv is quite nice. Bathroom has marble counters and fixtures and floor look very clean and fresh.Wine bar from 5-6 is nice, but I was in Seattle for work, so it was hard to get to the hotel during this super-short happy hour that literally lasted exactly one hour.Overall, an average experience, but the W and Fairmont hotels across the street will give a nicer room, in the same location, for comparable prices.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	1	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>gotech1
<Content>What a Treat! We were in Seattle September 5-9th and had a heck of time finding a hotel. Apparently UW, Boise State, WSU and San Diego Street were in town for football games and brought their entire schools with them! Rates were higher than we had hoped for that weekend (should have come over Labor Day, rates were much cheaper) but the Hotel Monaco was worth it. Be sure to check the event calendar of the city as rates fluctuate dramatically.We booked a Monte Carlo suite as that was the only room available and it was fantastic for a four night stay. The extra sitting area was more like a funky living room than hotel room. There were curtains that partitioned the bed from the living room but I think they were decoration only (would have been cool if they really closed). The room has bold striped wall paper and a very spacious bathroom.What really made the stay was the staff, they were amazing! I was worried at first because they seemed so young but they were most attentive. The property is small enough that they get to know you and are always trying to help you out.Location was good, all hotels that we considerd seemed to be in a 5 block radius so I can't say anyone really has an advantage. We walked everywhere. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ladyllewellyn
<Content>Very Impressed! My husband and I stayed in the Monaco for 3 nights and had a wonderful time.Seattle is an amazingly clean city and the Hotel Monaco was also spotless. Our room and bathroom were quite small and quite dark but, as we were really only sleeping there, this didnt bother us. The room however, is perfectly equiped and the bed was really comfortable.The lobby of the hotel is quite impressive and the staff were very friendly. We didnt eat at the hotel restaurant but it was very nice and always very busy.The hotel is ideally situated for seeing all of Seattle although, everyone should be aware that Seattle is a very hilly city in parts. The hotel is in a hilly part of the city!! We had a great stay at the Monaco and I would highly recommend it and indeed Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TripInsider
<Content>Well Situated in Seattle We booked a 2 night stay at the Monaco prior to our Alaska cruise on the Noordam. We thought we had stayed there a few years ago since the photos of the rooms looked right, but turned out we had been at a sister property, the Vintage Park. Not a problem--we have discovered another delightful property owned by Kimpton.The downtown location is convenient to Pike Place Market, the waterfront area, Pioneer Square, and Nordstrom's flagship store. Starbucks is adjacent. The front desk staff was welcoming; the concierge dropped everything to book us a tour; the bell staff was very friendly and most efficient. Rooms are compact, but very well appointed and decorated. Good bed, bedside tables, plenty of space for our cruising luggage, good lighting, flat screen TV, and a very nice clean bathroom with L'occitane toiletries and makeup mirror. We also found magazines, a nice big umbrella,( which we used only briefly-sunny weekend overall) and, my favorite perk, leopard print terry robes! We liked the newspapers--WSJ, NYT and local Seattle-- and the am coffee. If you are lonely, the hotel will provide a goldfish to keep you company. Don't miss the evening reception where complimentary Washington wines and local brews can be sampled while meeting other guests of the hotel (and possibly their pets!) The Hotel Monaco is a very nice downtown hotel with a laidback Seattle personality-we really enjoyed it!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mmdoherty
<Content>Wonderful Hotel This is the second time my husband and I have stayed at a Monaco hotel. The first was earlier in the same trip when in Portland, OR. The staff, from the front desk and concierge to the porters and valets, were friendly and helpful from the minute we stepped in the door and throughout our two-night stay. We happily got upgraded to a King room this time around, which gave us some extra space. The parking was a bit exorbitant (I think $29/night as in Portland), but the valet service was impeccable and friendly. It was slightly disappointing that breakfast wasn't included, but the food in the attached Sazerac was quite good. We had two wonderful but different meals while in Seattle. The first night was at the Purple Cafe and Wine Bar, which someone told us was fairly new. We ordered a great mix of tapas (ah, to have those goat cheese and pine nut-stuffed dates again) and desserts. The second night was at Lampreia. If you don't like nouvelle cuisine or lots of attention, you won't like it, but the food itself made up for small and unusual presentations and slightly smothering service.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Lraep
<Content>A pet-friendly hotel! Stayed at Hotel Monaco Seattle for 2 nts. during the past weekend. We travelled with our son  our 2 dogs (they're both small dogs, a Pom.  a Papillon). Chose this hotel mainly because it's a pet-friendly hotel which didn't charge extra for our dogs,  allowed the dogs to stay in the room unsupervised.We got into problem the first nt. We had dinner at Rover's, which was less than 10 mins.' drive from the Hotel. Dinner took much longer time than expected (fr. 6:15 p.m. to 9:15 p.m.). We rec'd 2 phone calls fr. the hotel complaining too much barking from our dogs. When we returned, we actually saw our neighbour moving out, but we did not hear any barking outside our room.We moved our dogs to the other side of the room farthest away from the door. When we left our room the following day, we left our TV on so that our dogs would not be able to hear noises outside our room so easily. We also delayed the cleaning of our room to mid-afternoon when we went sight-seeing with our dogs. Our plan worked, and we rec'd no more complaints.The hotel staff were friendly in general.The wine-reception was fr. 5 - 6 p.m. Only white  red wine, lemonade  water were served. It wasn't very busy when we went there at 5:15, although all tables were occupied. We didn't bother going again the following day.Amenities were L'Occitane as advertisied, which included shower cap, soap, shampoo, condition  lotion. We asked for toothbrushes (I expected L'Occitane's but they brought Colgate's)  slippers, but housekeeping did not bring toothpaste along. We didn't bother to ask again and decided to buy our own in the Pharmacy near the hotel.The animal-print bath-robe was fun for photo-taking purpose.We joined the hotel's In-Touch Loyalty Program. Housekeeping left voice-message saying the hotel has amenity kit for each of us  asked us to call back. When we called, they brought us one bottle of Evian  a small pack of chocolate, but NOT for each of us though.The hotel has price-matching policy. They will honour any lower rate available from other web-site.In general, an above-average pet-friendly hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>griffpat
<Content>A must see hotel We stayed at The Hotel Monaco after our cruise. The rooms were very generous and decorated uniquely. The hotel, a remodeled Pacific Bell building, had charm and a sturdiness about it. Everytime we walked by the bell men, we felt like we were coming home. Very secure. Great for single travelers! The location is fabulous. Walk to most things, Pike market, even the space needle.Little grocery/drug store a block away. Was on Today show about being Green! Bravo. We had 1 double bed room and one room with bed and couch separated by a curtain. My( snoring) mom slept there,behind the curtain. Great food there and nearby.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Pouilly
<Content>Excellent Stayed in Hotel Monaco this past w/e, found it a delight. The reception staff are friendly and professional, our room was smart with a very comfortable bed. We particularly liked the reception our small dog received, all the staff  guests spoke to him, he loved it. My only mild negative is the distance (uphill) from PPMarket and restaurants on 1st. Overall a great experience.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sightseer7000
<Content>Poor value Stayed at the Monaco in Seattle this July. A nice hotel, if it were priced at $100-$150 per night, but it's not. The hotel takes a beating on the 'value' quotient. The whole experience was simply average. Nothing exceptional, and if you're paying $300+, I don't see how you can't be terribly disappointed. My wife and I stayed in their nicest suites for less than $200/night, and felt like we were almost overpaying. The best advice I can give is to shop around. Quality-wise, it's in a league with your average Marriott or a nice Best Western.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	5	5	3	-1	

<Author>fbkryan
<Content>Very Nice Hotel and Staff The hotel is in a good location. My room was very comfortable and a nice size. The staff were extremely accommodating. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Leftfisted
<Content>Quirky The decor is like no other, (I wouldn't do my house this way, but that's what made it fun). The goldfish with came with a card that had a story to it and was a nice extra.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	3	3	

<Author>JuneSpring
<Content>Wanted to stay forever! We arrived just before the cruise season began, so the whole city was less crowded than usual, and so was the hotel. We arrived very late from the airport to the hotel, and they gave us an upgraded room just because it was available....We were travelling with our son and were exhausted, so we really appreciated it. The hotel is very pet friendly, but so clean that you wouldn't know it. They apparently cater to any size pet, which is unusual for such a nice hotel, and if you don't have your own, they offer you your own pet fish! Nice touch, especially for our 8 year old son.The upgraded room has a dividing curtain and it's beautiful. Two flat screen televisions, not that you need them, but they're there.Fun tiger print robes and beds that are ohhh so comfortable.The food is delicious, and the chef gives demonstrations too.I can't remember ever enjoying being in a hotel so much that I didn't want to step outside, but that's exactly how I felt at Hotel Monaco. If you prefer something extraordinary, then try Hotel Monaco....It is NOT your typical luxury hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roddy_Rod
<Content>Cute Boutique Hotel with Large Rooms I loved this hotel from the second I walked in. The staff was very pleasant and always greeted you with a smile when youwalked in anad out of the hotel. This is a Kimpton Hotel, and stands up to the name which are boutique hotels with personal charm. There is a manager's reception in the eve with wine pouring for everyone in a a nice setting. This one also had someone doing chair massages - what more can you ask! I was in RM 1107 (king) and the images online matched the room and I was pleased to finally find a website that has accurtae pictures of the propert. The room was huge for a boutique hotel and any other for that matter. The mini-bar wasn't outrageously priced and I feel I got a better deal for my money than other places I have stayed in Seattle (see my other Seattle reviews). Next time I am in Seattle - I will stay at this hotel. Perfect  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>paperbag41
<Content>Nice Value in Seattle Stayed here 4 nights in late May 2007. Looked for a comparable Hilton, Marriott, Westin in the area for the points/miles, but I couldn't find anything so I gave the Monaco a shot. Was pleasantly surprised -- everything was very nice -- room service was quick and tasty, bed was especially comfortable, and unlike some people here I have nothing but positive things to say about the service. Only downside would be the relatively small exercise room (only one treadmill), but heck I was still on east coast time and ran into only one person down there at 5 AM during the four days. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>TravelDrone
<Content>Nice hotel in a good location This hotel is a Kimpton, so the design is whimsical and the vibe is fun. The staff is young and casual, and I can see how this can be a problem when the hotel is busy, but during my stay they were friendly and helpful. My group reserved two rooms, and they gave us connecting rooms without a fuss. It was not a busy week.The rooms are a decent size, not huge but pretty average for a city hotel. The beds are nice and the bathrooms are clean and bright, though the pocket doors are less than ideal for a busy bathroom. The room design is bright and cheery, and there's a flat panel TV. The location can get a little noisy, but I was fine on the 5th floor. The location is convenient and walkable to attractions such as the new central library, SAM (the art museum), Benaroya Concert Hall, and Pike Place Market. Parking is steep at $29/night. The evening wine receptions were very popular.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelingdoggy
<Content>Even the dog loved it! My husband and I traveled with our dog to Seattle for a wedding over the Memorial Day weekend. We wanted a better than average hotel with a central location to fit in a little sightseeing and it needed to be dog-friendly. The Hotel Monaco on 4th Avenue met all our needs perfectly. From the time we checked in to the time of our departure, the hotel staff answered all our questions, spoiled our dog, and took the time to get to know us. We loved the complimentary wine and beer in the lobby lounge every afternoon (5 - 6 pm) as it gave us a chance to relax, chat with the staff serving, and mingle with some of the other hotel guests. The rooms were decorated with a whimsical feel and the typical white terrycloth robes were anything but, each one a different animal print! The bathroom was a generous size, clean, modern, and the complimentary toiletries were by L'Occitane. The bed was comfy and covered with a duvet. The room was spacious with a chair and light for reading, in addition to a desk for catching up on some writing or for some work on the computer. We would highly recommend the hotel to anyone traveling to Seattle for business or pleasure. Hotel Monaco is part of the Kimpton Hotel group and their website is ---  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travelin75
<Content>A good stay... We checked into Hotel Monaco on Thursday, May 24th. Drove up to valet and was immediately attended to. Check in was fast and easy. The front desk staff was nice and friendly. We were given a room on the 9th floor, I requested a higher room and not to be on the pet floor, days prior.Our room was nice, clean and HOT. The thermostat was at 78 degrees. We adjusted the setting and nothing worked. We called the front desk and they had some one up in 10 minutes to check. He said he fixed it and my party went downstairs to take in the free wine/beer tasting. (very good and they give you a nice size pour on the wine) I went back to the room to see if it was it had cooled down, it had not. I went to the front desk to see what else they can do. They gave me two options, they can send someone else to fix it again or give me a new room. I decided to not take my chances and get a new room. I asked the front desk manager, since it's an inconvenience pack up and move to a different room if there was any form of compensation they could give us. The hotel comp'd our parking ($31.00) I was satisfied with that. Our new room was COOL and had a working fan. This was my first visit to a Kimpton Hotel and overall I was pleased. What I liked:The bedsThe cool bath robesThe TVThe in room shampoo/conditioner/lotionThe Goldfish sent to your roomThe location - smack dab in the middle of downtown shopping/restaurants/pike st. market and pioneer square/stadiums. All within walking distance. What I didn't like:The iron - it kept leaking water and didn't work. The bathroom - no fan  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>travelor50
<Content>Just okay Just okay. We stayed here a couple of years ago and had a great experience. This time our room was smaller and right next to the ice machine which was very noisy. Wish there was a coffee pot in the room. Also there were dishes on the hallway floor (not by a room) when we checked in and they were still there when we checked out. Had problems with Valet service, they forgot about us and had to wait 45 min. to get our car! On the plus side, comfortable beds with soft sheets  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>ilovecalifornia
<Content>Rude front desk staff but decor is nice and good location I have to echo what others said about the hotel. The staff at the front desk is very rude and very snotty - very brusque in dealing with their guests. It also takes a while for your car to get picked up by the valets so if in a rush, allow for some time.In terms of security thought, only floors 10 and 11 require key access. So request a room on that floor. On the plus side, the hotel has a great location in the heart of downtown. I also like the fact that they have a comfortable bed (down comforters) and instead of curtains, they have shutters in the room.Another hint is to request a non-pet room unless you want to stay in a room where other animals have stayed in before.Overall, I would not recommend the hotel unless you get a good rate.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gretchenenders
<Content>Wonderful relaxing stay I am trying to go through all the Kimpton Group hotels and this was my first stay at the Monaco in Seattle. Everything was a breeze, from check-in to check-out. The beds were incredibly comfortable and the room (a double queen room) was spacious. I especially liked the l'occitane shampoo and conditioner, it's a nice treat when the toilettries are nicer than what I use on a normal day. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants an upgrade to the other nearby downtown hotels.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	2	-1	

<Author>NomadDC
<Content>Some corrections/updates to other reviews -Big plus - Internet access with cable, not just wifi, is free in the room. If you have problems connecting (e.g., work VPN), you can press a button on your phone and immediately be connected with an internet specialist that will assist you.-I found a better rate with the hotel after booking with Quikbook, and the hotel updated the rate without me having to go back to Quikbook to cancel.-Goldfish is only available upon request, not automatically waiting for you in your room. So don't forget to ask if you want one.-Concierge and front desk were especially friendly and pleasant, I thought, and not the typical attitude you find with a concierge of a comparable or even fancier hotel, say across the street.-Only downside is the sound-proofing, the hotel was quiet for the most part, but I could hear my neighbor through the wall occasionally.-Another downside is there is no bellhop waiting for you when you arrive. This is the type of hotel where you will drag your own bags into the lobby. I was annoyed that after I had retrieved my bags from storage and dragged them most of the way out to the taxi, then the bellhop offered to help, as if I was going to tip for that last-second, too-late help.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>halgrover
<Content>nice hotel...not so nice staff The hotel is very lovely but the staff is quite rude. Everyone from the bellhop to the desk clerk seemed as if they were going out of their way to make things difficult for me. I waited forever at check in with heavy bags and no help getting throught the double doors or up to my room. The worst part was the desk clerk checking out.... tap tap tap on the computer as my car waited out side to pick me up for almost 20 minutes. When I got home I also noticed the 1,000 dollar hold they put on my credit card that took 5 phonecalls, 2 faxes and 1 week to get resolved. I now stay at The Warwck on 4th and Lenora where the rooms are OK..but al least I have some friendly faces after a tiring day at the airport.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	1	1	3	

<Author>dephal
<Content>Enjoyed my stay A friend and I stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 2 nights while we attended a conference nearby. We booked one of the suites, which turned out to be a very spacious room with a king bed and a couch with a pull-out queen size bed. Both were very comfortable. There was a curtain you could close to separate the 2 areas, if you wished, and the room had a total of 2 tvs and 3 phones. The decor is very nice, and a big improvement over the bland decor you find at most chain hotels. The staff were very pleasant. When we asked housekeeping for more shampoo, they gave us handfuls of the bottles. The front desk also was able to give us a late checkout of 2 pm.The restuarant was excellent, and the service there was very good as well.This hotel is in a convenient location for downtown attractions. The view is so-so--just the buildings across the street--but the room did have a nice large window. The room was also extremely quiet, and the turndown service was nice as well.Finally, the hotel was a good value. We paid about $200/night for our suite, which was less than a standard room at the conference hotel.I'd definitely stay at the Monaco again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>shetravels99
<Content>Great Hotel Was there for one night for a quick business trip. Loved the little touches like the goldfish and the leopard print robe. My only complaint was that the Wifi was complimentary, but not the Internet access in the business center. Other than that, it's in a great location across from the library and the service was fabulous.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>kittiestone
<Content>Overall nice       Our pet goldfish who probably expired right after we left  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>innas
<Content>Horrible Customer Service  Hotel Stay: February 3rd - 4th, 2007My friend and I picked the Hotel Monaco because of its appealing website and online package which included champagne, late checkout at 3, free valet and a gift from the spa for the weekend. My friend checked into the room a few hours earlier and I came in later. When I pulled up to the valet, the young man just stood there. I asked him if the valet was open and he said it was. I had to pull my bags out, he didn even offer to help. After I got my garment bag and suitcase, I came up to him to give the car key and room number; he says I am not the valet. I had to put everything back into the car, park the car on the side of the street and pull everything out again. I left the key with who ever he was working there and asked him to have the valet park the car when he gets back. I went up to the room, everything seemed fine, the bottle of champagne was there, the oil and lotion gift from the spa. We dressed and went out, when we came back and got into bed, we noticed blood drops on both the pillows and on the sheets where the pillows were. I was so disgusted, this was just unbelievable. We called the desk and they sent somebody up almost 20 minutes later! He swapped our sheets out and left with out even apologizing. Sunday morning we called the front desk to speak to management about the sheets and they became very aggravated and rude with us. Apparently there was no manager or any kind of supervisor over the weekend and we had to wait until Monday morning. The young man we spoke to said that they would cover the food, adding that the person that changed the sheets said that it was fresh blood, in a very rude tone. Our checkout was at 3pm because of the package that we booked. From 12 to 1:30, three staff (maids) tried to walk into the room, and after opening the door apologizing and closing it. Two people called up saying that check out was at 12 and I had to remind them of the package. I finally packed all my things up and went downstairs to check out. Quickly signed the paper and took off. When on the way, I took a closer look at the room bill. Unfortunately they never covered the food, which they had offered and we were charged for the valet. I called the front desk to ask about the charges, the lady that answered snapped back saying that they were aware of the problem we experienced and I should call back on Monday like they told us earlier. I have never in my life been treated like this at any hotel anywhere. I am not sure if this hotel constantly has problems or if we were the lucky ones, but I would never stay there again and never recommend it to anybody I know.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BKNY1
<Content>Kimpton is my new favorite! What a fun hotel! The room was small but funky and very cozy. I requested and had delivered a pet fish, named Pooler. It was a beautiful bowl and fun to have. The daily paper delivered to my door was the NYTimes, a plus being a New Yorker. The honor bar was well stocked and the room service was a little pricey but prompt. On the last night I finally got a chance to partake in the complimentary wine hour which included a fortune telling. Overall this is the most fun I've had in a hotel in a while. I will definitely try to book Kimpton hotels in the future.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>egoldsby
<Content>Disappointed I have to say I was anticipating my stay at Hotel Monaco based on the reviews I had seen on TripAdvisor. However, it was definitely a disppointment. The decor of the room and the hotel was as I had envisioned...very nice indeed! The housekeeping staff was very impressive, all were extremely polite, cheery and helpful. However, the front desk  bellmen were below standard in customer service. There were lots of little things that on their own could easily be overlooked, such as the broken make up mirror sagging from it's post in the bathroom, or the jiggly entrance handle to the room (didn't feel too secure when the handle is nearly falling off the door!). My husband had an early morning flight mid-week and we asked for a cab to be called. It was suggested to us that the cab ride would cost double what a private car flat-rate would be, but that wasn't the case at all. I knew the cost of the cab (about $30), and the car would have been $38, but the bell staff insisted that it would be more like $65 for the taxi ride. The cab driver later explained that the bell staff get a kick back for their referrals. I would have preferred as guests in a city and/or hotel, that the hotel staff be looking out for our best interests rather than their own. We were there for New Years, and had planned on dining at the restaurant in the hotel on New Year's Day. We came down dressed for dinner only to be told by the front desk that it was closed due to the holiday. We asked where else we could go nearby, and the response was good luck finding anywhere today. Good luck? Thanks for the help! Another feature I needed for the hotel was to have a business centre that I could work from. They do have one downstairs, but one computer was out of service completely, and the other one was only semi-funcitional. As their internet service is out-sourced, I ended up spending almost $50 of my own money on a system that wouldn't work (no refund), and 2.5 hours of my vacation time trouble-shooting their computer with the internet company's toll free service line! I had asked the front desk several times for assistance but they told me to do it myself! The worst part of the whole experience was that every time I asked the front desk for any assistance, I got a response that included a shrug, as if to say oh well, too bad for you. I found the majority of the staff had an attitude that they just simply did not care if you needed help, and if you dared to intrude on their time, then I got a snotty response. On two occasions, I even caught the front desk girls smirking at each other when they thought I had my back turned and couldn't see them. Talk about frustrating! In all honesty, I couldn't wait to check out. Nice decor, liked my goldfish, the housekeeping staff were great, but the front end of the hotel made me want to dash in and out of the door so I wouldn't have to get in their way, not that I had to be too concerned about anyone taking it upon themselves to greet me anyway, I was pretty much ignored by anyone in the front desk area unless I approached them. Next time, I'll go across the street to the Westin. I saw nothing but smiling faces coming and going from that hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	3	3	1	1	

<Author>kjw54
<Content>This is a great place to stay! We thoroughly enjoyed our recent stay at Hotel Monaco. We were attending a concert at nearby Benoroya Hall and found this hotel to be an excellent place to spend the night. Check in was smooth and we loved our room with the striped wall paper and Sunshine, our pet fish. We made reservations at the hotel restuarant and had a delightful meal with an attentive waiter. (Try the catfish, it's delicious!) We'll choose this hotel next time we stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MisstheDogs
<Content>You'll enjoy it Have now stayed at the Hotel Monaco twice for a total of 5 nights. Overally, I've been very pleased.Checkin and checkout are easy and I've never had to wait in line. I've stayed in both a suite and the basic king room. The suite is essentially a very large room separated by a curtain. The sitting room has a couch and additional flat screen TV. Unless you're traveling with more than 2 people or want to spend a lot of time in your room, the standard room is more than adequate. Suite bath is pretty much the same as a regular room (they do have suites with jacuzzis that might be more elaborate). Hotel is only 11 floors so don't expect panoramic views.Furnishings are funky but tasteful. Rooms appear to be in good repair. Robes (with animal print) are standard. Large flat screen TVs with many, many channels are standard. Bathroom amenities (Aveda) are replenished daily. Bathrooms are modern with tile floors and granite counters.I've had mixed room service experiences. Twice, it was fast and food (pizza) was excellent. One morning breakfast was late and cold. The soft-boiled eggs were hard, which is good because they didn't provide a spoon. The attached restaurant is okay, but the one time we tried it service was very slow. Have heard that it's good for lunch/dinner but the menu wasn't that appealing to me so didn't try it.The concierge was helpful but was rarely seen before 9 or after 5. However, the front desk personnel were great. Wake up calls came promptly. There is free wireless and wired interet access as well as a computer in the lobby for those who didn't bring their own.There are some additional nice touches. First, they host a wine hour from 5-6 each evening. Wine is decent (and free) and they do refill your glass. It's a nice way to unwind and mingle with colleagues or even strangers. They are also very pet friendly -- actually seem to enjoy pets rather than merely accepting them. For example, this huge dog joined the wine hour and started to wander off into the restaurant. The staff didn't panic -- merely quietly alerted the owner who rectified the situation. The location is good -- walking distance to a lot of things. However, the hotel is on a San-Francisco type hill, so if you walk down to Pike Market, it's a VERY steep walk back up.The one nice thing about this hotel is that it caters to a variety of traveler types. We saw Packers' fans (in town for the NFL game), business people, tourists, etc. A nice mix with nice staff. It is a pleasant change from the traditional loud, impersonal hotels you find in so many large cities. Would definitely recommend it and stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DavidBradley
<Content>Fantastic stay at the Monaco The Seattle Hotel Monaco holds up the high standards of the Kimpton hotel line. Having stayed at Kimpton hotels in several other cities, I can easily say that the Seattle Hotel Monaco is one of the best I have seen. The service is attentive and very prompt. Based on being a member of the Kimpton loyalty program, I was upgraded to a 10th floor room with a great view of 4th street and the excellent public library kitty-corner across from the hotel. I highly recommend a tour of the public library; you will be blown away. My room is quite spacious, with a beautiful flat-screen television, with DVD/CD player. The exercise room is pretty standard Kimpton size, which means adequate but not outstanding: four eliptical cardio machines and two stationary bikes, each with personal viewing screens. The cardio machine screens accept DVD's, which I have not seen elsewhere. As with all Kimpton hotels, and the Hotel Monaco line in particular, the hotel's lobby is stylish, quirky, and inviting. It's easy to imagine spending time relaxing in the comfortable, over-stuffed chairs. The restaurant attached to the hotel, Sazerac, is very good. So far, I have eaten lunch there and look forward to breakfast tomorrow. As always with Kimpton properties, I am able to connect to the free highspeed internet by ethernet in seconds, and am cruising the web and checking email back at the office with no problems. In my opinion, you can't go wrong with any Kimpton hotel, and the Seattle Hotel Monaco is certainly an excellent choice.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SAJJ
<Content>Hotel Manaco is Fabulous We had to make some last minute travel arrangements in Seattle. Since we were travelling with a dog , a Google search of dog friendly hotels in Seattle popped up numerous choices, including this one. Since the location, the room sizes available (2 adults, 2 small kids and a large dog) and their pet friendly policies suited us (and the positive reviews on Tripadvisor), we booked.On arrival, we were greeted by friendly staff all of whom took great interest in making our stay comfortable. The hotel is nicely decorated and the king suite room very comfortable for all of us, especially with the drapery partition between the two rooms. Most notable was the attentiveness to our dog. While many places bill themselves as pet friendly, most are no more than pet tolerant. Not here. Our dog was welcomed by every staff member she came across. Even better was their offer to keep her at the front desk while we went for breakfast. They actually kept right at the desk like a junior front desk clerk rather than sequestering her away in a kennel. An extra service we were not exepecting. Of course, it we not just their treatment of our dog that meant our stay pleasant. It was a nicely personal hotel without its own style and very distinct from the chains. I am now a committed Kimpton hotel user and will stay whenever I can (with dog or without). We didn make it to the wine hour this time, but will be sure to do so on our next visit.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Kenshiroking
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Hotel Monaco Seattle is part of the Kimpton Hotels group. This family of hotels has an upscale, if somewhat pricey reputation, and Hotel Monaco fits right in with this rep. While the rooms can be a bit expensive, it's worth it in amenities and quality of service. The hotel itself is also pet-friendly, although people who do not enjoy pets shouldn't have a problem as I have only encountered one or two animals in my stays at this hotel. They have a wine get together in the early part of the evenings, which presents a perfect opportunity for kicking the evening off right. My favorite room is the Meditteranian Suite with a two person Jacuzzi, perfect for an intimate night in. Don't forget the champagne and strawberries.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bea_001
<Content>Awful Being a Kimpton customer expected to find a better place. We had reserved a suite which turned out to be a large room separated with a tacky curtain as a division. The TV control remote didn't work. Wireless internet connection didnt work either.We paid $46 for two coffees and bagel room service breakfast, which arrived 30 minutes late.On our departure date, having to catch an early flight, we had requested room service at 6,00am and after several calls it finally arrived at 6,45am.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	2	1	1	

<Author>rgl314
<Content>good choice this hotel was recommended by my sister. it is in a great location and the room is nice. comfortable bed- quiet- staff very helpful with recommendations as to restaurants. pike's market a 4 block walk. would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>M2inApril
<Content>Great location and experience       My pet fish "Rosa"  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>stoulson
<Content>Very nice stay..... Just stayed at the Hotel Monaco in Seattle on 9/12. Very nice quiet corner room (I'm part of Kimpton's Loyalty program, and that is my preferred room type).No view to speak of (looked into an office building), but a very comfy bed, good desk space, window seats, and a huge bathroom. Great perk was the 3 bathrobes hanging in the closet (a long robe made for a LARGE man, and 2 shorter robes more suited for women). Had a great room service experience....food arrived in 20 minutes, and was one of the best chicken sandwiches ever (soaked in lemon juice, and served on a great Ciabatta roll with pesto aioli). Check out was super efficient, and they asked straight away if I needed transportation. When I said I needed a cab to another hotel, they immediately called out to the bellman to have a cab waiting for me, while they completed my check out. A very nice touch.The price of the hotel was my only issue.....everything in Seattle was very expensive for this time period due to a big Microsoft convention and Cruise travelers.All in all, very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelerMaui
<Content>Good Time in General We stayed at the Hotel Monaco for 2 nights in September and had a good time in general. The room was fun and (very) colorful, the check in was fast and efficient (although we arrived late and the room service was on overnight mode, the desk clerk offered a menu from a nearby restaurant making deliveries if needed - very good idea); we chose to go with the room service menu, and it service was quick and efficient. Cezerac restaurant was great for breakfast and dinner (too bad the look will change in a couple of month). The restaurant staff was absolutely great and very fun. Food quality was impeccable.Flat screen TV was great, Bed was very comfortable. The location was ideal for our tripCons: -Some mold on top of the shower (oh well)-Some scratches and a couple of small holes on the wall-Bell desk agent not as friendly as the Andra Hotel (where we stayed several days prior)-Front desk agent tried very hard to have us use the town car instead of a cab, in the morning of departure...ts' $8.00 more because for security reason the cab won't be able to stop at the right place and youl have to walk...blah blah blah...don't fall for it, take a cab and $29 later, you'll be at the airport...in the front of your airline... Hope this help  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>norcalmama
<Content>Pleasant and friendly place       our room fish Buster at the Monaco  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	3	5	4	

<Author>GypsyPol
<Content>Less than you might expect Needed a quick, relaxing get-away. I booked a suite here because I really like the Kimpton hotels and knew I could bring my dog and also get in-room spa treatments. I chose the Mediterranean Suite w/ jacuzzi tub (@ $329 a night).I had high expectations and they were dashed pretty quickly. At check-in, no one offered to help with luggage. I struggled up to my third floor suite, which was pretty dark (only one window in the room and that faces a building) and had stained carpet (large reddish stains... possible crime scene?). There was no room service menu and the ethernet cable in the room was broken and didn't work (there is wireless).The fitness center is not acceptable for a hotel in this price range and reputation. It's difficult to get there (only one elevator goes to the lower level and that isn't noted so I had to call for instructions as to how to get to the lower level). Once you find the fitness center, its odd arrangement has to be noted. Cardio equipment faces a mirror wall while the communal television is behind you. If you want to use the small televisions attached to the cardio equipment, you'll have to go back upstairs to the front desk to get headphones. The equipment isn't very impressive and the lone treadmill is out of order. You can find better facilities at a Holiday Inn Express.The in-room spa treatments presented a lot of confusion. Several phone calls were required to confirm treatments and even then, one treatment was cancelled just minutes before its scheduled time. This is a nice service and one of the big benefits Kimpton offers, but the Monaco Seattle isn't handling this service well.Room service staff was great, but food was only so-so. Doesn't compare to other great Kimpton restaurants (the Cypress in Cupertino and the Palomar in San Francisco have excellent restaurants).In-room jacuzzi would have been great, but a ring of grime circled the tub. And once filled with water, a multitude of dirty floaters were in evidence. This was an OK stay. But several new boutique hotels have recently opened in Seattle that offer more in terms of service and attention to detail. The Monaco is going to have to improve if they hope to compete.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	3	2	

<Author>TisaLisa
<Content>Travel  This is a very nice hotel. However, when I am paying top dollar, I expect top service. Nothing happened that wasn't just life, but I expected a little more supervision....like...my alarm clock went off twice in the middle of the night...I had not set it...the 2nd time I couldn't get it to quiet, so I unplugged it, but then lost my middle of the night timepiece...I would have expected that the cleaning staff might check the alarm clock to make sure it wasn't set to go off from a previous guest's setting. This isn't a horrible thing, but I was paying a lot of money, and expecting a lot of service. Also, my bathtub's stopper was stuck, and I couldn't get it lifted so shower water would drain...Maintenance was relatively prompt, but why put a guest in a less-than-perfect room? Again, paying top dollar demands over-the-top service. There was no tea in the room with the complimentary coffee, and I was directed to order it from room service if I wanted it. $350/night, and no tea? Heavens! Again, just a small breach of service I would tolerate from a lesser hotel. I requested another toothbrush, and was told it was available in my minibar; in lesser hotels, toothbrush provision is complimentary. This was aggravating. The room was large, clean, quiet, safe...and expensive. I was expecting a higher level of service, so I was disappointed. The front desk supervisor did credit my bill $50 for my inconveniences, and I am very appreciative. However, I will likely try another upscale hotel on my next visit.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>My_AZ
<Content>Romantic Getaway We celebrated our sixth wedding anniversary with a romantic weekend in Seattle, based at the Hotel Monaco.We had a King Room. The bed was sooooooo comfortable both the perfect firmness mattress and the supersoft bedding. The room was sunny by day (well, the weather helped) and the window treatments kept unwanted light out at night. The flat screen TV was a nice treat, as were pay-per-view movies and a well stocked honor bar.The concierge was able to direct us to an excellent boat tour of the harbor and locks as well as to make dinner reservations. We ate the first night in the hotel restaurant which had excellent food and excellent service up until the last moment when the server lost his cool over a small error in calculating the check. I highly recommend the crab cakes appetizer, which together with an appetizer and Washington State wine made a wonderful meal. Another local restaurant, The Brooklyn, recommended by the concierge also had excellent seafood.The Monaco is an excellent hotel for a romantic or sightseeing trip to Seattle.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LCXY
<Content>Great hotel Enjoyed our 3 night stay at the Hotel Monaco. The room was very nicely decorated. Even though we had a single queen bed the room size was more than adequate for two people. We were able to sit at the table and chairs overlooking the city. The room was very clean and serviced twice a day. Chocolates on the pillows with the turn down service was nice. The location gave you easy acess to many areas. We walked each day. Pike's Market was a great place to buy bouquets of flowers to have in the room. (We bought 2 because we couldn't decide the choices were so plentiful.) We went to the Bank of America just around the corner to its observation level. Cheaper than the Space Needle and a much higher view.We had dinner in the hotel one night. Pricey but good service and food. The complimentary coffee/tea and wine/beer in the lobby were appreciated. Soda would have been nice for the non-drinkers. Many other restaurants within walking distance. We had a car but didn't use it in the city. Thought the $27/day for parking was high. But I guess for a city that's usual. Definitely would recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mahicks81
<Content>Disappointing Hotel Monoco has very little going for it except location. Reviews in here that mention that hotel staff is lacking in service are right on the mark. In fact, I would hazard to say they go out of their way to stay away from guest. We had 4 in the room including our children and staff kept leaving only 3 sets of towels. Not a big deal but for $320/night I expect better. This hotel has some mangement problems that need to be addressed. Employees are not as friendly as you find at other Kimpton hotels (Argonaught in San Fran was first class and worth the additional dollars). Not once was I addressed by my name or even acknowledged by employees. The restaurant was nothing but ordinary and way overpriced. I don't mind the overpriced part of it if I get special attention and service. You don't at this hotel. The rooms are dull but spacious. The evening wine reception is a nice touch but the way the lobby is arranged makes for a poor place to try and meet other guest. Really not worth the time. At the end of the day I was sorely disappointed and would not go back.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	2	2	

<Author>cecomp76
<Content>Another Enjoyable Monaco Experience       Windows in the Bathroom! Yea!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pdx2006
<Content>It's gone downhill The Hotel Monaco Seattle has drastically gone downhill over the course of the past 3 years. I regularly stay there each summer and this last visit left me looking for new lodging options in the Emerald City.I have stayed in both the Monte Carlo Suite and a King Deluxe.PROS:- Rooms are a decent size for a city- The beds are extremely comfortable- The room has functional furniture - including a desk with 2 chairs and a comfy chair to relax in (in standard rooms) and a nice sofa an coffee table (in the Monte Carlo Suites)- Room service is very good - the Continental breakfast is fantastic and service is prompt.- The hotel has added large flat-screen televisions and DVD players in every room.CONS:- Service, service, service. I waited 15+ minutes just to check-in and was not welcomed back as a Kimpton In Touch member.- The front desk reception never greeted me as I came and went (something they always used to do).- They mishandled packages and phone calls routinely (not so great for a business traveler).- My Kimpton In Touch preferences were ignored altogether (room type, pillow type, etc)The personal touches are what make Kimpton hotels special. WIth the lack of service I received at this hotel, I would have much preferred the W across the street.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	1	2	4	

<Author>SM
<Content>Our room looked nothing like the elegant ones advertised for this hotel After staying at the wonderful San Francisco Monaco, our expectations were high when we booked this hotel. Especially since the Monaco Seattle was 100 dollars more than the SF Monaco. We were traveling home to Copenhagen so I considered using Priceline to bid low for a four star hotel. But I was so impressed with the SF Monaco that I wanted specifically to try their Seattle hotel. On the plus side, the staff was lovely and service was always prompt. The lobby was beautiful and the staff allowed us a generous 3pm checkout so we could relax before our overseas flight. The room was quiet and clean and everything worked.But we were surprised to see that the room was decorated hideously. The room we got did not, in any way shape or form resemble the beautifully designed rooms advertised on the hotels Web site. The pillows for the beds were left in the chairs and there was no bedspread. The wall paper was grey and white and very depressing. In SF, I loved the Monaco's whimsical colorful style but there was no color or design in this room. Here, I felt they had really misrepresented their rooms which were dull and boring. For me a nice decor helps make me feel at home and cheers me up and this room didnt do the trick. I actually factor in decor when I book a room and sure, the photos they advertised are usually a bit more polished than the reality but at the Monaco Seattle, it was a pure misreprentation of the decor advertised.At the San Francisco Monaco, there was a lovely spa with a sauna and big hot tub. Here in Seattle, we paid 100 dollars more than SF and there was no spa at all. Why was it so much more?Finally, the room service menu did not include any vegetarian dishes except pizza. It seems like a no brainer to consider vegetarians when you make a room service menu. If you can include dogs, why not cover about the 10 percent of the population that doesnt eat meat. We were very disappointed with the Monaco Seattle. But if you are a carnivore who doesn't care for spas or decor, you might just love the place. The service can't be faulted.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>LPF
<Content>Less Than Gracious Service We stayed at Hotel Monaco at the suggestion of a friend who usually stays at their sister hotel, Hotel Vintage Park, just around the corner. We were sorry we didn't follow her advice. Although the hotel is nicely appointed the service is less than gracious. As one member of our party said, They don't go out of their way to do anything for you. If the hotel management would work on developing more of a customer service mentality in its staff this could be an above average hotel. As it is now, you're better off going across the street to W, The Fairmont, or Hotel Vintage Park.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RCBPortland
<Content>Lovely Hotel The Hotel Monaco is a quant, charming place to stay in Seattle. The lobby is beautiful and serene, with wall murals of Greek dolphins frolicking in the sea. We stayed in a standard king room and it was decorated in a whimsical, unique style. The room was also comfortable and quiet. The hotel is located in a nice central location and within walking distance to a lot of local attractions. The hotel also offers an our of indulgence? which is a beer and wine tasting. It was nicely done and the day we were there they had a fortune teller. It was a lot of fun. The staff was nice and friendly. I will definitely go back and would recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wineknow
<Content>Fantastic for Pets and People       A Very Happy Monaco Guest  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Midnite13
<Content>Fabulous Stay We stayed in a suite at the Hotel Monaco which was just a few $ more than the quoted room.The valet met us and arranged for a bellman to get our bags and bring them to our room which was on the 9th floor tucked into the corner around from the elevator. It was amazingly quiet.We at at Tulio's at the Hotel Vintage Park. The chicken was scrumptious and the risotto was heaven with a hint of orange.It was roomy and included a 2-person jacuzzi tub in the bathroom in addition to shower stall, marble vanity and AVEDA products. After our roadtrip of 9-1/2 hours, the jacuzzi was welcome relief! We didn't order a goldfish pet but they were in the lobby downstairs, referred to as the living room and also in our elevator lobby.The king-size bed with soft, luxurious linens and comforter lulled me to sleep.I wouldn't miss dinner at The Georgian Room at the Fairmount around the corner. It too was amazing and costs almost the same as Tulio's. Food, service and atmosphere were outstanding!It's about 3 blocks downhill (ie up hill when you return) and 2 blocks over to Pike Place Market. You can walk to the Space Needle but allow 30-45 minutes and buses are free within the downtown area. So if you do hop a bus to the Space Needle, it costs $1.25.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tjk1976
<Content>Cool hotel, great service Hotel location, decor, service and comfort level were all excellent. Great quality was consistent with other Kimpton properties.Typical of Kimpton, they had lots of unique special touches ?giraffe and leopard print bath robes, funky room decor, and even a live goldfish in our room (ours came with a little sign that informed us that his name was Matt). They seemed to have a bit of a goldfish theme going on throughout the hotel, which was kind of cute.The room and bed were very comfortable and it had remarkably soft sheets. Ours was a King Deluxe room and it was bigger than your average hotel room. We had a gloomy view of an office building directly next door, but we didn't pay for a view room, so I can't hold it against them.Sound seemed to travel between the rooms quite easily. We had the misfortune of having a room full of kids next door, but the front desk responded very well by moving the kids to a different part of the hotel, rather than moving us.The only thing that I didn't like about the Hotel Monaco was the $27 per day valet parking charge, which is the highest I can remember paying anywhere. Overall, it's the best boutique hotel that we've stayed at yet in Seattle. We will definitely stay again.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sam39
<Content>Great location We stayed for 3 nights in April 06. The location was great, we walked all over the city from here including the sports grounds (approx 20 mins stroll) and the space needle. Breakfast in the restaurant was good although not big portions like some restaurants. The first room we had was on the top floor and there was a loud vibrating noise, they switiched our room to a lower floor no problem. Both rooms were nice, colourful decoration and really comfy beds. Staff were helpful. No safes in the rooms so you have to get a safety deposit box which is free. Turndown service left a small chocolate each.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SeattleTrvlr
<Content>Great little hotel Great location, walking distance to everything (except the sports fields and the Space Needle but this is a nicer area of town anyway), across street from Seattle's new library. Unique room decor - funky, colorful, assorted patterns, but fun and very comfortable. Aveda toiletries, spacious bathroom counter with room for all your personal stuff. Friendly staff. Parking expensive at $27/day + tips. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was excellent at $8-$11, nearly 1/2 what the W Hotel's restaurant across the street was charging. Room 420 was not a suite but was quite roomy and had everything you'd need. Fitness room has Precor bikes, a treadmill, stair stepper, and free weights - ask for headphones at the front desk before you go down there if you want to hear the TVs mounted at each station. Tulio, a Seattle favorite restaurant, is one block away --try the sweet potato gnocchi for an appetizer and the risotto - both excellent, as was the grilled lamb. Not cheap though - about $100 for 2 with 1/2 bottle wine. This was my first experience booking through Hotwire so was worried we'd get one of the worst rooms, but it was as nice as any I think, except maybe the suites. We paid $130 (Hotwire 4-star rating). If you don't like the big chain hotels, this is an excellent alternative.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magellancat
<Content>ExtremelyAccomondating We arrived in Seattle from Florida and had made reservations at a sister hotel Vintage Park. The guest services at Vintage Park had much to be desired. Ex-no help with luggage. So we walked around the corner to the Hotel Monaco and immediately we were treated with a warm welcome and hospitality. We decided to switch hotels, and they had our luggage moved for us, upgraded our room, delivered a fish to keep us company-(I was missing my cats)and it was completely delightful. From the restaurant downstairs, to room service, to concierage guidance,  the very comfortable room. My husband is a nightowl, I'm a morning person....so the room worked perfectly. It had a sitting area with computer access and a seperate bedroom area with a curtain seperating the rooms. Two TV's--so no problem with varied intresets, and quiet time. The hotel is centrally located. All together a gem. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Monkeywrench
<Content>Nice and Convenient My husband and I splurged on a suite for our anniversary. The room was huge and as with all the Hotel Monaco's, the bed was very comfortable with a big comforter and lots of pillows. The bathroom was great with a nice sized shower and a separate jacuzzi tub, all stocked with Aveda products (yeah!). The food at the restaurant downstairs was good being in the middle of downtown Seattle was great. It was a bit of a walk to the baseball stadium and the Space Needle, but most other sites and shopping were within walking distance (take a cab to REI).  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris1205
<Content>Nice hotel Decor is fabulous and service is great but the rooms are a little small. I had dinner in the hotel restaurant twice and the food was great but a little pricey. Over all a good choice.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Steve_Ricky
<Content>Funky... Rooms are of a fairly standard size for a mid range hotel. Furnishings are bright and unusual. Staff are friendly and accommodating but things do sometimes slip - I had to ask twice to get a blown lightbulb fixed, and my laundry was missed on one occasion causing me problems.The Sazerac restaurant has a good reputation locally and the food was fine, although I found the service pretty patronising on occasion.Would I stay here again - yes I probably would but it's nothing special really.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lifeofbrian
<Content>Honeymoon night We stayed at this hotel on our honeymoon night. The mediterrainian suites are excellent and the staff is very friendly and hip. All in all I would recommend this downtown hotel to anyone looking for an upbeat and modern hotel to stay at without the business-like aspect of the W hotels.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding service We decided to give Hotel Monaco a try after reading the positive reviews here on TripAdvisor, and having had excellent experiences at Kimpton Hotels in other cities.I've stayed at several downtown Seattle hotels before (including Sheraton, Grand Hyatt, The W) and while I had positive experiences at all of them, I would certainly return to Hotel Monaco before the others. It was truly outstanding in all areas from decor, cleanliness, and especially the service.The reservations and check-in process was flawless. I made a couple specific requests by email prior to our stay, and the staff always returned my emails promptly, ready to assist. We splurged and stayed in the Mediterrean Suite, which was wonderful. There was an emormous jet tub, and the room was spacious, very comfortable, and clean. The free internet access was also a plus. All other Seattle hotels I've been to have a fee.I was blown away by the friendly and competent staff at Hotel Monaco. Everyone from the front desk staff to the concierge to the housekeeping staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.The only downside of our stay was that our hotel room smelled a bit of ciagrette smoke. I had specifically requested a nonsmoking room. When I called the front desk, they assured us that we were on a nonsmoking floor, but that they'd be happy to move us to another room immedietly if we were not happy. Because we so enjoyed our unique suite, we decided to stay rather than move to a smaller room. We were more irritated by the guests who'd stayed before us and smoked in a nonsmoking room than we were with the hotel, which made efforts to remedy the situation.Following our stay, I received a thoughtful and personal email from one of their staff members apologizing for the occurence and guaranteeing that the problem would be discussed with housekeeping in an effort to more thoroughly clean rooms of smoke in the future. I was extremely impressed with this timely response, especially because I'd never made a formal complaint about the room, I had just mentioned it briefly. We were offered a discount on our next stay because of the inconvience, but even without a discount, I would make Hotel Monaco my #1 hotel choice in Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hipmamatravels
<Content>Hmmmmm what to say I had really high hopes for the Hotel Monaco when we chose it as our base for a girlfriend's shopping trip to Seattle. But after our stay, I would say that given the competition in Seattle, it was just okay. The hotel has a lot of nice features but little things that detract:The bedding is super soft and luxurious with down comforters and pillows. But the mattress is a rock hard standard hotel bed that kept me awake both nights. The furnishings are nice and the colors and patterns fun but the chair had a rip in it and the wall paper was peeling. We stayed in room 815 and there was a noise like a fog horn that vibrated through the walls off and on through our stay. My guess is it's the water pipes but it was really annoying.On waking the first morning we found that we had two packages of decaf instead of regular coffee. It took them 30 minutes to send up coffee and then they showed up with just one package. This is coffee town USA and you get one little package and 3 tiny dried creamers? There was supposed to be coffee service in the lobby but we never saw any. It must be cleared really early. It's gone by 10AM. The wine reception is from 5-6 and boy you better get there on time because if you walk in at 5:50 like we did you get a look from the manager like you are trying to scope a 2nd glass. That and the food was a plate of goldfish crackers. Classy.Friday night the restaurant and bar were closed by 4pm for a private party. That was where we planned to eat since we'd heard so much about the fun bar. It was another bummer to add to the rest.All over the hotel are posters that say things like the hotel is all about you and your comfort etc. But we felt neither catered to or comfortable. No one on staff ever asked us how we were doing or even said hello. We'll be looking elsewhere for our next visit.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SPCTCC
<Content>Monte Carlo Suite Wow -- from the moment you enter the spacious suite and find yourself smiling at the bright colorful draperies and linens, comfortable furnishings and wonderful touches with Aveda products, mint chocolates and leopard print robes -- to the peace and quiet the room and its placement afford -- you know that you have chosen well. What a great place to spend with your honey. What a great, central location to shopping, theater, restaurants and the stadiums. I would do it again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience Much more interesting than staying at the bigger chains, and I've had good experiences with the Seattle Sheraton. Staff is very friendly, as are most people in Seattle, and rooms have a lot of cool features, including the optional gold fish and bathrobes. I'd definitely stay again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, needs a little polish though. I had a business trip for four days and decided to bring my wife and new baby. I decided to stay at the Monaco because their Monte Carlos Suite was spacious, had two entertainment centers, CD player and of course the gold fish. They accommodated me with a larger robe for taller people and provided extra room in the refrigerator so we could store breast milk.Before we arrived I was able to email with a reservationists who answered many questions and provided me local services for baby rental gear and sitter services. I had multiple email transactions and each one was responded in a professional friendly manner.Of course it's hard to do everything perfect. I had trouble using their one-touch phone buttons to connect to either the concierge or room service as the phone would just receive a busy signal without re-routing the call to the front desk, and after I called the front desk directly they offered to have room service call and that never happened.Overall the experience and people were friendly and knowledgeable. I enjoyed first walking into the colorful room and having their own special jazz CD playing (nice touch). If you choose to stay here you won't go wrong!  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Magnificent Hotel Monaco! We spent the first two days of our honeymoon in the honeymoon suite at the Hotel Monaco and couldn't have had a better time. The room was beautiful. We had a fabulous jacuzzi tub in the bathroom. We lived it up, lounging around in our leopard-print robes. The hotel was immaculate. Between 5 and 6 pm both nights, we indulged in the complimentary wine and beer. It's close to everything, and we walked a lot. Best of all, it was only $190 per night (midweek). We absolutely recommend Hotel Monaco Seattle, and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelingforfun
<Content>a wonderful hotel We spent two nights here and I can't say enough about what an enjoyable experience it was. The room was a small suite, and was extremely nice. The furnishings and amenities were first class. The staff of the hotel couldn't have been any nicer. The location is perfect. I would strongly recommend travelers to Seattle stay at this hotel  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coffeebeans101
<Content>Service Service Service I spent a week with my g-friend over Labor Day for Bumbershoot. The Gray line airporter drops off around the corner from the hotel for about 10 per person, by cab 28 total but make sure they give you the flat rate or Town Car is 38. The location is central downtown across the street from W. It a quick walk to most points of tourist or business interest. Yes the Space Needle is a bit far off but you can take the monorail at the Westlake Center, which is an easy walk away. For the tourist the Underground tour, Public Market, Space Needle and EMP are a must. Leave a bit of room in your luggage because the shopping is great. The neighborhood is very safe and clean. Room: The Mediterranean Suite is quite large, equipped with a two-person Jacuzzi tub and small stand up glass-enclosed shower. The room had no view but we did not care. The room was clean except for a small throw blanket that adorned the foot of the bed, which we took off. It was tastefully decorated and the walls were striped. Trust me you wont feel like you are in a stale hotel. Ask for a gold fish or bring your well-behaved dog for company.Service: All aspects are excellent. Front desk house keeping concierge room service bell desk are all ready to provide you with the warm and professional service. Test them they don flinch.Gym: Open 24 hours with several newer cardio machines and a few dumbbells. The highest weight being 25. They have water towels and a TV. Gold however is within walking distance.Gastronomy: Sazerac is worth a try if not impressive it amusing.This was my third visit to Seattle first to Monaco. While I like the beds at Westin better I prefer Monaco at least until I can afford W. This being my g-friends first visit to both she wants to go back for Bumbershoot next year and stay at Hotel Monaco.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Monaco Seattle Cares! I'm a little late in writing my review of this wonderful hotel. I just stayed in the Chicago Monaco which was terrible and I wanted to make sure I made note of how nice Monaco's can be WHEN THE STAFF TRIES.I stayed at the Seattle Monaco in January 2005. The staff went out of their way to provide a wonderful four day experience for me.1. The hotel room was huge, overlooking the new library. Immaculate and seemed soundproof.2. Front desk staff spent 1/2 hour writing down cool nightclubs they thought I would enjoy after the conceirge was gone for the evening.3. I casually mentioned an addiction to Coca-Cola to a member of the hotel staff and when I returned to my room my mini-bar had been emptied and filled with only Coca-Cola :)4. The goldfish was well maintained unlike the dead one floating in the pathetic bowl in the Chicago location.5. The doorman ran four blocks one night to find a cab (I guess they are rare in Seattle?) and then ran back to the hotel beating the cab to make sure he could open the door for me and give the cabbie directions.6. I was visiting my father who lives in Seattle and he came to the hotel one day. He has cancer and wasn't feeling well. The conceirge escorted him down the stairs to the mens room and then hung around until he came out to make sure he was okay to get back to the lobby.The staff at the Seattle Monaco CARES. This hotel should be an example to the Kimpton chain especially the Chicago we-are-too-cool-for-our-customers staff.Well done Seattle Monaco. I can't recommend them enough!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SadieDog03
<Content>Loved it! We were recently in Seattle for two days and stayed at the Hotel Monaco. We had a basic room with a kingsize bed, and felt the room was sizeable. Loved the crazy print robes! They were a nice touch. Did not adopt a goldfish for our stay, but had a chance to visit with some in the hallway and lobby. Another nice, quirky touch that makes you remember this place. The bedding was some of the most comfortable that we have had. We also enjoyed the wine hour in the lobby, where we got a chance to meet some other people and share travel stories. Aside from a lackluster breakfast at Sazerac where our waiter was one of the worst we have ever had, we would highly recommend this place to travellers.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Stay! What a delightful surprise to stay at the Monaco. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The room was very comfortable, lovely amenities, and friendly staff. Especially enjoyed the hour of indulgence!! Definitely will come back!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jannel43
<Content>Great location, helpful staff. My two kids and I spent four days at the Hotel Monaco while we walked Seattle. We stayed in a suite, so that my son got the pullout couch while I slept in the king-sized bed with my daughter. The room felt a bit small, but was okay for what we needed. On the negative side, the bath tub plug didn't hold the water in and when I pulled it out, there was hair hanging from it. The cleaning staff saw the plug and just dropped it back in the tub, didn't fix it. Also the one time I made coffee in the room (coffee is served in the lobby), the staff failed to replace the coffee and creamer. Minor glitches, but still room for improvement.The staff was happy to answer all our questions, very helpful.The restaurant Sazerac has fascinating decor, but the food was uninspired. We had one breakfast and one dinner there. The herb vinaigrette salad (with bleu cheese added for a dollar more) was very good. This is our 3rd stay at a Kimpton hotel. They're reliable. I always consider them first when we travel and if we return to Seattle, we'll definitely stay at the Monaco again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jadeee
<Content>Good value downtown The Hotel Monaco in Seattle is a great option in this pricey area of town. Rooms at the W across the street were going for close to $400 a night. The Hotel Monaco was very unique, interesting and cozy. The bed/linens were top quality and the Aveda products in the bathroom were a nice touch.You're close to everything downtown and a quick cab ride away from nightlife and restaurants (we loved Lola!).The experience was quirky, luxurious and fun.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>smashing decor  If you like your hotel room expertly decorated with a touch of cottage-style whimsy and containing every reasonably-expected creature comfort, as well as service delivered with a smile, Seattle's Monaco is the place for you! At $242 per night booked directly from Kimpton's 800 booking number, the hotel is of exceptional quality and cleanliness. Although quiet at night for sleeping, the hotel is nicely located a 10-minute walk from Pike Place Market, as well as adjacent to and across the street from several excellent restaurants and many shops. One can even view the new Koolhaus-designed, architecturally-acclaimed Seattle library from the hotel's entry. The hotel is pet-friendly, conducts a wine tasting every afternoon, and has an outstanding New Orleans-style restaurant, serving small plates and entrees at reasonable prices. The Monaco doesn't ignore business travelers, either, as it has a staffed business center with several desktop computers, copy machine, printer, etc and also will provide, without charge, wrinkle spray and hand steamers for luggage-crumpled suits. There's no charge to check one's e-mail, either! The staff is the most thoughtful I've ever encountered; once the bellman even asked a passerby who stopped to smoke under the awning to move away from the hotel guests, as smoke was blowing in our faces. Also, on another occasion the front desk staff was dog-sitting a guest's dog behind the counter during the guest's absence. My only complaint: the menu outside the hotel restaurant listed grits on two of the breakfast entrees; grits are no longer served, a disappointment to a southern gal like me. Otherwise, an absolutely fantastic hotel with sterling staff!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Royiv
<Content>Fantastic Service! Stayed here for my girlfriend's birthday over a weekend in June. While the rooms were on the smallish side, they were nicely decorated and the bed was extremely comfortable. I had called prior to our trip to have the concierge make dinner reservations for us. I had casually mentioned to him that we were making the trip to celebrate her birthday and upon arrival in our room we found a compimentary birthday cake and bottle of champage. During our stay, the staff was extremely friendly, polite, and helpful. We found the concierge staff to be especially helpful. We are looking forward to another trip to Seattle and stay at the Monaco!  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrTed
<Content>Worthy of T+L World's Best List We just returned from four nights at the Hotel Monaco Seattle and absolutely loved it. The room was very large (Mediterranean Suite) with a spacious bathroom that included a separate shower and very deep jacuzzi tub (big enough for two). The towels are fluffy and Aveda bath products are restocked daily. The location of the hotel is fabulous with Pike Place Market being a short walk in one direction and Pioneer Square being a 10 or 15 minute walk in the other direction. We had two meals at the restaurant associated with the hotel and were very pleased with both. One rainy night we decided to stay in and order room service dinner. Our meal was delivered quickly by a very friendly staff person. Everyone we spoke with at the hotel was helpful and very friendly. Ask the concierge to arrange a town car for transport back to Sea-Tac - much better than a cab and about the same price!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hyorkshire
<Content>fabulous for dog-lovers we just stayed at the monaco while seeing red sox games. front desk staff was super, and our room on the 11th floor was spacious and comfortable, with an excellent bed. if you travel with a dog, this place is great: when you go out, you leave your dog with the front desk staff, and they take care of fido! they obviously love dogs (the concierge has an adorable wheaton terrier named truman) and the dogs obviously love it!  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Neon
<Content>Fantastic hotel experience There's nothing I would change about our experience at the Hotel Monaco. We stayed for 5 nights and the level of professionalism was excellent. The room was large (by English standards) and the jucuzzi was enjoyable. We didn't think the room was garish - or the hotel for that fact. I had expected something very loud (especially after reading some of the reviews) but I was pleasently surprised. The staff and customer service were excellent. Upon arrival the hotel were hosting a fashion show and the atmosphere was fantastic. If we weren't so tried after our flight we would have stayed to watch. The hotel safes are free and were located in reception. The wine 'hour' was great and although we were only back in time for one of the sessions it was lovely to kick back and relax. We did ask for a goldfish upon arrival although one didn't quite make it to our room. We could have followed this up by asking again, but we were just curious and, as we don't have children, decided not to pursue it. I have to agree with someone else review that the goldfish toys were a little tacky.As for the location, it was excellent, although I wouldn't recommend it for those with mobility problems unless you plan to go everywhere by car. Downtown was approximately 10 minutes walk in one direction, Pioneer Square about 15 minutes walk in the opposite direction. The monorail is located downtown in the shopping centre/mall and is approx 5 minutes to the Space Centre (Space Needle, EMP etc). There are a couple of hotel restaurants located near to Monaco although we didn't try these. There are a couple of cafe type restaurants located a couple of minutes from the hotel for breakfast and lunch and a supermarket that stocked pretty much everything. One thing I will say is that there were 3 or 4 homeless 'panhandlers' located a couple of minutes from the hotel. Although they didn't bother us we did see one physically grab someone walking by (although they were shrugged off and he didn't procede any further) and another tried to grab someone's bag. We were told (whilst in Vancouver) that the downtown area is notorious for people snatching women's bags. It's something that happens in all cities, so you just have to be as aware as you would be at home. We were able to walk from the Space Centre to Queen Anne's District although this was a bit of a hike, but one we throughly enjoyed. If you get to Queen Anne's try and get up to Millionaire's row around 6th or 7th Avenue (well it was 6 or 7 blocks walk) as the view is wonderful. We paid for a city pass which was only worthwhile if you manage to see most of the sights. We wouldn't recommend the EMP (Experience Music Project) which was quite expensive for what you got. We did take the 1 hour harbour cruise which we thought was worthwhile as we picked up a bit of history on Seattle. The restaurant next door to the hotel was convenient and although it's not in the hotel there is a connecting door so it feels as if it's part of it. We both agreed we had pretty much exhausted Seattle in the time we were there - but we were on foot since we didn't want the expense of hiring a car and dealing with traffic on the 'wrong' side of the road.I hope this review gives you some idea of the hotel and Seattle itself. If you decide to stay at Hotel Monaco, we hope you enjoy it as much as we did.  
<Date>May 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelinc
<Content>Hotel Monaco - Great Location and Service The Hotel Monaco is centrally located and provides excellent service. I recently stayed there from 4/23-5/1. When we originally checked in, there was a slight problem as we were informed that though we booked two queen beds via expedia, they had us in a room with one king bed. Fortunately, a fellow guest was also checking in at the same time and we swapped rooms. For future reference - if booking via expedia, I would recommend double checking with the hotel to ensure that you receive the correct room. The staff also stated that sometimes it is better to book through the hotel directly as they will match online rates. Additionally, the concierge (Marco) was very helpful. On Sat night, we called Salty's to make reservations for brunch the next day and were informed that there were no seats available. The following day, the concierge called the restaurant a few hours before we wanted to dine and was able to book a table for 5 that also had a great window view. The hotel is only a few blocks away from the Pike Place Market , the Seattle Art Museum, and the shopping district, and within walking distance of the Space Needle, Experience Music Project and other attractions. Ammenities and services provided by the hotel include: a pet goldfish, wine tasting and also a yoga mat that you can use in your room. If in Seattle, I would also recommend taking a helicopter tour of Mt. St. Helens via the Hoffstadt Visitor's Center.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fabulous gem I have stayed at other Kimpton properties in Chicago and San Francisco. The Hotel Monaco is the best yet. The staff was friendly, attentive and helpful without being in the way. The hotel was clean and well maintained in both the rooms and the public areas. The rooms are comfortable and the beds and linens very cozy. Room service was prompt and the food was excellent. I have stayed at more expensive hotels in the past - Ritz Carlton and Four Seasons - and this property was as good if not better than some of those. If there is one drawback, it is the size of the fitenss room, however, I used the hilly terrain of Seattle as my workout room.  
<Date>May 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ErwinFromBelgium
<Content>More than OK Last year I stayed at the Fairmont Olympic in Seattle; the Monaco gets close. Whereas the Fairmont is all about grandeur, the Monaco is smaller, cosier and more personal. Staff is very friendly. My room on the 10th floor was spacious, quiet, and well-equipped. Large bathroom with Aveda products, king size bed with lovely pillows...and the possibility to get a *real* goldfish in your room during your stay. The hotel is well located for shopping and entertainment, the bar/lobby is lively and there is every week a free wine tasting. No doubt, a good choice for your stay in Seattle, whether on business or for leisure travel.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

