<Author>flyingscorpio
<Content>Not so cheap and not so cheerful! Checked thro some reviews before we booked this hotel and saw that it had recently been renovated - but think it needs a good overhaul. There were various glitches - hardryer was faulty and the wardrobe door was falling off and the bedding was torn - not what we expected with the prices charged. We had a room at the front of the hotel, which looked out on to a very noisy street with a takeaway directly opposite. Shouting seemed to go on for most of the night. Having said this,staff were all very friendly and helpful and the hotel is within easy reach of Central Station.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GizmoCairo
<Content>It's not The Ritz but it does the job. We arrived very early, not really expecting to be able to get into the room. We were not disappointed. The luggage room was down a very narrow corridor, it was small and cramped (but then we discovered this was typical of many things in Amsterdam) and difficult to move around in. However, it was secure and did the job.Check in and out were smooth and the staff were very helpful. One person and 2 suitcases (just) fit into the lift which almost stopped on the floor of the suite which we had booked. Climbing into the suite was like going up a bunkbed ladder and required significant physical effort to manoeuvre our luggage up there. The bottom of the stairs was next to the door to the lift machinery room which was inside the suite and noises from within could be heard during the night, along with the slamming of the lift door. As it's also well placed on a busy street, don't bother staying if you want peace and quiet. It didn't disrupt our sleep after a busy day walking.The room itself was interesting. The bed was a contiboard construction, fine for sleeping but was very uncomfortable for laying on and watching the portable TV or reading. It was also quite high and the edges of the boards made it a bruising experience. The jacuzzi, in the middle of the room (almost) with a shower head protuding through the ceiling above it, made bathing a public experience as there was no dividing curtain or screen (neither were there any blinds or curtains on the frosted windows that overlooked the street from the bath area). Thankfully, there was a separate toilet and sink. The wardrobe was tiny and we just managed to store our 5 days worth of clothing. The carpet between the bedroom and toilet was badly worn and looked shabby, other fixtures and fittings were in a reasonable state of repair and YES the jacuzzi did work.Breakfast was good, a European/Continental selection of cold meats, cheese, cereals, juice etc. The wireless internet was there but the staff did not have usernames and passwords so it was unusable. There is, however, a computer in the lobby area with internet connection for free use.Despite what may seem to be negative comments, we were happy with our stay and would recommend it for those people who are able bodied and do not intend to spend much time in the room.The location is great for central station, Dam Square and the Red Light District all within very easy walking distance. If you are travelling light make sure you take the train from Schipol, it gets there in half the time and at less than half of the cost of other methods of airport transfer.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	-1	2	

<Author>blahblahblahblah21
<Content>Great hotel! This hotel is really close to everything. Redlight district is about 2 or 3 streets behind you and Dam square is 1 street infront.All of the staff were extremely helpful, one receptionist took the time to find a reason why Sudafed isn't sold in Holland and another entertained us by letting us listen to his muppets impressions (On mp3...he's great!!The room was small but extremely clean and perfect for what we needed. Shower was always clean and there was always hot water.The breakfast was a typical continental breakfast.I would most certainly stay there again and I am planning to visit Amsterdam in Oct 2009!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>travels43
<Content>Not good! This hotel is in the red light district so if you want the noise, fumes and everything else that goes with it this is your perfect hotel.The room was clean, but we moved rooms because the bedsprings were sticking through the mattress. The staff was helpfull though.Had an unfortunate incident there where something got 'lost' from our room. I contacted them and they weren't very helpfull.Wouldn't saty here again. Amsterdam has many really cool hostels to stay in.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	1	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SXM#1
<Content>Great Hotel!!       Dam Square view from the wax museum  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>milangelo
<Content>---> Best priced hotel!! Wich offcourse make's the room's a little noisey, but when you are going out untill late yourself you will not find any problems there.Secondly it is only a few minutes away from central station Great!!The hotel itself is pretty good, the room's are a little small but big enough for the price you are paying.--The room was cleaned every day.----The bed was really comforteble.----And there was a good bathroom.----good price--there are very freindly and helpfull receptionist's they make you feel welcome and can tell you a lot off good place's to be.overall this is a great hotel to stay i can really recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>travelmomWinnipeg
<Content>Friendly in Amsterdam Really excellent friendly staff who were very helpful. Very clean, quiet comfortable rooms, close to everything. Short walk from the train station. Excellent breakfast buffet in the downstairs. I arrived after having had a horrendous night of missed flight connections, and the staff were really considerate - also internet available to check messages. Great Value!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>waelfarhat
<Content>Good hotel To start with the location,the hotel has an excellent location.Close to amsterdam central station (100 meters walk).It is in the middle of the action sitiuated in a street full of bars, coffee shops (where they sell mariguana and hash) resturants and sex shops.It is a 2 minutes walk from the red light district.Also it is 2 minutes walk to the Damrak and main shopping street in amsterdam.I had a single room, it was a tiny small room, but don't expect more than that in a 3 stars hotel in amsterdam.you only need it for sleeping 3 or 4 hours not more.the breakfast was ok.good value for money.My room had a window and was well ventillated.Other rooms had windows that can't be opened, and these rooms had instead , a ceiling fan for ventillation.Overall it is a good hotel for budget travellers that are having a short stay in amsterdam.Enjoy it.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>mammap
<Content>In the Dark The room was small, but clean. There was not adequate lighting in the hall or in the room. The one window did not open and gave no light or ventilation. The location was good; breakfast was adequate; the staff were very helpful; and the price was okay.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>GLENW79
<Content>Tulips from Amsterdam The location of ths hotel is fantastic, right in the heart of Amsterdam and its many bars and restaurants with a convenient few minutes walk firom the Central Station. Our rooms, inc shower/wc were found to be clean, warm, comfortable and of a good standard. Excellent breakfast area and food. All staff we found to be pleasant, friendly and made you feel welcome. A well recommended place to stay in Amsterdam.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dan420
<Content>Good place to stay! Nice location, a short walk from central station and easy to get to from the airport. This hotel is right in the middle of all the action you come to Amsterdam for. Coffee shops are everywhere near this hotel, and the center of the Red Light District is a 5 minute walk away. Its also very close to Dam Square. The staff was very friendly and the front desk has someone on duty 24hrs a day, and its not a problem to stumble in at 3AM and go up to your room. The rooms are a little smaller than what you'd get in the USA, but you don't exactly make the journey to Amsterdam to sit it a hotel room anyway... The room is clean, the beds are comfortable, the bathroom is clean, there is a closet, chairs, table, night stands, and they have cable TV with programing in English. There's a PC with high speed Internet in the lobby. They have free breakfast until 10AM, which was pretty good and had a decent selection of stuff to eat. Also if you have postcards you want to send home, you can leave it with the person at the front desk and they'll put it in the mail for you. All in all I enjointed my stay!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HannahUK
<Content>Koopermoolen - comfortable, good value hotel. This hotel is close to the central station and therefore great for getting around. It is a short walk from the red light district but far enough away not to notice, if you don't want to see this part of the city. The staff are welcoming. The rooms are comfortable and good value for Amsterdam. I was told by the friendly receptionist that the hotel had recently been taken over and revamped. There is no bar in this hotel, but there are plenty just around the corner.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	2	

<Author>BILLJ_GA
<Content>Do Not Book Here!!! I have been to many countries and stayed in many places that I have paid as little as $7 night. I have never stayed in any place as bad as this. If I knew it was safe to sleep in a park in Amsterdam I would have rather have done that. I don't see how they could legally charge 123 Euro a night. Even if you are drunk, etc you would not want to sleep here. The people who have written good reviews must know of some new drug or they are associated with this nightmare. Want to know why it is so bad:1) Ceiling fan in the room only had three blades and they were all bent down. Oh.. it didn't work either...2) It was very cool outside, but hot as hell inside and you could not open a window. I mean VERY hot. We would lay our clothes out so that right when you get dried off after a shower you throw your clothes on and get out before you start sweating.3) Shower was nasty nasty.4) TV remote did not work, and TV only worked sometimes.5) Rooms are very, very, very small. Don't count on seeing any room like the photos on their website.The only good thing I can say is that the hotel room forces you to spend as little time as possible in the room and to spend all your time out seeing the sites.Uggggh! I hope one day I will be able to forget this scary place!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>TomSal
<Content>Can't understand all the bad reviews Okay, I admit the hotel isn't 5 star, but if you only want a place to sleep and wash I don't think you can go wrong with this place.The location is excellent, close to central station, Dam Square, Red Light district etc.The rooms were warm and comfortable, clean and the bed nice to sleep on. Didn't try breakfast so can't comment.If you are in the dam as a group on the beer and what to be close to all the action, give it a try.No problems with reception either and didn't feel unsafe once.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>BONKA
<Content>Oh dear. Thats bad. Where do i start. I and my party were disgusted with the 8 bed apartment i booked through easytobook. The toilet had been smashed, a filthy shower curtain that had gone brown, no TV for 36 hours even though I complained, broken coffee table which I tried to fix, un-equipped kitchen only plastic cups from a water dispenser, not even a kettle, worn out carpets right through to the boards, most of the windows would not open, broken window blinds, broken heater, dangerous exposed electrical circuits on uplighters and not enough beds. When i brought up the beds situation with the staff they just shrugged their shoulders and said well thats all we have. It dosn't even look like the photos in the advertisement. On the advertisement I was promised 8 single beds and we got 7 and a double. Not good enough. I and my party were absolutely let down and will never stay at this hotel again. I cannot believe that this is a 3 star hotel apartment, no way, more like 1 star. No clean towels and nobody came in and cleaned the apartment while we stayed. The whole apartment was in a state of being decorated but by no means nearly finished, with dirty walls and filled holes everywhere. There was nowhere to hang any clothes or a chest of drawers to use either. One room didn't even have a light in it. The rooms were not even at the hotel it was a few doors away from the hotel. It was filthy and if this is what easytobook has to offer then I will not be booking through them ever again. I have been going to Amsterdam for 8 years now and I can honestly say this was the worst accommodation I have ever stayed in and my friends feel the same. We were disgusted and let down to such an extent that the accommodation was the talking point of the trip due to it being so bad. Hope that you pass on my comments to the hotel. You really should not be advertising places like this, take it off your lists so that nobody else has to go through it as well. It鈥檚 a total disgrace. Seeing is beleiveing, and you do not want to see this i'm sure. By the way there was meant to be a lift which was why it was booked along with being close to the station, but i saw no lift and i have spent the last three days in bed with a knackerd back because of all the narrow steep stairs taking tablets galore to ease the pain. I wish i had a camera with me to have taken some photos.Do not stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>AshburtonGrove
<Content>Simply Awful...... This hotel has obviously changed ownership since I last stayed. What a difference! It used to be ok, nice lady on reception, nothing special, but ok for cheap digs and a place to crash after a day on the lash. But now its simply awful. The new owners simply don't provide any customer service (as I found out when the maid had accidentally removed my towell from the room - I never got it back.) The rooms are dimly lit, the showers poor and lack power, linen ripped and dirty, carpets sticky, broken light bulbs, toilet didn't always flush properly, and no remote for the TV. The room I most recently stayed in had windows that opened out onto what I might only describe as an empty lift shaft - this was regularly used by guests in other rooms to be sick into from their windows - not nice to be woken up like this at 3am. This should really only be used as a place to crash out when wasted, its noisy, full of drunk tourists and the reception is always smokey. Breakfast? Are they sure? I wouldn't call it breakfast - just some dodgy bread and rancid looking cheese. A very poor hotel now - pity as I have some fond memories of staying here on previous trips over many years. Good location though! But I can't think of anything else positive to say. I'd avoid it based on experience. For a few extra Euros you will find something a lot cleaner and nicer.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>triumphant
<Content>The worst i ever seen I would strongly recommend to any one reading theses reviews NOT to book here. In all my travels over the years to Amsterdam, this has got to be by far the worst hotel i have ever stayed in. Dirt and dusty are everywhere, the rooms are small, smelly, carpets stained and fraying at the edges, the curtains are disgusting. The bathroom was disgusting, and the glass is clear plain glass, so you have got blinds to pull for privacy, but only some !!! The room had not been cleaned since the last people checked out, there was used tissues on the floor, bedding was once white but now grey and full of holes. The mattress is as firm as a marshmallow!! The reception is as bad, stairs to rooms are filthy at best, fag ends all over, litter behind doors. We noticed that a young group of folk were also not happy with their room and were checking out, but they were getting charged for one night, even though they refused to stay. I noticed then that the staff are shocking, one guy in a suit was swearing at the young group and being very intimidating. The reception is always full of the  staffs family and friends, and make you very nervous when you walk through, they stop talking and watch you and carry on their conversation when you are walking away. As for helpful !!!! not in the least, we were waiting for a call from the airport regarding our baggage, they did call, just reception could not be bothered passing on the message. Hit them with a problem and they will blatantly walk away, as happened to me, i stood there unable to believe that they walked away!! and carried on their conversations. We stayed the one night, only because we could not get a refund for the whole stay, checked out the next morning after being told we would be refunded for the other two nights!!! We had to fight to get our refund after being offered it a few hours previous, then told they could not refund the payment to our card as they did not know how to!! and then told we can do it, but it will take a few weeks !!!! i was not prepared for that and eventually got a refund in cash, but i think it was only because of my size and stature or the fact that i had red mist decending and was about to rip the head off the manager( george) if he is the manager ? Take it from me , dont not even consider this hotel, how any one can give this place decent review is beyond me!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>bigsmile
<Content>lovely place, warm people I have had marvelous time at this hotel. It has spacious rooms and beds they are also very clean. The hotel is in the heart of amsterdam, all the famous attractions is only walking distance. Also we really liked the rich breakfast. And what I liked most was the people who works there, were extremly kind ,friendly, talkative, helpfull, cheerfull. I will go back there just to visit the hotel workers, I spend lots of time with them listening their funny stories about amsterdam. Lovely place to go. Dont expect luxury but it is a modest , clean friendly place I would say its just for young people. Go meet the fun people there...  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value 4 money I read all the comments and I am thinking why people go to busy part of the town if they want to see the historic Amsterdam?????????This Hotel was clean to my standards. Clean bedding, bathroom, towels, breakfast area etc. People were smoking at the reception but who cared. The rooms are on the first floor so you could not smell the cigarette smell. People at the reception were helpful for direction, telephone, attractions, thought the lady in the kitchen was a bit funny. One day we went late for breakfast and we asked for more boiled eggs as there weren鈥檛 any left at the buffet, but she didn鈥檛 give us any, she said that we have to come early not at the end of the breakfast time!!!!!!!!!!The Hotel is in a very central and convenient location. Few minutes walk to the Dam Square and shopping area, also very close to restaurants, caf茅 shops, fast food and souvenir shops. For being so close to the centre there is a price to pay. The Hotel is in a busy area and it is quiet noisy until early hours of the morning. Amsterdam is a busy place at all the time, so if you are looking for restful break Amsterdam isn鈥檛 the place, you will be better of going to Rotterdam for that purpose.I highly recommend this Hotel to young people and couples as myself and my husband, also to all other people from different age brackets who are looking for adventure and want to see Amsterdam in its real charm .  
<Date>Jun 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clueless My boyfriend and I stayed in this hotel for 2 night, When we booked i rang up to double check there was a hairdryer in the room so i didnt pack mine. As it turned out there was no hairdryer so i kept having to go down to reception to borrow theres.We kept getting given hand towles even though i asked for full length towles.The street noise was very very loud, the noises went on till 4am on Monday morning  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>our money was stolen from the safe in reception (not a first!!!) As a stag party, we stayed in this hotel as it was in the heart of Amsterdam and although the found the hotel was scruffy, quite dirty and had basic amenities (well a portable tv in the room with no remote or any way to change the channel or higher or lower it and a broken shower) this was sufficent.We found the staff to be arrogant, extremely unhelpful and they seemed to disappear everytime there was a problem. Firstly they overcharged us, we argued about this, however eventually accepted and paid up. They then charged us 5 euros each to put our valuables, money and passports in their safety deposit boxes behind the counter in reception, which did not seem to be unreasonable. They were very anxious for us to use the safety deposit boxes and it soon became apparent why. When we went to check out of the hotel and take the valuables out of the boxes the passports were there but no money. The receptionist did not seem to be suprised and when I asked to see the CCTV footage, suprise, surprise there were no cameras on the safety deposit boxes, although they were everywhere else in the building and outside. After wasting two hours of our last day the owners son turned up at the hotel and went through the footage in a downstairs room with only one of our party (on fast forward). The owners son then offered to pay part of the money back but I said we were going to the police, the receptionist who was working when the money went missing said he would follow us to the police station. We made our report with the police and surprise, suprise he never showed up at the police station, so we went back to the hotel. He had apparently gone home and was no due back in until after 7pm even though he usually starts work at 4pm. Luckily enough we were not travelling home until late on so we told them we would be back.After getting the police report and going back to the hotel after 7, we showed the report to the receptionist and gave them a copy for their records. The receptionist denied he was going to follow us to the police station and blamed everybody apart from himself. At this point every other member of staff and all the dodgy characters who stood outside all day had disappeared. The police were also not surprised when we mentioned the name of the hotel. We never got to the bottom of the missing money although only one person had access to the keys to the safety deposit boxes throughout the time the money went missing. We had wasted a full day of my stag weekend and were left with no money to buy presents for the families / food  drink for ourselves or to enjoy all the attractions of one of the best cities in the world.I would strongly urged people to stay away from this hotel and all the dodgy characters who staff it.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel ever Just returned from a few days break in Amsterdam, it is the fifth time of spending a long weekend there, usually we would stay in the botel but it was fully booked. We were a bit disapointed not being able to return to the same hotel but when we arrived at the koopermoolen disapointment turned to horor. It is really dark and dirty with no real maid service. There is a terrible stale smell everywhere you go. It is ideally situated in Amsterdam for the bars in the red light but if your going to Amsterdam to enjoy the culture i wouldn't stay here because you will be highly dissapointed. There are plenty of other hotels in this price range with far better facilities.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please do not stay here the hotel is run by thieves This is a dirty horrible hotel with small badly lit rooms that are not value for money, when we stayed not only did we experiaence the dirtyest hotel that weve ever stayed in we also experienced thieves working behind the reception. We purchased the rent of a safety deposit box and the money was stolen out of it which is a first for us, and we are a croud of ten lads from liverpool so nothing would usually shock us but this was beyond belief. So if you are reading this and have already booked a roon cancel it because for the money you pay you could get a hotel 100% better than this rat infested flee pit.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Quagland
<Content>All down to luck To be honest before I booked my hotel I read reviews of many amsterdam hotels on this site and I decided to go with Hotel de Koopermoolen. After staying there I can honestly understand why so many people think its not up to standard. I was one of the lucky ones but its definitely not three star standard. I stayed there for five nites with my girlfriend. The room was ok although it looked nothing like the double room picture advertised on the site. First of all I'll comment on the staff..One of them was very helpful and friendly. The others came across as slightly arrogant. Not very helpful. Always sitting around in the lobbey smoking pot (its amsterdam..what do you expect i guess)..still..its not something u would expect to see in a hotel lobbey..the dont help you with your bags and the lift is tiny (about 1 square metre)..if you have a lot of luggage ur screwed..When we eventually got to the room we thought its not bad..could have been worse..from the horror stories i had read about some hotel rooms in amsterdam this seemed ok..dont get me wrong..you get what you pay for..its one of the cheaper hotels so dont expect amazing rooms.we paid 370 euro for a double room for five nights. i think we were lucky enough to get one of the better rooms..i think if you have a room pre-booked you probably get the better ones.the only complaints i have about the room were the shower handle was broken which meant u had to hold it while showering(not too serious), the noise at night was terrible but thats what you get when you book a hotel in central amsterdam...the room was small but besides that it was just ok..i would give the room a three out of five..the heating was working..the blankets were very light which didnt suit my girlfriend..she likes the heat..the tv worked..it is advertised that you can purchase movies to watch in your room..however when we asked at the desk they said the system was down..they seemed to find it very funny.. There was no telephone..You can smoke in the room which is convenient.The bedside light worked..Aside from the shower the bathroom was fine..it is very close to everything..very close to all the coffeeshops and red light district..and central station is only a 5/10 minute walk away..Basically I agree with the other reviews..I can see why people were unhappy with the rooms. We were lucky to get a room with only minor things wrong with it..Again, as the other guys said, if you are looking for a nice hotel DO NOT STAY HERE..if you are in a stag or hen party or just need a place to sleep for a few hours a night its fine..i dont think we would stay there again though..  
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nightmare experience I just came back from Amsterdam, where I stayed for 4 nights in this hotel, and my experience can be summarized by one question: how in the world can this dump be advertized as a 3-star hotel??!!! It barely qualifies as a run-down - and overpriced - hostel. I felt totally cheated by the web description of this place. I could accept all the problems I found if I had known I was checking into a hostel, but that's not how this hotel is advertized.I travel a lot to Europe, always pick 3-star hotels, and this was the first time I was simply shocked by what I found. Tiny, dark, dirty room, in which you could hardly turn wihtout bumping into a wall or the bed; no Kleenex in the bathroom, only a permanently empty container for it; no advertized hair-dryer (when I asked for one in the lobby, the receptionist seemed surprised and annoyed that I didn't bring my own, he apparently didn't expect he would be asked to provide one); no advertized telephone in the room either. The room service consisted in tucking in the sheets (not even straightening the pillows); used towels were not always removed, only new ones added, which was also a bit difficult since there were NO towel holders in the bathroom nor any counter space on which to put things; the lobby was always filled with a bunch of men (I guess employees  friends) eating meals, filling the space with thick smoke, and having a loud merry time, creating a pretty unwelcoming impression. The lighting in the room was atrocious - the ceiling light barely there and while the miniature half-table was basically taken by two smallish table lamps, one didn't have a bulb (and none was provided after my inquiry) and the other was not enough to read by.I should've known there was something wrong when the receptionist insisted on paying in full the moment you arrive (another first in my traveling experience'; none of the 3-star hotels ever make you do that). If it weren't for this trick, I would've moved out of there after the first night, that's for sure.The breakfast is OK, I suppose, if you don't care too much what you're eating. It definitely is not anywhere near a 3-star level and the room is a dumpy looking, bare-bones cafeteria with what seemed like a permanently wet floor when I was there.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty Over priced. Dont stay here unless u dont care where u stay! My girlfriend and I recently toured europe and we had a stop in amsterdam. We booked at the this hotel called Hotel Central Amsterdam. Upon arriving there we found a boarded up building on the main strip with directions to another hotel. This place looked like it was condemned. So we walked over a couple of blocks to Hotel Koopermoolen. Which in comparison to the prevois hotel looked alright. Well we judged by the lobby appearnce. We were offered a chioce of room a larger room with its own bathroom which we had requested which was besdie the lobby and another tiny room at the back of the hotel. We chose the larger one with the bathroom. So for starters the TV didnt work. The Sheets were ripped. the toilet seat wouldnt stay up so it was constantly hittin u in the back or u had to hold it up while using the toilet. The bed side lights would work unless u balanced an ashtray on the cord. When we complained about the TV the said they would look at it. I later heard the staff laughing about the lack of TV. the knew it didnt work are werent goin to do anything about it. They were friendly people but there was always a couple of them hanging around the lobby watching TV and smokin pot.The location was great if u want drugged up people wandering past at all hours. We were moved upstairs to another room for the last night of our stay were there was no lift. have fun with your luggage no one offered to help. The room was tiny smelled bad and had no bathroom only a shower. We paid over 300 euros for this 3 night stay. I realize the staff and management probably dont care much as there will always be suckers lookin for a place to stay and that is why they make u pay up front. We looked for other hotels nearby whih were comparably priced and there are many other options. DO NOT STAY HERE! Unless u want your stay in amsterdam to be ruined. On a side note if are in college and just want a place to crash at the end of a night of bong hits and booze. this place would be ideal. If u want somewhere nice to stay with clean linens, etc. Dont stay here!  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great- hotel de koopermoolen we are 2 couples from the uk and we have just recently returned from a stay at hotel de koopermoolen. we stayed over new year and it was superb! the hotel is great. it has nice clean rooms with everything you need in them, tv, shower gel shampoo and clean towels daily. the heating is on 24/7. which was great as it was snowing outside, you could turn the heating down or off if it got too warm. the breakfast is very good, eat as much as you like and is included in the room price. the staff are friendly and helpful. the location is brilliant right in the centre were you want to be and only 5 mins walk to central station. we will definitely stay here again. i would recommend this hotel to everyone. but remember this is a 3* hotel and is great value for a hotel right in the centre. but if you want 5* luxury you will have to pay much more!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware the Web site ! The Web site gives the impression of a quaint traditional hotel so we could not wait to check in. How wrong and different was the real thing. Our congratulations go to the photographer!The first room we were shown was above the front doors and the window at floor level gave the impression that this was a brothel (to the people out in the street!) The room was unbearably hot and tiny. Our second room on the top floor was quieter and cooler at the back of the hotel with a view of the rooftops. Access was by an ancient and very slow lift. Housekeeping was rubbish as all they did was tuck in the covers over the creased sheets etc. On the second day we discovered that the sheets were torn and complained - given clean sheets but had to remake beds ourselves - now understand why this hotel makes you pay in full up front! On the plus side, breakfast was quite acceptable, (but in a room more like a university refrectory)and the location is central, albeit very close to red light district.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not to good our first night we had a room with a view to a back alley that had a really bad smell.we then were moved room the next day to a bigger room but the windows didnt open and the room was rather hot.breakfast was great location is excellent.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Anthony101
<Content>Horrific Experience I have never, in my life, experienced such a horrible hotel. The lobby was quite clean and the staff were reasonably helpful and friendly. However, the lodging was absolutely sub-par. We booked a twin bedroom for four nights, and didn't even realize that the window could not open until it was too late. This wouldn't sound particularly bad, but if you consider that the average temperature was 30+ degrees Celsius during our stay, this was absolutely unbearable. With only a small portable fan in the room and no air circulation there were times when we had to leave the hotel in the middle of the night to get some fresh air. Wrapping cold/wet towels around our heads to try to fall asleep become a necessity.The room was never really cleaned during our stay, which was another unfortunate element. One morning one of the staff came into our room without knocking to put a sign on the inside of our door, even though we requested he come back later. All in all, I cannot fault the staff too much - and we didn't lodge a complaint. It was during the summer and we were happy to book a room upon arrival for a reasonable rate. However, the lack of comfort in our hotel room, certainly impacted our time in Amsterdam in a very negative way.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK but won't stay again My husband and I were on our honeymoon and Amsterdam was the last stop on our European vacation. The room was ok but the noise from outside was unbearable. It never stopped!! We couldn't sleep day or night. We liked the breakfast and the staff was nice, but the location for this hotel is a nightmare. It was also very hot in the room (we were there in March) and the window would not stay up. I guess you get what you pay for.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay there again.... I've just returned from Amsterdam having spent the w/e with my boyfriend and another couple. Firstly I had booked large double rooms with 'Kingsize beds' (internet description!). When we arrived, our friends were given a room with no window!! Bathroom was absolutely tiny and 2 of the lights were broken in the room! When we were shown our room, it had 2 single beds, with cigarrette burns all over the quilt covers! The noise was unbelievable from the street. Now don't get me wrong, we never had any intention of spending any time in the hotel - only to sleep, but u couldn't even do that. My friends were told they would get to change rooms the 2nd night, because it was soo stuffy what with no windows n all, they had just gotten engaged, so the hotel staff said they were being transferred to the nicest room they had - wait for it - another 2 single beds! Staff were ok to be fair, but the hotel is a glorified hostel. However, it is slap bang in the middle of things so for that, it cannot be faulted. But should I ever return to Amsterdam, I would definitely find somewhere a lot cleaner and nicer.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geoffboxer
<Content>Dont book the Single room. On one of my frequent trips, I called at the reception to get info for a possible stay in a few months time.The girl was most helpful, gave me a price which although not the cheapest was about right. Told me I would get a nice sized single room with all the facilities.It seemed to be fine.I later contacted the hotel and booked, giving my credit card as guarentee, but paid no deposite.On arrival I was asked to pay for my 7 nights stay at reception. Told the man I needed to see the room first. Then my suspicions were arroused !I was told to take the lift to the 4th floor, walk to my right as far as I could, up another flight of stairs and it was the last room on the right. The lift by the way was more like an upright coffin !When I saw the tiny atic room my spirits dropped even further. Im 6ft 2in and I could not get into the the apology for a shower and toilet.The very small bed took up all the floor space.Told the man this was unaceptable.He said it was their only single room so I told him to keep it !To be fair he did not take anything from my credit card.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth staying even for free I arrived at the hotel exhausted from travelling and was shown a room that was not acceptable.The next 2 rooms I saw were even less acceptable, including missing glass from a window pane.I was told the manager was not available and decided I would wait and talk to him the next day.I met with the owner's son and despite my dissatisfaction refused to return my advance payment so I could check out.I found the staff indifferent at best, their favorite response was, talk to the manager.After 2 nights, I left and filed a complaint with the tourist board.Anyone who could have found anything good about this hotel would have to have been drunk their entire stay.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated Hotel De Koopermoolen and its owner When we arrived, the room we were shown was dirty , the couch was torn, and the hall carpet smelled. We asked for another room, or a room at another hotel. None was offered. We then said that we would only stay two nights, and would like a refund of the third night's fee, since we had paid in advance, at registration. We were told by the staff that this was possible, but we would have to see the owner the next day. When we saw the owner, he refused. we complained to the Amsterdam Tourist Board at the train station. They wrote to the hotel owner asking him to contact us to resolve the situation. The tourist board (VVV) can drop the hotel from their listing for just cause, after three complaints, so we thought the hotel owner would respond. He has not done this. The VVV will book a small hotel for you and take payment. They can negotiate for you if you have a complaint, but only if you book through them. This is the way to book a small hotel in Amsterdam. By the way, the hotel advertises that they will hold your baggage for you. You may think this is like the service large hotels provide? How wrong you are. They charge an exorbitant rate after 45 minutes.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Koopermoolen brilliant !!! I stayed here the last weekend in April with a group of lads on a stag weekend. The hotel was excellent, the staff were all freindly and helpful - also good for a laugh. The hotel was VERY clean and tidy. I never made breakfast once but others in the group said there was plenty of it - continental style. I read in some other reviews about the area feeling unsafe (different hotels in the same street). Behind the hotel is the red light district the front street leads to DAM square about 5 mins walk. Our group did not see any problems in the 3 days we stayed there so do not be put off - I'd say its feels a lot safer than London. Its not the Hilton but I would say better value for money (only 鈧?5/night/person). Whether you are a group or couple on a low budget wanting a clean freindly hotel in the centre of Amsterdam then this is for you.   
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>basic but ideally located for old amsterdam My wife and I stayed at the Koopermoolen for 3 nights 13 - 16 April 2004. We thought it was OK maybe a little basic but ideally located to live in the middle of the old part of the city. Further along the same road are a number of coffee shops where the customers clearly weren't just sharing expressos and a number of sex shops and gay clubs but they're all aspects of Amsterdam.This part of the city also has some wonderful restaurants, cosy little bars ( brown cafe's) and quaint side streets along the canals which all add up to a unique atmosphere where we felt entirely safe day and night. The hotel is a typical old local house. Our room was on the front at third floor level. It was triangular in shape with three windows ( that couldn't be openened) facing the main street so there was some noise at nights until the early morning. We had a comfortable bed, ensuite shower, wash basin and loo. Everything was reasonably clean, not spotless and not luxurious. Reception could do with brightening up, but the staff were friendly and helpful. The lift was useful as the stairs are extremely steep and winding. The only other facilities were the breakfast restaurant in the basement. This was a buffet of ham, cheese, egg, sliced breads, cereal, yoghurt, fruit juice and a choice of hot drinks - all fresh, as much as you liked and included in the price of the room. We thought overall it was good value, had real characterand was located ideally for seeing old Amsterdam on foot and by boat. The other guests were mainly young families, students or couples.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Daniela2205
<Content>super zentral liegendes nettes kleines Hotel       Au脽enansicht  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BerlinWorldwide
<Content>Nie wieder!   showReview(17607856, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	3	2	3	

<Author>urschi
<Content>Jederzeit gerne wieder ins Hotel Koopermoolen Amsterdam!   showReview(7379482, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

