<Author>NewToChicago
<Content>Enjoyed our stay here. This is a beautiful hotel, the room was excellent. It's location is okay for a short walk to the French Quarter. There are several restaurants close. We ate at Mulate's (good music, slow service) and the Cajun Skillet (very good). Our only complaint was the parking fee- 28.00.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jwharris
<Content>Great Hotel, great service Stayed for four days for leisure. This is my second stay. Staff was very attentive, room was outstanding. Housekeeping staff was excellent. Room service was over and beyond attentive. Wolf's restaurant was wonderful. Only one minor glitch with one breakfast item, potatoes were less than expected. Overall, top notch and a great place to stay, would go again.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mcclure2
<Content>Good hotel, centrally located I stayed at the Marriott Aug 19-24 for a travel agent convention. The hotel was nice and served it purpose. The toiletries were Bath and Body Works products so if you forget your shampoo and conditioner you are covered although don't forget your hair dryer theirs doesn't have a lot of power. Rooms were clean and the beds were VERY comfortable probably one of the most comfortable I have stayed in. The hotel itself is nice although the convention center is confusing...many of us likened it to a cruise ship. You always ended up in a different tower.The bar in the lobby is large and they serve very good drinks, although service can be slow at times when you really think it shouldn't be. I did have a waitress spill a glass of wine on me but the hotel was more than happy to pick up the dry cleaning bill and the waitress very embarrassed and apologetic.The Starbucks in the hotel is only open from 6:00am to 6:00pm and thats a rough adjustment for those of us who like to have an evening latte. Everyone in my group did not car for the food that the hotel served for conventions, it could have been much better.The convention staff was very attentive, courteous and gracious and gave out gentle reminders to people who would tip chairs forward to rest against the tables that it was not safe to do so because the legs stick out the back and clip people as they walk by.It is centrally located and about two blocks from Bourbon Street. All in all it is a good, clean location.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>schulzwh
<Content>Stay here if you've got an event at the convention center Stayed here for five night in June '08 for a big conference my organization was putting on at the convention center (across the street). This is very nice place. Very new, very clean. Quiet too. Very helpful staff for the most part, with only one minor glitch when a staffer failed to log in a DedEx package that had arrived. We got it in the end, and the hotel staff was very apologetic Only ate breakfast there, but the food was excellent and the service was terrific. Could not have asked for a better place to stay for our conference. However, if you want to be in the center of the city and the center of the action, this is a 5-10 minute cab ride from that.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TeamJK
<Content>Nice room, good convention location, lousy housekeeping Stayed at the Marriott Convention Center New Orleans for four nights on business. My first time in NOLA. Overall comments; the room was nicely appointed - I was assigned a handicapped accessible room. I decided to stick with that room because of the size of the room, but the downside is that there's no bathtub; it's just an open shower. The bathroom is bigger as well. Bed was very comfortable; there's no mini bar. Internet access is $15/day.The biggest downside for me was the housekeeping; they kept taking my soap and not replacing it, and taking towels and not hanging them back up with new ones. I later learned that there are towels stowed in the cabinet that I could use, but didn't realize that for a couple of days.... Also, while the size of the bathroom is nice, there is no vanity area to speak of (this is a result of the handicapped accessible bathroom). So - good size, but couple details were missing that I didn't come to appreciate until I actually spent a morning there. For a guy like me, no biggie - but a female may not be happy with it.Room service - prompt and accurate. Note order via the breakfast pamphlet rather than the menu itself, the combos are slightly more reasonable (notable word is slightly). Also, Starbucks on premises is very nice. If you want to cheap out on breakfast you can, they have big bowls of cereal and milk in the sundry shop, along with nutri-grain type bars. Don't forget to get a spoon from the restaurant though.Gym - clean and sufficient. TV monitors on each of the cardio equipment.Location - great if you're at a convention, it is right across the street from the convention center. 4 blocks from Emeril's, a pretty cool bar called Lucy's (I think), and other good eats are close by. Bourbon Street is about a 20 minute walk away; it's few blocks to Canal street, then another few to Bourbon street. I'd stick to the main streets, although none of it seemed too sketchy to me.If you're primary purpose is to vacation, however - I might stay a little closer to the French Quarter, although the quiet area around the Marriott is nice at night. If you're at the convention center, though - after a long day of conventioneering, it's great to pop across the street and relax in the hotel room, and it's only a 5 minute cab ride to the French Quarter if you don't want to walk.Restaurants - K-Pauls, Redfish Grill, Mr. B's, Jacques-Imo's, Emeril's. All outstanding. Be sure to order Redfish at least once, somewhere. Overall, not a bad experience. If I go back, I'll probably stay at the Westin or the W, which seem to be a little closer to the FQ.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	5	5	3	5	

<Author>Namlit
<Content>A Fine Place to Stay Had to move here from the JW Marriott on Canal Street when all the football fans hit town for the Sugar Bowl and their rates went up. I was expecting a big step down in quality, and was pleased to find this not the case. Same comfy beds with duvets, same spacious room and bathroom. Bigger television, though not a flat panel. No bathrobes or fridge, but these are hardly essentials. My room was on the top floor with a marvelous view of the city. it was very quiet, and at first I thought my floor was empty. Turns out it was just good soundproofing, which I much appreciated. Room service was fast, with excellent N.O. food (Try the Shrimp Po Boy). All-in-all, I have no complaints about this fine hotel.A few tips: -There is ample, FREE parking on the streets surrounding this hotel from 5:00 pm Fridays until 8:00 AM Mondays, and on holidays.-There's a FREE (if you say you are a local) wi-fi service called Feather.net available throughout the Franch Quarter/Central Business District, including in the hotel. This compared to the hotel's wired and wi-fi offerings, which range in price from $12.99 to 18.99 per day.-It IS a ten minute walk to Jackson Square, but you can catch a FREE streetcar line that runs all the way to the French Market along the river. Also, check out the FREE ferry across the mighty Mississippi at Canal Street and the river for a great view of Jackson Square, the Quarter, and friendly pelicans!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kristin_1902
<Content>Nice business hotel in okay location We stayed in this hotel for New Year's Eve weekend and the Sugar Bowl on a personal/business combo vacation. While I probably wouldn't choose it again for a personal vacation in favor of something closer to Jackson Square (our favorite area of NOLA), it was on par with the other similar hotels I've stayed in on business trips. Very comfy beds, nice bathroom, big television, good sound-proofing, several meeting rooms, and an attractive lobby with a Starbucks. The front desk staff was very helpful one night when we were trying to decide where to have dinner. The location wasn't bad, just off the beaten path a bit if you're more interested in French Quarter stuff. We were directly across from the Convention Center and a block down and across the street from the Audubon Aquarium and River Walk mall, where there's a convenient trolley stop. The St. Charles trolley is a few blocks in the other direction for a ride through the Garden District.In spite of the distance from the FQ, we ended up walking either to or from it at least once a day on our trip - and that's with a giant blister on my foot and my sister having a broken toe. In other words, it's not a bad walk, especially if you drink a Hand Grenade on the way! There are several good restaurants within easy walking distance, too. The immediate neighborhood felt very safe, and in all our wanderings throughout the Central Business District, we never felt even slightly threatened.My one complaint about the hotel is that the housekeeping staff threw away some of our stuff - the plastic cap from my electric toothbrush, a plastic bag containing some candy, and the $20 diffuser from my sister's camera. These things could've been mistaken for trash, but when in doubt - don't throw it away!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	4	3	4	4	2	3	

<Author>earing
<Content>Very nice staff We just returned from a convention in NO and stayed at the Marriott Convention Center. It was great. The staff was very friendly, helped us with pretty much everything. The rooms, fairly standard, but very clean and yummy beds and sheets. location is wonderful, right across from the Convention Center and down the street from the River Walk. We walked into the French Quarter and had a blast, partied like rock stars, not something we normally do. Breakfast at the hotel was actually very good, a bit pricey but nice buffett. We felt very safe there, even when we walked around at night, there were cops on every corner. Only drawback was that the hotel pool was not heated, yikes! I had a very quick swim, then worked out in the work out room, which is very nice. We would go back again, just loved the city.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>imaweeklytraveller
<Content>Persona non-grata Accommodations where OK, definitely acceptable for what is really a mid-class New Orleans hotel. Service falls far below par for a Marriott property.We could not believe this hotel's lack of respect for numerous guests in need of service. The attitude presented from the desk and service staff when they closed the lounge at 11:45PM, (even though every seat in the bar was full and more guests were arriving, (most being week long visitors to NOLA who had just returned from an event at the Superdome)) was atrocious. New Orleans is a city whose primary attraction (probably the only remaining attraction) is based on dining and partying in a permissible party atmosphere. How can a hotel possibly justify denying guests service at such an early hour. The response from Management (and Rory) was you should go party at the bars down on Bourbon Street, they are open all night鈥? Our response was OK, there were 5 murders in NOLA this weekend 鈥?F I V E !!!. We are back in our Hotel, safe and sound, it is not even midnight, but you want us to go out to Bourbon street for a nightcap 鈥?ABSOLUTELY UNBELIEVEABLE!鈥?br/>Sorry for the rant, but they have to re-think their priorities if they ever want my business again. Please take heed of this review and plan your travel accordingly. Especially you frequent Marriott guests who have grown to expect service in line with the local environment.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	-1	2	2	-1	

<Author>d467
<Content>A Very Good Place to Stay The Marriot Convention Center is a hotel that I will highly recommend. Everyone at the check- in counter was polite and courteous. Check-in was a breeze, I did not have to wait. My room was immaculate, everything was clean and in order.The beds are like none other, they are sooo comfortable. The bathroom was great and you get Bath and Body Works toiletries.The convention center is right across the street, so this is a perfect place to stay if you are attending a convention here. This hotel is within walking distance or a taxi ride from Bourbon St. But you will appreciate the peace and tranquility when you are trying to get some sleep. I did not eat in the hotel's restaurant.The hotel's rate are not bad either.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Camalot50
<Content>Marriott Lives Up to Its Name Four college friends wanted to visit NOLA for the food, fun and make our contribution to tourism. I was assigned the task toselect a hotel. I checked the internet and considered boutique types and chains; French Quarter, Riverfront or Arts/Garden District were our choices. We hit the jack pot at the Marriott Convention Center since it gave us easy walking access to EVERYTHING! 5 minutes from the casino, 15 mins to Bourbon Street and 30 minutes to the far end of the French Quarter.First, the hotel is very clean and looks like a recent upgrade. The price was unbelievable for a Marriott. Front desk staff was helpful and friendly. Concierge assisted with a tour and restaurant suggestions. Our request for extra bathroom linens was responded to almost immediately by housekeeping. Our 15th floor view of the River was calming upon rising in the morning and breathtaking at night.During our walks, we saw the location of several hotels we considered. Final analysis, our Marriott was away from the crowds but close enough to feel connected. This Marriott should be rated higher in Trip Advisor. I am a Marriott, Hilton and Holiday Inn Frequent Guest because of business travel so I have stayed in more than a few hotels.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NCMagnolia
<Content>Very nice hotel and location I just returned from a convention in New Orleans where I stayed at this hotel for 4 nights. I had a wonderful stay! The bed was just heavenly! The staff were all very courteous and helpful. The room was kept clean and we were given extra towels when we asked. The location was perfect for us as our convention was in the convention center right across the street. One morning it was raining quite heavily when I exited the hotel and the very nice doorman actually walked me across the street under his large umbrella. Service with a smile!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Conventiongoer
<Content>Not worth the money This hotel only has 2 redeeming qualities: the location (directly across from the convention center) and the Wolfe's restaurant. The food and service were excellent. The housekeeping was bad: I had leftover soap from the previous occupant in the shower, the furniture was dusty, vacuuming was done only in the traffic areas, there was clothing in the dresser left from a previous occupant, plus I had a carefully hidden watch stolen from my room. Even though I put a do not disturb sign on my door, housekeeping insisted on pounding on my door every morning at 7:30am. The place seems highly understaffed. Certainly not worth the high price that I paid. I will lor other accomodations should business bring me to NOLA again.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KingwoodTRVL
<Content>Great hotel in New Orleans My wife and I decided to stay at the New Orleans Marriott Convention Center during Jazzfest this past weekend as it was closer to a couple of restaurants we wanted to try in the Warehouse District (Cochon and Emeril's). This area of town has seemed to grow better each time we visit New Orleans. The hotel is a gem in this part of New Orleans. It is the first time we have stayed here and will do so the next time we are in New Orleans. We were greeted by a very friendly doorman who called himself Bruce Almighty! He gave us great information about how to enjoy the city during Jazzfest weekend. The staff seemed to bend over backwards in order to take care of our needs. We loved the personal touches in our guest rooms by the housekeeper. The hotel was very busy however, the staff made us feel like we were the only ones there. The hotel is decorated very nicely and the rooms and beds are great. I think this hotel is a newer hotel in the city. Overall, this hotel has a great location in the Warehouse/Arts area of New Orleans. It is also located directly across from the Convention Center. We notice that the Carnival Cruise ships also dock across the street from the hotel.We also thought New Orleans was very clean. After hearing stories of crime and a dirty city, my expecations were not that high of the city. Most of the people we spoke to say that most of this is just the medias take on this city. Jazzfest was great! We look forward to Jazzfest and Mardi Gras next year!!!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WeeklyTraveler54
<Content>There are better places in NOLA Good conference rooms for large group.But the hotel can not handle it when it comes to house keeping. The bar was really bad. We had to find some place else to go because the service was so poor. When to comes to NOLA service, this place was not what you would expect.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>carravan
<Content>Attended mtg at conv ctr Stayed due to conveninece to conv center. It is more like a new suburban marriott hotel than a city hotel. Staff is friendly. rooms are comfortable, have the new marriott bedding. Bar is comfortable, watched NFL AFC championship game there. Room service was fast once, slow another time. If you don't want to mees w a long shuttle or cab to the convention center, it is a good way to go. You don't get the french qtr feel here. It is a quick cab ride to get there. we felt safe in the city, don't listen to all the negative media about murders, muggings, etc. USe your street smarts and you'll be fine in this quirky, neat city. Great place to dine and party. Had a very good steak at Dickie Brennans iun the quarter.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>dterry11
<Content>Oasis in the City Where do I start! This hotel was an oasis in the city. The staff was beyond compare! From the restaurant chefs to the security personnel, everyone was amazing. Moses was a ray of sunshine everyday. His smile literally brightened the lobby. Nothing was too much to ask of them. Friendly and professional yet down to earth. We were staying there while other high profile clients were there and we never felt neglected. In fact we felt they were treating us as high profile clients! The rooms were immaculately clean and the beds heavenly! Location was great for us. Across the street from the Riverwalk shops and dining and cruise ship terminal. Also about 10-15 min walk to Bourbon Street. We always felt safe walking to and from Bourbon Street and the French Quarter whether day or night. The hotel restaurant was too fancy and expensive for us for dinner but there was a nice restaurant one block down, Mulatte's, that was great. The hotel restaurant did have a nice buffett breakfast for $13/person. which was excellent and included made to order omelets. Parking was $25 a day (Ouch!)!!! They only have valet parking but I was told you could request an alternate location to park your car (probably across the street at the Riverwalk which still had a parking fee). Parking was included in our package so it wasn't a big deal but would have been if it wasn't included. Taxes can also be a little pricey if not prepared. Not sure if that's a New Orleans tax or just a Marriott tax. Overall a great hotel with great staff but we have no desire to return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Daylady
<Content>Overpriced My husband and I stayed at this hotel while bringing our son back to Tulane. The hotel is nice but not worth the $219 a night we paid to stay there...plus $24 parking and another $20 in taxes. Friends of ours chose The Windsor Court and paid $180 a night. And I should mention that the room was only cleaned every third day, we paid $18 for two drinks in the bar and there was no room service or conceirge. I know they are short staffed as New Orleans residents return but I truly thought this hotel was overpriced.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Suite Find near Convention Center I just returned from a second stay at the Marriott Springhill Suites. It has a great location near the convention center and I recognized the friendly staff from my previous visit a year ago. Request a room off the courtyard for a quiet location without street noise. Breakfast is included with a choice of make-your-own waffles, homemade oatmeal, assorted breakfast pastries, yogurt and fruit. A separate courtyard includes a small immaculate swimming pool, indoor exercise room and jacuzzi. For great rates this summer go to marriott.com and check out special offers. I highly recommend this property.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

