<Author>SingaporeCliff
<Content>Average Stayed at the Legian, after spending three nights at Chedi Club at Tanah Gajah. The stay at Legian proved to be quite a disappointment.The BadThe rooms are extremely dated and old. The water pressure in the shower was extremely low. The ground floor door could not be locked (had to call them to fix it, for security reasons). Musky smell. Do not eat the Sate Club across the street. It was recommended by the receptionist. The prices are exorbitant.The GoodThe beach (simply fantastic). That is the best part of the hotel. It has got fantastic views at sunset. Most people had to go to Ku De Ta to look at the sunset, I did mine on the bed facing the beach, with a bottle of Moet (Rose). That was priceless. The food (yummy). The staff at the restaurant/pool area (attentive).I guess part of the disappointment was that I came to Legian after spending three nights at the Chedi Club. The service standards/amenities/benefits of the two hotels are world's apart.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	2	1	5	3	2	4	-1	

<Author>Bee-and-Ace
<Content>Top Class!       Flower arrangement in the bath tub  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Indian_Masala
<Content>Perfect Hotel...You must go!       Compliments of the hotel - afternoon Tea  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonLock
<Content>Perfect honeymoon (Part 1) at the Legian       The Legian beachfront  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DRKR
<Content>Legian Club is a bliss We stayed at the Legian Club for a week at the beginning of a Bali trip. It is located behind the Legian Hotel (and next door to the Samaya), just a 30sec. walk over the street. Like in most GHM properties, many things are free of charge (laundry, mini-bar). But the Legian Club also had a restaurant-lounge, where all drinks were free (we drunk out the red house wine, it was finished the last day...) and they serve free canapees, bakery ect, very pleasant. Personal butler was very special, ours (Radit谩) was one of the best we ever had. Also our 4-years daughter, which is usually very shy, loved him from the 2nd day. Only negative was the not-changing menu in the Club restaurant, where we ended eating each day because of the free wine. Spoken to the manager, he promised too change this. Beach is great, a little away from the crowds, big waves and fantastic sunsets; beach service was also great. Spa is fantastic, over the expectations. All in all the Legian Club is highly recommended to those who want a lot of privacy (each villa is absolute secluded) and pampering (butler, pool, lobby). The main hotel - half the price of the club (and looks a bit like the Lemuria/Seychelles) - is a good choice for those who love the ocean views from the room and don麓t mind not to live in separate villas. All in all the Legian it is a grat choice, but dont forget to move to other places in the real Bali (e.g. Matahari Beach/Permutaran, Chedi Club/Ubud or Amankila. For beginning or ending of a Bali trip we would absolutely come back.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MaericaDizon
<Content>Great stay Nice clean hotel. They were supposed to pick us up at the airport but had to catch a cab there instead.Hotel is very modern with wi-fi available in many areas including our room. Room itself was spacious enough, but bathroom is very TINY but clean as well. Closet is also vry TINY. Pictures by other reviewers are accurate. Pool is nice but shallow.Breakfast buffet is great.Overall a great value and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>geelow
<Content>The Legian is the best resort ever.... My 1st trip to Bali and got to stay at the best resort on the Island! It was awesome in everyway. The staff where excellent and attention to detail was wondeful. Our room was amazing, very roomy and comfortable. Cleaned beautifully everyday. I would find it hard to stay anywhere else when I return to Bali which I intend to do as soon as I save enough!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SnazzyUK
<Content>Wonderful romantic hotel Stayed here as the second part of my honeymoon, what a wonderful hotel. Upon arrival the staff upgraded us to a huge suite which was lovely. The suite itself had beautiful furniture, we particularly likes the voile curtains around the bed, Very romantic!The hotel facilities were very good, we used the spa and found it to be very relaxing.We spent every day lounging on the huge bed like sun loungers on the beach - the hawkers can be a bit irritating but the security at the hotel soon move them on if they become a nuisance.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maturetraveller_7
<Content>Hotel Par Excellence My wife and i stayed at this hotel from 9 to 18 September and could not speak more highly of the quality of the hotel, the attention to detail,the level of service and the absolutely excellent staff.If you are looking for a quiet, relaxing break in first class surrounds we could not recommend a better place in Bali.The hotel runs a free shuttle service to Kouta and there are many good restaurants within walking distance ie 10 to 15 mins BUT watch the prices as $100 plus Australian for 2 is common and wines are expensive on top of that.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BintangFrankfurt
<Content>It doesn't get better than this! Our fourth stay at this hotel and everytime it gets better. Staff excellent from housekeeping to restaurant. Rooms renovated and now with new flat screen tvs.If you want to tour the island at a reasonable price and safely with polite english speaking driver in air conditioned car then ask for local transport and driver Sami at the hotel reception.Plenty of good restaurants near hotel but the best for Indian food fanactics is Gateway of India in Jalan Dana Purain in Seminyak (only a 1Euro taxi ride from hotel)We are already planning the next visit.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TandTSwitzerland
<Content>Very good hotel! Located in the middle of Seminyak, surrounded by other hotels, clubs etc - and this is one of the only downsides: you are not in a quiet area here, you can here the KuDeTa music and other noise....but if you like fun around you then you are fine here!The hotel has great rooms, large, nice decoration, staff is very attentive and helpful, and the manager is always around asking you if you need anything - very appreciated!Food is good.The garden and pool is nice, but on the smaller side, as you have your sunchair next to each other, so not much privacy - but again you come here for fun, otherwise you go to other parts of Bali!Very good hotel, would definitely come back if I was looking for fun!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>GIORGOSskg
<Content>Just perfect We stayed one week at this beautiful Hotel .....we were one week looking around for a Hotel in Bali and we found the best Hotel of BALI. Pity that we lost one week of our Holidays but we prefer to look around before booking an expensive package trip and be dissapointed.We stayed at room 333 with a fantastic view and a fantastic service.The room ( was a suite like all the rooms) big ,very big,the biggest i ever had.I recommend this Hotel to everybody(singles and couples) cause its so beautifulbut dont book the club its behind the main building and has no view.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>ajhli
<Content>Wow, Beach House! We had a wonderful time in Legian. We spent one night at their superior one bedroom suite which was so spacious and with a stunning ocean view. The we moved to the beach house and stayed 3 nigths there. The beach house was perfect in everyway, so romantic yet so convenient. We had our private infinity pool and private ocean access, and two very friendly butlers. On my husband's birthday, they lit up candles and put rose pedals all over the villa, and arranged private balanese dance and music for us. We were truely treated as royalties. It was pricey, but it really worthed it. We enjoyed our stay so much and would recommend the beach house to everybody.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissResort
<Content>Amazing Amazing Amazing       breakfast  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>10179k79
<Content>perfect hotel with true style The Legian is a hotel that has a true, natural style and class rarely found today with so many new places trying to be hip. The design is contemporary and balinese without being overstyled or tacky. The staff is 100% professionally trained, genuinely friendly, unintrusive, and never give the impression of being after a tip. The food is excellent, both local and western, very diverse and among the best ever had in many hotels in Bali. The only negative thing that can be said is that some details in the rooms are slightly worn and in need of updating -- the hotel is starting to show its age. But this still somehow adds to the character.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jtois
<Content>Great Rating for the Legian The Legian - Bali is an outstanding hotel --- the room, the accomodations, the staff were exceptional. I was travelling solo in Bali for the week and the hotel staff went out of their way to welcome me and ensure my comfort.The room was beautifully understated --- lovely Balinese/Asian style with a veranda complete with teak furniture -- table, chairs, chaise loungues. Spa style bathroom with full amenities. There was also a small kitchenette stocked with tea, coffee, drinks and snacks, a fridge. For starters, I was greeted at the airport by their driver, who had cold water and chilled towels to refresh me after my flight. When I arrived at the hotel, I was greeted with a fresh fruit cocktail, additional chilled facial towels while I was checked in.I had a private suite on the ground floor -- in a private corner by lovely water gardens overlooking a temple. When I entered the room, the staff had lit incense and had some lovely Balinese- style new age music playing. They had set up a tray of fresh sushi, fresh fruits along with a iced bucket of champagne. I was impressed and to tell the truth, sorry that I had only myself to enjoy the experience with. The fruit basket was replenished daily with jack fruit, snake fruit, bananas, passion fruits ...The grounds were equally lovely, as was the spa (though quite expensive --- you would do better to go to the local spas in Seminyak --- they are excellent, clean and inexpensive. That said, you can't beat the convenience of the on site spa and their staff is excellent.The food was fantastic --- I skipped the am brunch and asked the staff to prepare Balinese dishes for me -- I was delighted with the food. I had martabak --- it's almost like an egg strudel --- thin layers of seasoned eggs in won ton type wrappers; each day the staff prepared a special dish for me. The staff respected my privacy and at the same time went out of their way to socialize --- I think they were a bit perplexed as to why I was travelling alone --- and maybe felt a bit sorry for me.The Legian is right on the beach and it is a spectacular beach. It's easy to go horseback riding, rent surf boards, boogie boards, etc there. Also wonderful for simply walking the beach or going for a swim -- though the surf is very strong there. Outside the Ku-De-Tah (next door restaurant/bar) there is usually a surf line up. Even if you don't surf -- its fun to watch the others catching the waves.So, if there were any negatives, it would be that the Legian could be a bit sedate --- the other guests were families, couples and not very sociable or inclined to conversations. I travel extensively by myself and usually meet people to dine with or for drinks --- not the case here. The lounge at the Legian was very quiet as was the ocean side bar. That said, the ocean side bar had beautiful sunsets.I would definitely recommend the Legian for couples and even families, also for solo travellers who enjoy privacy, rest  relaxation.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Radha108
<Content>Fabuolus People  This hotel  its staff are just wonderful. I took my parents, my father was sick, i did not know if he would make it. So i wantedthis trip to be soooo perfect as i migh not get another shot.I am not wealthy, but i splashed out on this hotel  it was worth every single penny. The staff are so genuinely warm  welcoming. The room actually it was a huge suite, bigger than my home, was on the ocean front! It was simple heaven.Breakfast is amazing  its was simply breathless. It took me a while to just believe it was so wonderful.I know holidays are expensive, so please trust me you will NOT to disappointed. If you have any concerns please email me with a telephone numbers  i can tell you more. I will also ne more than happy to send you pics as for reason i cannot upload them on this website!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Diving-Doc1
<Content>Legian Bali We Stayed in the Legian Bali Beginning of December 07. Don't confuse the Legian Bali with the Legian Beach Hotel big mistake. The Legain is a 3 story building. The view is really partial ocean view because of some trees but no big deal. My wife and i were upgraded to a 2 bedroom suite which was huge. The only TV is in the living room and it's smaller at that... No T.V. in bedrooms but the cable TV does have some English speaking channels. I complained about the early morning sun coming into the bedroom through the venetian Blinds (because of my jet lag and time changes). In 30 minutes maintenance was in our room placed a heavy curtain over the slated or venetian blinds- great service!!! The breakfast (make sure it's included in your rate) is unbelievable you'll try wonderful different foods and you'll probably be about to skip lunch. The spa (massages) is great and reasonable, yes you can go Body Works Spa around the corner for 1/2 the cost. The concierge- Jay Wijaya is excellent he arranged everything perfectly. The food at the Legian for dinner was beautiful with the torches and the moon light reflecting off the pools. The restaurant Ku De Ta (KDT) is a 5 minute walk its crowded but 1/2 the price of the Legian. Other restaurants to consider are La Luciola, Biossom, Mozaic but nothing is going to beat the Sanitary conditions of the Legian. A few guest inferred they got Bali Belly eating at some of the Local eateries. The second half of the trip we stayed in the Legian club across the street ( not beach front). In the private villas with your own butler, concierge, musicians, private pool, free happy hours, breakfast, alcohols, champagne a car with a driver!!! The villas at the club are very Romantic with no detail excluded. On our 25th wedding anniversary a large cake was provided with rose petals bath for two and candles throughout the villa and more champagne all at no charge. The Oberoi is 2 minute walk along the beach. We looked at it and it's all villas were as the Legian is a hight rise (3stories). The Oberoi is beautiful too but the beach front pool and patio area at the Legion is really nice. Both Hotels sit on the same long wide black sandy beach. You really couldn't go wrong with staying at either the Oberoi or Legian. Keep in mind the villas roofs at the Oberoi are thatch or straw. Just research the hotel you are staying at. If you stay at the Four Seasons in Kuta on Jimbaron Bay you get to hear and see jets take off daily till 8 pm. The Rite-Carlton is on a high cliff and has steep steps down to a small beach and so on. In the market areas usually they want 1/2 the price they initially offer?? They do bargain!! One last note we bought beautiful wood carvings decided to ship the three statues back along with our scuba gear. UPS quoted $1100 and DHL quoted $700. So you go with DHL, Right. When I get home, DHL says there are some additional charges for Fumigation, wood crating, custom fees for a total of $1200. The three statues were only worth $146 but they have our scuba gear worth $4000 also, so you pay what they want. Followed up a trip with three nights stay in Singapore at the Raffles Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulrc
<Content>faultless! 3rd time at the club, and again couldn't find anything to fault. Our Butler Rabika was attentive, helpful and ensured we were well taken care of across the island.Highly recemmend it to all!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>voyager2voyage
<Content>wow what an amazing hotel Just come back from the mosy idyllic stay at The Legian. All the prior raving reviews were right. It has the best service I have had at any hotel around the world. Nice little touches that other hotels get so wrong. The staff are impeccible. The hotel was prefectly situated so that you could get to all the restaurants and bars in a very short cab trip. Super chilled and just about the best stay I have ever had. I can't reccomend it enough. To those who have said they didn't like their stay I just can't believe they went tothe right hotel.If you are thinking of going...think no more... just book it...you'll love it.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmalux
<Content>Great place but a bit of updating would do wonders       Hotel beach  
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>TJE35
<Content>Simply; "Outstanding"!!!!! We spent 10 nights of our honeymoon at the Legian (18th-28th Sept 07), and I can sum it up in one word, outstanding. I picked the Legian after careful research, and it was worth it. The hotel is in a great position, and as with other reviews on here, room, pools, layout, beach etc, all to a modern 5* standard.The difference with the Legian though, what makes it so much better than other 5* hotels, is the staff. They couldn't do enough for you. There was loads of staff, but managed to be almost invisiable, unless you needed anything and then they were immediately attentive, constantly smiling, and they all make an effort to know your name. It didn't matter who you spoke to, they would book restaurants, take drinks orders, whatever you needed. And always with a beaming smile. The staff really set this hotel aprt from other 5* hotels.As mentioned in other reviews, the hotel provides a list of recommended restaurants, and every one was excellent, with most just a short walk away.I cannot recommend this hotel enough, from the ipods in your room (including the BOSE ipod stereo), to the spa (heaven!), the intimate dining (a must!), the infinity pools, the beds overhanging the beach, the Bali BBQ, the little gift in your room each night, but most of all, the staff. They really made the difference!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Madge1
<Content>Fabulous position! Am waiting at HongKong airport having just left Bali and wanted to leave a review of this fantastic hotel. It was partly chosen after reading all the excellent reports and they were all borne out. We stayed at the Legian for 10 nights breaking it up for 2 nights to stay in Ubud which made a nice contrast. The staff and service are amazing without being intrusive, the rooms are very confortable and well designed, in fact everything has been well thought out and all your needs catered for! What I particularly liked was the fact that you could eat out at a different restaurant every night (Kudeta, Breeze, The Living Room, Lucciolas, L'ultima) and walk to most . The shopping was amazing, with boutiques, jewellery, handicrafts a short and very reasonable taxi ride away or walking 20 min if you can stand the heat! The beach was perfect for long walks and bodyboarding. The hotel also arranged for a two hour horse ride at Umalas which included one hour on the beach which I would recommend, lovely horses and superb stables. The Spa was great, the breakfasts were incredible and I will miss the water melon juices and crispy bacon overlooking the infinity pool and pounding surf! The lighting in the bathrooms could be a bit brighter but apparently they are going to make some improvements in the new year. We loved Bali, this hotel, and will definitely return.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>globalUk
<Content>As promised... Stayed for a week (Sept 21st - 28th 2007 ) as part of Asia honeymoon... and this hotel delivered.... we were looking for a chill out week after BKK and SIN and everything at the Legian was superb. I find it hard to comprehend the negative experience of the last post... perhaps if you have the right mind set then any small niggles seem unimportant...(or in fact are not even noticed...). We are experienced travellers, know what to look for, know what to expect relative to outlay and frankly the Legian was spot on. The staff were the most noticable asset... not only attentive and professional but naturally kind and friendly...the setting is imaculate, the food fautless...and the room was magical. We had been in suites in Oriental in BKK and Intercon in SIN but whilst smaller the suites at the Legian were asthetically better and totally relaxing. We are discreet guests and certainly not demanding but service at the Legian was second to none. Management was evident but not intrusive. Security was a comfort but not overbearing. No negatives at all (well, apart from the idiots who come to a haven like this and spend all day on mobile phones in restaurant and poolside...they look and sound so stupid...get a life...). Don't hesitate to visit this hotel...we are going back...  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>starlight80
<Content>Disappointed We stayed there for our honeymoon for a week from the end of July. We had chosen the hotel carefully as we had asked for somewhere relaxing and not very busy. Unfortunately the hotel was very busy and on a couple of occasions we couldn't even get a sunbed. The pool guys had to create beds for us on the lawn below the pool. Our suite was big and having paid for a deluxe ocean view suite, that's what we thought we'd be getting. However, there were trees covering most of the view from our balcony, which was hugely disappointing. There always seemed to be something to fix in the room, twice the air conditioning packed up, the lights weren't working, the toilets didn't flush.The only plus for this hotel was the amazing beach and its staff, who were excellent, very friendly and helpful. It's very overpriced and the restaurant isn't that great. Having read all the great reviews on this site we thought it would be fantastic, but seem to have had a very bad experience. It's not something you need on your honeymoon. We spent a night at the Oberoi Bali and that was so peaceful and relaxing we were kicking ourselves not to have spent the week there. (It was also a lot cheaper). The Legian looked like a busy hotel the moment we got there, with standard European hotel architecture.We will not be returning to the Legian.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>eilrahc
<Content>Amazed again by incredible Legian After arriving for the fifth time at The Legian Seminyak the always friendly faces instantly reminded us why we can not go on holiday anywhere else in Asia.1. The position of the Legian is situated inbetween the coolest restaurants and bars in Seminyak, KU DE TA , La Luciola and the newly opened Blossom at Seminyak, I am not talking Ibiza style bars with english gits swilling there beer around but cool euro crowds. Not to mention great boutiques2. The hotel accomodation is huge we stayed in one bedroom this time but the studio is gorgeous with cool balinese furniture,ipods ,bose sound system and daybeds on balcony.3. The facilites and hotel grounds are imaculate the day spa is like heaven and if your not up to payng too much Bodyworks around the corner will safice for a quarter of the price.4.The staff are incredible they are what makes this hotel my choice of hotel every year. There warmth and integrity is amazing they never cease to amaze me. You literally do not have to do anything. Pool concierge will organise your day so don't worry about losing precious sun hours.So as I write from Sala Samui on Koh Samui where we went after our one week at The Legian ( thought we would try someting different ) Book The Legian you will not be sorry , don't let anyone tell you Koh Samui is cool Bali is.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>American_in_Italy
<Content>Wonderful chill out experience       private terrace  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MDAP
<Content>Lebian Ideal I am not a fan of Bali nor beach side resorts, so a visit to Bali for a conference was not my actual preference. Fortunately we decided to stay at the The Legian (whilst the conference was held at the Sofitel.) The hotel delivers all that it says it will and I was suprised with the efficiancy of the staff, the politeness of the staff and the smooth manner in which the hotel operated. The rooms are excellent and truly large (mine had three balconies all overlooking the ocean.) The poolside area, access to the beach and other areas are all excellent. Staff eager to organise everything and responded efficiently to all requests. I found lazing at the pool with wireless internet connection a surprise that was helped along with great staff, chilled wine and friendly smiles. I would recommend the Legian to anyone - it truly delivers.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FlyingAway2
<Content>Absolutely Fantastic! We went to Bali for our honeymoon and selected the Legian based on the wonderful reviews we read on Trip Advisor and other sites. We were not disappointed in the least bit. The hotel is absolutely stunning and we were lucky that it was not very packed the 5 days we were there. It is located right on Seminyak beach which does not have a lot of tourists. It is minutes away from some great restaurants and a 5 min taxi ride to the wonderful restaurants  shops. The staff were wonderful, extremely helpful and always smiling. The rooms were beautiful, comfortable, modern and very large. The pool and grounds are stunning - pure relaxation. Every day you come back to your room to notes from staff along with a treat (dessert) or snack. I was sick our first few days and the hotel called a doctor for us, gave us food on the house and followed up daily to see how I was feeling. For those who are thinking of staying at the Club Legian, it is located across the road and we were actually shocked to see that the people who stay at these high-end villas have to cross the street to share the same amenities like the pool, restaurants etc with those staying at the Legian. Everything you see on the website for the hotel is what you get - I always think that hotel websites show only the good but there are no misleading pictures. I would upload some of our pics but unfortunately they are all over 2MB.The only downside to the Legian was the food - we ate dinner at the hotel the first 2 days and it was very disappointing. Not only do you pay 4 times the amount, but the food was not very good. You'll find much better food of the resort for a third of the price. Breakfast was the only meal where you were guaranteed to want more - a great selection and lots to choose from. If we went back to Bali, we would stay at the Legian in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>mkw61
<Content>Loved it lots My Wife  I have a small high pressure business in perth  after 3 years of no breaks decided for a 7 winter day break in Bali I choose the legion because of its location to Kuta  and boutique statusIt did not let me down the rooms were definatley 5 star without the pretentious western 5 star feel  the gardens were out of a designers magazine the service was terrific and the food sensational We could walk along the beach to Kuta takes a good 3/4 hour or 10 min to the great array of shops in seminyak That sexy waterfront Bar Restaurant Ku de ta just down the road is a added bonusChilli crab night was ab fab shame we were not at the Hotel for the BBQ Seafood Night on the Friday ( next time)The Day Spa was a lovely haven for my wife to chill outThe G.M introduced himself  thanked us for coming  made sure our stay was comfortable but he need not worry his loyal team looked after us like they had shares in the placeGreat job guys  we will sing your praises from Perth W.ANote : Ideal place for couples you get what you pay for and we will be back next time i need to destress.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ccrr77fr
<Content>less good than in the past The Legian where we usually stay in the south of Bali has been one of our favourite hotel but unfortunately, the level of quality is less and less good...If the staff is still extremly helpful, nice and professionnal (each member of the staff uses your family name to say hello and it's very appreciable), if the location is still one of the most amazing (the beach just in front of your eyes for some stunning views) and if the cuisine is still very good (even if the Executive Chef had moved, the new one is excellent as well...), The Legian starts to be a bit old and the maintenance is not so great, not what we expect in a five stars resort.Rooms design is not actual anymore and if you want to have black out for sleeping, avoid this hotel because most of the wood curtains are broken and it's strictly impossible to sleep correctly because there is always the light from outside.I've been a bit surprised nobody has changed a broken light in the bathroom and it wasn't possible to stop the one in the entry (i've been obliged to call somebody at 11pm... not so comfortable...)OK, some people love the very large suites but if you have to pay the full price, it's absolutely over rated... Fortunately, i've had an industry rate because for the full price, i think it's better to stay at Amanusa or The Bal茅 in Nusa Dua or at The Sandi Phala in Tuban but The Legian is lucky because there is not a lot of options in SeminyakThe main reason why i don't recommand The Legian is due to the management. I've been considered as a liar because i've dared to complain about the comfort and the GM has been very disgraceful with me... So unfortunate...When you'll go to Bali, just avoid this hotel...  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>3	1	2	5	4	4	5	2	

<Author>LBeer
<Content>Best hotel ever.. Visited the Legian in Feb 07 - amazing hotel... great service, great location, fantastic room (deluxe suite) which had a wonderful view with a double bed on the balcony - great selection of toiletries.. even candles and incense.. They even provided a beach bag fur use during your stay ! The food was awesome - especially the breakfasts. The ambience is relaxed. Loved the double beds on the beach... and the complimentary water..Really a luxurious gorgeous hotel.. Great for honeymooners, couples but child friendly..  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>luxestyle
<Content>Excellent location, big beautiful suites       Surfers in front of Legian  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mrescobar
<Content>Superb Absolutely fantastic hotel with great panoramic view of the ocean. Excellent service and staff. Restaurant is not really exciting but there are more than enough (and a lot cheaper!) in the area including the most famous one KDT just around the corner. But really, the service was really the best part.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dommine
<Content>great great time at the legian       Ocean view from third floor  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dhmd
<Content>Loved it Excellent hotel, loved our stay in Nov 2005. Would definitely recommend. Good bits: Good value for money $260. Amazing rooms (got a suite, can't remember which one), best I've ever stayed in, very sleek, huge, ipods, bose sound system, walk in shower  bath. Lovely pool. Great pool service with towels and water. Double loungers. Could borrow boogie boards. Good restaurants nearby.Not so good. Rush for the shaded double loungers, seemingly kept in reserve by the pool boys. Pricey food. Beach not as good as Indian Ocean.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Pinkskybluesky
<Content>Great service, love the beach, the wave and the sunset The Legian is definitely one of the best hotels I have ever stayed so far.... When we arrived, the staff directly served us with a very refreshing fresh fruit juice and cold towels, which was perfect for the hot weather. We had to wait for like an hour before the room was ready but we were not bored at all since we get to wait in the lounge where the beach was just lovely..... We got the top floor room where you can get privacy with a great view of the sea. We got a welcome package which consist of fruits, delicous welcome snacks and flowers, what an excellent way to start a holiday.The location is very strategic since you get to enjoy the civilisation (its walking distance to many good restaurant and cafes) and the quiet beach. We also went to Kuta to experience that famous place, but I really feel like going back to Seminyak since Kuta is really full of vendors offering loging, cars, etc.I can never forget the beach and the wave and you also get to enjoy the fabulous sunset. There is a life guard and several security people who were very alert to keep the beach private. We play body surf everyday, the wave is just great, a surfer paradise. The two tier pool was perfection.We also tried having dinner in the Legian restaurant and at that time we really want to try the satay which was only available for lunch but the chef was willing to cook it specially for us. Although the price was a bit on the high side comparing to the meal.The massage is a must try, we took a package that consist The Legian Massage, body scrub, body mask, foot massage and flower bath... It was to die for.... I was so relaxed that I don't want to walk back to the hotel room. The Legian massage was done by 2 person massaging your body together and the foot massage was really enjoyable. The body mask was warm, unlike other place where the body mask is cold and u get to enjoy the flower bath after that. But the massage is something you have to try.The concierge was really helpful and remember us by name, in fact most of the staff remember our names. The concierge also help us to book a car to Ubud, provide very good reccomendation of restaurants around the area. The service was excellent.All and all.... it was a great stay and we will definitely come back there for holiday... After I came back to my country, I couldn't get use to waking up looking at walls instead of the sea and that I cannot see the sunset from my apartment.... It took me a week to get used to the fact that I am not at The Legian anymore.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>hwilkinson
<Content>Loving Legian We considered several other luxury hotels like Four Seasons and Ritz Carlton but finally decided on The Legianand we didn't regret it one single bit. Even my husband who is not the do nothing, just chill type has promised to be back! Right from the moment we pulled up till the time we got into our cab, the service above all had been awesome. Staff was genuinely friendly and helpful without being in your face. Our bags (as did the canapes and champagne on ice) arrived almost as soon as we entered our rooms thus not leaving us hanging around, waiting to unpack. They were always happy to chat but know when to leave you. At the pool the staff was quick with the towels and the refreshing mist sprays. Glasses were consistently topped up with iced water.Our huge and luxurious one bedroom deluxe suite was on the gound floor which meant that our 14 mth old daughter could run around on the lawn with us watching nearby. The suite's terrace had a daybed where we whiled our afternoons with a good book, a game of Scrabble and a glass in hand. Breakfasts were scrummy though we can't comment on the menu if one chose to dine in as we went to the nearby restaurants just within walking distance of the hotel.It was my brithday on the last day of our stay and at breakfast, the staff came with a card, a cake and another bottle of champagne, so that was a really nice surprise!On one of the days, we had ordered some pasta for our daughter and had found a tiny pice of metallic thread and brought this to the attention of the manager who promised to look into the matter. True enough, five minutes later, we received a call with bagloads of apologies from them saying that they found the thread to be part of the scouring pad and offered a 50% discount on one of our nights' stay. To be honest we were just very impressed that matters were dealt with very quickly and in our experience of 5* hotels, it is still hard to find a Legian-quality and level of service. Our trip to Bali this time was not a sightseeing one; rather it was meant to be a totally relaxing retreat. And The Legian made it just that! Even with a toddler in tow!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Larry76
<Content>One of the Best Hotels I've Ever Stayed My friend and I decided to head to Bali at the last minute in early Octobver 2006 after originally planning to go to Phuket. We originally wanted to stay at the Intercontinental at Jimabaran Beach given the reasonable price and all the great reviews. However, it was booked, so we decided to stay at The Legian which we had read about here. The Legian was also the top ranked hotel in Bali in our Luxe high end travel guide which we have relied on all over Asia (and it is rarely wrong).The Legian exceeded all of our expectations. My friend and I had a two bedroom suite with a huge living room, kitchen, balcony and two enormous bathrooms. The beach was quiet and clean. the two-tiered pool was perfect. Weather was awesome for 6 straight days. Hotel service was top notch and as good as I have seen (with the possible exception of several hotels in Thailand). My friend and I had the best week of our lives in Bali and our experience at The Legian was a significant reason why.The Legian is fairly quiet but that is what we were looking for after heading out on the town every night. I am not sure why anyone would stay anywhere else in Bali. Seminyak has the best restaurants and is most convenient to everything. The Legian is small but offers all the amenities of the more well known hotels. Paying three times as much to stay at the Four Seasons is just not worth it. I've stayed all over the world in the nicest hotels and I can honestly say that The Legian was one of my favorites.-- Laurence, New York City  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Spore76
<Content>Fantastic Everything about this hotel is wonderful. Best location in Bali. Beach is clean and beautiful. Hotel staff is nice and helpful. Can't say enough good things about the experience. Will definitely go back again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amanvari
<Content>Chilled sophisticated I stayed at this hotel while on business in Bali as my dealings were to be conducted only 10 minutes from the hotel. The overall experience and ambience is superb. Located on the beach with two splendid rim flow infinity edge pools which frame the sea view, this is a true slice of chic paradise. From the welcome iced champagne and fruit combo sushi to the most spacious rooms, decorated with first class modern mother of pearl, carefully honed tropical woods and terrazzo finishes. The ipod and Bose surround system with ghm's own CD music added a sublime touch. After a stressful business day I was able to chill with ipod, glass of wine on one of the beauftful benches placed on elevated plinths just above the beach while watching achingly beautiful sunsets.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dan19_perkins
<Content>Legian lovely but boring!! We stayed in the legian for 9 night s at the end of august. The Hotel itself is fabulous, very classy, we stayed in a deluxe suite which i have to say was amazing. We had fantastic balcony with the seaview somewhat obstructed by a big tree but still lovely. Food is the hotel was very nice but ridiculously over priced seriously, reason for this i would imagine is because of the guests that stay there, in other words rich people apparantly models,fashion designers etc.who don't mind spending serious money, every day by the pool because their to lazy to venture out of the hotel to actually see bali but i suppose different strokes for different folks personally i understand the concept of a relaxing holiday but i like to get out and about seen as i paid so much money to get there in the first place but yes. Staff were fantastic waited on hand and foot, very polite fabulous manners. One major thing i would say is i thought there was absolutely no atmosphere in the hotel or poolside, really disappointing, everyone keeps to themselves basically no fun, which is always nice to have on your summer holiday, but we had great time on our own done the tours monkey forest a must , kudeta restaurant a must although bring your credit card cause its em pricey, bali itself wasn't that busy main reason is the bombs, peoplel afraid to come to bali but i'm sure in a year bali will be bustling with tourists again.My advice if you ever make a trustworthy contact in bali and want to go back to stay in the legian ask them to book it locally apparently its cheap in comparison to what you would pay booking from abroad. Anyways we had fantastic time would recommend bali to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>anaxoma
<Content>Trendy Beach Hotel for Honeymooners               More photos  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SebastienM
<Content>Great honeymoon       sunsets from the hotel  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JP80-Worldroamer
<Content>Impeccable! Absolutely stunning! We booked this hotel for our honeymoon.Service:路Impeccable. We could not fault it. We were referred to by our names from the time we checked it. Nothing was too much trouble and the attention to detail was incredible. We were provided home made desserts/sweets every evening and selection of fruits every morning. 路Room:Beautiful. We were booked into the deluxe suite with a separate lounge, dinning room, balcony, bedroom and bathroom. The size of each was incredible and decorated tastefully. We were provided with two I-Pods (loaded with 5000 songs), CD player, TV and DVD player (CDs and DVDs can be obtained from reception). There were even Bose speakers imbedded into the ceiling. Location:Perfect for us. We were far enough away from the hustle of Kuta (20 mins) but close to the upmarket restaurants and bars within Seminyak (less than 10 mins)  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>admglick
<Content>Exceptional service, beautiful hotel This hotel still deserves to be rated #1. The rooms are huge and exceptional. Each one has a view of the ocean and a private balcony or deck with a day bed. The bathrooms are the biggest I have ever seen (and each 1 bed suite comes with 1 1/2 baths!). The service at the hotel was also outstanding. When we arrived at breakfast in the morning, they remembered our names and our favorite table from the day before. The staff were personable and pleasant as well as incredibly helpful.The Indonesian food on the menu is exceptional (especially the reijstafel). The food was great and the atmosphere was beautiful. The western food was a bit more expensive, but still not as much as Ku de Ta.The pool is wonderful, although when I was there, there were several families from Australia who brought their young kids and they were kind of loud, so if you can help it, try not to go during a school holiday.I have stayed at many 5 star hotels and this remains my favorite!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peteandsue.turner
<Content>The Tops This property may not be aesthetically pleasing to all but it is functional and all rooms face the sea from large balconies.Our recent stay of 6 nts could not have been bettered and it is difficult to add any further positives to those that have already been said.It is a shame that people concern themselves with triviality about blinds that do not close perfectly and a two tier pricing system.This hotel is excellent and the service is second to none.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>martali
<Content>Truly wonderful hotel We booked this hotel when it was number one on tripadvisor and I was a little worried when I started to see some recent negative reviews. If you are feeling the same please take my word for it and stop!The hotel is fantastic, the rooms are simply stunning we stayed in a deluxe suite which was huge with everthing you need and more. The resorts design and feel is much like a chic city hotel, for anyone who has stayed at the sukhothai in bangkok this has a very similar ambience. All services are truly 5 star, although as other reviews mention the food and drink is overpriced but this really is not a problem as we were given lots of great dining options by the concierge, it just seems a shame that the hotels own facilities stay mainly empty.If you are planning a trip to bali I would highly recomend this and also its sister resort in ubud.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ZTRP
<Content>Nice but... Stayed there in a deluxe suite. Though the building itself is not very beautiful, the suites are huge and very well decorated. But I have had a major issue: there are no curtains in the bedroom, just old blinds that do not close properly. Being sensitive to daylight, I was woken up at sunrise every morning, which is VERY annoying. I filled in the evaluation form to indicate that problem, but did not get any response, even by email, which probably indicates that they do not care much about my comment...I will return when they install proper curtains!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>SABaliTraveller
<Content>A Stunning Hotel in Paradise Having read numerous reports on Trip Advisor about this hotel, we finally decided to book and spend five night in the middle of July.From the moment we arrived we were treated like royalty. The service was great at all times, the rooms, dining area, pool  beach were spotless - while the security was as good as it gets in Bali. The hotel (and particularly the restaurant) are expensive - but worth it. Include breakfast as part of your package, it was great with complimentary tea/coffee/and fantastic Balinese treats after 16h00.Having stayed on both sides of the Island before, I would certainly recomend the west coast - from a wind , surf, trendiness and clean beach perspective.There are numerous excellent restaurants within walking distance, and these are ridiculously cheap (even for us South Africans). The hotel is quite, close to a road, and right on the beach - if you like the sound of the ocean.I would definately go back !!!!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Heyadahl
<Content>Good as they say! As a travel professional and a newcomer to Trip Advisor, I was cautious in my assessment of reviews in planning my recent holidays. However, whilst I was planning to push the boat out for a top class hotel by staying at the Four Seasons, this web site kept drawing me to The Legian with its wonderful reviews.Having recently returned, I am can confirm that the reports are pretty spot on and its an excellent hotel in a fabulous location. The deluxe suite whilst a little old, was spacious and amenities excellent. The hotel is close to the road as mentioned in a previous review - but hardly a highway! There is little traffic to be heard - we heard more from the local dogs!The main restaurant menu is far too formal for most casual holiday appetites - and it is true that most venture to local restaurants which are excellent. Tough to find quality Indonesian restuarants recommended locally - had to travel to Nusa Dua for a touristy yet excellent meal. The security at the hotel was thorough and comforting. Whilst security concerned us in advance of our holiday - we felt secure at all times - especially at the quality restaurants and hotels.Much has been said of the management. They are low profile and I would agree they should have more of a presence in such a small hotel. The only critism is really the restaurant. With an open kitchen, I only saw the chef venture out to chat with the GM - rarely to talk to a guest. My wife is vegetarian but despite several attempts to request alternative choice, the restaurant failed to provide options. The Chedi Club were excellent in this area. Preparing options and printing a special menu. I would understand if the Legian restaurant was busy - but it was mostly empty despite reasonable occupancy levels.Overall, despite an empty restaurant - the hotel is exceptional and I would certainly return again and again. The quality of the rooms and the general ambiance is of a very high standard and the service wonderful. The location in Seminyak with an active and lively beach - close to fashionable bars and restaurants was great. A million miles from the style of nearby Kuta.Go - you won't regret it. And make sure you visit the Chedi Club too. Very stylish.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dokanman
<Content>Controversial two tier pricing I just tried booking this hotel for a six day stay in June to discover that they offer three levels of pricing - for the same product.Indonesians pay the lowest price, followed by Thais, Malaysians, Singopreans and then westerners.This is, at best opportunism, at worst overt racism. It's nothing to do with a market's ability to pay - there are no special deals for Poles and Brazilians. The last time I heard of attitudes like this was in 1933 in Europe! We're NOT staying - this is distateful and discourages us from even visiting the country.I hear they're not busy. They don't deserve to be.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected After reading the reviews for the Legian I was really eager to get to the hotel. The drive from the airport took roughly 30'. When I got to the hotel I was a bit disappointed with the architecture. The building is quite massive, doesn't blend very well with the surroundings and is quite close to the main road (30 meters).The staff was very nice during my stay but you could feel the hardship affecting everybody as people were expecting tips at every corner. The beach is not far from the hotel, roughly 50 meters and you can hear the big waves breaking on the shore.The rooms were ok, quite spacious but suffering from a decoration that betrays the past of this hotel. Suggestive paintings and carvings on the walls shocked me.The breakfast was good but the dining/in room service was quite appalling. It's not important because there are a lot of alternatives in the area.Check-in and check-out was quite efficient but I had to leave the room at noon despite my plane departing late in the evening.Overall, I was not impressed with this hotel, very expensive by the way when compared to other choices (Oberoi or villas available for rent at half the price).Lots of regulars I spoke to complained about recent changes in management of the hotel resulting in disappointment. I met the manager once during my 7 day stay and found him quite distant. An expensive but quiet hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>melita1
<Content>Perfect Paradise After nearly two weeks spent at this hotel there is no fault that we could find and believe me, we are hard to please as we are world travellers!! All the statements contained in previous reviews of this hotel we found to be correct so they don't need to be repeated.The hotel is excellently managed and staff are exceptionally good and all know your name within 24 hours of you checking in and you are always then addressed by your name. (Don't know their trick but it's clever). If you are a book reader on holiday, don't aim on reading a word if you relax on the comfortable sunbeds near the beach as the waves ( around 4mtrs high when we were there) and the surfers are so fascinating to watch that you just forget to read. . If you have children this is not a beach for paddling!! Only criticism of the hotel would be the restaurant where prices for dinner are far too high and the food quality is average. Outside the hotel we recommend highly for authentic Thai Food The Lemongrass restaurant (air conditioned )in Seminyak or for Indian food The Gateway to India also in Seminyak ( don't be put off by the outside appearance of these restaurants- the kitchens are spotlessly clean and food is fantastic). Both are a 10 minute taxi ride away from hotel which costs around 2Euros or US Dollars Security at the hotel ( and all places where tourists gather) is excellent and the Balinese people hope that the tourists will start to return to the island in greater numbers as their economy depends on them.For any of you who enjoy buying designer copy watches for a few Euros or dollars,the beach in front of the hotel is a good place to buy. For good quality we recommend Alex( look for his name printed in the display box he carries). Everything we purchased from him is still ticking!!We will certainly be returning to the Legian again later this year and recommend it to all Trip Advisor readers.  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>APLB
<Content>Club at the Legian is superb We stayed at the Club at the Legian for a week over Easter. It was superb from start to finish and quite exceptional value for money. We had car pick up at airport and arrived to wonderful villa with plunge pool and amazing butler. Whilst the Club is not on the beach like the hotel it is close by and you have all the facilities of the hotel. We used the spa which was very good. the food was outstanding and it is close to great restaurants like Kew Da Ta (sic?). Our butler could not be rated higher and wen't to no end of trouble to help us and make it a very very pleasant stay.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PNLLondon
<Content>Strongly recommended In agreement with other positive reviews of the hotel. We've just returned from a wonderful trip to Bali, which included 8 days at the Legian. Hotel is top-rate, period. We had a huge room, spacious and beautifully furnished. Main attraction for us were the wonderful staff, always attentive, friendly, and anxious to please. Still haven't worked out how everyone remembers your name! Breakfast was excellent, wonderful choice of freshly prepared dishes. Hotel is clearly very well managed. Security standards were high.Lunch/dinner were fine, but not great, so we took the opportunity to eat at the many restaurants nearby. By far the best in terms of food quality was Cafe Warisan. Kudeta is a must-go for sunset cocktails.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel! Hotel info  facilitiesI am very fussy when it comes to hotels. The Legian is definitely one of the best hotels I have come across! The hotel is located far from the major tourist spots and therefore it is very quiet. We stayed in the Studio Suite room for US$280++/night. It is very spacious with a living room, dining room and mini kitchen. The room is clean and cosy and the furniture is new with a touch of the Balinese style. The rooms are equipped with two i-pods as well as a Bose cd-player. You can request for a dvd player at no charge! Free internet access is available only if you are comfortable with using the PC that belongs to the concierge. Alternatively, laptop can be loaned for US$5/hour with an additional US$5 for wireless access. Hotel SecurityWe feel very safe as the secruity is very tight; there are at least 2 security guards being stationed at the entrance of the hotel. All vehicles upon entering the hotel have to be thoroughly checked by a portable bomb detector gadget as well as a sniffer dog. Food  ServiceThe food at the hotel is not very good but the service is awesome. The staff tend to remember your name and are always attentive to your needs. There are some restaurants (Kudeta, Sweet Basil-Thia, Sate Bali) within walking distance and the food is superb. Watching sunset at Kudeta is awesome.BeachThe beach is right in front of the hotel and the waves are quite big. You can definitely surf.I would highly recommend this hotel if you want top-class service and ambience but only if you are willing to fork out more as the minimum room rate is US$260++ and above.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxury with Style I have just returned from my sixth stay at The Legian, and highly recommend the hotel to travellers who prefer boutique luxury hotels. The hotel is a suite only hotel, with interior finishes of very high quality. Rooms are equiped with Bose stereo systems and ipods are provided for guest use. The hotel has a day spa, fabulous beach front pool, restaurant and pool bar. A stay at this hotel is made all the more special by attentive, but personal service. For those familiar with Aman resorts, I stayed at the Amankila some years ago, and found the service of The Legian to be at least as good as the Amankila. Touches such as chilled facial towels and iced water poolside together with complimentary afternoon tea add to the overall experience. Surely one of the best hotels in Asia.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quite nice hotel We stayed at The Legian just after the terrible happenings at bali, the staff was very nice about it, and made us felt secure. I agree with previous people here saying that it's defently for couples and not for people with children. We found the hotel to have all the accessities we needed, and staff was very accommodating. We did find it above average, but not the best we have ever stayed at. But would recommend anyone to visit, but it's not cheap for normal standars, and especially not for bali standards.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Trav-london
<Content>Perfection Stayed at The Legian for 4 nights on a stopover coming back from Australia. After 3 weeks back-packing, I wanted luxury and I got it!!I have to say, this is the best hotel I have stayed at in terms of attention to detail, staff and room facilities. All of the rooms have Bose sound systems and 2 ipods pre-loaded with a (mostly!) good selection of tunes. However bring your own CD's as there is also a CD player!The hotel was not busy at all when I was there due to low season and the Bali factor which is sad to see as this hotel and Bali are both wonderful.The staff could not be more helpful and courteous at all times. Everything was super efficient and you did not have to ask for anything - chances are it had already been done!I have to say the one downside is that the hotel restaurant is expensive (by Bali standards) and tends to focus on European/Mediterranean food, which frankly is not what I came to Bali to eat. I ended up not eating there at all but instead going out for dinner to several excellent local Indonesian places where you could eat and drink well for about 拢5 GBP!! My personal favourite was a little Balinese restaurant about 50m from the hotel called Sate Bali.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best service ever! We have just returned from our honeymoon in Bali and spent 6 nights at The Legian. Having read various reviews on this site before departing I was interested to see how well it matched up. Having benefited from others reviews I thought I should contribute also:The Legian is a excellent hotel with outstanding service and food. It is not large (64 rooms) and is directly on the beach. It appears to be quite new and is constructed from concrete pillars which have been crafted to give a distinct asian feel. The garden is pleasant but not so large and not yet really mature. The staff are extremely helpful and you are unlikely to find much better service anywhere. The food is excellent and reasonably priced for its quality. On request the kitchen researched and produced within a day a japanese breakfast for my wife even though they had never cooked one before.We took a look at the nearby Oberoi and whilst it has beautiful gardens the rooms were quite a lot smaller, except for the expensive ocean facing suites with private courtyards. I would definitely stay at the Legian rather than the Oberoi (in any case they are only 5 mins walkng distance apart). If you do stay at The Legion I would strongly suggest getting a 1 bed suite. Ours came with a 4 poster bed and romantic white mosquito net drape and was much more comfortable than the standard suite. There are a number of good restaurants close by the Legian but you will need a taxi to get to most unless you like a 15-20min walk in the dark on a pedestrian-unfriendly street.As often happens a few things were not perfect but the hotel did do its best to patch them up quickly. Beware however the cost of international calls, internet access ($10/hr if you use their computer) and wine (seems expensive everywhere in Bali). Security precautions were evident at the hotel which was reassuring. There was a sniffer dog and inspection of all vehicles entering the hotel area. Security cameras were being installed in the garden also. If this is going to make you uncomfortable then you might be better off not staying in Bali. However if you don't like crowds of tourists then now is a very good time to go since its very quiet and prices are heavily discounted.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Living It Up @ The Legian               More photos  
<Date>Dec 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>skyfriend
<Content>Fabulous luxury   showReview(4108525, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Indulgence!!!   showReview(4072031, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hotel-snob-london
<Content>Somewhat better than the Oberoi.....   showReview(4071985, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rubento
<Content>Fantastic in every sense!   showReview(4013902, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Karen010
<Content>Paradise - but not for children   showReview(3915033, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Robase4
<Content>The Legian Was Superb   showReview(3788124, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Gingersnaps
<Content>Unforgetable 30th B'day trip   showReview(3520412, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Natonhols
<Content>Perfection   showReview(3309174, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic hotel   showReview(2824014, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aazumi11
<Content>銇俱仧琛屻亶銇熴亜锛?#x201d;   showReview(23003670, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉兗銉犮偟銉笺儞銈广亴銇娿亜銇椼亱銇ｃ仧锛侊紒   showReview(19170908, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銉忋儘銉犮兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166877, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉偩銉笺儓婧€鍠櫔   showReview(19162779, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>flyparis
<Content>V茅ritable sens du service   showReview(8259875, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儬銉┿兂銇煶鑹层伀鐧掋仌銈屻仸   showReview(19161557, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儓銉娿伄浼戞棩   showReview(19161392, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉ゃ儛锛侊紒   showReview(19161385, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sasse
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel!         
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屽簝銇勶紒銇竴瑷€銇?..   showReview(19928673, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍏ㄥ銈广偆銉笺儓銈裤偆銉椼伄...   showReview(19920780, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

