<Author>Shawnofthedead
<Content>A Fun (And Sometimes Scary) Adventure! I just returned from a business trip to Berlin and this was the hotel I called home for four nights. Though there might have been more convenient hotels I had a unique experience and left happy that I choose to risk staying here.For the purpose of my review, please note that I stayed two nights in Freedom (actually a prison cell) and two nights in Therapy.If you are considering staying there, remember forewarned is forearmed: The registration desk is only open from 9-12 and they mean it. If you need help at other times call the mobile and don't waste your money with the main number -- no one's there and you'll just hear a long message directing you to the mobile anyway.Pack a travel alarm clock. There's nothing telling time in the rooms I enjoyed. The first had a TV with a couple channels and the other didn't.When you arrive, listen to the whole introduction to the hotel before asking questions. The staff has a prepared set of instructions and most of the things you need to know will be covered -- just be patient and save questions for the end.The main downside of this hotel is the location. The street is kind of boring and in an expensive, not-really-happening part of town. It's also not too dodgy, so that's a plus. You can easily catch the train to the big tourist spots and Propeller Island City Lodge makes a great jumping off point for the rest of Berlin.I'm American so the lighting system (very normal in Europe) threw me for a loop. Lights on motion sensor and timed to shut off meant I got startled by lights going on or off when I wasn't ready for it. The upper levels of the hotel and the fire escape were intimidating as well, when I went exploring one night. (Who wouldn't in such a place?) There's a glass door in front of a barred door that was as frightening as any haunted house I've gone through back home. I like haunted houses, actually, so the fact that the hotel seems relatively safe and quiet despite the scary atmosphere made for an entertaining night.A couple things, in relation to earlier reviews: the staff (who some have called clueless) were very helpful in all of the times I dealt with them. And the noise level (some people mentioned it was noisy) was not a problem at all. I didn't hear one other person at night. Perhaps this is a bigger concern during the summer when more tourists visit.It's a shame that the hotel doesn't allow posting photos of the rooms or gallery. I had an amazing time and would have loved to show everyone how brooding and cool this hotel is.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>globetrotter666
<Content>Great experience I recently stayed at this hotel for a total of 2 nights. The first night I stayed in the Mirror Room. It was definately a strange experience but great fun. I wouldnt have wanted to spend more than one night because the room was very small and claustrophobic but was great for one night.The second night I moved to the Two Lions rooms. How awesome. An enormous room with 2 lion cages hanging from the ceiling. The bathroom was excellent with a roll top bath and balcony.Personally I loved the location of the hotel. It was situated just off one of the best shopping areas in Berlin. I felt safe the whole time I was in this beautiful city.Its a very laid back place to stay. Its not a regular hotel - more of an art gallery. Yes, it does have bare pipes - some rooms dont have showers or toilets - towels are in short supply - no room service etc. etc. But then if thats what you want check-in to the Holiday Inn! Breakfast though was superb and there is a mini bar in reception.We had superb time. All you need is an open mind and a sense of fun.Highly recommend for a fun and unusual experience at a fair price. But go for the Two Lions room - its the most expensive of the suites but definately the best.Loved it.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>dennistang
<Content>Unusual stay,very nice experience We booked the glass house through the internet. Booking was straight forward through an email confirmation. The lady was very nice to wait up on us as our flight arrived quite late in the night and the journey into city took longer than expected. Did the usual 'oohs...ahhhs...' the moment we stepped in. Although the feeling subsided as quickly as it came :) The remote control to the soothing music was unique and interesting and really helped me to fall to sleep through the 2 nights! The see-thru toilet caused slight inconvenience if you are staying with someone other than your partner although the balcony did the trick easily of staying away when need be. Free wifi is available although you have to ask for the password from the staff. Staff were very helpful and helped us to navigate the city, pinpointing the key sights to visit for our 2 days.Would have been better if we had the chance to peep into the other rooms as well.It is located in a very nice quiet residential area with easy access to the metro and bus within a 5min walk. The S-bahn from airport is just 10min walk away as well.Some pics can be found on flickr - [-]  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>greggoak
<Content>Unique experience I found out about this hotel in the Time Out Berlin guide, which recommended it as a quirky and unique experience. That it was! My partner and I stayed at the Arcotel Velvet for several days, and then traveled on to Moscow (the Velvet is very well located and certainly wins points for style - service was quite minimal). Our flight schedule required us to spend one more night in Berlin on our return journey from Moscow, so we decided to pick someplace a relatively close drive from the airport and more interesting than the usual room with bed, armoire, TV and mini-bar setup. We chose one of the more user-friendly rooms (the Temple room), although even in this one I think staying there more than a few nights would have become rather tedious. You can put up with awkward inconveniences in the name of art and adventure for a night or two (or three), but beyond that, I'd imagine being ready to move on. The staff was very friendly and very casual. It felt like we were guests in an artsy/hippie communal house. And the location is very quiet (not a busy street), but just a short walk to plenty of restaurants and cafes. Come here with no expectations other than to be surprised and you'll enjoy yourself.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Leda74
<Content>Would definitely go back again Having been told about Propeller Island via an e-mail forward, I decided to visit Berlin JUST to stay at the hotel, taking my father with me.We weren't disappointed. The hotel is, first of all, very conveniently located for the major sights of the city; it's an interesting walk straight down the Kurf眉rstendamm to the Berlin Zoo, or to the bus terminal which will take you further afield.The hotel itself is frankly eye-popping. As we were staying for more than four nights, the management offered us a change of room mid-stay. I started off in Forest (#45), which I chose because of its soothing red colour, and then moved to Hol(l)y-Wood (#14). My father had Clouds (#4) and then Landscapes (#32). We found the bathing/toilet facilities to be perfectly acceptable, although we had purposely chosen rooms with their own private facilities.(Incidentally, the shower taps in Forest are, for some reason, labelled backwards. The hot tap turns on the cold water, and vice versa. A little disconcerting, yes, but okay once you've worked out what to do!)The rooms could have been a little stuffy, although both of mine had their own private balconies and I had no issue with leaving the balcony door open for ventilation overnight.What can I say about the breakfast? It was superb. Soft-boiled eggs were offered and well-cooked, and everything else was delicious. The staff only work part time, but when they are there they put in a fine effort for the guests.In summary, I didn't find everything about this hotel to be top notch or up to the standards of the Dorchester, but then, I wasn't expecting to. I visited hoping for an unusual and lasting experience, something to tell my friends about, and this is exactly what I got.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Meltwaterfalls
<Content>Great experince I really enjoyed my stay here, it was a very individual experience, and very reflective of the artistic trends in Berlin. We stayed in the Castle Room, which was very good, it was the first room designed in the Hotel. The Castle room and Cloud room are actually in a separate part of the building from the main part of the Hotel, they share a bath room and small kitchen dinning room so if there is a small group of you this may be a great opportunity to have a self contained unit. The bed was surprisingly comfortable, I thought that comfort may have been overlooked in favour of style, but this was not the case.The only entertainment in the room was a very high quality stereo and CDs created by the designer of the hotel, to be honest I liked this, I have had enough of sitting in Hotels and watching 24 hour business news, or attempting to decipher some of the local language TV, so it was nice to just be able to relax. The music may not be to everyone鈥檚 taste though, if you like Warp Records or similar stuff then perhaps you will be presently surprised.I did take photos of the rooms but they asked you not to reproduce them anywhere, and to be honest the photo's on the official website are much better than any of mine and are very accurate. We were also told that we can walk around the main Hotel and Gallery and have a look in the rooms if we wanted to see more, but we were a little pressed for time so didn't take this up.All in all a great Hotel and one of the best ways to experience Berlin's art scene.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kdbBerkshireUk
<Content>Fab hotel! Wow! what an amazing hotel! six of us stayed in three different rooms..the upside down room which had its own bathroom and the symbol room and the orange room which shared a bathroom in an 'apartment style' set up.It wasnt luxurious but it was very comfortable and the amazing rooms and the great hospitality made it a five star experience! I would definitely stay there again and would reccomend it to anyone with a sense of humour who enjoys something 'a little different' ,not your run of the mill boring hotel room! the staff were very friendly and very helpful...thank you for a very pleasant stay in Berlin!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crazy60
<Content>Couldn't have picked a better place for my 40th Birthday It was just FAB!!!Stumbled across it whilst searching the internet looking for something different and it certainly was!!! Booked three rooms for myself and 6 friends for my 40th Birthday only didn't tell them where!!! I couldn't have picked a better place, we all loved it!! Our rooms were great and we got to see about 10 of the others too!! Going to re-visit and take my two boys (12 and 15), they're going to love the coffin room!! Breakfast was good and the staff were lovely and VERY helpful. YOU MUST GO!!  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Seonaidr
<Content>We loved our friend/family-friendly apartment I travelled with 3 friends and we stayed in the Castle and Cloud rooms. It was a self-contained apartment in a residential block behind the main lodge. This was better than anticipated and gave us our own area to hang-out in. We had no problems with noisy neighbours and unlike other reviewers, there was a functioning stereo in the Castle room with several of the lodges own ambient CD's.I was worried the Castle room may be too colourful but it was totally fab. Although it is a double room they provided us with 2 single duvets and it was comfortable and no problem sharing with a friend.The kitchenette was great for getting together whilst planning our days or disecting our nights. It has a fridge and a couple of small hobs so not for a gourmet feast but perfect for snacking.The bathroom was clean and modern and the shower was powerful.There were a few really nice restaurants and bakeries nearby. The second night we took a taxi to find somewhere more lively. The lodge is only a couple of minutes from the Ku'damm. The tour buses run along it but leave from the other end. It is a pleasant 15-20 minute walk (which would've taken us a lot longer if it wasn't Sunday and the shops were closed).I loved this place and would definately consider coming back. This apartment didn't have an overtly sexual undertone unlike some of the other rooms. It is in a peaceful and sedate area so the only drawback is if you want lively night-life on your doorstep.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>SFVoyager
<Content>Really did not like this place I stayed here during a time when there were NO other rooms to be found in Berlin, so i am grateful that they had a place for me. Also, the staff was very very friendly.BUT, i ended up in a single room (#38) which was exceedingly small, and had no shower in it. The shower was down two flights of stairs and through the lobby. There was a toilet, but if i had been just a few inches taller, my knees would have hit the opposite wall. The sheets didn't seem that clean, and the hallways had a slight but persistent smell to them due to lack of ventilation. The room looked out on an interior courtyard, so i had to keep the curtains closed all the time, and the light was not particularly strong.The room wasn't particularly creative - just cramped and tired-looking. I would have preferred a youth hostel, and for the price, i do not think it was good value, particularly compared to the Ku'damm 101 just around the corner.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	3	5	2	

<Author>mothnm
<Content>Hand crafted for fun sex romps. A few function problems. Propeller Island Each room is uniquely crafted around an aesthetic theme. 鈥淲rapped鈥?room 16 was shaped like a checkmark with a beer keg sink in the short arm and three beds on a ramp up the long arm. A fourth bed is tucked under the top bed with a pulley system to open the bed鈥檚 door. Like sleeping under the stairs. Two tall, thin windows side the sink and a barred window is by the middle bed. The windows look into treetops and vines. Each single bed has a metal shelf with a candle and reading light. The switch for each light operates with the main room light by the door, not independently, meaning you walk down the ramp to turn out your light. The wall paint is mottled wrapping paper with safety zone diagonal black and yellow tape going every which way. Overlapping corrugated panels cover the ceiling lighting. There are two yellow and black wall sconces. The custom audio system didn鈥檛 work in the room. The room was clean and smelled fine. Location was close to the front desk.Room doors are thin, heavy and close loudly. A key deposit is required.The rooms have no clocks or alarm clocks, nor does the desk supply one upon request.With the doors closed you can clearly hear tiptoe footsteps, people quietly having sex, outdoor noises and the previously mentioned loud doors. Perhaps this hotel isn鈥檛 intended for sleeping.The computer is in the stairwell on the way down to the gallery. Use it during the day since it is locked up at night.The breakfast room is large, bright, and attractive and has a two-chair porch. Meusli, cold cuts, cheeses, pumpernickel/pinon nut bread and some fruit are available.The hotel location is South of Adenauer Platz, a lively location off the Ku鈥檇amm. You can buy ordinary supplies or groceries nearby, plus expensive furniture and clothing. There are cafes, restaurants and theaters. Bus M29 and the U7 subway line are close. People walk around the area at night.The hotel is visually fun and creative but the audio aspects (noise, no included hotel music offerings, no alarm clock) and having to walk down the ramp to shut off the light would deter me from staying a second time, unless a travel companion really wanted to.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	2	4	

<Author>persistent
<Content>Avoid hot weather I have to agree with the other reviewer; that is that although we were glad to have seen it we would not return. The hotel is very imaginatively decorated and the staff are lovely people, no problem with speaking English and very informal and friendly. breakfast was fine, the usual range of bread cheese meatsand cereal plus eggs. They were also flexible about time for breakfast and allowed us to leave our luggage in the hotel and collect it later. There are interesting public areas and an art gallery. the location is good and the lack of normal reception hours was not noticeable.We had 3 rooms, one single ,2 double. The single room had no shower and if the person staying there was alone it would have been necessary to shower on another floor. ok not a disaster but this was not youth hostel price.All our rooms were on top floor and the heatwave had been raging for 8 weeks so as heat rises our floor was hot and did not cool down completely at night, need I say there was no air conditioning?One of the 3 rooms, landscapes was Ok for temperature because it was on the shadier side of the hotel and we opened the windows . (we also had a bath and shower)but the single room Terra? had few opening windows and was on the sunny side. The other double room , electric wallpapers also got unbearably hot but had a kitchen and shower. In all 3 rooms art takes precedence over practicality and comfort .Despite the heat there was no effort made to improve air circulation,;windows were closed by the chambermaid and the floor was sealed by a heavy door at the head of the stairs. Although management were very unusual the chambermaid seemed the usual grumpy overworked woman just needing to complete her tasks. certainly no sleeping in on check out morning!My other main concern was that the beds being made of foam were uncomfortable. This was less an issue for the younger members of our group and they felt that the hotel was great for young creative people. However even they would like to try a more conventional but more comfortable place next time.I understand that we experienced freak weather conditions and staff told me that the hotel stays pleasantly warm in the winter months.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Weird, fun, friendly and did I mention weird! This place is great. I wish every city had a hotel like this. My friend and I stayed in the room with the coffin beds. I have to say it was a nice, peaceful rest. The staff were very nice and the breakfast was excellent. I want to go back to Berlin just to stay in the other rooms. Someone needs to do a film set in this hotel. It's wonderfully too crazy!  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>WillyWonka1
<Content>Brilliant!!!! What an experience, it was so much fun staying in a hotel like this one, it is so unusual and unique, you could just tell that the people who ran this place really looked after it well and took pride in this friendly ran themed hotel. My boyfriend and i stayed in the flyiong bed room which was great we loved it, he didn't like the fact that it did not have a tv but i wa not bothered as we were only staying one night and just the experience of staying in such a cool hotel was enogh for me!!Great hotel to vist there should be more of these hotel about.It was in a bit of a strange location bit but once on the main road your fine and iit's a nice walk down to the shops. I would stay there again in a different room, i justa want to pick this hotel up and place one in every captial!!!!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Experience! To my knowledge, you will not find another hotel like this one anywhere in Europe. All the rooms are totally different from one another, each having its own style and personality. As someone who travels often, I can not tell you how good it felt to stay in such a hotel. While the Propeller is not in the greatest location in Berlin, it is only one block away from a train station, and there are several nice places near by (a theatre, shops, etc). I highly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants something different, and doesn't mind spending 10 minutes on the train to get to CheckPoint Charlie. If you have any questions about the hotel, I'd be glad to try to answer them.JohnWilmot at gmail dot com.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Unique Experience! Worth Trying it! We stayed at this unique art hotel for 3 days. A very original hotel, the most unusual room I have ever stayed in. It is worth experimenting and staying at this hotel. The room was comfortable, but I would recommend it mostly to young, non-conservative people. The hotel has a great web site, where you can choose the room that fits most you taste and expectations. We stayed at the Glass house. Gallery Room is also great. However, I was disappointed when I asked the staff to show me around to several rooms and they only showed me a couple of them, with the excuse that they were too busy. When you visit such an intriguing hotel you may want to have a quick look at other (unoccupied at the moment) rooms, especially if you intend to come back and stay at another room for a different experience. The location is excellent, underground train around the corner  next to Kdam, one of the most beautiful avenues of Berlin, full of boutiques, bars, places to eat, full of life.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Adrian9
<Content>Very Arty If your expecting something like a Best Western or a Holiday Inn then don't stay here.This hotel is more art than hotel, we stayed in the Temple Room and it was the most unusual and original hotel room I've seen, excepting the other rooms in this hotel, but it wasn't all that comfortable.The staff are excellent, the location is excellent, underground train around the corner and overground not far away. There's a bus from the airport that stops a block away from the hotel.Personally I'm glad I saw the Propellor Island but next time I'll stay somwhere conventional with a proper shower!  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AussieinSingapore
<Content>Just for fun We checked into this hotel with our 16 year old son. We had the 2 lions room which was truly amazing. The bathroom was beautiful with large mirrors and a bit excentric. the bedroom can be just a circus tent or maybe something a little more voyeuristic/exhibitionistic (just depends on your mind). Our sun had the floating bed room which was jsut perfect for a teenager but it didn't have a tv but was a lot of fun. The location is good with respect to the Kdam although it does look a bit dodgey if you apprach late a night. The breakfast room is also amazing. To me this was truly a berlin artistic night. we stayed a few nights in the radisson and did the wall history things and then went to this hotel to shop on the Kdam and go to a berlin Cabaret. I think the hotel is fun for the experience  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Are they finished yet? Looking forward to our stay at the Propeller Island City Lodge. Excited by the fact, it was unusual and somewhere different to stay. Unfortunately it seemed as if our room still had to be finished off, with its bare breeze blocks and exposed pipe work. A scene which on this occassion was not appealling. So appalled we took photo's in dis-belief. Disappointing, as hotel concept could have been done to a high standard but was not. An expensive experience !!  
<Date>Feb 5, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Globetrotter_LP
<Content>Un hotel diferente       Mi habitacion  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>pattrouble
<Content>fuori dalla norma   showReview(10971811, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	2	

