<Author>elmbeetle
<Content>Comfortable Home. Comfortable clean Hotel in good central location. Had a home like ambiance. Small room and bathroom with window over the Canal and great views. Not too noisy at night time. Internet good. Host and desk staff very helpful with good English. Substanital serve your self breakfast in breafast room with lovely views of people riding their bikes to work along the canals. Food outlets and resteraunts nearby varible in quality and overpriced.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travelman245b
<Content>charming but average service       hotel frontside  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	4	4	2	3	

<Author>vt1
<Content>Great location and hotel The Amsterdam Wiechmann Hotel is in a great central location in Amsterdam. The room was very spacious as was the ensuite bath. We had a canal view room and the room furnishings were nice, the bed was very comfortable. Breakfast was included with the room rate, which consisted of mostly breads, cheese, meat, coffee, and juice. It was not a big breakfast but plenty to eat and the breakfast room was very comfortable and spacious. There were two computers for guests to use. They were available 24/7 at no additional charge. The only major drawback was the lack of AC, which might not normally be a problem but the weather was unseasonably warm while we were there. Some nights it was too noisy on the streets to open the windows and get a decent night's sleep. Overall, we really liked the hotel, the Staff was extremely helpful and courteous, and we would definitely stay there again;  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>danfortuna
<Content>An OK Amsterdam experience       My single room - bed, desk, couple chairs, TV, wardrobe, safe.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Llyngwyn
<Content>This is a B Good location.Doesnt serve any tea or coffee apart from at breakfast time though. No facilities in room to do so either.Very comfy beds.very clean.nice decor.Had one of the back rooms with no views atall. Would definately want one at front if possible next time.Alsatian dog in lobby and breakfast room.Very steep stairs.Not suitable for anyone with any mobility problems.All in all very satisfactory.Would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>clapton1
<Content>Good place to rest your head The Wiechmann is in a great location, on the Prinsengracht, walking distance to everything. We had a room on the 3rd floor and getting our substantial luggage up there was a dreadful experience. The stairs are steep and twisted and not contiguous so you're switching from one staircase to another mid-trip. We were later told that normally someone would have carried our bags, but there was only one new person on desk duty that evening. They did find someone to bring our bags down when we checked out. We were there for three days and enjoyed the hotel and the location. We had the only room with a balcony and, although it was cold and rainy during our stay, this was a feature we enjoyed. Otherwise, the room wasn't memorable; in fact, there was mold on the bathroom ceiling. But everything worked well and we were happy there. We took advantage of the free computer use on the main floor every day of our stay. Breakfast is included in the price and there were boiled eggs and equipment to toast your bread. Other than that, it was the standard breakfast served in these kinds of places....lousy lunch meat, lousy cheese, a basket of winter fruit., cheap bread, canned peaches and, of course, abundant coffee and tea. We encountered great variation in the helpfulness of the staff. When we asked for additional pillows the first night, we were asked to come down and get them! We told the guy that he was younger than us and should bring them up! And there were a couple of women at the front desk who knew nothing about the surrounding neighborhood...even telling us to go as far as the Leidseplein to find a public telephone when we later found one around the corner! There's no excuse for untrained, uneducated front-desk staff at a hotel that charges 140E/night. On our last day, the owner of the hotel, helped us locate a hotel in Brussels for our last night, and we were very appreciative of his assistance. He did, however, charge us for the phone calls he made to Belgium.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seatosea
<Content>Two Thumbs up, A Great Spot! I just returned from Amsterdam for the first time, and what a wonderful place it is! It is just as cool as I have always heard it is, only cooler! Just a beautiful city, sort of like a large Greenwich village, with canals, boats, and bikes running all through it. Cobblestone strreets with great little bars, cafes and coffee shops ;-) around every corner. My partner and I walked for hours, day  night. The whole city seems so sureal. The streets are quiet, with very few cars, tons of bikes, and 15th  16th century buildings lining canal after canal. We both felt very relaxed and really enjoyed the whole experience. The Wiechmann Hotel is a great place to stay. It is not a luxury hotel, nor is it trying to be. If that is what you are looking for you may be disappointed...and you will pay more. It is a fairly simple, typical European style, small Hotel. It is well run, clean, and charming in its own way...with a few extras that make it special. First, all the rooms are non-smoking, and so is the breakfast room. This was my main reason for choosing this hotel, as I am easily bothered by the smell of smoke. Smoking is only permitted in the lobby/lounge area, while we were there this was not a problem. I assume most of the guests are non-smokers as well. I so appreciate the few non-smoking places in Amsterdam, this is one of them. (By the way, there actually are a few restaurants that are starting to offer smoke free rooms or areas, and it is indicated on the window with a decal. Of course there are also all the wonderful outdoor cafes, where the smoking is less bothersome)Next, the location of the hotel is perfect, as so many other reviewers have said. It sits right across the road from one of the central canals with wonderful views from the lobby and breakfast room of passerby's on foot and bicycle. From this spot you can walk to just about everywhere, in any direction. If you head straight out the door and across the bridge just in front of the hotel it takes you directly into the heart of town by way of plenty shops, bars and cafes. If you walk to the left, you will come to The Joordan area with more quaint shops, bars and cafes. If you walk to the right, it is a few blocks to Leidstraat, a main central road, and Leidsplein, a cool commercial square with banks, bars, restaurants, stores, tourist info and canal boat tours. From here you can catch one of the easy to use trams which connect the whole city, and to the central train station. The trams are great when you get tired of walking.The hotel, which comprises three canal house buildings in a row, is architecturally beautiful on the outside. At night it is lit-up and looks really nice from across the canal. Our room in the back, on the third floor was basic and simple: Two single beds pushed together with comfortable enough mattresses; a table, two chairs, desk area, a key-safe, and an armoire to unpack into; a decent size bathroom and shower with soap and shampoo; and two large windows that opened to let in the fresh air. It was very neat and clean, with maid service everyday. And yes, the stairs! They are steep and narrow and tiring, and like most similar hotels, there is no elevator. The breakfast was also simple but enjoyable. Nothing to write home about but it was free! Good coffee, toast, jams, cereal, boiled eggs, ham, cheese and a little fresh fruit. The view from the room, as described, is very storybook!I found the staff to be efficient and cordial, as I found the Amsterdamers in general. I would not describe the Dutch as gregarious people, but always polite and courteous, in a mind-your-own-business sort of way, which suits me just fine.As a point of reference, I own a restaurant, so I know what it takes to run a business and to try to please people. No matter how hard you try there will always be some who are not satisfied. I read a few of the negative comments below, but I also read between the lines, and I am glad I did. I cannot say I have any complaints about this hotel. I am obviously recommending it to those seeking a well run, perfectly adequate, and relatively inexpensive, place to stay. As I said it is not a luxury resort, but it is a really cool place to stay in a really cool city. When I return to Amsterdam, I will stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>CameraTotinMan
<Content>Didn't like the Wiechmann Hotel much. I stayed one night at this hotel, in June 2007. The physical facility is decent (as long as you're healthy enough, and have moderately sized suitcases, so that the steep narrow staircases won't give you trouble.) But the service orientation is really lacking. I paid 100 euros for my room, and neither the TV nor the wireless internet was working, not exactly what I expect for that price. When I went to check out, I asked the girl at the desk if these deficiencies might merit some price reduction, she said no but she'd call the owner to see what he said. His response was a big laugh. I told her OK but pointed out that in this day and age with people posting reviews of their hotel experiences on the internet, I would feel obligated to inform people of both positive and negative aspects of my stay. I was being polite the whole time, as I was certainly not in a position to demand a reduced price (the hotel was in no way obligated), I just wanted to see if they'd want to give one to show that they recognized the deficiences as not normal. Nonetheless her immediate response was to say in an offended way, That sounds like a threat!So if you'd like to stay at a place where tripadvisor reviews are seen as a threat, then the Wiechmann Hotel is the place for you ;-). Otherwise, I'd look elsewhere!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	2	2	2	

<Author>Bunnny
<Content>Amazing canal views at reasonable prices       View from our room at Hotel Wiechmann  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jlcchew
<Content>Perfect Weekend Away My girlfriend and I stayed in this hotel for a long weekend break. It was in a beautiful and quite part of town, right on a canal. The room was clean, fresh and spacious. The hotel had a slightly old, but almost kitsch decor that was harmless. The staff were very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was simple, but adequate and the view from the breakfast room was amazing. The price was just about reasonable considering the guide book said that hotels in Amsterdam are quite pricey and anything under 80 euros would be cold damp and terrible! I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>familytrio
<Content>Just what we wanted from our trip. My husband daughter and I have just returned from a 3 night stay in the Wiechmann. When the Opstopper picked us up at the Station, someone mentioned a day budget hotel and my heart plummeted. However when we arrived I knew it was exactly what we wanted. A small family style hotel, full of character and ambience. Yes the rooms are basic but very clean and all you need except a hairdryer, which they probably could have provided but I never asked. The situation is perfect, near everything. We got to see so much in the 3 days and all on foot. The staff were really nice and helpful, before we arrived and during out stay, even recommended a lovely restaurant. The breakfast room was a threat. We loved watching the world go by over a leisurely breakfast. In our opinion it is a great 2 star typical canal house ..hotel ...with the traditional steep stairs. The price may be considered high, but it is on Princengracht ., the best area in amsterdam,so central, you save a lot on transport costs. We hope to re-visit Amsterdam again and will stay definitely in the Wiechmann. The Walsh FamilyCo. TipperaryIreland  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>WDF
<Content>A hotel with a canal view Stayed 5 days in June. Excellently situated and clean. The suites are an excellent choice and compete well in price. Staff very helpful. Only negative was the limited choice for breakfast but with many cafes nearby this is not a problem  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wightrose
<Content>Loved the Location, not so keen on the stairs       View of canal from the bed!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More of a B Stayed here for the weekend with my boyfriend. We were in room 239, ask for it, it was the ONLY saving grace. This is not a real hotel, more like a Bed and Breakfast. It's like staying at your grandparents house, but grandparents that are cash strapped and haven't redecorated in 30 years. Everything is shabby and there is no real hotel service at all. You have your own key to the front door, and there are no typical hotel amenities. But the location can't be beat. It's lovely. Room 239 is large with huge bay windows and a great view of the canal. Though the walls are cracking and everything is old, the bathroom was newish and clean. I imagine there is better value for money to be found in Amsterdam, but we loved the view and the size of our canal facing room.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay We had two people in a three person room and it was nice and spacious. The view of the Canal was great and we also enjoyed the breakfast. The front desk staff was kind and helpful although they were not great at giving suggestions or any extra information. The free internet access in the lobby is a bonus. The only down-side is that the beds are really soft. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Experience... My husband and I loved our four days at Hotel Weichmann...this was our first trip to Amsterdam and we found the hotel in a perfect location, not touristy, yet close to everything. The rooms are small and plain, but the staff was always helpful and the breakfast room bright and cheery with a good, basic choice of items. The free use of computers with internet was a nice bonus. Ask for room 307 (125 euro per night), as we seemed to luck out for our honeymoon and had one of the only rooms with a balcony overlooking the canal. No doubt there are fancier hotels or maybe even better deals, but this was a lovely choice and we definitely would return to Hotel Wiechmann.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gerry17
<Content>appalling value for money We stayed at this hotel because of its great reviews we found it appalling value for money. This is not a hotel but an overpriced B+B we paid 135 euros per night. The rooms are tired and grubby we had no view, no iron and no kettle. Look eleswhere for a better deal you can do so much better.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Noslo
<Content>A Good Choice Hotel Wiechann was a great choice for us (couple in our mid-30s). The hotel has lots of character and is perfectly situated. Our 4th-floor room was huge for European standards and we had a spectacular view. We really looked forward to people watching late at night from our room. While there was some slight noise on a few nights from the street/canal (which didn鈥檛 bother my husband at all and was easily remedied with earplugs for me), we were pleasantly surprised by how little we could hear from the rooms surrounding ours. The young staff was friendly and helpful when we asked questions. The breakfast room was very quaint; the breakfast was standard (eggs, meats, cheeses, cereal, yogurt), yet satisfying. I very-much appreciated that the rooms were non-smoking and did not smell smoke in the lounge area (despite being sensitive to the smell). Yes, the steps are steep (but add to the hotel鈥檚 character) and a few (very few) of the furnishings 鈥渄ingy.鈥?But these, for us, were so irrelevant given the size of and view from our room and the great character and location of the hotel.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>IrelandJill
<Content>basic and unfriendly I can't believe that so many people rate the Wiechmann Hotel highly. I found the staff cold and unfriendly. Our 4th floor room was not heated and when we asked for extra blankets we had to carry them upstairs ourselves. There was no hairdryer, kettle or trouser press as you would expect for 125 euro per night. The breakfast was very basic. When we checked out after 4 nights we were not even asked if we enjoyed our stay. Not even a smile. It is a great pity as the hotel is in a teriffic location and could be wonderful. In contrast to this we found the people of Amsterdam generally extremely kind and helpful.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelingcher
<Content>Steep Stairs -- Great Location We had 2 canal view rooms, one on the 3rd floor one just above it on the 4th. Same price. Big difference. Seems like rooms on the 4th floor, due to the pitch of the roof, are smaller and have low ceilings. Also, the view was out of tiny windows that began at chest height so you had to walk up to the windows to see out. The canal room on the 3rd floor was great. Big french doors opening onto a tiny ledge/rail overlooking the intersection below (bridge over the canal). Light, airy. Antique furniture. The Bathrooms, linnens, TV all very basic. This is not luxury, but doable. The stairs are sooooooo steep. We eventually made as few trips as possible -- not even going up to freshen up for dinner, that's what a chore it was. Also, if you are a non smoker, the hotel employees smoke like chimneys. Checking in at the lobby was really unpleasant -- full of smoke. Don't bother with the breakfast.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Room with a View We recently spent 3 wonderful days in Amsterdam at the Wiechamann. While there are many more luxurious and modern hotels in the city, its location and price make up for it. Our 3rd floor room had a commanding canal view. We particularly enjoyed having their sumptuous buffet breakfast in their corner dining room overlooking 2 canals and watching the boats, bikes, cars and predestrians go by. While not right in the city centre, it was within walking distance of most attractions, many fine restaurants and shops. The only drawback was not having an elevator which could be a problem for elderly or physically challenged people. The stairs are very steep but the friendly staff did help carry up our luggage. We managed just fine.We can highly recommend this facility and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I don't want to you find this fabu jewel and I won't have a room. Glorious history aside, the commanding view of the Prinsengracht is worth the climb to your comfortable lodgings. You can lie back and watch the boats flow past your window, the bikers coming across the bridges with their own special brand of singing spokes, the church bells tolling for all of us to see and hear, the Flower Market which brazenly beckons us to join them in a cachophony of blooms and sweet perfume before you cross the street to frantic lifel Great restaurants, great transportation, flowers to DIE for, and clubs to meet new friends to share the experience of Olde England with cool new citizenry. Freedom and great social services keep the stress level low and the kindness up. I go each year and see John and the crew who so graciously and wonderfully care for us. The views are FABU! The breakfast room is worth the price of the stay-Close to all but staying in has its bonuses as well. Friendly and helpful, the staff has great ideas and suggestions but will merely service the hotel if you so choose. This is a family owned business and the 15th buildings are terribly romantic.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Shabby and overpriced We paid 140 euros a night for a grubby room that hadn't been decorated since the 60's. The bed was small and unconfortable. The shower was very basic (i.e. stand in a bath - that didn't work). The breakfast was also very average.The only plus side was the staff were quite friendly.My advice would be that a far better Hotel can found for the prices they charge.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NeilQ
<Content>Excellent location. Friendly, helpful staff. We spent 10 days in Amsterdam at the Wiechmann. The location is excellent, a short walk to the museums, a little longer short walk to the city center. The room was very clean and well equipped. The staff is extremely friendly.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>simply the best Stayed there 7 times now at the Wiechmann, and at several other hotels and BB's in the Dam, for value for money etc you can't beat the Wiechmann, great family run smallish hotel, staff etc are superb, the positioning is fantastic, 10 mins walk to the Dam square, along the Ronkin etc, just round the corner from the Anne Frank house. Continental breakfast is fantastic, again, all staff very helpful and know everything about the surrounding area. Infact i'm back there the weekend 21st nov 2003.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>location was superb, people were very helpful and pleasant Just got back from Amsterdam-first time. Grrrrreat city. Found this hotel on search of the internet and supportive info from Frommer's and Conscierge. The location on Prinsengracht (Prince's Canal) was wonderful, especially since we opted for a canal facing room, which worked out spectacularly. The whole city was an easy walk or occasionally a close tram ride away.We could enjoy the experience of being on a city street, but not just Downtown, seeing bicycles and strolling and working people by the hundreds go by our place every day, even during the short times we were at the hotel. Bye the bye, we're in our 60's with average mobility and found this worked well for us.  
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>valegap
<Content>Bella Amsterdam   showReview(20589728, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

