<Author>WonderBooger
<Content>Great Location, Friendly Staff The tiny efficient room was to be expected in Tokyo, so we found it rather comical and not an annoyance. The staff was very pleasant and spoke English quite well. Breakfast was nice, but the environment could be difficult to eat in if you are a non-smoker.Their website included a detailed map on how to walk to the hotel from the train station which was helpful.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pralims
<Content>Nishi hotel was good       the badroom  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klebo
<Content>Convenient location without the 'Lost in Translation' prices I stayed here twice in October 2008, choosing the Nishi Shinjuku because it was much cheaper than the huge skyscraper hotels on this side of the station. The Nishi Shinjuku is definitely geared towards the Japanese business traveller rather than the foreign visitor, but the staff are friendly and because of the location they regularly deal with non-Japanese-speaking foreigners.This is a typical Japanese business hotel, which would be unremarkable anywhere else, but the very convenient location makes it attractive for the budget-conscious traveller. It's set back a bit from the main streets, overlooking a small, square 'park' (no grass, a few trees) where Japanese office workers come to sit and relax during the day. Some homeless people sleep around here too, but they don't bother you. As another reviewer noted, you can see a small Japanese cemetery off to the right as you look out of your window, but for me this was interesting, rather than a bad point.The front desk staff were always friendly and helpful, and helped me with directions and luggage-forwarding. My room was quite small but clean and well-serviced. Unlike in some business hotels, you can actually open the window in your room to get fresh air. There's no bilingual channel on the TV.Although I liked everything else about this hotel, I have to say that the breakfast (880 yen ticket) was a bit disappointing. It was served in a rather gloomy 1980s-decor restaurant/bar, and consisted of a simple buffet with not much choice. The scrambled eggs were always cold (the heaters under the serving containers were not lit, and containers were not covered). I usually opted for a mixture of Japanese and Western: miso soup, rice, scrambled eggs, toast (make it yourself), coffee, orange juice. You may think I'm obsessed by small details here, but for jam and butter, they have those revolting capsule things that you break open and squeeze until both substances ooze out onto your toast together. Not a good way to start the day. Considering that they cater to quite a lot of foreign guests, maybe the hotel should try to improve the range and quality of their breakfast. If you're planning to stay more than one night, maybe it would be better to get just one day's breakfast ticket whenyou check in, and see what you think. After all, there are several other breakfast alternatives available in the streets around the hotel.If you are going to be arriving in Shinjuku with heavy luggage, I agree with the two recommendations from other reviewers here:1. Get a taxi from Shinjuku Station. It's only 4 minutes' walk to the hotel, so a taxi might seem extravagant, but you're quite likely to come out of the wrong station exit, and if you're trying to find the hotel for the first time, wandering around Shinjuku with large suitcases is not fun. The taxi driver should know the hotel, but it's probably better if you have the address written down (7-14-14 Nishi-Shinjuku 160-0023, tel. 03-5389-1010). The hotel is next to a small, square-shaped 'park',and is tucked away in back streets (though only 200m from the main Nishi-Shinjuku road junction).2. When you arrive at the hotel, you'll see that reception is one floor up from the street (outside stairs). If you have heavy luggage, go into the hotel's parking garage and find the tiny passageway to the ground-level entrance to the elevator.General tip: If you're going to be moving around Japan from hotel to hotel, it's a good idea to use one of the excellent luggage-forwarding 'takkyuubin' companies (Kuroneko, Pelican or Sagawa), to avoid having to carry your big suitcases on the trains. The staff at your previous hotel can help you organise this. It's best to send your luggage the day before you plan to travel yourself.All in all, a good budget hotel, very good price for the location.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>travelingrules
<Content>Great value, great location This is a great value hotel. Other hotels in the area were $70 more per night, and when you stay three nights it adds up, so took a chance on this hotel, not expecting much.It turned out to be a great value and great location, with a free breakfast that I again, did not expect much, but it was great! Cooked fish, pickeled salads, miso soup, nori, natto, rice, grapefruit, and decent western-style scrambled eggs, a chicken breast and onion scramble, and sausage (ok, mini hot dogs!), toast, etc. Juices, strong coffee (sometimes hard to find in Japan), teas, etc. Much tastier and diverse than I ever imagined, so that was a bonus.The rooms were small, as expected, but clean. We had a twin room, with two twin beds that may as well have been one bed they were so close, so make sure you really know the person you are traveling with! There is no climate contol, but the windows do open for fresh air. They give you a new razor, toothbrush, hairbrush and comb as well as the basic toiletries every day. Huge dispensers of shampoo, decent conditioner and body wash so you never run out and can use as much as you want. Maybe it is the Japanese way, but I cannot recall the last time a hotel provided me with a razor or toothbrush and toothpaste without asking, if ever, and I've stayed in some very nice places. It also had an empty fridge which was handy for storing drinks and food. There is fresh water outside the room near the elevators, and there is a hotpot to boil water for the good quality green teas they provide each day.Okay, the lobby is on the second floor, so we had to lug our suitcases up a tall staircase, and there is no help from the staff, which we didn't expect considering it is a value hotel. But later on we discovered there is a parking garage underneath and you can take the elevator to the parking level and wheel your luggage out a short distance around to the front to get a taxi, which the staff will call for you. So if you read this prior to staying, use the same strategy to get to the lobby on your arrival!It was a little weird that we had to leave our room key with the front desk each time we left the hotel and therefore ask for it back upon our arrival, but not like staff can't get into your room when you are gone at any other hotel you stay at. They copy your passport so they can recognize you when you ask for the key.Really close to Shinjuku station, great convenience stores, an awesome tiny alleyway of yakitori restarurants, and any other restaurants, bars and shopping you would desire.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Gazzi
<Content>Good location, reasonable hotel The hotel is positioned in a great location with the JR and subway just a short walk, it also has many restaurants close by. Shinjuku nightlife is also just a short walk from the hotel. The room is small but comparable to other hotel rooms in Japan. If you don’t like the smell of smoke, request a non smoking room before you arrive. Our first room smelt quite bad but we were moved to another room which didn’t smell. Breakfast was included in the price, if you take a laptop there is free internet in the hotel room and the staff were overall very friendly. The TV did not have English channels but again this comparable to other hotel accommodation in Japan plus we were out most of the time. Overall this is a reasonable hotel to stay in for a few nights.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>bunnychow
<Content>good location, but there is a reason it's cheap. I stayed fro 4 nights in feb, could never get the heating right so was always too ht or too cold, the bathroom was grubby and the room was so small it could fit the bed in it and nothing else... But for the price and the location its wonderful, quiet and everything on your doorstep, food shops, train stations etc.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	5	3	3	2	2	-1	2	

<Author>anderg
<Content>Great location, clean and above all, cheap! I stayed in the Nishi Shinjuku for 4 nights this Summer and for the bargain price I really could not fault it.When staying in hotels I prize hygiene above all other feautures such as bed springs and quality of breakfasts etc... I was therefore surprised to see a couple of negative reviews marking this hotel down for uncleanliness. My experience was the exact opposite. Our room on the 7th floor was small but very clean; the bathroom was tiny but spotless and everything worked well; the hotel even reminded us one day to vacate the hotel so they could clean our room.The staff were attentive, friendly and helpful. English was not their strongpoint but they understood everything we asked. This is a large business hotel despite the rather shabby look of the website and this was reflected in the professionalism of the staff and the general business-like decor. One bonus is that internet connection is free if you have your own laptop, otherwise you have to pay to use the pc in the lobby.A special mention must go to the fantastic location, especially to tourists with the JR Pass. The hotel is walking distance from the Shinjuku station (although I would take a 3 - 5 minute taxi ride if you have heavy luggage) yet is in a quiet area near fast-food outlets and a 24/7 shop.As JR Pass holders we found the proximity to Shinjuku station ideal. The Chuo Sobu and Yamanote JR lines from Shinjuku station took us to most of the parts of Tokyo that we wished to see (free with the pass) and we had to pay to use a subway line only once.All in all, a fantastic location for a short stay in Tokyo and for the money this hotel over-delivered! Highy recommended.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>JAYHongKong
<Content>Is a cheap hotel.... Stay there 2 nights, I will try to keep my review short.is located close to center of Shinjuku, very convenient location. The hotel rate is cheap (and there is a reason for it).Terrible beds, mattress is way too soft, guess the springs are very old, the bed is too small....rooms are ok in size but gives a NOT so clean feeling...the toilets are old!.....but AGAIN...the hotel rate is cheap....the lobby is located one level above ground, but there is no elevator, so have to take the stairs with your luggages up one floor in the main entrance of the hotel.ps. there is a nice udon restuarant 1 block away from the hotel.THE BIGGEST downside to the hotel - IS LOCATED NEXT TO A CEMETERY, I CAN SEE THE CEMETERY FROM MY ROOM!!!!!!!THATS WHY THIS HOTEL IS CHEAP.......not that I mind too much...but i figure it is a possible big concern for others....sorry we didnt bother taking any photos of the room or hotel  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	2	3	3	3	

<Author>feenix
<Content>Never Again! this is the worst place we stayed in during our 1 month trip in Japan and the 2nd worst place we've ever stayed in. the rooms were small (although expected) but didn't feel clean - it was dusty. the toilet seat was COLD! and the water from the toilet bidet was COLD!!!!! this is very poor for Japanese standards. The pillows were so bad that i couldn't sleep for 2 nights and had a sore back and neck from the pillows, when i asked for a softer pillow they offered to roll some towels up for me!!we were supposed to stay for 5 nights, and after the 2 nights we checked out. the only good thing i can say about this place was that the staff are quite friendly and they gave us a refund for the remaining 3 nights. I would not recommend this place to anyone! unless you're a really poor tourist, definitely not for families or young couples.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	3	3	1	

<Author>horchesr
<Content>Very Convenient and value for money! We stayed at Nishi-Shinjuku Hotel for a week in December 2006. The location was fantastic - not only was it relatively near the Shinjuku JR station, it was situated in a place where food was in abundance with 24 hours food outlets and convenience stores (eg. 7-eleven, Family Mart etc...) situated a stone's throw away. For the convenience and ease afforded by its location, Nishi-Shinjuku Hotel is more than worth the cost of the room. While the semi-double room for two people was extremely extremely small even by Japanese standards, it was well-kept, extremely clean and functional. Given its size, it is perfect for a single traveller but a bit of a squeeze for two people. If you would like a bit more space with two people in the room, getting a double or twin room might be a better alternative. But if you don't mind a slight lack of space, the Nishi-Shinjuku Hotel is just the right hotel for a budget conscious traveller who doesn't want to compromise on the cleanliness and location.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>isee1
<Content>Great location, great deal Stayed here for 4 nights in late December 06. About 5 mins from the West Exit of Shinjuku station. Rooms small but clean and comfortable. No English language channel on the hotel TV (if that is an issue for you). A quiet hotel more geared to Japanese business travellers. I Paid $60 per night which was a bargain.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>totallytacos
<Content>great price, great location!       washroom  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>mehilba
<Content>Amazing choice I visited Tokyo with my wife for the 1st time last May. We had quite long search online till we were able to locate this hotel.I have to admit we were amazingly lucky to go to it . Excellent price, location, room service, room, stuff. Really I can't find anything negative about the hotel.I read much about the small room sizes in Tokyo, but I saw much smaller in Europe actually. Our double 2 bed room was ok for us.Very fast free internet connection. All small details in the room are taken care of. Excellent bathroom with all the stuff u need. The room is very well equipped.The hotel is just few mins waking from the main streets of Shinjuku and less than 10 mins from the Shinjuku station. Everything is around it. Its located in small side street but easily accessible.The stuff was very helpful .Room service excellent and very polite.It was an amazing week in Japan , and if the price will be the same the next time I try to reserve in this hotel, then in case I go to Tokyo again It will be defintely my choice.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NLR
<Content>Perfect location On previous occasions in Tokyo I've stayed in ryokans in Ueno and Asakusa and found them too far away from the action. This trip I wanted to stay in Shinjuku but was worried about finding myself in the middle of a red light area. This hotel is in west Shinjuku, ten minutes from the west exit of the JR station - a brilliant location. There are three different subway stations in the locality. Our room was very small - classic Japanese business hotel - but clean and the bathroom was big (for a business hotel in Tokyo). The hotel was very well placed for the shopping and restaurants of Shinjuku. The restaurants on the 7th and 8th floor of Lumine on the east side of the JR station are terrific, by the way. I certainly would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, can't beat the pirce I found the Nishi Shinjuku hotel to be a great value with great location. It's clean, the staff in friendly, and there are several places to get cheap food in the neighborhood (2 different 24h convenience stores, McDonald's, MosBurger and a few Udon shops).It's also close to the Shinjuku JR station (7 minutes walk or so).  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travellator
<Content>Excellent Budget Stay I wasn't sure what to expect with this hotel with so little reviews to be read, but I stayed here because of the price, which was the best I found for a single woman traveller who didn't want to stay in a ryokan or hostel. I was really pleased with this place.First off, the location of this hotel is excellent. It is on the western side of Shinjuku, which in its locale was quiet enough that no street noise bothered me at all. I also felt safe walking to the hotel at night. It is a 5-10min walk to the western entrance of the Metro/train Shinjuku station, and that depends on how fast you walk and if you're stopped waiting to cross the major intersection. The building itself is fairly modern and pretty clean. Like a small business hotel. If you check the hotel's Japanese website, you get a pretty good sense of how nice the place is. Checking in was no problem. The english of the front desk staff isn't perfect, but I experienced no problems and they were very courteous and friendly. They were able to provide me with some orientation of the area, but I wouldn't expect them to provide direction or advice with tourist destinations.My single hotel room was very small (eg. my bed was against the wall), which may be an issue to some, but not me. It's like the size of a small bedroom in an average house. The room was very clean, I had a tv, kettle, air-conditioning, hair-dryer and full private western-style bathroom. There is also a water cooler by the elevator doors on each floor. I would definetly stay in this hotel again and would recommend this place to anyone who wouldn't mind staying in a nice, clean, albeit smaller room, to save on accomodation costs. The other hotel I considered was the Washington Hotel, also in Shinjuku, but is a considerably longer walk away from the station. I saw the New York City hotel from a distance and thought that its location is much too far from the closest Metro station to be convenient. This Nishi Shinjuku Hotel is priced just as nicely, if not better, and you can't beat the quality of the building and location compared to similarly-priced hotels in Shinjuku.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>From_1Canada
<Content>Good Value, Clean and Good service Our family stayed there for 5 nights. Is not a grand hotel, if you are looking for a good value and clean hotel, then this is the place. Is a small Japanese Western Style Hotel.The room are small but very clean. The lobby staff are very helpful, most of them only know very little English but they do try their best to help. Is about 15 to 20 min walk from the Shinjuku JR Station. The location is great as it is close to all shopping area and resturants in Shinjuku.If you are only looking for a place to stay, this is the place.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beru_bu
<Content>移動には便利   showReview(21094081, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	3	

