<Author>RushfanMI
<Content>Exactly what I was looking for When I travel for pleasure, I like to explore the city myself. That means I don't evaluate a hotel by the concierge or the staff - I just look for decent, unobtrusive service. I do, however, want a comfortable room. I want to be able to get lost in the city on foot, find a bunch of cool places I never expected, stagger back to the hotel, and feel like I've come home - only better.The Grand Hyatt delivered.Our suite was up on the 23rd floor, with incredible views of downtown and the waterfront. It was clean and very comfortable. I was a little surprised that I had to ask for a mini-fridge in a suite room, but when I asked, the desk had one in my room in less than five minutes. I was sad when we had to check out, and when I get to go back to Seattle, I'm going to try to plan my trip around getting that exact same room again.If there was a downside to our stay, it was only that the 23rd floor can give one an overly optimistic sense of how far away things are. We'd see things from our window that we wanted to visit, thinking they were nearby, only to find that on street level, it was quite a hike getting there.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>shastaball
<Content>What a Magnificent Hotel! This place really was great. We had a corner suite on the 24th floor affording a beautiful view of the Sound and downtown/Space Needle. Staff were extremely attentive and friendly, without being overbearing. The exercise/gym was fantastic for a hotel. Just the right amount of equipment (about 12 total high quality treadmills and elliptical plus full weight system) with built in TVs on each piece of equipment for personal viewing. They even had adequate work out gear for sale if you needed it (at reasonable prices) and rental Garmin HRM w/ GPS if you forgot yours.Ruth's Chris restaurant is on site and convenient, with the expected level of consistent quality from that chain.The location of this hotel is exceptional, with many things within walking distance or a short cab ride if you prefer. The room was spacious, extremely well appointed, clean and very quiet. The views were killer and worth more than the rate we paid. I will return to this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VesperGirl
<Content>Grand, but oh so tiny! Even though just about every hotel in Seattle is in the city center, this one was just at the edge, but close enough to everything. Seattle is very small, compare to many other metro cities, so any hotel is considered city center. Check in was fine, room was ok. I had the corner suite. I have stayed in many one roomers - but this two room 'suite'.. left a lot to be desired. the sitting area was tiny, the bedroom was tiny - to get around the bed, like one reviewer said - had to turn into a crab and make your way around. the bathroom was fine, just the water pressure and shower space was not good. no removable shower heads to wash properly and you can't even bend over without hitting the glass to wash yourself in the shower! there are no fans in the bathroom to suck out the 'dirty' air either. would i stay here again, probably not. should you? i'd say shop around.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MarshaMello
<Content>Enjoyed the Grand Hyatt I chose the Grand Hyatt for my husband's birthday getaway based on Tripadvisor reviews and its location. Overall, we were very pleased with our stay. The staff was extremely friendly and helpful -- we were cheerfully encouraged to check in early, my request for a an upper floor room was granted with a corner suite on the 30th (top) floor, and a complimentary bottle of wine was sent to us in honor of my husband's special day. The hotel is located in the shopping district, and is a short walk from Pike Place Market and the monorail to Seattle Center (the Space Needle). There are movie theaters and numerous restaurants nearby, and of course a Starbuck's in the lobby was very welcome. My only criticism, as noted by several other reviewers, relates to the furniture in living area of the suite. The arms of the chair and loveseat were very worn, and they weren't particularly comfortable (i.e., nothing you'd be tempted to curl up in while reading or watching TV). Not up to the standards I'd expect from a property with this star rating. (As an aside, can someone explain to me why Motel 6 and other low-end accommodations provide free internet access, but most luxury hotels -- the Grand Hyatt included -- want to charge me $10 per day?)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>singtx
<Content>Good Choice Stayed here 1 night at the end of our vacation after snowboarding. Would've stayed the W but they jacked up the rates. Check in was a breeze and they had my extra pillows ready for us. I think we were upgraded (not sure) but we had a great view of the bay and a slightly obstructed view of the Needle. I also stayed at the W seattle 4 nights (please see review). The gym was the largest I have ever seen with hot tub, sauna, and steam room. (My wife and I took advantage of all of them). Outstanding facilites. The restroom was huge with a tub and shower. Location is good but not the best. I agree with other reviewers that the Hyatt hasnt put any Seattle touches to the place. Overall good stay and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	2	

<Author>flygalaz
<Content>Consistent but Overrated I decided to try this on a recent combo trip up to Seattle for business and to see friends. Since it was 鈥渉ighly鈥?rated by TripAdvisor Contributors I decided to give it a go. I have to say I was a 鈥渓ittle disappointed鈥?from what I was expecting for a Grand Hyatt (their flagship property). By no means is this a 鈥渂ad choice鈥?so don鈥檛 get me wrong, it really just depends on your likes and dislikes. Here is a summary of my experience and my opinion on this property:Location 鈥?I give it a 50/50. Yes, you are semi-in the heart of downtown Seattle (but on the edge, close to the freeway). You are near shopping, businesses and the convention center BUT you are also close to the freeway so many of the rooms have 鈥渇reeway view鈥? My room/suite actually had a combo-freeway/water view (peek-a-boo on the water side)鈥 honestly expected more water and less freeway for what I was paying. Now, you don鈥檛 really hear the freeway too much but you do get to look at it depending on where your room is. For a comparable price, there are several hotels in the area with much better views that are much closer to the water and sites. Charm 鈥?There is not much 鈥渃harm鈥?to this hotel but I don鈥檛 know that is the objective either. It鈥檚 fairly corporate with clean lines but so many properties in downtown Seattle have special touches like wine tasting in the lobby, fireplaces in room, etc. where they really make it feel special (think the Monaco, or Mayflower or Vintage Park, etc.). Food - Well yes there is a Ruth Chris on property but while that is a nice high end place, it鈥檚 a chain. Give me something with true 鈥淪eattle鈥?personality. Seattle is such a 鈥渇oodie鈥?town, I can go to Ruth Chris in any major city in the U.S. Rooms 鈥?The best part is the bathroom in my opinion hand鈥檚 down. Spacious, modern, clean, etc. Sure that鈥檚 great, but how much are you really in there? The bedrooms while fairly standard for Hyatt and most the chains these days (comfortable beds, flatscreens, etc.) the furniture was a little worn. Some of my furniture had lots of nicks and scrapes. Additionally the attractive leather chair at the desk was not adjustable nor that comfortbale so I could not really utilize the desk in comfort as I could with an ergonomic chair many hotels provide these days. The bedroom portion of the room itself reminded me a bit of the size you find in NYC at a 鈥淲鈥?or something similar. There is not much area between the bed and wall/dressers so if two of you are trying to pass to get to the door or bath at the same time, it will be tight. Realistically that is not untypical for an urban hotel but in many of the Seattle downtown properties, they appear to be a bit more generous in the size of the bedroom itself (in this case, a decent amount of square footage goes to the bathroom). Perhaps it was just the layout or usage of the square footage but I was not that excited about it. Gym 鈥?Well I am always fairly happy with the Hyatt facilities for their gym and one of the reasons I come back. Maintaining a workout on the road is important to me and they are always well equipped, clean and spacious and are more like a real 鈥済ym鈥?than just a small 鈥渇itness room鈥?that many properties offer. All that being said, I probably won鈥檛 come back to this particular Hyatt. I think Seattle has a lot more 鈥渋nteresting鈥?properties in this price range and location with special touches you just don鈥檛 get at the larger corporate chains. Ahhh鈥?consistent but boring.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>clifton2a
<Content>Still the best            
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>YC-YVR
<Content>Thanksgiving weekend downtown       Bathroom  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>StuffAndStuff
<Content>Loved it! This hotel is stellar! Room was updated and contemporary. We stayed in a corner suite and loved the view and layout. Front desk was very friendly and well-staffed (I am not the most patient person). Food was good at the steakhouse in the lobby and of course the lobby Starbucks was definitely convenient. We went to an event at the Paramount Theater, which was just across the street and shopping was around the corner. Oh, and we arrived several hours before check-in, so of course the room wasn't ready. But the front desk rushed the cleaning and called me on my cell phone as soon as it was.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rogjaminov
<Content>Great location - friendly staff My girlfriend booked this hotel for a fun weekend away. I usually have good luck with hotels in Seattle, but this place is phenomenal. Not only is it modern and very comfortable (the beds are incredible), but the location can't be beat. It's right in the heart of the shopping district downtown and there are plenty of great restaurants nearby (try the Metropolitan Grill for happy hour). The room we stayed in had electric blinds that virtually black out the room, so you won't be woken up by the light creeping through the curtains. And when you eventually wake up, naturally there's a Starbucks in the lobby.I've stayed in some good hotels in Seattle, but I'll return to the Hyatt next time I'm in town.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>milboj
<Content>Loved it!       The bed  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>HappyWeekender
<Content>Excellent center city hotel A beautiful centrally-located hotel in downtown Seattle. Has a modern norhwest contemporary feel with use of beautiful wood paneling, furntiure, and natural colors. The rooms are spacious, each with a with plasma TV and extra large marble bathroom. All rooms are floors 10-28, so I assume that all have excellent views. Located within a couple blocks of excellent shopping, restaurants, and theaters. Pike Place market about 7 blocks west. Vicinty of hotel is a comfortable area to walk during the day and evening hours. The new hotel fitness center is spacious, has modern new equipment, and its mirrored walls and beautiful wood paneling throughout give it a rich and spacious feel.. I travel regularly for business, and this is a special hotel that I would recommend to anyone who needs to stay in downtown Seattle. We live nearby in Bellevue, so this was a special weekend getaway stay in Seattle with friends. The rates were very competitive, and we all enjoyed our stay.. (Starbucks adjacent to lobby is handy for our morning coffee).  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>maydull
<Content>Perfect! This is was the nicest, best hotel I have ever stayed at. Everything...room, view, service, location, was perfect. Five stars, no doubt.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>schvitzNewYorkCity
<Content>Mpdern and fine We had lovely five-day stay in Seattle at this excellent hotel. Our daughter booked the reservation, she being in sales at the newly-opened Four Seasons [FS was not yet open for us to stay there]. She picked well. It's a large hotel, but everything was as one would have expected at a 4-star property.Two complaints1. The young man at the concierge desk assured me --ASSURED me -- that there would be cabs at the front door to take us to Sea-Tac for our 7am flight back to New York. He was wrong, and I nearly had a cow. Otherwise, that desk was knowledgeable and helpful.2. The minibar has sensors, so that if you just move things around to see what's there, you get charged. The front desk, however, did reverse the charges when I called to complain. This is yet one more reason to bring your own snacks into the room.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JohnTes
<Content>A Great Property and Stay I thoroughly enjoyed my 2-night stay at the Grand Hyatt-Seattle. The location is terrific and the rooms are luxurious and spacious. There was a problem with the heating (as in, no heat would come out) but the maintenance staff came up immediately to fix it and everything else was perfect. I was in a corner room on the 24th floor and the views were amazing. I previously stayed at the Grand Hyatt-Seattle a few times and can't wait for my next opportunity to return!  
<Date>Nov 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelerinva
<Content>Great experience at the Hyatt After extensive research into the hotel options in downtown Seattle, we booked at the Grand Hyatt. We wanted to be within walking distance to everything and this was in a great location for all the sights. We booked directly through hyatt.com and got a great AAA rate ($230/night avg for a corner suite) for 4 nights (Sat-Wed). When we arrived, we were told we had been upgraded (we hadn't even thought to ask for an upgrade) to an executive suite. Our suite was on the 28th floor--almost at the top, the view was great and the suite was very spacious, clean and had a lot of extras. There were 2 bathrooms (1 and a half really), the main bathroom had a great soaking tub, a glass shower with 2 shower heads and wonderful robes. There were 2 flat screen TVs--one in the bedroom and one in the living room, a refrigerator, a great coffee maker and an iPod dock. We really couldn't have asked for a better place to stay! We also had our 5 month old baby with us and they provided a nice crib, soft blanket, extra towels and lots of baby bath products and a rubber ducky! I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Febo17
<Content>Modern Downtown Hotel This is a nice modern hotel in downtown Seattle. The common areas are all very clean and first rate. The gym is above average by hotel standards, complete with sauna, whirlpool and steam room.My room was clean with a comfortable bed and nice flat screen tv. The room itself was a bit on the small side but okay for a night or two. The bathroom on the other hand was quite roomy and very nice. The shower water pressure in my particular room was below average. The rooms facing east are adjacent to a residential building so I mostly kept the blinds closed. If I were to stay at this hotel again, I would request a room with a view to the west or south.The hotel is conveniently located downtown around many shops and restaurants. Pike Place Market is about a 5 or 6 block walk. Overall, this is a good choice for business travellers to Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlobalJana
<Content>Loved the Decor and the Views! This is one of the best Hyatts I've stayed in! The location is great (in downtown Seattle - very close to all the shopping) and the views of the sound are amazing from the top floors. We stayed on the 22nd floor with a view of the sound but also had a view of the space needle. Definitely ask for a room on one of the top floors - they upgraded us at no cost.The gym here is wonderful - complete w steam room, sauna, and hot tub. Its pretty large for a hotel gym with an extensive collection of equipment.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>THEDENTS
<Content>Great Business Trip My husband gets to go on a week long business trip once a year at different destinations. This year we got to go to Seattle. We didn't get to choose what hotel but we were very impressed with the Grand Hyatt Hotel. The hotel was so nice and clean. The location was great for shopping and food too! I go to the gym 5 days a week and having a nice place to work out when you travel is very nice to have, and the Grand Hyatt did! I was impressed with the beautiful bathroom in our room, it was huge and had marble all over and the shower had glass all around it. There was a nice soaker tub to relax in. You definately get what you pay for here! The view from our room was nice as well, I requested to be on an upper floor so we could have a nice view and they were so nice to do that for us! No problem! The hotel also had umbrellas in our closets in the room and they came very handy while were there!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>smiles2Wisconsin
<Content>Fantastic at the Grand Hyatt Seattle Stayed 4 days and can't think of a single thing that wasn't great! The room was very clean and up to date. The bathroom was amazing - you can live in there alone! :) The staff was always pleasant. It was within walking distance to so many things including Pike's Market, the Space Needle, and Pilgrim's Square. It's the hotel with a level of excellence to beat!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KiwisLA
<Content>2nd visit not as good as the 1st I reviewed this hotel in Feb 08 and gave it a great review. However we experienced a number of problems this time which detracted from their previous service.We made a booking for a room with 2 beds, one for us and one for our teenager. They turned out to be very small double beds, (almost incapable of holding two grown adults), not queens which are the usual size in most upscale hotels of this category. Unfortunately they were also very uncomfortable which is strange as we have found Hyatt beds so comfortable previously we even considered buying one! Secondly our room had a connecting door to the next room. There was a lock for safety, unfortunately it didn't stop any noise which meant that we could hear every conversation, cough and pin drop next door. Thirdly when we tried to fill the bath the plug would not work and the bath drained quicker than it was filling. Unfortunately we only found this out at 11pm on our first night. After reporting it next morning it was mended before 6pm. It meant that we only had a chance to use the bath on one of our two nights stay, which was a bit of a let down.Fourthly, when we tried to arrange a later checkout they could not accommodate us. Odd as we didn't have a problem the previous time we stayed, even though we booked the room on points on both occasions.Lastly, when we went down to catch a taxi to the airport there was no porter to be seen anywhere. We were jumped on by two taxi drivers parked in the loop who ended up heatedly arguing over us in the middle of the Grand Hyatt driveway/lobby door area. Not exactly the behavior expected in a hotel of this class. A porter should be there at all times to organise transport, baggage, etc and to assist guests of the hotel We ended up walking onto the street to hail another taxi to avoid the argument.Our experience this time means we will reconsider our accommodation options during our next visit to Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	4	2	-1	

<Author>BenW
<Content>Sweet stay We stayed at the GHS on the last night of our two week trip out west. I had high hopes for the hotel from the TA writeups and it did not disappoint. Following the tips posted earlier, we booked a corner suite. What a spectacular view of the city and the automatic blinds are certainly cool. I loved the room. Am a world traveller and this room was done 'just so'. Very tastefully done. Eat at Ruth's Chris in the lobby. We went to some forgetable Asian place. You are only four blocks from Pike Place market here, so the location cannot be beat. A small ding to the overall experience is that the carpets throughout the common areas of the hotel need to be replaced or deeply cleaned. Am I picking nits here? Yes. Stay here in a heartbeat. It's the best in Seattle.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Suellen1
<Content>I always love a Hyatt Hotel       Seattle Space Needle  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>monday
<Content>Excellent Stay I am a frequent visitor to Seattle and thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Grand Hyatt. The hotel is in a superb location across from Pacific Place, the rooms are excellent (stayed in Exec suite which was very spacious and comfortable) and the staff were attentive when needed. Also, the gym is very well equipped and free to use for guests 24hr/day.Parking is expensive if you have a vehicle, but that is the case for all downtown Seattle hotels. Note that you can skip the valet and self park for the same price.Overall nothing but a positive experience and look forward to staying again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>JohnnyHHHHH
<Content>Great Stay at the Hyatt in Seattle I was in Seattle for a conference at the Convention Center. The hotel was fabulous. Very atttentive staff, clean rooms, very nice lobby. Ruth's Chris lobby restaurant was great. The gym was very nice and updated. The hot tub, sauna and steam room were awesome. The convention center was only 1 block away.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AHumphreys
<Content>Grand Hyatt Seattle as perfect as you can get! This hotel is beautiful! Elegant decor, very quiet, upscale, with attentive staff who seemed genuinely interested in your stay. Rooms were large with granite countertops, separate bath and shower, truly exquisite furnishings. We had a lovely view of the bay and the Tower.The hotel is one block from convention center, surrounded by incredible shopping and restaurants, and within walking distance of Pike Market.We would definitely go back and only wish we could do so immediately! It is comparable to any Ritz Carlton we have stayed in.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>niente14
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel My husband and I stayed here for two nights. Before arrival, the concierge e-mails and offers to help with any needs you may have. I had him make dinner reserevations at Ruth's Chris and The Georgian at the Fairmont . He e-mailed me the reservations. At check in, we were informed that we were upgraded to a King Corner Suite on the 19th floor. We were also handed a envelope with the dinner reservations and a map with the restaurants locations. The view from our suite was fantastic. Looking west was the view of the water, north the Space Needle. Location, location, location. It does not get any better then the Hyatt. The first night we dined at Ruth's Chris, the waiter told us that the concierge was treating us to an appetizer. How nice. Of course the food was delicious. The suite was very clean, bed super comfortable, and the bathroom spacious with the beautiful white marble. We travel extensively as we are retired. The staff at the Hyatt are some of the best we have ever encountered.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SeminarTrekker
<Content>Great Service, Quiet        Former Japanese Americans farmers at the Pike Market  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Tiff112
<Content>Always a great stay! I stay at this hotel each year, and am always so impressed with the consistency of excellent staff! They are so hospitable and friendly, from the moment you arrive to the hotel you feel right at home. The only thing I wasn't really impressed with was the Concierge. I had asked for a place that might still serve breakfast after 11am and was given one choice really far away and a bunch on sandwich places. As I was only asking for breakfast places this kind of perturbed me but what ever. I found the Cheesecake Cafe right behind the hotel, and enjoyed an omelette off of their extensive menu. The restaurant in the hotel is awesome! The fruit you receive with your breakfast is so fresh! And the servers were so friendly. We came back late one night and had missed their dinner cut off, the server was able to provide us with dinning close to the hotel, but as we really just wanted a nightcap we decided to stay there. I will definitely recommend this hotel to people who are planning a trip to Seattle and look forward to returning next year! Oh and I must mention the bathrooms are fantastic!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WellTraveled20yo
<Content>Simply Wonderful Location of the hotel is awsome. Everything downtown is walkable, and if it's raining they have umbrellas you may borrow from your room. No need for a car really if you are there for only a few days. Staff is wonderful! I was in a corner room on a lower floor but my view was still wonderful. The bathrooms are spacious, with a stand alone shower and a soaking tub. This hotel is quite the oasis in a very busy part of the city.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Traveller98245
<Content>Best hotel I've found in Seattle My wife and I, along with our 2 year old daughter, travel to Seattle frequently for short 2 or 3 day visits. We have tried many hotels and have finally decided that we can't do any better than the Grand Hyatt. We usually get a Corner Suite or an Emerald Suite. I'll admit that it's a bit pricey, but we're very picky about cleanliness and comfort when it comes to hotels and we're willing to pay extra to get those. The Hyatt delivers! The suites we have been in were exactly what the website made them out to be, and the bathrooms have to be seen to be believed. Lastly, our daughter cheers and claps when we pull up to the entrance, and she loves talking about the rubber ducks that housekeeping puts in our room.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Photopedia
<Content>Downtown and up there with the best of them       View of the Space Needle from our hotel room  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>BigAlFromDaBronx
<Content>Great Hotel Everything was perfect, and I mean everything. The staff was great, the view was good, and the amenities were top notch. Unfortunately, this year the prices went through the roof, so I had to stay elsewhere, which was a let down.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SJhulawahine
<Content>Loved This Hotel We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle and we loved it. We reserved 4 corner suites for family members and there were no complaints from anyone.Check In : was very smooth. Three of the four rooms were ready when we checked in at 2pm. The 4th was ready after we returned from a late lunch. Although I requested all rooms to be on one floor, they weren't able to accomodate that. However we were only one or two floors away from each other so it wasn't a problem.Room : the corner suites are nice, a little on the smaller side though. But we did like having a small sitting room with couch/chair and TV area. It fit about 3-4 people comfortably. A long hallway connected it to the bedroom (king bed only). Our bathroom was wonderful. We used both the shower and bath. What a great way to end a day of walking, by taking a hot bath! When we checked in, we were assured there was going to be a crib in our room, however when we opened the door, there was a rollaway. I called the front desk and explained the situation and within minutes, someone brought a crib (pack'n'play type) and took away the rollaway. Grand Hyatt provides a blanket and small travel pack with the crib (shampoo, diaper rash cream, etc). That was a nice touch. We had two big closets. They also provide an umbrella (which is hanging in the closet) and robes for guests to use during their stay. The electronic shades are nice and the do not disturb sign lights up instead of the typical door hanger.Housekeeping : was great. we asked for extra towels and soaps which we received promptly.Area : is good. Two blocks from Nordstroms, 3 blocks from the shopping center  monorail (to the Needle), 4 blocks to Macy's and about 7 blocks to Pikes Market. I loved that everything was relatively flat (except the hill down to the Market). We walked almost everywhere since we didn't rent a car. We also used their free bus system to International District and Pioneer Square. Bus depot can be found underneath Nordstroms. You will pass a lot of homeless people though, but they never bothered us. Restaurants : We ate at Ruth Chris right in the lobby. Although pricey, it was delicious. We also ate at Pikes Market Chowder (at the Market and at the top of the shopping center kitty korner to the hotel). Shiro's Japanese food on 2nd Ave was very good. Their sushi is, of course, fresh. Reservations is recommended. We also went across the street to Dragonfish (lobby of the hotel across Pine St). It's an PanPacific restaurant and we enjoyed that too. Crab Pot along the waterfront was recommended by a local so we went there for lunch. Enjoyed the food there also.Hotel : Starbucks and Ruth Chris in lobby along with a sundry store. There are 2 computers in the lobby which guests are able to use for free to print out their boarding passes. Porters are very friendly and one of them even gave my son a beach ball!All in all, we enjoyed our stay at Grand Hyatt. We'd definitely stay there again. It is pricey but to us, it was worth it. Enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>themonstersmom
<Content>Wow! Wow what a hotel. We traveled there to see some friends that were in Seattle. This is the hotel they stayed at so we did to. This is by far the nicest hotel we have ever stayed at! When we checked in they said our room had been upgraded, super. When the bell hop looked at our room number even he was excited and said that was one of the best rooms in the place! He wasn't kidding! We basically had a 2 room, 1.5 bath apartment. My son was impressed with the bathroom, that he decided was bigger than his bedroom and he was right. We had an amazing view of the city including the Space Needle. The living room had plenty of sitting area, a wet bar, bathroom and large plasma TV. the bedroom had a nice king size bed, desk and another plasma TV. There was a full walk in closet (wish I had that at home). The bathroom was amazing, all done in marble, with a huge soaker tub and seperate glass shower (with dual showerheads). There was also a digital scale and small TV in the bathroom. The windows in each room were covered with automatic room darkening shades, I never wanted to close them because the view was so great yet my son couldn't keep himself from opening and closing them! They have a state of the art fitness room with jacuzzi tub. As one would expect in Seattle there is a Starbucks downstairs and a large gift shop. We never did eat in the fancy restaurant so I can not comment on that. This hotel is within walking distance to most everything you would need to do. If you are up for a long walk you could even walk to the baseball or football stadiums. This hotel is not cheap and is tough on a tight budget. I did lots of checking before booking this place and hotels in the Seattle area in general are expensive. After our stay I had less of an issue with the cost. We would stay here again no question about it!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tonyeng
<Content>Recommended Very nice hotel with fantastic room, friendly and helpful staff. Great location.Recommended  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BTL180
<Content>A Luxury Experience We stayed at the Grand Hyatt on a weekend trip to Seattle and loved it. It was close walking distance to the market and other downtown shopping. The hotel staff was helpful and the room was incredible. The bathroom was huge with a large tub and a separate walk in shower. The beds were comfortable and the views of Seattle were wonderful.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Airlea
<Content>Relaxed weekend The hotel was spotless, great decor, and friendly staff. I stayed for 3 nights and was impressed by most things. It was out of my budget range but I splurged and overall it was worth it. I found parking was very expensive. I drove around the block 3 times before I realized there was a section of a parkade for the hotel. From what I could tell, there wasn't any other option for parking in that area. You could do the valet parking for a few dollars more than what it would cost to park your car in the parkade. I should have done this because you get in and out as many times as you want, whereas the other option is to pay each time you leave the parkade.... by the end of the weekend, that ended up costing me more. You couldn't really hear outside noise however the actual hotel room doors SLAMMED shut. They are heavy and you can literally FEEL when someone's doors shut if their room is near yours. Not the greatest thing to wake up to throughout the night. However, the bed made up for that as it was very comfortable. Didn't have much of a view as we were on the 26th floor and facing west. We didn't spend much time in the hotel room so it did not matter. If you're looking for a view, you're going to have to go to higher floors and find out which direction the room faces. The area is where you can walk to almost everything in the downtown core. The walk to the Pike Place Market was very nice however there are many pan-handlers throughout the whole downtown core. Unfortunately you will find that no matter where you stay.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jsnover
<Content>Sweet Emerald Suite We live near Seattle, but decided to stay in town for one night - family of four with kids 12 and 7. The hotel had a special rate on the Emerald Suite that wasn't bad, so we booked that.What a great hotel - the room was gorgeous. We were on the 28th floor with wonderful views of Elliot Bay and the Space Needle. The suite has a king sized bed and a rollaway is allowed in the sitting area. We had enough space the kids started a game of hide and seek when we arrived :)The decor is lovely - modern, but very comfortable. Everything was very clean and in good order. The bathroom is large and well laid out. You have a shower and tub; lots of towel racks, toilet in a separate area with a door, robes, etc.There was plenty of hanging and suitcase space in a cleverly designed space between the living areas and the bathroom; they even snuck in a small vanity area with mirror and stool - outside the bathroom.We had breakfast in the hotel but ate out for dinner. The breakfast food in the Ruth Chris' Steakhouse was good - not cheap, but good. It's a shame they don't have a top floor restaurant like the Hyatt in San Francisco - t he views would be wonderful.The staff were pleasant although we didn't many interactions with them as things were all working well.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>spnslc
<Content>Very impressed! We were very impressed by this hotel. We had a very nice three-night, four-day stay at the Hyatt. It has nicely decorated rooms (we had a mini-suite with an adjoining double room) and they were very clean and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The location was great and the area is very walkable, too. There are all kinds of shopping areas and restaurants surrounding the hotel. We stay in 5-star hotels almost exclusively and we chose this hotel based on past reviews. We have actually stayed at many 5-star hotels that have not been as nice, or as clean, or had such a friendly staff as this hotel. It is always a pleasure when a hotel can get it ALL together for their customers!  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>durreyk
<Content>nice recent stay here. corner suite, very nice. 23rd floor. big room and clean. contemporary. only noise is sirens duing the nite. big city life! gym is great for a hotel. nice and new. weight, elip, tm, bikes. all recent. check out the nearby ruth-chris steakhouse and ask for dee. as advertised, he was great. offering alot of very helpful suggestions. seattle and the market is very crowded. but it is within a 5 block walk, self park in the garage behind the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DonnaMartinOriginals
<Content>Excellent Hotel!!!       Beds  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>davidou99
<Content>What a great hotel This is an excellent contemporary hotel in a great location in Seattle. We stayed on a combination of business and leisure in May 2007 and thoroughly enjoyed our stay in Grand Hyatt. The room is small but clean and nicely furbished. The bathroom is spacious and has luxurious feel.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>bennie1970
<Content>Great Time Wish I Had Stayed Longer my vacation started with a night at the grand hyatt.great hotel really classy.some of the staff that were extremly helpful were JAZZ the bell person.KELLY the receptionist ,and PAUL the concierge..i cant say enough about them.they really made me want to come back for a longer stay...  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CalP0ly
<Content>Excellent and Very Comfortable I used to stay at The W hotel in Seattle but now stay at this Hyatt. Beautiful rooms, great decor, some sides of the building do have a water view, great location, easy to walk down to the Pike Market, excellent shopping and sightseeing.My only compliant was the Asian gentleman working the front desk who refused to print my boarding passes after the printer on the self serve Boarding Pass Kiosk failed, I politely asked the other Gentleman working at the front desk and he immediately printed the boarding passes for us.Excellent Property for Business or TouristHighly Recommended  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	2	3	

<Author>biztraveler57
<Content>Location OK, but darker than Darth Vader I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt and was struck by how dark and dingy this supposedly four-star hotel is. The Starbucks in the lobby was probably one of the least inviting spots in this mecca for coffee. The staff was friendly but there is no view, difficult and expensive parking and difficult access unless you're a cabbie and know the city. There's no pool, and ugly architecture. Seattle Hyatt ain't so Grand.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Chemicalguy123
<Content>Great room and great location We stayed here for a romantic getaway during the Easter weekend. I really enjoyed my stay here. We found the staff to be very friendly and helpful. The room was very large and well furnished. Our bathroom was extremely large and contained both a bathtub and a shower stall. The fitness room was top of the line. The hotel is very close to the Pike Place Market and only a short monorail ride from Seattle Center and the Space Needle. Our bed was very comfortable and we are even considering buying one from their catalogue. I would recommend this hotel to any type of traveller since I can't see anybody being disappointed in any way.  
<Date>May 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>JS27
<Content>Fabulous!! We're locals, and booked an event in the Onyx Room. The location of the hotel is ideal, and the hotel itself and room were great, but we knew all this coming in. What pushes this from a good to excellent rating was the staff/service. Everyone we dealt w/ was friendly, helpful, and had a sense of humor. If we ever get to plan another event or just want to spend the night someplace where we treated like royalty, this hotel is the top of our list.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>HoustonTravel4fun
<Content>$50.00 to cancel Like another person who wrote in we were charged a $50.00 cancellation fee to cancel our reservation. Our cancellation was made three weeks in advance of the stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>2	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Briandw
<Content>Great hotel at a great location Grand Hyatt Seattle is a must-stay hotel in Seattle. Nothing to complain. Great location, facility and service as well.When we checked in, our assigned room was found to be Not Ready. Bell desk rep who helped us with luggage instantaneously guided us to new room and offered 'Club Hyatt' access to compensate the inconvenience we might had. Everything was clean and neat, and Starbucks is in the building(Of course, it's Seattle)Highly recommended !!!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MzChitown
<Content>Love it! Great service  Located near shops, food, and fun. Service was fantastic and the room was above par. Will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thehungerfortravel
<Content>Excellent location in downtown Seattle, service uneven I just returned from a weekend away at the Grand Hyatt-Seattle. Here is my breakdown of the hotel.Pro's-1) Able to check in early, arrived at 12 pm and the front desk graciously let us check-in. She even had a smile on her face and was very professional2) Ruth's Chris has a tremendous happy hour menu and is attached to the lobby of the Hyatt. Great place and SO much better than the usual hotel restaurants3) The bathrooms are incredible. My room on the 20th floor had both a bathtub and walk in shower. 4) The 32 inch LG LCD tv was a plus5) The beds are very comfortable. (but not as great as the Marriot beds)6) The concierge Scott was a good guy and very helpful Con's1) Upon check-out, my friend asked the bell-hop to bring the bags out of the temporary storage to him. He brought the 3 bags to him while I was at the Concierge and it looked as if the bags were just dropped down in a reckless manner. Also, the porter didn't offer to help us with our bags to the cab and just went back to 'stand at attention'. The experience only affirms my belief that it's best to always handle your own bags at all times.2) There were two staff members 'standing at attention' in the lobby, but NOT opening doors or offering to help you with your bags in a gracious way. I was reminded of the Vegas 'tip for everything' mentality rather than feeling that the staff was genuinely eager to help. I tend to appreciate when people are a bit more pro-active.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	2	3	

<Author>visio4
<Content>Cost up front and cancellation fee When you book with this hotel they require full prepayment and is subject to special cancellation penalty. We had a family emergency and had to cancel our trip which was bad enough and then were hit with a fee.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	-1	4	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>RPV5
<Content>The Grand Hyatt Seattle corner suite isn't so grand! We stayed at The Grand Hyatt Seattle for 3 days between Christmas and New Years. We chose this hotel based upon location for shopping and trip advisor reviews for a luxury weekend without the kids. Last time to Seattle, we stayed at The Waterfront Marriott for 2 nights before an Alaskan cruise, and I must say we both liked the Marriott overall much better than the Hyatt. We had a corner suite at The Hyatt and the layout was really weird. There is a small entryway leading into the living room. The living room had the most uncomfortable sofa, a matching chair,(both scratched and worn) mini bar and a desk and chair. One wall was floor to ceiling windows and one small panel the size of a large mailbox at floor level was the only opening window in the whole suite! And this was a smoking suite!!!! There was a very narrow hallway with closets on the left where the windows would be and the bathroom off to the right. The problem with the clostes is that if you have one of the closet doors open, the other person in the room cannot pass to go back and forth between the living room, bathroom or bedroom without closing all the closet doors. This is a very bad design flaw and we would never book a corner suite here for this reason again.The bathroom was large, clean and very nice. Separate shower, tub and lots of marble. It was the only part of the suite which lived up to The Grand Hyatt reputation. The bedroom was small (comfortable king bed, 2 nightstands, 1 chair and a dresser with a tv on top) and had 2 walls of floor to ceiling windows. Unfortunately you had to close the curtains completely if you wanted privacy as there was a new building going up across the street and the crews could and would look right in. On a postive note, the corner bedroom was incredibly quiet. Ruth Cris is their hotel restaurant and even though you can charge it to your room, you do NOT accrue Gold Passport points for dining there. Unfortunately my husband and I lost each other in Nordstrom and upon returning to the Hyatt, the front desk would not give me a key to our suite. Apparently our reservation was under his name and even though it was for a party of 2 and I had my ID AND the credit card which was the same one that they had taken an imprint of from me at check in, they still would not let me in until he arrived. I was a bit miffed to say the least. If you stay here, make sure the front desk has each persons name on the reservation in case you get locked out. Registering as Mr and Mrs is not enough.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	5	2	2	3	

<Author>biosdh
<Content>The good and the bad We stayed the night on 2/16. We are locals who just came into the city to break up a long weekend with our teen. I booked this hotel based on our teen wanting to stay in a large hotel. I booked the Emerald Suite and was not disappointed. It was a beautiful room with sweeping views of Lake Union and the Sound.I asked for an early check in and we arrived at 3 only to find out our room wasn't ready. So....we used the valet and decided to walk around town. The three of us were headed down seventh avenue when we heard this amazing ROAR....I was stunned as my car (a Porsche) was going from 0-100 in a half of a block to the parking garage in front of me. Our fourteen year old is standing there going Mom, that's your car...my husband is in stunned silence and not a happy camper.I talked to the night manager who said that they contract their valet parking out and that sometimes the garage is full. Total bologne as this had nothing to do with that. A punk took my car out and rodded it. I am not at all happy with how management handled this situation....free parking? Yes. But..how unprofessional to drive someone's car like that?I ordered champagne and strawberries as it was my husband's birthday...nothing was there so I had to call and ruin the surprise.All in all...I would go to Hotel 1000 or Hotel Andra over this place after our experience with service.The location is good for shopping but had I not used Hyatt points I would have been even more vocal. The icing on the cake was when the valet on Sunday said...Mamm, we don't hot rod cars....so he called me and my family liars as we watched my car fly down the road. Unbelievable.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravelRevue
<Content>Great Hotel Choice Stayed one night on a business trip. This was a great hotel and I would definitely stay here again on my next trip to Seattle.Check-in was easy. Room was large and very comfortably furnished. Bed and linens provided a great nights rest. The bathrooms was outstanding. Large and clean, the bathroom had one of the largest stand-up shower I've ever used. Flat screen tv was a great touch and the chair/ottoman was a great place to unwind and watch the tv. I ordered room service and was satisfied, although, like many hotels, was very pricey.Location is great - walking distance to everything in town and Pike Place and either a good walk or short cab to Belltown and all the bars and restaurants located there.I would definitely consider the Grand Hyatt for my next Seattle visit.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>RichardJenkins
<Content>Good place to stay       View from the room (14th floor)  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	3	1	

<Author>flyingboy
<Content>pure elegance the grand hyatt....simply one of the most beautiful i ve ever stayed in ..the location: right in the heart of downtown seattlea huge and luxurious lobby the hotel is big but yiou do not feel it it remains a rather very quiet hotel and the staff is very helpful and friendlythe room: big with a great bed and for many rooms a magnificient view of the city luxurious and modern furniturethe bathroom: the best !!!! very big beautiful design and materials i d love to add some bad points to this hotel but i haven't seen any.... well maybe the breakfast with no buffet but that isn 't a big problem ( for buffet lovers avoid the hotel for the breakfast ) and the room service is quite expensive as welljulien from france  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>blah114
<Content>Possibly the Nicest Hotel in Seattle I have been to Seattle about 5 times. This last time, my stay was at the Grand Hyatt. This hotel is among the nicest at which I've ever stayed. The rooms each have a cordless phone and the shower was marble with a glass door. The elevators are away from all rooms, it seemed, so there was not much noise. Everything at this hotel costs money, however, including ice. It did get quite old to call room service for ice. The room had a beautfiul view, nice bed, and a doorbell. I felt like I was staying in a suite but was told I was not. The room had a separate tub, also marble surrounded. The place was immaculate. Centrally located for tourists and conventions (right across from convention center), yet peacefully quiet. If you can afford the high rates at this hotel, or get a good deal, I strongly recommend this hotel. I have stayed at the Westin, Sheraton, and others that are not worth mentioning. This, by far, is the nicest. It rivals any Ritz Cartlon we've stayed at, that is for certain.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lsdaloia
<Content>Loved the Hyatt Based on reviews on tis site, we stayed at the Hyatt 11/30-12/2. It is a great property in downtown Seattle. Barney's, Nordstrom's and lots of other shopping is within two blocks. It is a short walk to Pike Market.The staff was incredible. When we got back to the hotel Saturday afternoon, the room still wasn't made up. We called downstairs and let housekeeping know we were going to the gym, and needed the room made up right away. No problem! Our requests for ice, towels, etc were handled promptly and courteously.We had a corner room, which was big. However, I'm not sure I'd book another room like this, since you have to keep the curtains closed to block out light from the street (not to mention for privacy).My husband and I both worked out at the gym. They have everything you can imagine there -- freeweights, weight machines, ellipticals, bikes, treadmills, etc. They even have exercise balls and body bars. They had more equipment in the gym than any other hotel I've stayed at, including a Four Seasons.We will definitely stay at the Hyatt again the next time we're in Seattle.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ybgdess
<Content>Wonderful hotel in a great location       Entryway of room at Grand Hyatt  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>washington_wahine
<Content>One of the best Seattle hotels       bathroom  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kpieper876
<Content>Best Hotel in Seattle I stay in Seattle a few times every month. I have had the opportunity to stay at several hotels on the Tripadvisor list, from cheap to boutique. For the money, the Hyatt Grand is the best deal. It has the nicest amenities and friendly staff. The hotel is excellently furbished and has a 24 hour gym.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BloomingYaya
<Content>Respectable Mommy kicked out of the Hyatt!! Letter sent to Hyatt Consumer Complaints:I am a busy mother of 3 young children. As such, I was looking so very forward to attending the Humane Education Workshop in Vancouver, BC on October 19-20. Although I intended to attend the workshop to enhance my proficiency as a university professor, I have no shame in admitting that I relished the idea of a few precious days all to myself.My day started on a bad note when I was bumped from my flight in Podunk, Washington. Without any other feasible flight option, I found myself facing a 7 to 8 hour drive to Vancouver. I did not know it at the time, but my journey would include an emergency tire purchase in Ellensburg and a trip over Snoqualmie Pass during a Severe Storm Warning. I stopped in North Bend to rest after conquering the pass, and decided to make hotel reservations in Seattle for the night to rest my weary bones. I had stayed at the Grand Hyatt once before and LOVED it, so I decided to indulge myself and made reservations.I arrived at the Seattle Grand Hyatt shortly after 8pm, checked in without incident, settled myself into my room and then happily made my way to the nearby Cheesecake Factory for Avocado Eggrolls and decadent cheesecake. I had not eaten anything that day so to simply state that I enjoyed my dinner would be an enormous misrepresentation of my experience! (In fact, even with what was to come, having eaten that one extraordinary meal...made it all worthwhile!!)I practically skipped back to my room, looking forward to a relaxing bath and a good night's sleep. Alas, my key didn't work, so I made my way to the lobby to get another.When I arrived at the front desk at approximately 11pm, I was asked if I had another form of payment, as my card was not accepting the room charge. I did not have another form of payment. I do not use credit cards (I use only my Visa debit card), I don't use checks (who takes out-of-town checks anymore??) and never carry cash, except for the occasional $20.I immediately knew what was wrong. I use a small credit union and, for whatever reason, (I can only assume it is an anti-theft/safety measure) when my card is used outside my home area, a safety hold kicks in and the card declines further debits. I can only resolve the issue by calling my credit union (which operates 8-5pm on weekdays). They immediately remove the hold and make note in their system that I have traveled outside my home area. (I only know this because I traveled to Nelson, BC and Chicago, Illinois over the summer and both times had to call my credit union because of the afore mentioned safety hold. Fortunately, The W in Chicago was much more understanding of my circumstances than the Grand Hyatt ended up being.)I offered to call my husband to give them his credit card number to act as a guarantor until morning, but was required to have him fax his permission. We don't have a fax machine at our house and I absolutely could not ask my husband to wake my three sleeping children at 11pm to go hunting for a fax machine. I offered collateral (I have a very lovely MacBook that I can't live without and would have served as a SUBSTANTIAL motivator for me to pay my hotel bill!! I also have a shiny little Pontiac Vibe, which was already in their possession!!) I even went so far as to pull up my banking account online, showing the manager my account balance (which was approximately $1739).After all of my pleading, I was escorted by security at 11:30pm to collect my things from the room and was tossed out on my ear. Faced with no other option, I got in my car and drove back home, through the same weather conditions I had faced earlier. (I have BLISTERS on three of my fingers from gripping the steering wheel so firmly while battling the severe gusts of wind...it was THAT bad.)Having endured my gripping tale, you might be wondering about the purpose of my email, aside from my seemingly obvious penchant for whining. My purpose is to ask a simple question.Is there no room for decency or compassion within the Hyatt corporate structure?Seriously. EVERY SINGLE SIGN suggested that I was a trustworthy person. I had really good evidence to support my claims. Yet, given the opportunity to be a shining example of customer service, your hotel staff chose instead to toss me out on my ear at 11:30pm.Shame on you, Hyatt. Any corporation that would require their employees to stand belligerent, unsympathetic and utterly opposed to one simple and ordinary act of human kindness, does not deserve my patronage.This, my unbelievably discourteous treatment at the hands of your little corporate minions, I shall shout from the rooftops.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	5	5	5	1	1	1	

<Author>AustinWorldTraveler
<Content>Couldn't have been better Stayed first week of Oct. in an Emerald Suite. Awesome views, clean, quiet room, comfortable bed, large sitting area, bedroom  bathroom. Staff is extremely helpful and friendly. The Steakhouse on site is excellent. Ate there for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Hotel located within walking distance to Pike's Market, shopping, restaurants, etc. I guess the only negative is pulling into the hotel because the space is small and tight so it easily becomes congested. However, valet does a great job keeping the cars and taxi's out of the area. Our experience could not have been any better. This is an awesome place and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DLP1000
<Content>Didn't honor 2 double bed reservation The hotel is in a nice area, except at night, when there are lots of homeless who show up a block or two away. Staff are friendly, but they refused to honor my 2 double bed reservation. They did offer a cot, but when you are on a business trip, it is hard to decide which person should stay in a cot at a 5 star hotel. If you need a guaranteed room type (1 or 2 beds), this hotel is not for you. Otherwise, if you feel lucky, give it a try...  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>quiltlover
<Content>Another "Hooray !" for the Grand Hyatt This is a great hotel: friendly staff, comfortable room and fantastic location. I agree with all the former posters in many ways. We liked to be on the 23 rd floor. We had a great city viewand it was just perfect to sit on the comfy armchair, put the legs on a foot stool and enjoy the view after a busy day in the city.And the bathroom - all positive reviews are true! And the fluffy bathrobes were a special treat!! Thanks to TA we choose the Grand Hyatt and we did enjoy the very central location very much. Pikes Place was an easy walkand lots of stores and restaurants were close (we did not eat at the restaurant within the hotel - I am vegetarian and steakhousesare not my first choice - Ha!!).WI-Fi was via T-mobil and did cost 9.90 a day. This is the onlything that was not a pleasure in the hotel. At lots of other places it is free and should be here,too. But still 5 points from us.We would like to come back and stay here again  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>OldCritical
<Content>A Very Comfortable Stay I used the tripadvisor ratings, and chose the Grand Hyatt in downtown Seattle for a four day stay in that city. There were four of us, so I booked 2 rooms. There was very little difference between the two rooms. The rooms were well maintained, the beds were comfortable, the bathroom was a pleasure, and the breakfast in the on site Ruth Chris's Steakhouse was excellent. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MGerein
<Content>Amazing Service, Great Room! The Grand Hyatt in Seattle has reminded me how delightful great customer service can be! From the moment I checked in, the service was absolutely top notch - friendly, helpful, and anticipating.The room service was the best I've had in recent (and distant!) memory. The the food was piping hot and my beef tenderloin could be cut with a spoon! Even the presentation was top notch (no small task for food arriving on a tray!)My room was beautiful, the bath luxurious, and the bed wonderfully comfortable. The workout facility is honestly almost better than the gym I go to, back home.I HIGHLY recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Travelling-Ghost
<Content>A well located and furnished hotel       Standard minibar, tv, and the small empty drawers  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Trav1964
<Content>Great Option What a pleasant surprise. I stayed in this hotel because I was attending a conference. The rooms are great鈥nd I am picky. The bathroom was nice with granite/marble (who can tell the difference anymore). Bed was great. Nice size room. Really nothing negative to say. I am typically a boutique hotel kind of guy for vacation, but if you are looking for a nice hotel in downtown Seattle, this is not a bad option. I stayed at the W before I moved to this hotel. I liked this hotel better than the W. Quite a statement coming from someone who has stayed at several W hotels around the world and recommend them. If the rate is decent, consider this option. It is typically that big hotel feel, but worth the stay.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>milomannn
<Content>Beautiful rooms We stayed at the Hyatt for 4 days during a conference. The room was one of the best we have had. It was spacious, well appointed and had a glorious view over Seattle (24th floor). But what we really loved was the bathroom that was also large and comfortable with both a shower and bath. Would definitely revist this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>redheadedangel41
<Content>Very classy hotel in downtown seattle       entry  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wolfatlga
<Content>One of the best hotels we have stayed at... We stayed in an Emerald Suite that was on the corner of the hotel on the 30th floor, with incredible views. On one side was the Space Needle and the other view was the Market and the ocean. We went out of the front door turned left and two blocks to the Monorail station that went to the Space Needle.The staff was exceptional from the moment we arrived till we departed.One other note, we got a discounted rate since we have AAA. We booked directly with the hotel online as soon as we booked our Alaskan cruise.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>StewParis
<Content>Very nice property I've stayed to the Grand Hyatt for 2 days. It's a very nice property close from everything. The room are nice well decorated and have a good size and the best are the bathrooms really hudge separate bath and shower and you can play with the light to have it less bright so you can make a kind atmosphere and relax in your bath. Staff is nice nothing special. Breakfast is god also you can chose on a card but no buffet ! We will be back in this hotel for shure.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	3	5	

<Author>momon
<Content>Nice place I booked this hotel about a month before arriving and I booked based on Tripadvisor reviews. I originally had booked a corner room as they had a special online. We arrived at the hotel around 1pm and check in was a breeze. To my surprise, we were upgraded to an executive suite free of charge. Nice gesture on the hotels part.The room was immaculate and large. There was actually a bar in the living room area should you want to entertain guests. The bathrooms and ameneties were perfect and so was the very comfortable bed. The location is central to everything and you can pretty much walk anywhere. My only issue was the fact that they charge you $10 per day for an internet connection. While $10 is not the end of the world, most hotels offer this for free and there is no reason a hotel of this calibre should not do this too. Other than that, this place is great and I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>InLoveWithWeddings
<Content>Wonderful stay! My husband and I stayed at the Hyatt prior to leaving for our cruise to Alaska. The hotel has a modern feel and is beautiful. Our room was very nice, but on the small side. The bathroom was huge (almost bigger than the actual room). I absolutely loved it! Our bed was extremely comfortable too.The Hyatt is in a great location and is in walking distance to Pike's Market. We walked to the Space Needle, but there is a tram if you don't feel like walking far. A cab ride from the airport will run about $30. We took a limo for $40.We ate at Ruth's Chris located at the Hyatt. It was very good as usual.I was most impressed with the front desk and concierge service. Everyone was extremely friendly and helpful. We asked for a cab and only waited about 30 seconds.I would stay at this hotel again if the price was right.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>marla5575
<Content>Beautiful hotel I don't know what happened to the poor couple who stayed here around the same time my husband and I did, but we had a great experience. We found all of the front desk and bell staff to be extremely helpful and friendly, looking up concerts that were in town and acquiring sold-out Seahawks tickets for us. We did have a separate tub and shower and enjoyed the deep tub and water pressure in the shower. The toiletries are nice lavender-citrus scented, but for sensitive skin I don't recommend using the body lotion - it made my eczema flare up.The location is awesome - 10 minute walk to Pike Place, upscale shopping all around, plus an Old Navy a block away. 15 minutes down 2nd are great bars and restaurants and the Convention Center is a block away.Parking is $26 a day and it's valet, but that is to be expected in a nice hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dogsareforlife
<Content>Excellent central hotel I don't recognise the service and amenity problems from the poster below. Our bags were collected from our car and taken to our room whilst we returned our car to the hire company. Check in was cheerful, professional and very welcoming. Bags were in our room for arrival.Our room, 2922, was an Emerald Suite on the 29th floor. It was very well appointed with stunning views out of 3 huge windows (on two sides of the room) so we could see the space needle and the sound and city. You could also see the Westin which looked old and dated in comparison (that's a view from the outside - didn't see inside the Westin). The suite was large and comfortable - the bathroom was exceptional - a huge deep tub, a shower and huge sink with mirrors. It had a separate WC, robes and all the usual amenities.The only problem was a false fire alarm on the 2nd Sept - it wasn't well communicated from the staff although they were apologetic the next morning. At least I know I can walk down 29 flights of stairs without any problems! Nice to see Seattle's bravest turning up in quick time too!The reception area was nice but dark - perhaps that's one area where they could improve the lighting - but that really is a very small issue - overall this is a great hotel in a great spot - exceptionally helpful and friendly staff who really couldn't have been more pleasant. One last thing - $10 a day for internet is just a little bit nickel and dime in a hotel of this quality...it should be complimentary. Stay here, you'll have a great time in a nice part of Seattle!  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nonamesforme
<Content>Very nice We stayed at the Seattle Grand Hyatt over Labor Day weekend, adult children. We were all very happy with the Hyatt. Check in was easy, the rooms are well appointed, the bathrooms are very nice (although only one sink), the breakfast, provided at Ruth's Chris Steakhouse off the lobby was good, andthe concierge was genuinely helpful. The exercise room isdecent in size. The adult children liked the steamroom andsauna. The parking is pretty expensive--valet at $39/night.I would recommend the Hyatt and would stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BruceT
<Content>Surely, not the #1 in Seattle Had reservations at Westin but changed after reading reviews  seeing the pictures of the bath area. Should have kept my reservations at the Westin or probably should have booked at the Marriott.We took the shuttle which we learned about via of the Hyatt website. We were put out at the 6th Street entrance. There was no one there at that entrance to help with baggage. We had 4 suitcases  first had to lug up stairs to the lobby. Once in the lobby, which was not impressive, we were not greeted by anyone. We lugged our bags to a cart that was at the check in deck. No problem with the check in. When the lady asked if we needed help with our luggage, we said that we had lugged it this far  had put it on the cart  thus we could get it to the room. She replied by saying that we could not use the cart  that the bell boy would have to push it.We were up high  had a good view of the Sound  the Lake but the ATT building was in the way. When I looked in our bathroom, I noticed that it did not have a separte shower. I called the front desk to ask what happened. I told her that my main reason for changing was due to the bath area reviews. At first she did not know what I was talking about  then she said that they did have a couple of rooms that did not have a separate shower. I asked for another room  she said that they were booked up unless I wanted to upgrade. I told her no  that we would just keep the room. We proceeded to unpack.Shortly later, some lady knocked at the door  inquired as to our check in. I told her what had happened  she said that she would see what she could do. Just before we left our room, she called back to see if we wanted to move  we said no because we had already unpacked. Probably should have based on future problems.Went downstairs to the concierge, Eric. He was on the phone, not business purpose. He apparently did not appreciate us bothering him  thus he was very short with us  was no help. In fact, one of the waiters in the bar was more helpful.The bath area was very, very disappointing. The first night, we could not get but luke warm water. Only one time during our stay, did we even have to turn the cold water on. The tub was nice  big but it had some space at the back  front. This was a problem for the shower. The shower curtain did not cover the whole tub  thus water would run out on the floor. The only way for the shower not to make a mess was to take it off the holder  hold it close to the tub. Have you ever had to take a shower that the water went from would go back  forth from kind of hot to luke warm  the pressure would go back  forth? If not, stay at the Hyatt.If this is the #1 rated hotel in Seattle, then I hate to see the others. Maybe, trip advisor needs to revisit as to how they rate the hotels. We left Seattle  went to Vancouver for a couple of nights  then drove back to Seattle to fly back home. The night before we left, we stayed at the Marriotti at the airport  it was great. If it were downtown, it would put the Hyatt to shame.The best thing about the location was it was on the same block that I had a rental car.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jamesyo
<Content>very comfortable, highly recommended a little pricey, but very good. clean, hotel staff not necessarily the most overly-friendly, but competent. had a prob w/ the in-room internet - tmobile signal was weak and the hard-line service was not working. finally a very nice engineer got it working...just peaved because it took some time to resolve when we wanted to be out and about. another note: if you have a cingular data card, the sig is weak on the 12th floor.just heard from a friend that the fairmont was cheaper and equally nice. that said, hyatt is def recommended!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brikrist
<Content>Fantastic stay - highly recommended Booked a saturday night stay via Hotwire. Fast service, very friendly staff. Quickly got us a vase for flowers. Seamless check-in/check-out and valet. Great workout room open 24/7. Very walkable to everything downtown - great location. Fantastic experience. I stayed at the W a week later - Hyatt was nicer, more well-staffed and friendly, and a better room for the Hotwire price as well. Would recommend this highly to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kouka1961
<Content>Excellent Choice We had 2 stays at the Grand Hyatt in August for vacation. It is excellent. The service and rooms are superb. We had the Emerald Suite and it was great.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TheTravelingHobo
<Content>Practically perfect in every way       Safeco  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dogboy87
<Content>Just married! We stayed two nights here while my fiancee/wife and I had our wedding (also at the Hyatt) so our experience may be different than the casual vacation-goer. With that caveat, I have only one word to describe our experience: amazing! The level of service is far superior to any I had ever received. The staff is warm and they really do anticipate your needs. We had one small problem with the shower drain and they had a service person to fix the problem within minutes. The rooms are beautiful and very well appointed. The only very small critique would be the televisions. It seems strange that in such a luxury hotel, they would supply their suites with small, standard-def televisions. Of course, the Hyatt isn't so much a business hotel as it is a vacation hotel so I imagine people have better things to do then sit around watching tv.If anyone reading this is considering the Hyatt for their wedding, I can't recommend the Hyatt enough. There's just no alternative.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tiffburt
<Content>Beyond Expectations The hotel was immaculate. Stunning lobby and front desk area. We had a corner suite with views of the city and Puget Sound. We could see the hydroplanes landing on the water and all the sailboats from our bed. I loved the automated shade...the switch was right next to the bed making it easy to hide or enjoy the view whenever we wanted. The room was nicely equipped with floor to ceiling windows and the beds were incredibly comfortable. We spent an entire day in bed. :)The staff was very courteous and professional. The concierge helped us find a trip fit for me (I'm pregnant) and the room service and guest services people were also fantastic. The hotel is in the perfect location, very nice neighborhood and not far from all the sites. We walked to Pike's Market and Space Needle. I highly, highly recommend this hotel. I couldn't find a single thing wrong with it. It definitely exceeded my expectations.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>transatlanticfoodie
<Content>Beatiful Hotel, Great Location Wonderful location in the middle of the downtown shopping district. Lovely common areas, spacious rooms with large windows. Warm and friendly staff. All of our needs were met. The Grand Hyatt exceeded our expectations.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeebLondon
<Content>Fantastic bathroom We booked a double room for three nights to begin our holiday to Washington State. The room was a good size, but the bathroom was amazing! The view was pretty ordinary on the North side, but the height of the 21st floor make it interesting anyway.We ate in the curiously named Ruth's Chris Steakhouse downstairs which was freezing cold with rather overactive air-conditioning! Food was good quality but we were really too jet lagged to appreciate it! Breakfasts down there are huge, but on the expensive side.One tip for breakfast is to go down the road to Vons where you can have an unlimited breakfast buffett (including Champagne!) for $11 which is a bargin!We'd probably stay there again for a little bit of luxury!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>TheQualityTime
<Content>Showing some wear but Grand views!       Bedroom  
<Date>Aug 19, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>boutiques
<Content>Outstanding My wife and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt on August 7-9, and enjoyed our time immensely. We stayed in room 2722, an Emerald Suite, and were given complimentary access to the Regency Club on the same floor. Here's the good: - Very peaceful and quiet - not the place to go for a party. - Excellent location - just at the E. edge of the central shopping district, probably six blocks (a nice walk) from the Public Market. Plenty of great restaurants (try ICONS - outstanding comfort food). - Excellent view (NW corner of the hotel) - directly down Pike Street past the shopping district to the Public Market, and Elliot Bay beyond. Also great view to the N. of the Space Needle. - Large room - size was perfect and comfortable. - Blackout shades - if you want to sleep in and not be awakened by the light, you'll have no problem here. - Helpful, courteous staff - we found everyone to be helpful and attentive, especially in the Regency Club. - Tastefully decorated - very warm, sumptuous appointments throughout. Great sheets and pillows. Great lighting. Great bathtub and shower. NW theme with understated asian influence. - Regency Club - tasty breakfast (if you enjoy granola and fresh fruit, and pastries), yummy snacks, plenty of papers and interesting books, great place to relax. There's complimentary internet access here also.Here's the could have been better (I'm reaching here, as we loved it and will definitely come back again!): - Hot water was lukewarm the first evening - no problem throughout the rest of our stay. - Drop off area is tight. Had to wait probably 10 minutes for a cab when we departed. If looking for a quiet, centrally located hotel for a getaway with your spouse, this is a great choice!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Karen_To
<Content>Wonderful location, great hotel. We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 nights in July 2007. We are a married couple travelling with our 7 month old son. We had a room on the 25th floor with a fantastic view over the water. The rooms are what you expect from a Hyatt - high end fixtures and decor. The bathrooms are massive with a separate frameless shower and extra deep soaker tup with a waterfall fawcet. The linens and bed a very comfortable and the floor to ceiling window had an electronic blackout shade which could be controlled from the bed. Seriously - it was top notch. Our only complaint, which isn't really even very fair is that we had recently stayed at the Fairmont Banff Springs and it is very hard to beat Fairmont in terms of service and Hyatt just isn't quite there. There are just little things - like the person you call to request your car be brought up - she was very gruff. But really, this is hardly that important. Also, there are no automatic doors - this is a pain for people with a stroller, but would also be a headache for people requiring wheeled assistance. Highly recommended. The location is fantastic - right across the street from the Pacific Place mall and it is on the major shopping street in town. We'd stay again.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GJY
<Content>My home in Seattle It's now the only place I'll stay in Seattle. After 3 stays / 15 nights, I haven't had one problem. The staff has been frendly and efficient. The rooms, with the blackout curtains, huge bath, and comfortable beds, have been excellent. Because the bath is so spacious, the actual room with the bed could be a little tight for two, but great for solo travellers.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>travelwilder
<Content>Wonderful pre-cruise stay My husband and I stayed two nights here before leaving on Alaska cruise. The hotel is lovely and in a convenient location. The rooms are contemporary and plenty big for two people. We had a king bed on 19th floor. We had a good view of downtown area. Unfortunately we had rain both days we were in Seattle, but made the best of it. We enjoyed the afternoon happy hour specials in Ruth Chris steakhouse. We also ate breakfast and it was very filling. We would definitely recommend this hotel. The staff was friendly and helpful. This was our first visit to Seattle and we loved the emerald city! We will be sure to book our room at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>bbgak
<Content>My Seattle Home Away From Home Stayed here for business trip and of course as much fun as can be packed in between meetings. Seattle is a great city and this is the best hotel to stay. Service is impeccable, the room was terrific with a marble bath and shower. The view was incredible of the Pacific and the city from a high floor. I also love the Hyatt bedding and the ipod clock radios. This is a terrific hotel in a great location with a staff who aims to please from the front desk to the bellman. I have stayed at this hotel for 3 days now and before for a week and it does not tire. The location is close to sites, shopping and restuarants. Hands down, one of the best hotels, hotel rooms that I have stayed in. I will continue to stay here if I have to travel to Seattle.One suggestion though - how about wireless internet access throughout the hotel, even in the meeting rooms if you are paying for access in your room?  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jmcdon7230
<Content>Reservation non-refundable We had airline connection problems and didn't get to Seattle until the day after our reservation which was for Saturday. We missed the cruise ship. When we called on Saturday afternoon (from San Jose where we were stranded in the airport) and wanted to rebook for Sunday night, the hotel refused to refund the cost of Saturday night. Wouldn't discuss the situation. No refunds was their policy and that was that.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tybee4
<Content>Best location ever! Convenient to everything - easy walk everywhere, yet right on edge of quiet area. Weekend staff seemed more attentive than weekday, however, this place knows excellent service  wonderful attitude like nowhere else! The quick-print boarding pass setup in lobby was great to discover. Had upgraded corner king suite on 23rd floor w/marvelous view. All the positives written here helped us pick this hotel, so won't repeat those. Did notice the following: our walls were paper thin  could hear neighbors; marble foyer/hall floors seemed to increase noise; patio cushion style love seat  chair in living area were out of character  not too comfortable; blackout shades in corner suite bedroom did not go all the way to the floor  early (4:45 a.m.) sunrise flooded the room w/light. It's worth it to upgrade to Regency club access. They had the freshest fruits  best cheeses!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kecoco
<Content>Grand Hyatt - Go for the Suite The Grand Hyatt Seattle Greats: Reserve an Emerald Suite. It is the size of a one bedroom apartment with a subdued decor - sort of Arts and Craft with an Asian influence. It may sound weird but it works. The suite had spectacular views of Puget Sound and the surrounding area. Hotel services were excellent. Any request was fulfilled promptly from room service to housekeeping - they were amazingly quick. The not so greats: The lobby is cavernous with not a lot of warmth. Upon entering the hotel there is an enormous hallway directly in front of you that serves as access to their meeting and banquet rooms - very odd. The hotel does not have a bar or restaurant. Yes, there is a Ruth Chris steakhouse but Ruth Chris' for breakfast or just a place to sit in the afternoon for a drink does not suffice. But, if accomodations are what is most important to you in a hotel this one will fit the bill.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>County95
<Content>Great Hotel...Highly Recommended       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Andreabar
<Content>Hyatt was Grand Spent three nights in July at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. The hotel was beautiful. The bathroom was magnificent. Had two rooms with 2 double beds in each. The hotel is within walking distance to many stores and restaurants (Cheese Cake Factory 1 block away). It is close enough to walk to Pike's Market and to the monorail to take you to the Space Needle. Don't eat breakfast at Ruth's Chris that is in the hotel. It is too expensive. Can't say enough good things about this hotel. Will definitely stay here again if I return to Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ann06
<Content>Great Stay at the Grand Hyatt After a rocky start, our visit was without incident. We arrived at the hotel much later than expected (and called from baggage claim to alert them to that fact). It was 1:30 AM local time - 4:30 AM for us - needless to say, we were exhausted. Front desk pleasantly confirmed we had booked a king, non-smoking room and proceded to send us up to a smoking room on the 23rd floor. The odor was overwhelming. Return to the front desk revealed there were only 4 unoccupied rooms in the hotel (it was a Saturday night). They offered to put us in a non-smoking double room and change us Sunday morning. No problem! That offer should have been made before the hassle of going to the smoking room...but problem solved. As promised, the front desk called at 10 AM Sunday morning with a room change available. New room, on the 17th floor, was just fine. The hotel is very conveniently located downtown - you can walk to most sites of interest. There is a Starbucks that opens to the street but is literally in the hotel. For more discerning coffee drinkers, there is a top rated local coffee shop across the street from the hotel. Other details that made our stay (June 30 - July 6, 2007) most pleasant: spacious bathroom w/dimmer switch for those night trips - separate bathtub and large shower with great shower head and very good water pressure. Bathroom is dark - they have a magnifying mirror, but it's not lit. Difficult for make-up application. Small corner of the room window opens so there's ample fresh air in the room. Blackout shades lower on an electric switch (really handy). Bed - very comfortable - no disgusting bedspread. The workout facility is well equipped with free weights and lots of cardio machines, each with its own TV monitor. Headphones provided if you don't supply your own. As mentioned in another review, refrigerated towels on offer, with cold water w/cups provided. The boarding pass printer in the lobby - super convenient. Valet parking is expensive - $31/night - however, the valet staff are very pleasant and very efficient. The entire staff - superior.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>FrisbieCat
<Content>Amazing room and view at the Hyatt I hesitated a bit giving this hotel an Excellent rating, since I have a difficult check-in experience, but on balance I really enjoyed the hotel and would highly recommend it. First, the good: The hotel is in a great location, near all the shopping action of downtown and within walking distance of all major attractions. We stayed at the hotel a full week and never once needed or wished for a car.  Most importantly, our room was spectacular. I can be a tough hotel critic but there's simply no way one could complain about this room: high-end finishes, a beautiful foyer area, large sitting area, two tvs, automatic shades, plush king bed, etc. etc. The views were glorious: We had a sweeping view of downtown and the bay to the south, and an unobstructed view of the Space Needle to the west.  I should mention that we booked a so-called Emerald Suite and stayed on the 27th floor. For those who can splurge a little, I would highly recommend this; the room size and views on the higher floors are worth the price. We paid $470 a night, which is a lot, but I kept thinking a comparable room with comparable views in NYC would probably cost nearly a thousand. I suspect the lower floors don't have quite the views but enjoy the same impressive finishes, furnishings, and bedding.  Now the bad: Our check-in process was so inefficient it was actually comical. We arrived after a cruise at 9:30am, which was understandably way too early. The desk staff said to come back for our room around noon, so we headed out , took our time to be respectful, and returned around 2:30pm. Still no room, but we were told the cleaning service was in the room and it would be ready shortly; the staff asked for our cell phone number and said they would call soon. We went out for lunch, and over an hour later still no room, and no phone call. We stopped back again, and were told ten more minutes. So, we waited within view of the front desk, and 25 minutes later no one had approached us and the staff member who had been dealing with us was now gone. Anyway, in the grand scheme of things it was not the end of the world, and based on other postings on TripAdvisor this was clearly an abberation. So, we're staying with the Excellent rating, but will be curious to see if future reviewers have similar experiences. Overall, notwithstanding the odd check-in experience, for location, room quality, and views, this hotel simply can't be beat.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	4	

<Author>kingdave19
<Content>Very Nice Hotel I arrived on Memorial Day weekend with my fiance to stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. The hotel is very modern  the inside is very impressive. Our room was very well appointed  we had a beautiful view of the Lake surrounding Downtown. The bathroom was especially nice w/ a roomy shower  marble counter tops. The beds are also very comfy.The hotel is centrally located about a block from the main shopping mall, Macy's  Norstroms. Also about 6 blocks from Pike's Marketplace.I really enjoyed the gym as well as the sauna and jacuzzi. The gym had fantastic cardio machines with TV's in each. Also there was a fridge with cold towels  fresh water available. Definitely one of the nicest gyms I have used in a hotel.The hotel seems like it is meant primarily for business travelers. You get that feeling from the moment you arrive. That being said, I think most hotels in Downtown Seattle are like that.All in all a really nice stay at a top notch hotel. I would give it 4.5 stars out of 5.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>muttger
<Content>Can I move in? Absolutely no complaints       bedroom of exec. suite  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gremio
<Content>Beautiful room       Room View  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Greekchick
<Content>Great location The location is fabulous. Walk to everything . Great gym at the property. Ruth Chris is attached and has two Happy Hours each day. Check it out! My one complaint was that housekeeping really did not do a good job. I kept asking for extra towels, turndown service, shampoo, coffee........ They just could not get it right. Asked for hangers, took three calls to get hangers. Other than that, the place was wonderful. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>gktmd2
<Content>One of the best I love this hotel. I have stayed in some very nice hotels in my time and this is one of my favorites. It is just the right size and not overrun with conventioners.The front desk is professional. The rooms are quiet and top-notch. My favorite is the workout area with the separate wet and dry sauna and jacuzzi. The equipment is first rate.You must try the french toast in Ruth Chris restaurant in the lobby.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wvchick
<Content>It's truly GRAND! We stayed at the Grand Hyatt Seattle for six wonderful nights at the end of June. This is one of the BEST hotels I've ever enjoyed! We upgraded to a Regency Club room and were given a corner room on the 20th floor. Great view! We loved the layout. As you enter the room, there's a small living area with a couch/chair/desk/TV. Turn down a small hallway to reach the bathroom and bed. Oh the bed! It was so comfortable! What a great way to end the busy day...just sinking into it and surrounding yourself with the many pillows.Speaking of beds...we requested a rollway for my young daughter. It was already in the room waiting for us. That's a first! I always have to call for it wherever we stay. The Regency Club is worth the extra money. They serve a nice continental breakfast complete with fresh fruit, juices and cereals. In the evening, there's always a cheese selection, veggies and a hot appetizer. For a small charge ($4 I think), you can enjoy good Washington state wines and beers. Plus, free Internet access. We saved so much money by paying a little extra per night. Holly, the Regency Club conceige, heard that we were celebrating our daughter's third birthday during our visit. Holly wrote a special Birthday note along with a special cookie with a candle and presents (rubber duck and a beach ball). It was a true act of kindness on her part.Everyone from the valets and the front desk folks to the Regency Club staff is very friendly and helpful. Housekeeping was top notch. Each day the room was spotless. Each night our beds were turned down and ice brought to the room. We were treated like royality. There's no place else to stay while in Seattle!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Andaltex
<Content>Distinctive Upscale Hotel My wife and I stayed four days at the Grand Hyatt during business related travel. I agree with previous posts regarding the excellence of this hotel. At arrival, we were given the opportunity for a room upgrade and took advantage of getting a large corner suite with a view of downtown and Elliott Bay. The room was quiet, and had a spacious, super clean bathroom, terrific closet space, and a large work area. The decor was quite distinctive - sort of Pacific Rim meets Frank Lloyd Wright! From the moment we arrived, the staff was excellent - extraordinarily friendly and helpful, from the concierge to the bellstaff to housekeeping. The location was perfect, right near the convention center and major shopping. Anything in downtown Seattle is within 10-15 minutes walking distance. When I return, I'm not sure I'd want to stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waimeawishes
<Content>Fantastic Getaway at the Grand Hyatt My husband and Ispent one night at the Grand Hyatt and I wish it had been longer. The location is fabulous, especially for great shopping and dining. It is very close to the theaters as well. The staff was very friendly and professional. The beds were the most comfortable I have ever slept on. The bathroom was amazing with a waterfall that fills the tub. The view wasn't much, but it's in the heart of the city, so that's to be expected.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WaterfallsLover
<Content>Awesome Rooms, Not So Awesome Service My mother and I stayed here during her husbands week-long conference at the Westin and am kind of on the fence about how I feel about the Grand Hyatt.The rooms are fabulous. I want this bathroom in my house! The housekeeper was terrific and the beds are super comfy with down comforters. Also, the hotel is close to everything!We ran into a couple snags - otherwise I would have rated this hotel a 5. First, the concierge's at this hotel were not helpful at all. Maybe we would have been treated differently if we walked up to the desk in business suits. Scott, the night time concierge told us that all of their pamphlets were moved around but he would provide us with information on Victoria, we gave him our room number and nothing. Not even a telephone call. There was one woman that was helpful and we wish that she was there during the other times we needed help. We actually received better assistance at the Westin and we weren't even staying there!Second, upon leaving I tried to use the elevators only to find out that there was some kind of fire alarms going off. I thought this was odd since the fire alarm lights near the elevators were not flashing. I called down to the front desk and was told that the fire department needed to turn off the alarms and should take place by 6:00 a.m.. When I tried to go down again around 6:05, the elevators still would not work. I told her that I needed to leave in order to catch my flight and asked her to send up someone to bring down my luggage. She said OK but after 5 minutes, I had a strange feeling that I wasn't going to get any help. So, I lugged my suitcase down 10 flights. I guess I was kind of lucky, some guests had to come down as far as 26 flights of stairs. When I got to the last set of stairs, someone from Hyatt asked if I needed help. Yeah, OK. It's a little late for that! Later, I was told that the bellboys didn't even start their shift until 8:00 a.m.. I would have waited an aweful long time by the elevators if I hadn't decided to walk down the stairs!Bottom line. The hotel rooms are top notch but if you need help getting around the city, you better ask for help from someone other than the concierge's at this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	1	-1	

<Author>Riverspots
<Content>Comparison: Grand Hyatt  We moved from the Sheraton (conference location) to the Grand Hyatt for a few more days in Seattle so here is a bit of information about each of them.They are both very comfortable and convenient. Our room at the Sheraton was big and bright but the bathroom was pretty small and a little dated. The Grand Hyatt room was much smaller and very dark but the bath was gorgeous. It was huge and new but the light was so dim it was really difficult to apply makeup. The amenities at the Sheraton are worthless - the Grand Hyatt was much better (but not as nice as Sofitel).Bed at the Sheraton was very comfortable but the Hyatt was incredible. Plus, they had a neat electronic room-darkening shade that really helped in the morning. They also had an electronic privacy button rather than the little tag you put outside the door. It was very quiet at both locations.They both charge $10 for in-room Internet, which I think is nickel  dime stuff considering the price of the room. The Hyatt (I think - and maybe the Sheraton, too) also tacks on a charge for the morning newspaper. You can choose not to get it, but you have to do so at registration, I believe.The only bar at the Hyatt is the Ruth Chris' bar - when we tried to take a glass of wine upstairs to our room, we were told that was not usually allowed, but if we were discreet, it was okay. We were successful, but I didn't appreciate feeling like a crook to take my drink upstairs! Did not attempt this at the Sheraton bar, so can't say about that.Overall, both hotels were very good experiences and I can recommend either. I'd say, go with the best price, unless a real modern look is important to you. Then go with the Hyatt.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pugmix
<Content>nice hotel and friendly staff My boyfriend and I only stayed at the Hyatt for one night, before we left on a cruise to Alaska. I loved the hotel! I wish we could have stayed longer. I thought our room was very comfortable and modern. The bathroom was very nice with a large tub and separate shower. We found the staff very polite and accomodating. Everyone was friendly and went out of their way to help us with directions and questions. We ate breakfast at Ruth's Chris, the restaurant in the hotel and we both thought the food was good (the french toast was delicious!) The only obstacle we ran into, was the entrance to the hotel. We had several bags of luggage with us and wished the front and side doors had automatic/sliding doors. Overall, we had a good experience at the Hyatt. We would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roomandbored
<Content>Labor Day Fun       View from Room 2912  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ArizonaSenor
<Content>Disgusting! I FELT LIKE DIRT AFTER MY STAY STAY. THE STAFF WERE all jerks! Worst of all there was s fungus growing inside my Bathroom! EWWWW!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rugbyshirt
<Content>One of the best hotels EVER I stayed at the Grand Hyatt Seattle while attending a conference and could not have been more pleased. It was one of the best hotel stays I have ever had. The room was absolutely gorgeous ... I honestly don't think I've ever seen a more attractive hotel room. It was like something out of Architectural Digest. Beautiful furniture, wall coverings, window treatments, everything. I loved the automatic blackout blinds over the gigantic windows (I could see the top of the Space Needle from mine) -- you can raise or lower the shade without getting out of the very comfy bed. Lots of nice little touches; I liked having a little do not disturb light you can turn on rather than hanging a sign on the doorknob -- very convenient and classy.The bathroom was ENORMOUS, and stunning. Marble, brass, huge glass shower, beautiful fixtures. The tub was so large and inviting that I couldn't resist taking a bath, and I'm not even a bath person.The location was wonderful -- about a block from the convention center, and tons of dining and shopping options within easy walking distance. Loved the Barnes  Noble across the street and the Starbucks you can get to directly off the hotel lobby.The desk staff was friendly, professional, and helpful; I never had to wait in line to be helped. The lobby has lots of comfy seating and is a great place to meet friends and chat. This feels like a boutique hotel -- you never feel like you're in some huge monolith. The hotel is actually quite compact, so you're never too far from the elevator (though I never heard it, or much of anything else, from my very quiet room). I can't recommend this hotel enough, and hope I'll get to return to Seattle soon just so I can stay there again!  
<Date>May 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	

<Author>fez030303
<Content>Wonderful Stay...               More photos  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>september2374
<Content>Classy and Contemporary Hotel!       View from Our Room  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>tiffanyg54
<Content>Wedding Night Bliss We stayed at the Grand Hyatt for our wedding night on April 7, 2007. We booked a corner suite and were offered an upgrade when my fiance went to check in to the hotel. Unfortunately, we didn't have time to wait for the updated room since he checked in before our ceremony so we stuck with our original room. I have to say that we were not disappointed. The staff left us chocolate covered strawberries and a note congratulating us on our wedding when we finally got to the room after 1am. We loved the view, the bed, the living room area and the gorgeous bathroom. We ordered room service on Easter Sunday and really enjoyed our breakfast sandwiches. It was a little pricey but totally worth it to not have to leave our gorgeous room. I joked with my husband that now he'll have to take me there every year for our anniversary-we loved it and will be back.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>VacationPlanner
<Content>A Wonderful Experience in Seattle This my families first visit to Seattle and we chose the Grand Hyatt for its location and from the good reviews it has received. We were not disappointed with our choice.Our hotel room was very good size with an enormous bathroom that had a separate shower and bathtub. I especially liked the shades that you could raise and lower to darken the room. The beds were extremely comfortable.Location wise the hotel is well situated. Just a short walk to the Pacific Mall, Nordstroms, Macy's and many other shops in the downtown area. Close to the monorail to go the the Seattle Center with the Space Needle and Experience Music Project. Also a short walk to Pike Market and the waterfront area. There were many restaurants to choose from; chains such as Ruth Chris, Il Fornaio, McCormick and Schmick, as well as local places like Ivar's, Elliott's Seafood, Lowell's and Shiro's. We really enjoyed our stay here and wouldn't hesitate to stay again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Spacrawler
<Content>Really good ... but not perfect I spent three nights at the Grand Hyatt Seattle for a conference. I paid $300 for a Regency Club room, actually a Corner Suite. I'm not sure if all Regency Club guests get these rooms or what. The hotel is conveniently located, although all of downtown Seattle seems to be under construction, and the street in front of the hotel is totally dug up. This means noise. The interior of the hotel is teaky wood, modern and uncluttered. I found the staff to be young and a little inexperienced, but generally fine.There were two things I wish could be better about the property. First, my corner suite was cramped, dark and stuffy. There is only one little tiny window that opens, and with the construction noise, I didn't open it. There is a funky cooling system in place, such that you can only turn the temp down so far, then you can not set it to run and cool constantly. Often it was on auto and thus the stuffiness. The lighting in the room was poor, except for the bathroom, which had great lighting. The carpet was worn and stained in places. A couple of other points - you will pay for internet access; you will be charged if you move anything in the minibar (you can get a fridge for $5 a day), and you will be disappointed with the old fashioned TVs, if you like to watch the tube. On the plus side, the bed, the linens, and the bath with separate tub and shower were fantastic. The other issue I had was with dining options - or the lack thereof. There is a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse in the hotel, but their menu is pretty limited (especially for breakfast) and very pricey. I wish they had a restaurant that was less clubby with more choices. if you don't eat meat, you will not have much to choose from.I guess I would stay at this hotel again, but not for the price I paid. I researched my options very carefully, and I beieve that I got the best of what was available. Others at the conference stayed at the Sheraton, which is under a major renovation, and the Westin. Neither excited my colleagues.Perhaps Seattle is ripe for a true luxury hotel - wonder why the Four Seasons abandoned ship and the famous Olympic Hotel is now being run by Fairmont?  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>tonymoco
<Content>Some Additional Details.... The other positive reviews have already said it all, and I agree with them. In particular, the rooms are among the most beautiful and functional of any hotel I have stayed in. I just want to fill in a few details that might help others....What you want is a water view on a high floor with upgrade to Regency Club (27th floor) if available. Regency Club includes cont b'fast, evening appetizers, coffee/water almost 24/7, free internet access, nice space to hang out in.The Concierge can arrange very good Limo to/from SeaTac for around $50 each way.Hertz Local Addition Car Rental is RIGHT around the corner and shares a garage with the Grand Hyatt. Very convenient and open weekends. Check Hertz website for HLE (Hertz Local Addition) deals.At least two different city tours pick up at hotel. Concierge can arrange.Also Starbucks in Hotel Lobby.10-15 minute walk to Public Market. 20 -30 minute walk to WA State Ferries Terminal.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evvtraveler
<Content>Superb Downtown Hotel When visiting Seattle and you want to stay downtown, check out the Grand Hyatt Seattle. From it's location, top notch rooms, staff and ammenties this is the place to stay. During me stay I was in an Emerald Suite on the 28th floor. Wondeful city views, huge bathroom, automatic blackout drapes and a huge bed that was like sleeping on a cloud to name a few. The food and service at the in-house restaurant, Ruth Chris Steakhouse was excellent. This hotel is a central location to shopping, dining, Seattle's best sites and the monorail to Seattle Center. If your plans include visiting Seattle, check out the Grand Hyatt. You won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>D-fine
<Content>How definitely GRAND it is!!! If you are coming to Seattle, do yourself a favor and stay here! Excellent staff, gorgeous rooms, and SUPERB location! Ruth's Chris steakhouse is on site and is worth EVERY penny. Had a wonderful 4 night stay! The bathrooms are truly unbelievable and room service was top notch as well. Highly recommend for business or pleasure!  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Mike_the_traveller
<Content>Second Time Visit! Great! We booked two rooms at AAA rates and received a great price for New Year's eve. As a Diamond Hyatt memeber, I kindly asked for upgrades and received them for both of our room! We got upgraded to an executive suite and a corner suite. We also received complimentary snacks and drinks in the room as well. This is our second time staying at the Grand Hyatt and have enjoyed it again. The staffs are always friendly and the views from the bedroom are spectacular. PROs:a. Have always received upgradesb. Great security in hotel during New Year's Evec. Regency club provided good food and drinksd. Rooms are very modern and clean.e. Bathroom are large and comfortableCONs:a. They seems a bit understaffed during the holidaysb. The extra charge for valet parking was very very very $$$c. Regency club did NOT have hot breakfast, was only continental breakfastd. Regency club charged for beer unlike most other Grand HyattsOverall we enjoyed our stay, rooms are modern, views are always great, good location for shopping and restaurants, and the price was good.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>luvgreathotels
<Content>All-round fabulous experience!!!!! This hotels deserves its accolades and five-star ratings in all categories. From its perfect location to its top-notch staff and beautiful rooms and amenities, this is one of the best hotel experiences I have ever had. Our room rate included the Regency Club breakfasts and late afternoon snacks which included delicious and beautifully presented food of ample portions. All of the staff at the hotel were friendly and consistently tried to not only meet but anticipate a traveller's needs. The rooms were very spacious and clean and the bathrooms were 'to die for'!! I would recommend this hotel whole-heartedly and will stay there again should I visit Seattle in the future.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>BSA126
<Content>The Modern, Comfy (Elliott) Grand Hyatt Seattle       Desk area (w/ a computer (not the hotel's)  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>legendtraveler
<Content>Above and beyond My husband and I checked in for a one night stay for our 21st wedding anniversary. We reserved a king room with a water view. When we got to out room, it was looking at the freeway, nice room but not the view we were looking for. We went back down to the desk and told them this was a very special anniversary night and could we please have a water view. She did a little checking, apologized and said we would be very happy. We went back to our new room and it was the top floor executive suite, nicest room I think we have ever stayed in. I would definetely go back to the Hyatt Seattle. This is a beautiful hotel and the staff is very accomodating. We went to Ruth Chris for dinner and also told them it was our anniversary and they decorated our table gave us complimentary appetizers and two glasses of champagne. They were very nice also, but the dinner was too expensive for what it was.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>meklof
<Content>Excellent service Arriving at noon, the front desk staff checked us in without any problems and even gave us a water view room.The included continental breakfast at the hotel restaurant Ruth Chris Steakhouse was delicious.When the front desk staff found out ,upon check out, that we were unable to check in at their online kiosk, they quickly forwarded us to the concierge who took care of this with a smile!The room was in excellent condition, spacious bathroom with a large shower.The hotel is located next to the Pacific Mall with Pike Market only a few blocks away.This is my number 1 hotel in Seattle!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AFrequentTraveller
<Content>Great Hyatt Stayed here for one night at the end of a business trip and was really impressed by this property although it is a little difficult to drive to with the ongoing roadworks. The front desk staff were very pleasant and efficient and upgraded me to a corner suite and access to the Regency Club.As had been said before the rooms are great. I had a living room, large bathroom and good size bedroom. Never did find the switch for the window blinds though. Visited the Regency Club just before closing but was made to feel very welcome and there was no rush to get me out. Very good selection of food even at 8PM. Only gripe is that there is no bar or restaurant in the hotel - I know there's plenty of choice locally but it had been a long week and I didn't feel like going anywhere so resorted to room service.The valet parking is very expensive so ditch the car or use one of the parking lots on 4th as they are only about $10 a day, if you don't mind a short walk.There was a mix up with my bill which I discovered when I got back home but they sorted it out straight away.Overall a great hotel in a great location - I'll be staying here on my next trip  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Amanita
<Content>Truly grand! Definitely a first-class hotel! We stayed there for one night in November 2006 for a romantic getaway. The hotel is conveniently located downtown, close to shopping. The lobby area is an amazing first impression. The room was modern, clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. For some fun and decadent highlights: doorbell outside the door; a light to indicate do not disturb; and a switch at the bed side to open and close the window shades (!). The bathroom was huge and about the same size as the bedroom itself. The decor and setup were very grand: separate glass enclosed shower and bathtub (wide flowing faucet); beautiful sink area with stone counters. Definitely one of the most special hotels I've stayed at. I highly recommend it!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Layover
<Content>What They Said Got iced in at Seatac, the airline lost my luggage, I was stranded and every motel within ten miles of the airport were filled with similarly stuck travelers. To offset my bad mood, I called The Hyatt, got a bad and 30 minutes later was walking into my room. The desk clerk took pity on me, upgraded me to an Executive Suite on the top floor and hooked me up with all the toiletries I was missing.Spectacular hotel. Can't put it any other way. Opulent. Great location for walking. Seattle in December is beautiful. Stay here. Treat yourself.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swimnski
<Content>Great Hyatt One of the nicer Hyatt's on the west coast. Bathrooms are absolutely amazing. Very modern bath fixtures with the largest tub I've ever seen in a Hyatt. The bed was comfy, room service excellent and the location cannot be beat. Whether you come to Seattle for vacation or business, this hotel is worth every penny. Skip your car rental, make transportation arrangements with a transfer company or taxi - you will not need a car when staying at this hotel. ). I was there in September and every day was sunny and cool. Not what I expected for 5 days in Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>souza
<Content>First Class Hotel I stayed at the Grand Hyatt on business for 5 nights in October 2006. My family came with me for two of the days and at check-in they easily upgraded me to a corner suite for a few dollars more.Check-in was one of the smoothest and friendliest I have ever experienced. The clerk called me in my room a few minutes later to see if everything was okay.The rooms are great, the corner suites are very nice with an entrance and sitting room well separated from the bedroom by a long hallway.Why didn't I give the Grand Hyatt 5 stars?1) The only food in the hotel is a Ruth's Chris and while they serve breakfast, it is at Ruth's Chris prices. 2) In-room housekeeping during my stay was minimal at best. Some days they didn't even replace the dirty wine glasses or drinking glasses. They would also missed dirty towels on the floor.I expected a bit more in these areas from a hotel of this class.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Karroons
<Content>Great Stay at the Grand Hyatt in Seattle I recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt in Seattle, Washington for four nights. The purpose of the trip was for business. Upon arriving at the hotel, I asked for a nice room and was told that it would cost $30 extra per day for such a room. Considering that I did not want a room on the lower floors where I would be staring at a concrete wall of another hotel, I agreed to pay the extra money. I was told the room would be ready in 15 minutes so we went to dinner at the Cheesecake Factory that was on the next corner. Two hours later, we returned only to fnd the room the was still not ready. We went up to my coworkers room and the front desk called to state that the room was still not ready but I would be upgraded to an executive suite. The hotel quickly recognized that an issue existed and immediately fixed it by providing an update.  If you ever have the chance to stay in the executive suite, please do it. The view from the 27th floor was breath-taking as you are high enough to see out over the water and you can see the Space Needle. The execute suite is actually two rooms with two bathrooms. One room consists of a sitting room with TV, wet bar with refrigerator (note that in other rooms, you have to pay to use the refrigerator), closet and bathroom. The other room was the bedroom with TV, desk, walk in closet, bathtub, separate glass enclosed shower, and bathroom. Note that there are doors separating the rooms which means less noise from the hallway when you are sleeping. Plus, the hotel has curtains that operate from a switch on the wall. For those that like sleeping in total darkness, these curtains will do the trick. Once you press the switch, the curtains come down from the ceiling and cover the windows. The suite was exceptionally clean and well maintained. And considering that the suites are bigger than the rooms, there are less people on the floor. This meant that it was quieter than what my coworkers had on their floors below.The hotel is within walking distance to a variety of attractions. The Space Needle, the Market, Convention Center (where we had to attend a conference), Pike Place Market and lots of clothes shopping are easy to get to. Also, the Pike Place Market has the infamour Pike Place Fish Market so for those familiar with it, go check out the staff working there. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>fromArizona
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed here for 3 nights after our cruise. From checkin through checkout, the service was outstanding. The rooms are very attractively decorated with comfortable bedding. The bathroom is grand, and I do so appreciate a nice robe when I travel. The view from the room was spectacular. It is convenient to shops and dining. Don't think you can go wrong staying here.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MFLetou
<Content>Excellent Hotel, Down to Earth Staff The Grand Hyatt Seattle is a rare first class hotel that doesn't act like it.What I mean is that the hotel itself is first class; beautifully appointed in an excellent location. But unlike most properties of this level, the Grand Hyatt has a truly down to earth, friendly staff that puts guests of all stripes at ease.The hotel is located in a major commerical district, on the same block as a Cheesecake Factory and within a few blocks of major department stores and restaurants. Pike's Place is about a 10 minute walk and visible at the end of the street. You could not pick a more perfect location for Seattle.The hotel lobby is fairly intimate, but done in a very chic style. Its a hushed sort of atmosphere, with a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse on the left and a full-service Starbucks (not just a kiosk) to the right. Per my request, my room was a corner suite overlooking the harbor and the Space Needle. The view was absolutely stunning on both ends. The room itself was roomy enough, split into two parts--a sitting area and a bedroom area. The bathroom was very large, with a separate glass shower. The set up was good because it allowed you to keep the bedroom area uncluttered. The shades do indeed close electronically. The bed itself was comfortable, on the plush side. The hotel was quiet, save for some street noise even on a high floor. It was not disruptive. Interior insulation appeared to be good--we never heard our neighbors.If I have a complaint about the room decor, its only that a few pieces of furniture looked a little worn--out of place in that setting. Also, I was a bit surprised that the televisions were the old fashioned kind rather than flat screen. That's hardly a complaint, just an observation that similiar properities have upgraded. Overall, the room was stylish and inviting.I am not a fan of valet parking, and I typically feel a bit out of place dealing with hotel staff at better hotels. The Grand Hyatt was an atypical experience for me. Everyone right down to the valet staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. This is the kind of place that within a day or staying there, every staff member you encounter greets you by name. The valet car service was prompt and efficient, and nobody was trolling for tips (though in this case I didn't mind giving them, they were earned). The advice was good and unpretentious.Be advised that this hotel sometimes is the home for major sports teams. During my stay, the Boston Red Sox were there, which was a major attraction for me and my wife. That meant there were some autograph seekers and the like outside the hotel, but the hotel had security to make sure that only registered guests were inside the lobby and interacting with the players. Overall, the Grand Hyatt Seattle is an excellent hotel that I highly recommend. I would have a hard time returning to Seattle and NOT staying there, simply because the standard has been set so high that I'm certain there's nowhere else that can match it. I should add that the rate I paid was extremely reasonable given the quality of the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>colby_Tim
<Content>The Grand Hyatt is just that..Grand !! My wife and I have stayed at the Hyatt many times, But even when we haven't been back for a year they tell us welcome back before we even get out of the car! They have a way of making you feel like their favorite guest. You will not find a better view or nicer rooms, I love the fact that with a flip of a switch the blinds go up to feveal the down town sky line. Also the pollow top beds are sent strait from heavan! We have stayed at almost all the fine Hotels in Seattle, but we always seem to come back to the Hyatt. I tell all my friends about the Hyatt and many of them have come down and had the same experience. I honestly can't think of one negative thing to say about our experience's at this hotel. Room service was very fast and staff very helpful.We have spent many anniversary's there, and will be coming down for our up coming 25 th. To the staff Keep up the good work !! sincerely Tim and Melanie  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Laonie
<Content>We would happily recommend the Hyatt The Grand Hyatt was our arrival point during a recent trip from Australia to Canada and Alaska. Check-in was quick, even though we were initially allocated a room with twin beds instead of the requested king plus rollaway. The error was corrected immediately and we were shown to a pleasant room with city views. The bed was comfortable and made up with very good quality white linen, which is always nice. The rollaway bed for our son arrived very quickly. The spacious marble bathroom had double basins, a huge shower  great water pressure and was stocked with products we actually enjoyed using. We found our room to be uncomfortably warm at night, but we later discovered this to be the case in more or less every hotel we stayed. We are from Queensland, so maybe we keep our air conditioning too cold at home!Our tariff included access to the Regency Club, which provides keyed entry to an attractive private lounge on the 27th floor. The lounge served breakfast each morning, complimentary all-day drinks and evening canap茅s. The food was well presented and the selection offered was good. All the staff were professional and courteous and any queries or requests were acted upon immediately. The Hyatt is very well located close to the main shopping precinct. It also has the usual suspects located within the premises, including of course, a Starbucks (which was handy, because we can鈥檛 stand the 鈥榗reamer鈥?they supply in US hotels, so we never use the coffee machines in the rooms) The only jarring note was the rather Orwellian set-up with the mini-bar. The fridges are equipped with pressure sensors, and you are changed for a product as soon as you pick it up, regardless of whether you put it back down again or not. It might make restocking easier for the staff, but it is totally user-unfriendly for guests who simply want to chill their own bottle of water. Taxi-fare from the airport was around $40 including the tip, but the hotel also has a shuttle that stops right out front to take you to the (clean, bright, and well serviced) airport. We tried the shuttle on the way out and it worked out fine, and way cheaper than a cab. We loved Seattle. The Pike markets and the waterfront lend it its own unique personality. We felt perfectly safe, and it was very easy to find our way around. The Grand Hyatt is essentially a stock-standard member of the 5 star accommodation monoliths, and it doesn鈥檛 have a heap of personality as a result. Once inside, you could be anywhere in the world. Of course, you鈥檙e only a room number to them, but who cares 鈥?this one still 鈥榙oes what it does鈥?very well indeed. Variety being the spice of life we鈥檒l give the Opus a try if we ever return, but we would happily recommend the Hyatt to anyone visiting this very attractive city.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>AlanSusan
<Content>Excellent Hotel We have just spent 5 nights from 13th September at this hotel as part of a vacation and this hotel was chosen as a result of the very good reviews on this site.Our stay was excellent, we arrived late at night with a confirmed booking and although we had paid the basic room rate we were allocated a room on the 24th floor with outstanding views of both Puget Sound and the Space Needle.The room was large and very comfortable and was spotlessely clean.Everyone at the hotel was extremely helpful from the checkin people to the concierge. All requests regarding sightseeing trips etc were efficiently dealt with in a friendly manner.The hotel is very well located and is near to anything of interest, we would not consider staying anywere else in Seattle.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mandirae
<Content>Lived up to its great reviews... We recently stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 4 nights end of Aug. and came back to stay our last night before return home. We had an executive suite on the 29th floor with a beautiful view. The service was excellent. Everyone went out of their way to please. Housekeeping was excellent. We would definetly stay here again and highly recommend it to others considering this hotel.Loved the location. Close to restaurants and shopping. Near the Pacific Place Mall and Westlake Ctr. Nice shops and restaurants. Had our breakfasts(included with the AAA special) in the Ruth Chris restaurant. Meals were excellent. Did not eat at Ruth Chris for dinner as we were visiting family and dined at other recommended restaurants, but imagined the food to be equally good. The dormen new us by name and were very friendly. Can walk to Pikes Market and City Center. Great stay.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Mr&Mrs23
<Content>Spectacular in every sense of the word This was probably one of the top 2-3 hotels that I have ever stayed in my life. I have stayed at The Ritz Carton in Washington DC, and also the Four Seasons in Hawaii, all top-notch and world class, but I have to say, this hotel is right up there with those high end places, without a doubt. And very, very reasonably priced, believe it or not. The bathrooms in the lobby are gorgeously appointed. Actually, the entire hotel from top to bottom is beautiful, with an asian flair. Lots of dark exotic woods, beautiful granite, lots of fountains and bamboo in the lobby. The bathroom in our room was fantastic; the granite shower was humungous. THe bed was one of the most comfortable and roomy, too. Everything was clean and tip top in shape. We loved our stay here, and joked at the time that we wanted to take up permanent residence right there in the hotel! We hope to return to Seattle again one day. When we do, we will undoubtedly return once again to the Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>traveledall
<Content>Wonderful stay My husband and I recently traveled to Seattle for a vacation. I checked out just about every hotel in Seattle before I booked the Grand Hyatt. This hotel was wonderful- one of the best we've ever been to. It's in a great location--near the Convention Center, lots of shopping, restaurants, and public transportation, and only a few blocks from Pike's Market. The rooms are beautifully appointed, with a very comfortable bed, lots of pillows, a lighted closet, and a really large bathroom with separate shower and soaking tub. We used the convenient valet parking, with in and out privileges. There is an attached parking lot for self-parking without in and out. The concierge gave us great dinner recommendations and provided maps and directions to tourist locations. There is a Ruth Chris Steakhouse attached to the hotel lobby. We went there for breakfast every day. They met all our menu requests for smaller portions and charged commensurately lower prices. We left the hotel for a few days of traveling and had no problem leaving some luggage in the hotel storeroom until our return The couple of glitches we had (maid forgot the towels one day, etc.) were immediately resolved to our satisfaction. We very highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MisterW
<Content>Luxury Stay in an Executive Suite We were in Seattle only a couple of days before boarding an Alaskan cruise. I wanted a hotel close to the major attractions and was hoping for a Space Needle view. The Grand Hyatt came very highly rated on this site and after out stay, I am happy to add my top rating as well. We booked an executive suite and requested a high floor with a view. We were given a room on the 29th floor with a perfect Space Needle view. The two room suite was very spacious and had several nice touches such as automatic drapes and a partial kitchen. Everything was in walking distance or a few minutes in a cab. I wouldn't say the hotel staff was overly friendly, but they were courteous and professional, just what you would expect in top downtown business oriented hotel The hotel also has a lot of fun dining options and what looked to be a great spa. All in all, we had a great, if brief, stay and would highly reccomend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ACPACPACP
<Content>What a great straight-forward 5-star downtown hotel! We stayed in the 29th floor for 2 nights and really enjoyed it:Perfectly located, excellent service, spacious rooms and great rates! Nothing more to say, everything worked fluently and as expected.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Heart10
<Content>Okay if you don't plan on using the water We arrived at the Grand Hyatt around 4 pm on Thursday, May 25th. We were warmly greet and escorted to the check-in. Check-in was simple and quick. We were then escorted to our room, which was a corner suite with a decent view, if you like ugly rooftops. The gentleman who took us to our room was pleasant and very informative of the area. He showed us all the features of our room. Thirty minutes after being in the room we received a letter under the door explaining that the water to the hotel would be cut off at midnight and back on at 4 am. We did not consider this a problem as they stated they were flushing the system. At 10 pm we received another letter under the door that was a duplicate of the second letter. We woke up at 6:30 am as we were heading to LA on Amtrak that left at 10 am. We found that we did not have any water. We called downstairs and was informed that we would have water in 30 minutes. At 7:15 we still had no water but they offered to send bottled water to our room, which we declined. Ten minutes later the doorbell rang and we found 2 bottles of water sitting at the door. We were not sure what they expected us to do with 2 - 16 oz. bottles of water. At 7:30 we called the desk again about the water and was told they had water in the gym and we could take showers there. We asked if they had hot water and was told yes. Imagine our surprise when we got there and found they only had cold (ice cold) water. I then went down to the desk and was told that we would have water to our room by 8:30 that it was a long process to get the water throughout the hotel. I explained that we had to leave by then to which they did not reply. By the time I got back to my room, there was 2 more bottles of water sitting at the door. We immediately packed out belongings, we down to checkout and asked that they call a taxi for us. They told us they would get us a taxi outside to just go on out. They also offered us bottled water to take with us. Once outside we were informed they should have called for a taxi inside, so the gentleman outside was standing in the road trying to flag down a taxi instead of someone going inside to call. There was a gentleman who drives his a personal Town Car that was there waiting to pickup passengers for airport flights (no reservations required with this gentleman and he charges the same as a taxi) he volunteered to take us to the Amtrak station. We wanted to get away before they offered us more bottled water so we took him up on it. As we drove away the gentleman was still in the road trying to flag down a taxi while his co-workers watched. The wonderful gentleman with the Town Car charged us $5.00. We gave him $20.00 because we would have paid that or more for taxi.I'm sure the Grand Hyatt is a wonderful place to stay but when checking in, make sure they are not planning on turing the water off.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Decent food service would give it 5 stars I've used this very helpful site so many times that I've decided it's only fair to begin to contribute to it. This hotel has a lot going for it. First, a great staff, the equal to the best hotels we've ever stayed in, very friendly and helpful. Second, terrific rooms, or at least our room was. We had a very nice one bedroom suite on the club level with incredible panaromic views of the sound, the peninsula and but for an unfortunately located building next door, Mt. Ranier. The clunky tv in the armoire was a bit of a surprise in this context; the room cries out for a plasma on the wall--not that we would have turned it on with the views! However, the restaurant and lounge situation keeps this hotel from the 5 star level. First, if you think Ritz Carlton when you hear club level, forget it. You pay for what you might order from the extremely limited and basic drink menu, even for a diet coke, and the hor d'oeurve service is,well, unimpressive. There is only one restaurant and lounge in the hotel, the Ruth's Chris Steakhouse located next door (with an entrance from the hotel lobby). If you want a quiet drink, it is noisy and crowded and filled with people who perhaps have been there too long. If you want breakfast, you get a limp one page xerox of your egg choices. If you want dinner, you get steak. This is just lazy and cheap, and really a shame given the staff, the location and the physical plant of this otherwise fine hotel.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>cades2go
<Content>Brilliant staff in a beautiful hotel I stayed here for a week in May. My company was doing a show at the convention center, half a block away. I chose the Grand Hyatt out of all the convention hotels because I had stayed there once in 2004 and loved it. This visit was even better, because I was there for a full week. Customer service in all areas of the hotel is excellent. When I'm on a business trip, I want to know the hotel staff will help me fix anything that goes wrong. I wanted a place with meeting space, in case I needed it at the last minute. I had a corner suite on the 23rd floor, with a view of the water from one of the smaller windows. I am now certain I don't want to live in Seattle, because it rained or was darkly overcast almost the whole time, in May! Luckily we were up high enough to have lots of (gray) light. The housing prices in California are depressing, but not as depressing as Seattle weather.I love the interior design, which uses natural materials in a modern, somewhat masculine way. The bathroom has a deep tub and separate shower. The light over the tub is on a dimmer. It would be better if all the lights were dimmable. I love the lavender and citrus-scented toiletries, but I know some people can't stand the fragrance. I was disappointed that the towels are kind of rough. I didn't remember that from my previous visit. I can't seem to find soft hotel towels anywhere but at Four Seasons.I had dinner with a friend at Ruth's Chris Steak House in the hotel. Yummy! Gigantic onion rings, flavorful sirloin steak, grilled asparagus...I had no room for dessert.I also had drinks with a client in the bar at Ruth's. They close at midnight on weekdays, which surprised me. They didn't rush us out, though. There are two movie theaters within a block of the hotel. There are three shopping malls within four blocks, but they're nothing too exciting if you live in the Bay Area.The corner suite comprised a sitting area, a narrow hallway, and the bedroom. The sitting area and bedroom are not separated by a door. On one side of the hallway are two sets of double doors, for the closet. The other side has the door to the bathroom. Like the bathroom door in a standard room, it's wood with glass inserts that are translucent but not transparent. There's none of that nonsense you see in W hotels, with their see-through windows between the bedroom and bathroom.I decided against a Regency Club room, because there are lots of fabulous places to eat in Seattle (Flying Fish, Etta's, Salumi). I did use the gym a couple times. For a windowless room, it is very attractive, in the same style as the rest of the hotel. I used the elliptical, treadmill, and free weights. They also have stairsteppers and weight machines. The cardio machines have tv screens. I especially liked the small fridge with chilled, moist towels. There's a watercooler and a tiny gym lounge with magazines.Some of my colleagues couldn't understand why I'd want to stay four extra nights in Seattle after my three-day business trip, but the Hyatt's customer service and luxurious beauty made it worth the money and time. There are many things to like about this place, but the staff is their strength. The customer service here rivals that at Four Seasons, even if the towels don't.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms, great location My husband and I stayed here during our Christmas vacation for a night. It was fantastic, I wish we could have stayed in the hotel for our whole trip. It was so perfectly located, within walking distance to all the major attractions downtown. Our room had a fabulous view of downtown and the water, where we could see the ferries crossing Puget Sound. We loved being able to walk to Pike Place Market (about 8 blocks) for breakfast in the morning, and it's very close to the upscale shopping and movie theaters downtown. The decor was fantastic, in keeping with the Northwest -- sort of asian inspired in warm browns and creams. The bathroom was marvelous -- a huge glass-enclosed marble shower, and a separate large soaking tub. The lighting could be adjusted for comfort. The hotel was quiet and peaceful. We hardly saw any other guests. My only complaints: The bedroom area was a little small, and while the bed was comfortable, I think they used down or some other fiber in a feather bed that had sharp edges poking through the linens. That sometimes made for a few pricks when laying in bed. (It wasn't enough of a problem that I couldn't sleep though.) Also, the valet parking was very expensive as you might expect at a downtown hotel. There is a parking garage next door when you can park yourself and save substantially.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jemimagold
<Content>Good business hotel with a a few weird policies I stayed here recently for the night of March 21st. I was impressed with this hotel which clearly was well cared for but they had a few weird policies that people should be aware of. On the plus side, I was greeted by a very helpful friendly bellman when I arrived in my taxi. He took the time to note my name from my luggage tags so by the time he got me to the Front Desk, he announced me by name. I travel a lot but have never experienced that kind of attenttion to detail. My room was spacious and the bathroom was huge. On the negative side: 1. The toiletries were by Portico but rather than usual Verbena scent, these were in some new scent - something with Ginger. They were cloying and sickly sweet. I am a hotel toiletries junky and even I did not care about taking them with me!2. When I checked in, the Front Desk Man told me that that if I took anything out of the minibar (which had motion detectors for crying out loud) for more than 30 seconds then I would be charged a sanitization fee of, I think he said, $7! The fee would be applied whether I put the item back or not! What gives with that?? Not customer-friendly at all, in my view, given that I am paying over $300 to rent their room for the night. If I want to park my store-bought diet coke in there or peruse the ingredients on a package of potato chips for more than 30 seconds, I should be allowed to.3. The room service bill stated that a mandatory service charge of 19% had been added to my bill, a portion of which would be put in the waitstaff's tip pool - ie. clearly not all of it. I asked my waiter about it and he shrugged and said that I should mention it when I checked out. I hate it when hotels try and make money in sneaky ways like this. The hotel charged me plenty for that plate of eggs and I don't know why they felt that they needed to take part of the poor waiter's tips too. Other than that it was a very nice hotel in a central location.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>3	1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>niclou
<Content>Perfect locaion, wonderful staff! My husband and I just stayed at the Grand Hyatt and loved it. We were in Seattle for a meeting at the convention center and it was right across the street. It was the perfect location for shopping,too. Everything is right there and you are in walking distance of Pike Market Place. The hotel has a Starbucks, Ruth Chris Steakhouse and The Cheesecake Factory. Ruth Chris is also the hotel's main restauraunt and bar. They serve breakfast, lunch and dinner there. The breakfast selection was terrific and of course the dinner was fabulous. We never had lunch there, but I'm sure it was good also. They have a great happy hour with half price appetizers from 4-6 and again from 9-11. The rooms were nice and the bathrooms were great. There is a coffeemaker in the room, a nice hairdryer, iron and ironing board and a safe in the closet. Everything you need right there. The staff was so nice and helpful, they really added to our wonderful week in Seattle. If we are ever back in Seattle, we will definatley stay at the Grand Hyatt!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bc_sanjose
<Content>Grand Hyatt is excellent I've stayed here twice now, including last weekend. The single best thing about this Hyatt is the bathrooms - spacious and clean with a walk-in shower as well as a tub... I wish more hotels were built to these plans. The staff is very pleasant and a water view is a big bonus.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>S0CalTraveler
<Content>Among the best, for sure I do a lot of business traveling and found my recent stay at the Grand Hyatt in downtown Seattle to be among the best experiences in years. The decor is modern and relatively new. My room was spacious and the bathroom had both a deep, clean tub at one end and excellent shower at the other. Wake-up calls are done by staff and you even have the option when making the reservation for more than one wake-up (which one of my sleepy colleagues certainly appreciated). The location, as already mentioned, is great because of all the shops and restaurants within a few blocks.Even getting to and from the airport was a breeze. I had to leave immediately after my conference and the concierge arranged for a cab to be there waiting for me so I could make my flight. For me, the best feature of this place is the outstanding service by the staff. I was in charge of my event and everyone on my staff found the Hyatt personnel to be helpful, cheerful and accommodating. We also all raved about the place and were mad we hadn't left more time to enjoy it. We all did take a soak in that huge tub, though. Granted, it's on the pricey end if you're a budget traveler, but I think you get your money's worth if accommodations and service are important to you. I'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jilliantraveler
<Content>Great Hotel, Again This hotel is great. The location is literally within walking distance of great restaurants and the famous Pikes Market. Anything outside of walking distance is an easy cab ride assisted by a very happy bell hop. There is a Starbucks on site... great, and a fully stocked general store for anything you forgot to smoked salmon souvenirs. The in room dining is expensive, but it really is fantastic. They鈥檒l bring little special things like yogurt smoothies. The views from the room are fun, and the staff is pleasant. They've changed the onsite restaurant to a Ruth's Chris since my last stay, but the set up and happy staff is the same. I would highly recommend if on business or pleasure. The comfy beds and great house music will set you in the mood to work or have fun. Plus, you can swing by the front desk for an apple any time you get a hunger pang.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute Best!! There is a reason there are so many great reviews for this hotel - they are the best. The views are great and the service is superior!!! Our team stayed here last year as well and the experience just gets better. The beds  linens are so comfy - all of us slept like babies! The rooms are well appointed and very clean! And bonus points for being so close to some great shopping and restaurants. When you are here, check out Vons for a super martini!!! We will be coming here again!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LesleyVW
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed here for our wedding anniversary Jan 28th. Loved the hotel, we were upgraded to a corner suite on the 25th floor without even asking. Everything about the rooms was top grade, especially the bathroom. The service was first class.We chose to self park ($22.00 per day), valet parking is $33.00.We took a cab to the Triple Door in the evening ($3.50) and we walked back to the hotel afterwards, it's only a short walk and it wasn't raining for a change!We would stay here again for sure.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nalani65
<Content>The best I have ever stayed at!! My husband and I stayed here for 4 nights during our honeymoon the week after Christmas. The service, hotel and everything was exceptional! We decided to valet our car because the self park had no in and out privelages and the valet staff were very friendly and helpful! The staff greeted us every time they saw us and our room was beautiful, clean and more than we expected! The bathroom was huge and the black out drapes were great! I would recommend this hotel to anyone, especially couples and honeymooners! It is also very close to a lot of shopping (Pacific Place, Westlake center, etc) We had a great time and we will definitely come back to stay here again and again!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>High Class at Affordable Prices A standard room at this hotel is like an upgrade compared to others. The standard double queen room is about the size of any standard hotel room anywhere else, but the furnishings are beautiful and classy. The hotel and rooms have gorgeous lighting. Even in the entry way of the room, there is a sconce of amber marble that softly lights your return in the evening. The bathroom is a dream for those longing for a real soak in a tub. The tub is just right for soaking and the water covers your whole body. The shower is huge, enclosed in glass and the shower head has multiple spray settings and is high enough for someone over six feet to enjoy. Bathrobes, lots of soft towels and lovely bath soaps, gel, shampoo and conditioner. Good complimentary coffee and teas. The beds are comfortable with down toppers, pillows and comforters. Don't let the mini bar scare you. If you touch anything, but don't use it, you can let the front desk know that you did not use the item. Just avoid it if you don't plan on using anything and ask for a complimentary mini frige to be hooked up in the bathroom for you for your own beverages you can get at any drugstore or mini mart in town. I recommend you get the Regency Club upgrade. With this option, you get a key to enter the club on the 27th floor 24 hours a day to get coffee, tea, cocoa and soft drinks. Continental breakfast and afternoon snacks are offered. They're not substantial, but they're a nice little touch to stave off hunger before lunch or dinner. I found the staff from valet to housekeeping to be quite friendly, quick and attentive. We were there when the hotel was not busy. This hotel is right in the middle of downtown and once you valet your car, you don't need it to have a great vacation (yes, the valet service is expensive, so be prepared to pay $29-35.00 per day to park your car). This hotel does not nickle and dime, they are up front about their charges and do not charge any more than any other big city hotel. This is not Motel 6 folks! One concierge, Mr. Rice, has lots of advice on where to eat or play in town. The only cons about my stay is that the noise the rain makes on the windows is loud and the 5 Fwy. is noisy from any hotel that is within earshot of it. I give it 4.5 stars because it's not perfect, but close! I will stay here again. The best way to get the best prices to stay here is to go directly to the Hyatt web site and get their pre-paid reservation. You will lose out if you cancel, so only book if you're sure you're going to stay.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PSBTEXAS
<Content>LOVED the Grand Hyatt Seattle We stayed at the Downtown Seattle Grand Hyatt December 8th - December 11th. As it was a special occasion we decided to take the advise of another reviewer and booked an Emerald Suite for our stay. All we can say is WOW! What a wonderful room and view. We were on the 29th floor and our corner room windows had views of Puget Sound with the ferries coming and going, the Olympics  the Cascade Mountains, and the Space Needle. Looking out on to the downtown all decorated for the holidays was truly lovely. What a great location too. Pacific Place (shopping mall) is right across the street and is attached to the flagship Nordstrom by sky bridge. I liked the fact that we had coffee and tea making facilities in our room even though there was a Starbucks in the lobby. Convenient for breakfast. If you are looking to go a little extra it is worth getting the hotel to book you driver to pick you up at the airport. The company they use are exceptional and what a nice way to travel. If I were to find any fault with the hotel it would have to be with the concierges. Although they were all very nice they weren't as up on the city as I felt they should be. This however did not really effect our stay. We would highly recommend staying in this hotel and hope to return for another stay.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelFan_01
<Content>Fantastic hotel Myself and my husband stayed at the Grand Hyatt for 3 nights at the start of November, and we absolutely adored it.We were extremely tired after a long journey from UK so it was great to feel so welcomed by the cosy lobby and the friendly, pleasant reception staff.Once we got to the room, we ordered room service straight away and it arrived extremely promptly, and piping hot. The guy that brought us our meal was so friendly and courteous too. We had crabcakes and buffalo wings (didn't fancy a heavy meal so late at night) and we thoroughly enjoyed both. As for the room itself, it was an absolute dream. It was spotless, very modern, exceptionally spacious and comfortable. It goes without saying that the bathroom was gorgeous. I loved the shower in particular and I reckon half a dozen people could have easily fitted in there (we didn't have the opportunity to try that out unfortunately!). We also loved the little fun extras like the electronic drapes and the doorbell! We had a fantastic view from the huge windows in our room of the bay and we could also just see the top of the Space Needle.We ate breakfast every day in Ruth's Chris Steakhouse and it was absolutely superb. The corned beef hash in particular was out of this world, and it became a running joke between us and the server, because we ended up ordering it every morning!The staff as a whole were all polite, helpful and did their job with a bit of humour too.We found the location of the hotel to be excellent. It was our first visit to Seattle and we found it an easy walk to almost everything we wanted to do, particularly Pike Place Market and some excellent shopping areas.On our next visit to Seattle (I'm positive we will return), we wouldn't consider staying anywhere else, except for Grand Hyatt.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NYCtraveler100
<Content>Very nice place!       King size bed  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly and Welcoming Stayed at the Grand Hyatt Seattle over the Colombus day Weekend for 4 nights. We felt so welcome and important. The valet service made the first and best impression. They were always smiling and attentive. The front desk was very quick and prompt. Our suite was classy and housekeeping was prompt. Defintley recommend it to all your readers.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SPCTCC
<Content>Shopping, Dining  The Grand Hyatt Seattle is one classy place. My honey and I stayed 3 nights and enjoyed everything about it. Clean and wonderfully appointed. The enormous bathroom and soaking tub, the fitness gym, on-site restaurants and location next to shops and cafes galore couldn't have been better. The brief walk to the bay and Pikes Market - wow!!! Highly recommend this one to couples needing a break from the rat race.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Find and Reasonably Priced My wife and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt during the weekend of Sept 17th. I'm not one to gush about hotels (being a bit of a hotel snob), but this hotel significantly exceeded my expectations (and I have no agenda in writing this review). The Grand Hyatt is brand new (only 4 years old) with atractive marble and light wooden appointments. The hotel benefits from having (1) an excellent location 7 blocks from Pike Place Market, (2) well-appointed and spacious rooms and (3) a friendly and helpful hotel staff. The worst thing I could say about the hotel is that the concierge desk was average. Also, as a member of the Starwood rewards program, I've stayed at the W Seattle (extremely mediocre guest service and extremely mediocre rooms) in the past and the Grand Hyatt kicks it up and down the block. I wouldn't come to any hotel with expectations of being treated like royalty, but the Grand Hyatt is a top-notch premium hotel in a very cool city.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>travelinmax
<Content>wow- what a great place! We stayed here for 2 nights to enjoy alittle of Seattle (great city!) beforegoing on an Alaskan Cruise. We splurged alittle and got an Emerald Suite on a top floor. It was WONDERFUL ! The room was large, with a separate living room/bedroom, which was perfect with our two young children. The fixtures were really something (check out the onyx hall lights- we want these in our home now!) the main (yes- 2 toilets!) bathroom had marble floors and walls, and was bigger than most hotel rooms. Large soaking tub with a cool waterfall faucet, a large 2 headed shower, a separate make-up counter. Electric window blinds hiding a city view that was spectacular. The king size bed felt like a cloud, and was the most comfortable bed we have ever slept in- in a hotel. This will be the hotel room we compare with ALL others from now on. For less than 300.00 a night, it was heaven !!! Staff were helpful and very friendly. Ruth Chris Steakhouse ajoins- great large portioned breakfasts ( try the corn beef hash- yum! ...don't do the steak unless you have never tried one, its pricey) If you go to Seattle, like we will again, Stay HERE! (we will !!!)Maxwells, Central California  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Vegas_Girl
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway!       View of the convention center from our corner suite.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Julie812
<Content>Awesome service and great location! My husband and I just returned from the Grand Hyatt Seattle after spending a night there for our 10th anniversary. We made the reservation online and booked an executive level room with access to the Regency Club, which we would highly recommend. Our room was on the 24th floor and we had a view of Lake Union to the north and the city to the east. The Regency Club is on the 27th floor, and serves free continental breakfast (fresh squeezed OJ!), has free beverages (soda and coffee) throughout the day, and serves free hors d'eourves from 5-8:30 p.m. If you can fork out the extra cash for the Regency Club level, do it! My husband is active duty military and so we received the government rate of $168, and it was worth every penny! A Gene Juarez spa is a block away, and while I was getting a massage, my husband created a very romantic setting in the room - roses that had been delivered to the hotel earlier in the day, and chilled champagne and chocolate and strawberries prepared by room service. The staff was exceptional - the bell hop gave us some interesting facts - the marble used in the entry way and bathroom is fossilized so if you look really close you might be able to see something. In the morning when I called the front desk to find out when check-out was, the guy answered the phone and said, Good Morning, Mrs. Callahan, how can I help you? The room was exquisite - feather topped mattress and down comforter, marble entryway and bathroom, and a waterfall faucet in the tub. Even a Starbucks in the lobby- score! Also a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse (best steaks in the world) in the hotel. We called down to the valet about five minutes before we checked out, and our vehicle was waiting outside for us. But it's true about the mini-bar, don't touch it unless you want to eat it or drink it, because it is computerized and you'll get charged for it! We didn't find this out the hard way - our bell hop gave us the low down. A great shopping distict is a block away or take a short walk or free bus ride to the Pikes Place Market about seven blocks away. All in all a fantastic hotel and one of the best Seattle has to offer!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievably horrible! Worst experience ever! We made reservations for an Emerald Suite at the Grand Hyatt for the night prior to and the night of our July 1 wedding. Several times prior to the date of check-in, my husband called to confirm various details (we wanted a bottle of champagne on ice for our July 1 wedding night, etc.). I checked in to the hotel on the day prior to our wedding. I requested the specific suite we looked at, which had a view of the Space Needle and the water. We were told we could not request a specific room until check-in, and when I did request it at check-in, I was told that was the room we had. It was not. We had a water and a city view. Still a nice view, but not at all what we had expected or were promised (the Space Needle and water view was requested). When we asked the bellboys (there were 2 standing around and no other guests in the lobby at the time) to help us with our bags, which were in our car in the garage, they argued as to who had to help us. Finally, one lost the argument and escorted us with a cart to our car. Upon arriving at our car, without saying a word the whole way, the bellboy threw our luggage onto the cart and haphazardly threw my wedding dress on top of it all. He then proceeded to bang the cart into the wall twice on the way back down to the lobby with no apology. When we got to the lobby, my mother asked him to step away from the cart and not touch our stuff. He started to argue with her. We got a different bellboy to take our items up to my room. When I got to the room I discovered that not only were we not given the room we had asked for (and been told we received), but the champagne for the wedding night was waiting on ice on the coffee table. I took it off the ice, called the appropriate number and asked them to please re-place it on ice on Friday, the night of our wedding. The night prior to the wedding, I ordered room service. A very simple order. After waiting for almost an hour for the food to arrive, it was incorrect. On our wedding night, my husband and I returned to the room to find the champagne where I had left it the day prior, on the end table next to the couch...no ice. At 8:53AM on the morning after our wedding, housekeeping rang the doorbell to the suite. Check out was not until noon. This was the part that upset me the most. 8:53 am the morning after our wedding! Not only did housekeeping ring the doorbell (the door to the suite is on the opposite end and in another room than the bedroom), they proceeded to enter. Repeat, this is the morning after our wedding. Ah! Needless to say, at this point we were ready to vacate this room that we paid way, way too much money for. The bellboy arrived to help with our baggage and it was the one from the day before that I had had such a bad experience with. He took our luggage and rolled it outside to the valet area. He left it and did not tell the valet which car it was to be loaded into (meanwhile, we were inside checking out). Upon check-out, I shared these experiences with the employee at the desk, he apologized and credited the room service back. After all of the various mess-ups that occurred, I will never stay at that hotel again. Not only that, but whenever I drive by it (I am from the Seattle area), I will be reminded of what a horrible experience I had there in the days surrounding my wedding. Thankfully, my husband and I were too happy with each other to let it ruin our wedding night. I would not recommend this hotel to my worst enemy. I cannot even express on here how deeply this whole experience disappointed us.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfectly adequate room, billing all screwed up I spent two nights here a on business couple of weeks ago. The room was OK, although the bedding is full of feathers (pillows, mattress pad) so I had to expressly request that housekeeping not put back the pillowtop mattress pad. Huge bathroom, actually unneccessarily large for my needs. The minibar is computerized, so if you even move something to see what it is you'll be charged for it. Biggest problem was on checkout day, when I had breakfast in the restaurant and checked out before the cost was posted to my account. They faxed me a copy of my receipt, then double-charged me for the breakfast. It's been a week and a half and it still isn't straightened out. Odd for a Hyatt.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>RichardLister
<Content>Excellent Stay This was my first time staying in a Hyatt and it was certainly a good experience. Checkin was excellent. As soon as the Lady realised how tired we were, she rushed right through everything and sent us straight off to our room.The room was exactly as expected - a corner suite with a separate sitting room and bedroom area. The bathroom was excellent with a very nice bath and separate shower (decent pressure). Two televisions (4:3 CRT) and choice of wired and wireless internet (decent speed).Location is very good - right in the centre by all the shops and other major hotels. Seattle is a fantastic compact city with almost everything in walking distance. Room service was quick, good quality and not too expensive. Overall would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Travelingtwin
<Content>Loved the Hyatt.. We arrived in the early evening in Seattle and stayed at the Grand Hyatt and loved the location! The staff at the front reception as well as the doorman that delivered sunglasses left in the rental car that went to valet parking as soon as we requested them were in the true Hyatt tradition of service. We had room service the next morning and everything was delivered perfectly - we would recommend this hotel to all our familly and friends when visiting Seattle!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>170612
<Content>Great Stay at the Hyatt Just completed a one night stay at the Grand Hyatt Seattle. We were very happy with everything and can't complain. The staff was professional and courteous. Everyone from the front desk staff to the housekeeping staff was friendly and always greeted us.Jason checked us in immediately and was extremely nice, efficient, and welcoming. The house keeping staff does a great job in keeping the rooms clean. The decor was modern, the bathrooms beautiful. We were upgraded at no additional charge to a corner suite, maybe because of our Platinum status or maybe because it was a monday. The view was amazing and we loved the electronic blinds and huge room. There is a great shuttle run by Gray Line that takes you to the hotel for 17 dollars round trip, 10.25 one way. We only took the shuttle from the hotel which left at 15 minutes past the hour and 45 minutes past the hour. It was right on time and took less than 45 minutes including two stops at other hotels prior to arriving at the airport. Much cheaper than a 30-40 dollar plus tip cab ride. We have gone to the restaurant Brooklyn on this trip and our last trip also. The entertainment book provides a buy one get one free coupon for it and the food although pricey is worth it. The entertainment book provides many buy one get one free coupons to local attractions including the art museum, Victoria Clipper, aquarium, and others. The hotel is in a good location to attractions and shopping.Pikes market is a straight 10-15 minute walk from the hotel. It is right next door to an awesome movie theatre and the Cheese Cake factory. If you can get a great deal this is a hotel that I would go back to.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AMAZING!!! Hands down the best hotel in Seattle Location - Central downtownPrice - Reasonable for the quality of the hotel Rooms - Huge bathrooms are the highlight but everything is brand newService - GreatWhat it lacks - no pool Overall - The Grand Hyatt is amazing and the only place I'd stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PoblanoJ
<Content>First Rate Hotel I stayed at this hotel during a large conference at the convention center a block away. I found the rooms to be comfortable and ample. The bathroom was huge, with separate bathtub and enclosed shower. The room was impeccably clean. Front desk staff was very accommodating. Every request (extra hangers, extra towels, a refrigerator in the room, etc.) was fulfilled quickly and cheerfully with a follow-up phone call to the room making sure the service had met our needs. Also, for those attending a conference, you can get from the hotel to the convention center without getting wet when it rains (which it does do in Seattle) thanks to some creative architecture. I would stay at this hotel again in a hearbeat.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grand Hyatt does not live up to the reviews My husband, 5-year old kid and I stayed at the Grand Hyatt after reading all the good reviews on this website. However, we were really disappointed by the place. Upon checking into a room, I found that the toilet was not very clean so I requested housekeeping to come out. The person who came cleaned the inside of the toilet and I asked her to clean the toilet seat as well. I watched in horror as she took the brush with which she had cleaned the bowl and used it on the seat and then wiped it down with some already used towels in her cleaning bucket. I called the front desk and the explained the situation to them - they offered to get it cleaned again and offered me complementary wine. I turned down the wine and requested a different room, which they accomodated. In the new room, I asked for a duvet cover as my daughter keeps pulling the sheets off the blanket but the housekeeping could not find a single duvet cover!! This kind of housekeeping is totally unacceptable from a top rated hotel. Also, the front desk staff seemed unperturbed by the incident. Their attitude was that an offer of free wine is good enough apology.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel we stayed at this trip My husband, 3 young children and I stayed in a one bedroom suite from the 19th-21st and absolutely loved it. The lobby was grand and their guest service people were very helpful. We definitely had more than enough space for the 5 of us in this very big very nice room. We had a panoramic view of the city and the ocean and I felt very safe knowing that the windows would not pop open (which I experienced at another hotel in a different city this trip.) It was a close walk to the market and we spent all day (albeit a rainy day) down at the piers. All in all, a great location, a great hotel, we will definitely recommend this hotel to others!!! I mean seriously- Who could ask for more?  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A terrific weekend! Great Hotel but let the nitpicking begin....Construction is underway outside the hotel front and naturally we got a room facing that side. Luckily minimal impact as we were out all day, but consider that issue.Downtown Seattle must be ridden with police cruisers since I counted a least a half dozen sirens heard thoughout the first night, hey it was Friday so who can say?Rooms have gigantic bathrooms.Beds are pillowtopped on steroids. So much so that if you sleep anywere other than middle of the bed you will feel like you will fall off. Also any movement by one partner will result in jello like quivering of the bed which my wife certainly did not enjoy.Had room service which was really tasty and hot. Chili is great! Only restaurant in the hotel is Ruths Chris which is awesome to satisfy any carnivore but probably vegans will have to just get steamed broccoli. Kids were welcome and the staff was very nice.Weird that the hotel really doesn't have a lounge unless you count the Ruth's, and Ruths is not a place I usually go for a drink. Luckily the hotel across the street has a nice bar.Close to all the shops. If you want to shop this is the place to use as your base of ops.If you are a groupie the Cleveland Indians stayed here our weekend.Gym is nice but strange, huge machine area but lots of wasted space. Minimal weight equipment but it is very modern nice stuff.Great house staff, appropriate level of care and attentiveness. Belllguys remembered my kids all weekend and were super nice to them. (Did not see a lot of kids in this place however).Valet guys are great.All in all a great weekend and would stay here again. Wife wishes they had a pool and a proper lounge.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Class Spent an evening at the Grand Hyatt and we were absolutely impressed with the service and restraunts. Arrived late in the evening and immediately went to dinner after check in. Our bags and a roll away bed were in our room when we returned. Upgraded our room to a suite on the 30th floor. Room was immaculate with an excellent view. King bed was very comfortable and the linen soft. Very large bathroom and sitting room. Several restraunts, Ruth's Cris  Cheese Cake Factory, minutes from the hotel. GrayLine airport shuttle stops right at the hotel which is very convienent. Would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>azrambler
<Content>Grand Hyatt Seattle has it all... ... We were greatly impressed during our stay at the Grand Hyatt in Seattle, WA. Design, technology, and service converge to create an entirely enjoyable experience for guests. When one enters the guestroom, it is as if one is entering into a luxurious apartment, complete with a doorbell and foyer. The bathroom is bigger than some hotel rooms, with a glass-enclosed shower and a separate, deep bath perfect for soaking after a long day's worth of attending conference sessions or sight seeing. The rooms are also fully automated, yet the wood and stone furniture and accents in an almost Frank Lloyd Wright style sustain a discreet warmth. Service was personal and excellent, as well. Our only complaint was that the Hyatt in its literature and web page had advertised free high speed internet; they were charging 9.95/day when we checked in. This seemed slightly like bait and switch, especially when the binder listing the amenities stated that internet access was free. The least they could have done was waive the charge for those who booked before the fee was instituted. However, being able to print documents from one's laptop in the room directly to a printer, and being able to pick up the documents at the front desk easily (at 50 cents a page), was quite convenient for those who do not have a mobile printer.This is a terrific place to stay for business and pleasure.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth more than we paid We had a massive 28th floor suite for $240. It had views of everything, had an enormous bathroom, and even had a foyeur of sorts.The only disappointment is the restaurant connected with the hotel: Ruth's Chris Steaks. We ate breakfast there and service was pitiful. But big deal. We'll eat breakfast somewhere else next time. Location is perfect, service was good, suite was a joy.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful service! My husband and I stayed at this hotel on a weekend getaway to celebrate our 15th wedding anniversary. Our standard room was upgraded to a suite, and it was beautiful! Everything was very luxurious and the service was outstanding. I would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to experience a real 5 star hotel. The location was perfect (close to shopping local attractions, etc.).  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>socal4na
<Content>This is a great hotel! I stayed here with my wife for a quick weekend getaway just before Christmas. The location is great, the rooms are outstanding, restaurant and bar - excellent. Very, very nice. The parking is outrageously priced, so I would look for a nearby alternative (the pay lot across the stree). We loved our stay and only wish it was longer.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>DMNWA
<Content>A truly outstanding hotel We stayed here during Thanksgiving weekend for our wedding anniversary. We booked a corner suite and were upgraded to an executive suite. The room was spectacular. We had a view of the Sound, downtown, and the Space Needle. We had a great view for the fireworks and celebration when they lit the Christmas tree downtown. The room was incredibly large - actually it was several rooms. The executive suite includes a large living room, wet bar, powder room, bedroom, dressing room, and huge bathroom. It had luxurious furnishings in that low key, classy Northwest style. The service was great and everyone at the front desk was great. Breakfast in the restaurant hotel (727 Pine) was great, as was the service. We had drinks there several nights and they were great too. This would definitely be my first choice for a hotel in Seattle.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmontante
<Content>Anniversary @ the Hyatt My wife had wanted a small boutique for our anniversary stay in Seattle, I spotted a good rate and so we stayed at the Hyatt (I forgot to ask her first, oops). We got there and were offered a free upgrade to a corner suite, it happened to be a smoking optional room, so the front desk offered to have house cleaning come up and try to get rid of the nicotine stench (they did this within 15 min, while we had some martinis). It worked pretty good, and we were very happy with the room and the efforts of the staff. The room had an awesome view. The decor is very contemporary, so if you're into a lot of fluff decor, this might not be your style...but I thought it was awesome! The Miami dolphins happened to be staying there as well.Both times we had drinks in the 727 lounge the service was very slow, but at least the drinks were good.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you can find a good rate - the best place to stay in town, no question Newly revamped hotel -maybe 2yrs ago.Took an older historic hotel, upgraded it, and it's easily one of the nicest properties in Seattle.I stayed there maybe 10 times over the last 2yrs, and finally had to stop when their continued price increases pushed them outside of my business budget :(The corner suites are phenomenal. Like a small apartment.First class hotel, lovely, very modern almost 'W' feel.I LOVED the bed, contrary to the one guy who wrote in - slept like a baby.Great location, right downtown, can't beat it.If you can find a good rate - the best place to stay in town, no question  
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>i must inform all of you i was looking online for rates and came across this for the grand hyatt seattle... for those of you who stated you did not recieve the room type you book, remember, when you book a room, your just booking the Room Itself. requests such as kings/double beds, smoking/non, views/no view, high floor/low floor are all considered requests. each hotel books a certain number of kings/doubles, smoking/non smoking, and they usually get what hospitality employees call no-shows where guests don't show up for their reservation and bother not to cancel. i work for a much smaller hotel, but it is an upscale one as opposed to luxury. we have about 7-15 no shows a night, but there are times when there are not any no-shows which occur. guests also extend their reservations which may put you out of your request. to have a better chance of getting your roomtype requested, book directly through the hotel, this way they are able to adjust rates, more likely to upgrade, and offer you extra amenities because you are paying the hotel directly and not going through a third party which takes more than 15%-20% off the original rate, and the agents only see a rate of a fraction of what they're other guests are paying. remember to always go into the hotel thinking you're getting the room type you had no requested and speak with the front of the house staff in a calm effective manner. these associates are people too, and the more respect you treat them with, the more likely you are to get exactly what you want and possibly more, as the agents at the seattle grand did for me, i recieved breakfast, because i was kind, understanding and paid a hotel set rate instead of a company that takes a bit off the top  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent rooms... Stayed at the Hyatt in October 2004. They have some of the nicest rooms we have stayed in anywhere. Also an absolutely fantastic exercise room and spa. We were only there for one night and so we didn't get to interact much with the staff. The only problem we had was check out. We were planning on leaving Saturday morning at 9:00am...we had a 10:45 plane to catch...check out took almost 45 minutes because of the poor valet parking situation. It took over 30 minutes for them to retrieve our car. This is way too nice of a hotel for something like this to happen.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>atcken
<Content>Enjoyable weekend stay... Just got back from a quick labor day weekend trip to Seattle. After reading reviews here and finding a AAA rate (with breakfast) for a corner suite of $198.00 per night, my wife and I decided to stay at the Grand Hyatt.I called to confirm before our trip and requested a high floor with views of the waterfront. The Hyatt national reservation desk, where I was routed, was helpful and checked with the hotel directly for availability. After a little wait, the Hyatt reservation agent advised that we could get a high floor with the view we requested but they couldn't confirm until later. The agent promised to call my cell phone, even if she had to stay a bit late (we didn't arrive until near midnight). I was surprised to get a call back as promised with a confirmation of the room and room number. Check in was smooth as we had confirmed via telephone. Our room was exactly as promised - great view of both downtown Seattle (Needle and all) and a view towards Pike Place Market and the waterfront. Comfortable king bed with down pillow top bedding on the mattress. Remote controlled shades on the windows. Very luxurious bathroom with large shower and tub. All amenities including professional hair dryer, iron and board, in room safe, 2 TVs, complimentary umbrella, coffee maker, and plush robes (for use in room - or to purchase for taking home - $50 per robe). Did I mention the views? Wow!Hotel location was fine - corner of 7th and Pine so the walk to the waterfront was about 8 blocks. Very near excellent shopping and the Westlake Shopping Center. We had breakfast in the fine restaurant (727 Pine) each morning. The only knock I have against this hotel is the prices for the meals - although we didn't have to pay for breakfast as it was part of the package. Examples - $13 omelettes, $12 for salmon appetizers, $12 for waffles. We didn't check the dinner menu as we assumed the prices were much more for that meal and we had already planned to eat at the waterfront (which was actually reasonable and great views) and on Bainbridge Island.All in all, nice hotel - great amenities, decent location, taxis in front almost constantly if you chose that method of transportation, and again, the views from the hotel were incredible. Starbucks on the bottom floor. Didn't check out the fitness area or spa but these are supposed to be excellent. We'd recommend this hotel for a nice downtown stay in Seattle - call ahead for telephone confirmation to know your room number before you arrive.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>very nice, but... Great hotel, and great location. All of the staff was very friendly and easy to work with, from parking on through to the concierge.Rooms are modern and have all the amenities (got to love the automatic shades), but are missing some small items (cotton swabs, etc.) found in other hotels of this price.The health club is small, but nice (each machine has its own tv). Only thing missing there is a pool.The only thing keeping this from being a 5-star rating is the bed. My wife and I stayed there for 2 nights, and did not sleep soundly either night. The room was quiet enough, but the mattress was not 'just right'...Overall a good experience, but would probably choose another hotel in the same price range for next visit.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great service! The Grand Hyatt Seattle is one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at, from the doorbells to the electric drapes, to the great service, all 5 stars. I really like the wood and natural tones, defiantly worth the money. The 721 Pine Restaurant is good, a little pricey, but still good. The views of the city and Puget Sound are amazing. The Grand Hyatt Seattle is a hotel I would recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Rooms We booked a standard room for a Saturday night get away, and were very pleased. The common areas and rooms are extremely attractive, with beautiful combinations of wood and stone. The large bath was well designed and executed, with both a soaking tub and glass enclosed shower. Nice subtle fabrics all around. Clean design, well maintained. We didn't put great demands on the staff, but the desk clerks were friendly, and room service was prompt and pleasant. For a special treat, we would stay here again in a flash.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful - Super-comfy bed  Stayed at the Grand Hyatt from Thursday June 3rd through Sunday June 6th. Minor problem was addressed quickly and cheerfully: the first room they assigned me smelled a little stale as though someone had smoked there (even though it was a non-smoking room), but they promptly me to the room next door which was fine. The room was large and elegantly appointed, in a power-business decor sort of way -- not really my taste, but more than made up for by the bed and the bathroom! The king-sized bed was INCREDIBLY comfortable! Plushy, feathery, delightful! And the bathroom is an experience in of itself. Huge soaking tub with great waterfall fixtures, large separate glass-enclosed shower, granite countertop on the sink. I think the bathroom alone was as large as some New York studio apartments! The minibar is packed with expensive goodies which you cannot remove or you'll be charged, but you can request an additional refrigerator (at no charge) if you want to store your own beverages or food. (I had leftover desert from the Cheesecake Factory next door which I ate over three nights!) The staff is friendly and helpful, the location is excellent. HIGHLY recommended. By the way, I got a great rate through LuxuryLink, and I think Hotwire gets this hotel sometimes as well.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simple Luxury I stayed at this hotel during a workshop over Memorial Day weekend. Almost all the staff members I came into contact with were very friendly. The gentleman that was at the front desk when I checked in addressed me by my name each time he saw me throughout my stay. I found the other personnel very helpful. When I walked into the hotel room I immediately felt I was in a special place. The entrance immediately set the tone for the rest of the room. I had a great view of the water and mountains from my room. The bathroom was large with an oversized tub and a stand alone shower. The Hyatt will be my first choice for accomodations when I make my next trip to Seattle.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lawahoo2001
<Content>Pretty damn nice We stayed here in Oct. 2003. It is a gorgeous hotel. The bathrooms are HUGE and VERY clean. All made of granite/marble and very modern. The room itself was very serene, except for one problem. There is a huge gap under the door and the doors are made of very heavy wood on a hinge. This means that every time someone down the hall leaves the room, the door slams really loud, and you can hear it in your own room because of that stupid gap under your door. We would always place towels under the gap to try to muffle the sound--it only helped a little. Needless to say, we were kept awake at night by this. Other than that, the location of the hotel is excellent. Lots of great shopping close by. Also, the fitness center is sublime.  
<Date>May 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location and Luxury Nothing short of magnificent! Located in a prime retail and business corridor, the Grand Hyatt spoiled us from the moment we walked through the front door. We happened to arrive during the Women's NCAA Basketball Tournament and found the hotel very busy. When they were unable to accommodate our original request of 2 double beds, they upgraded us to a 30th floor suite! The room was outstanding and my 2 sons were mesmerized by the view. The staff was exceptional and we hated to leave. Next trip to Seattle will definitely include the Grand Hyatt!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best in Seattle! Absolutely a pleasure staying at this hotel. We were VERY fortunate to priceline this hotel at a remarkably inexpensive rate. The service was first class our entire stay, from the bellmen to the front desk to housekeeping. We were upgraded to a junior suite at check-in, with a priceline reservation! The room was outstanding...bathroom was out of this world for a hotel. The automatic blinds made it nice to wake up in the morning and raise the blinds as you lay in bed. This is a great hotel, worth whatever you spend!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>. . this hotel is as good as it gets ! This city hotel --Grand Hyatt, Seattle-- is as good as it gets ! Beautifully equipped room and bath, with lovely linens and superb lighting fixtures; excellent and efficient in-room dining service; responsive front desk; plus, best business service office ever encountered !This hotel is a haven of tranquility, service, and amenity.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spectacular! Every aspect of this hotel is well-thought out and gorgeous. You know it's really something when the faucet in the bathtub is impressive -- or how about the shades that open to reveal a magnificent view simply by hitting a button next to your bed? The staff is very friendly and helpful, and room service is yummy. The rooms are a tad small, but how beautifully the rooms are appointed makes you forget that very quickly. I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutly Great Out of several luxury hotels that my wife and I have stayed at this one is the tops. It is very tasteful and modern. We asked for a suite and wound up on a corner looking right at the Pike Street Market sign down one street, and looking at the Space Needle on the other side, what a view! The room was wonderful and very romantic with a large granite and marble tub/bath. Excellent shopping was a short walk away and it is central to almost everything. The service was friendly but not to sticky sweet - everything was just right except two things. One was the in-room Internet. This is a TV based Internet system that costs and extra 10.00 or so. It frankly sucks. Don't try to look anything up, as you will get frustrated most quickly. My second gripe comes with the territory. We knew that we were staying at a high end place, but in addition to a quite costly room rate you are forced to pay a premium for almost everything else when you visit from water in your room, to parking... just be prepared to spend more than you think, and then it won't come as quite the shock to see that $5.00 bottle of water in the fridge.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>AWESOME! Great location! What a fantastic hotel! Very chic and updated. Loved it. The food at 727 Pine is out of this world. The gym was great, the sauna was relaxing, the hot tub was serene. You won't be dissapointed.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what it's cracked up to be I recently made a trip to Seattle with my mother to meet family coming from overseas. I had hoped to stay at the Westin -- which I've stayed at several times on business trips, always with a good experience -- but they were booked for the dates I wanted. After reading the reviews here and elsewhere, I thought the Elliott would be a good substitute. Wrong! At check-in I was informed that I had been given a suite as free upgrade over the standard 2-bed room that I had reserved. Imagine my surprise when I got to the suite, only to discover that it had only one bed... Mom was not cool with the idea either. After a lengthy wait at the front desk, I was told that there were no rooms with 2 beds available at the moment (in spite of my having reserved exactly that), and they would try to find one for me. I was invited to wait in the suite until a room was found. Well over an hour later, with no call from the desk, I went back downstairs only to discover that the clerk who had spoken with me earlier had gone off duty for the day. Nobody knew anything about my previous discussion and I had to start all over again explaining how I was still waiting for the room I had reserved weeks earlier. We finally got a room, after three hours' unnecessary waiting. Other than that, the decor is impressive but austere, and the restaurant is more style than substance (with air conditioning at meat-locker levels). I will not stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>paulclark
<Content>Escaped to the Elliott Hotel Seattle The Elliott Seattle was booked for me by my travel agent because I wanted a central hotel for my holiday that was 'tasty'.What we experienced was a hotel of total privacy in the centre of a vibrant city, and with sumptuous surroundings to go with it.The view from our bedroom, just electronically slide up those shutters to peep at the day, was pure Seattle.At night the view was even better.A policy of charging corkage for personal drinks enjoyed in the room seemed a corporate intrusion that had to be dealt with, and I would recommend that the management reconsider that policy.Nonetheless the experience was excellent; five out of five, and could get into the top rank of individual chain hotels if it became a bit less business orientated.Sincerely,Paul Clark  
<Date>Oct 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaMSandyUT
<Content>I was a special guest From the moment I checked in, I was made to feel like a special guest even though I had acquired an online rate that was better than most chain hotels. The front desk staff were friendly, the room service staff efficient, even pouring my coffee before leaving. The rooms were large and luxurious, with a nice big shower AND tub. Having Starbuck's practically in the hotel was nice, and the area is near lots of shopping and a Cheesecake Factory! Right down to the doorman fetching me a taxi on my departure, I was a VIP in every way. Would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We were greeted by a cool, aloof front desk. Great location. Great rooms. Great city. But title says it all.... Read Disappointed from Tennessee as we tend to agree.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2003
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great rooms, great hotel!   showReview(1383547, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great week   showReview(1376290, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed   showReview(1272585, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>punkmunkey
<Content>very nice staff!   showReview(1270086, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chipboy07
<Content>the best Seattle hotel, period!   showReview(1190082, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmcfong
<Content>I love Seattle!   showReview(1144915, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Delight!   showReview(1108064, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jonahleon
<Content>Far from sleepless in this Seattle palace   showReview(856767, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 12, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect for Lovers   showReview(833082, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location   showReview(740922, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ddlr_2
<Content>Hotel confortable et bien situ茅   showReview(23283662, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>very comfortable high end hotel   showReview(19634809, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Recall
<Content>Sehr gutes Hotel   showReview(18345280, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼   showReview(19163734, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr angenehm und gem眉tlich   showReview(11428120, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣旇純鐨勬柊銇椼亜銉涖儐銉仹...   showReview(19927327, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

