<Author>ammatlanta
<Content>Great hotel, good location I stayed at the JW Marriott for 5 nights for a conference. I have stayed at a JW Marriott before (just Marriott), but was quite pleased with the room. There is a gym (free of charge) which is small but adequate. The location on Canal Street was great and there is an entrance on Canal as well as the main entrance on the street parallel to Canal. As a single female traveler, I felt comfortable and safe with the location.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cliquot
<Content>Very Poor for a JW Marriott Positive: Good location, steps aways from the quarter. Nice lobby. Good service from the door staff and bartenders. That is all the good I can think of.Negative: This just isn't a JW-type hotel. There is no way they should call it one. I have stayed in several JW Marriotts, but this hotel isn't as good as many marriotts that I have stayed at. Poor, noisy plumbing, hot water problems, small and outdated rooms, cheap tv's, indifferent management, poor followthrough, wall outlets that don't work, empty and nonfunctioning mini-bars (after they gave me a key for it?!). I could go on, but trust me, this hotel just isn't up to par. Stay at the Le Pavillion instead. I know i will.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	1	3	2	

<Author>tiff21x
<Content>Loved it!       room 2802  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LSim
<Content>Location,location,location with a large dose of southern hospitatlity The JW Marriott is the perfect location in this wonderful city! We walked EVERYWHERE! The staff~ I cannot say enough good things about the way we were treated! They go above and beyond with service and their recommrndations were excellent! The rooms~ OK, so maybe they need a little sprucing up! The bathroom configuration in our corner room was a little ridiculous. A larger person would have been VERY incomfortable. However, it was exceptionally clean and very comfortable and quiet! I slept very well, and we were there during the BCS National Championship Game!The bar~ Is small, (OK, intimate) , but everyone is very gracious!After all, this is New Orleans... You can always find a bar!The breakfast~ Is quite wonderful and a great start to an active day in New Orleans!Again, I can only stress that these are some of the best and most memorable staff members we have encountered in recent years. They alone make the stay outstanding!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>dagnytaggart
<Content>Pretty Disappointing I've stayed at Marriotts before, though I tend to prefer Starwood Properties. I was in New Orleans for a work event and needed to stay at the JW Marriott, so I was really looking forward to seeing Marriott's high end brand.How disappointing. The Lobby and public areas were nice, but the rooms seemed like someone had attempted a token upgrade and skipped the rest. Bed was OK, with modern linens and the desk chair had been replaced to match ones in the lobby. But the aging armoire, chipped paint on the lamps, completely miniature bathroom and lack of solid amenities really marked it as nothing more than a regular Marriott with fancy name.And then there was the weirdness. A mini fridge with a note saying that it's for drinks only because it won't be cold enough to keep food well. Huh? Friends indicated their rooms included flat screen TVs and some other items, which indicates that they might be revamping as they go, but my overall experience is that I could have stayed at the Sheraton for $50 less per night and done much better.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>edoogie
<Content>the extra effort Anybody looking to visit New Orleans and find the perfect spot to stay should find their way to the J.W. Marriott on Canal Street.It's located in the perfect spot on Canal, a short distance from the wilds of Bourbon St, but within walking distance of everything.My guests and I stayed over Halloween weekend of 2008 and were treated to an exceptional level of southern hospitality that made our first visit to New Orleans even more memorable and special.The rooms were immaculate and spacious enough. The views from the upper floors were wonderful. The concierge staff gave us nothing but excellent recommendations and the hotel's general manager went above and beyond to make sure we were treated like family.Our only regret was that we couldn't stay longer.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MarcJordan
<Content>Nice, but a bit disappointed The JW Marriott brand implies two things: an upscale property with excellent service. The service at this hotel did fulfill the service portion but I'm afraid the old lady looks a little worn around the edges.The lobby was very nice, but the room was simply ordinary and could easily pass for a typical Marriott. I had an oversized corner room with a view of the quarter, so that was nice. The room had a new LCD TV but the reception on most of the channels was very snowy and was a throwback to the days of rabbit ears. The circa 1995 green Marriott carpet was worn in some areas. The room itself was well insulated and quiet. I didn't hear a peep from anybody. The corridors were freezing at all hours of the day and appear to have been updated recently as the carpet is consistent with the new blue pattern found throughout the Marriott system.I'm a Platinum member in the Marriott Rewards program and had access to the Executive Lounge on the 27th floor. I found it to be well stocked and very nicely decorated. As a plus, they provide a PC with an Internet connection, so checking messages was easy. Over the weekend the lounge is closed but the front desk provided breakfast coupons good for a continental breakfast in the restaurant (Shula's steakhouse). When I sat down and presented the coupon, I was told that for $2 I could take advantage of the full buffet. This proved to be the biggest bargain not only of my trip, but probably the entire year. The buffet was great and offered everything I could possibly want. Outstanding job Shula!The location of this hotel is simply outstanding.Overall my stay was very comfortable but I was expecting a really upscale experience and was disappointed that there doesn't even appear to be any upgrade construction going on. I think the next time I'm in town I'll give their sister properties (Marriott and Renaissance) a try.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>guy_traveller
<Content>Needs some tweaking I was a bit apprehensive after reading the reviews of this hotel. If this is an example of how Marriott runs their top tier, they have not learned very much about the hotel industry in the past 85 years.- Check in was slow despite only one person in front of me.- No one available to take bags up to the room.- Front desk clerk puts us on concierge floor as she is supposed to but forgets to encode cards for concierge lounge.- door in concierge lounge does not work properly. No sign, no way to get in except wait for someone to come out. When asked, they said maintenance had fixed it - which evidently they had not. Upon arrival in the lounge well before closing, pretty much all of the snacks were gone. it would be appropriate to have some things that do not spoil so that people coming in later in the day when snacks are supposed to be available (or 3/4 of an hour before they are supposed to be over with) can still have something. Have a plan when you run out!- They should maybe let people know that the entrance is in the back. The address is given as Canal street, but that's not where you drive.- Hot water is a nice thing to have in a hotel. The water was just lukewarm. My wife was unable to have a bath and could only have what she called a freezing shower. We were told upon checkout that maintenance had said this was fixed. From the two maintenance had said it was fixed, it is clear that the maintenance department is in the habit of pronouncing things as fixed when in fact they are not. Troubling, actually.- Valet parking is very expensive yet car retrieved and left unlocked/unattended upon check out. Fortunately the keys were not in it, but certainly not wise to leave it unlocked with no one watching.The building appears to be nice and this could be a good hotel..but they do not seem to be putting the effort into properly running it. Im not going to say that I would never stay in this hotel again, but certainly it is not going to be my first, second, or even 20th choice. I would say it is not likely I'll be in it ever unless there's a severe room shortage or if they start to undercut Motel 6 price wise.Certainly management needs to pay more attention to detail in this hotel. Mine is not the only review which reveals shortcomings. New Orleans is trying to recover and regain their tourist business. Hotels run in this fashion do nothing to advance the cause and in fact cause more harm than good.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>Donnas
<Content>10 Days at the JW Just got back from a meeting that I was fortunate enough to be a part of the hosting committee...we selected the JW Marriott as our meeting hotel and we made a good decision...from all of our members that attended the meeting (and the hotel was booked by our members)...no one had a complaint what so ever...I think the most frequent request concerning the meeting facilities was the temperature...rather on the chilly side. Being from the south, keep in mind we do like our air conditioning.First and foremost, the staff...excellent! Everyone was extremely pleasant and most helpful. They remembered your name and room and was at our service immediately. THANKS for the attention to details. Our members were very impressed.The guest rooms were great...plenty of room especially for those that were hosting the meeting...boxes stacked everywhere along with normal items (luggage, etc) and still had plenty of room to relax or entertain if necessary.The food was excellent and room service was right on time...sometimes even a little early which is fine with me when you are scheduled for talks or board meetings.My hat is off to the JW Marriott and I want to say THANK YOU for making our national meeting such a big success!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Shortwalk
<Content>Marriott Platinum Member review I have stayed at the JW Marriott many times both before and after Katrina.Good location with very dated, noisy rooms and poor over all service. Noisy rooms mean every time someone opens and closes there hotel door you can hear it slam and you can hear your neighbors tv and phone calls. Remember, New Orleans is a convention city and a party city which means you get to hear your neighbors coming and going at all hours of the day and night. Quick and easy check in.Poor service for both breakfast and dinner at Don Shulas.Housekeeping does a poor job. Food crumbs still on the floor next to bed from the previous guest after three days. Some days Housekeeping would leave plastic coffee cups, some days they don鈥檛 and yes I always leave a tip. If you have a bellman bring your bags down, you tip him. Then a second bell man loads the bags into the car and you tip him. The person who brings your car around won鈥檛 give you the keys or open the trunk or unlock the car until you have tipped him. My business associates are always amazed.The NFL uses this hotel for both visiting teams and referees. I wonder if the NFL gets the same treatment as a Platinum member.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	5	1	3	

<Author>brooksz
<Content>Adequate Marriott in New Orleans This is a standard Marriott -- not sure it is quite the caliber of any other JW Marriott's which I have visited. That said, the hotel is a good location for sampling all the wonderful things in New Orleans.The location on Canal is right across from the French Quarter making it a little quieter than some other area hotels. It is also right on the streetcar route which make it handy for traveling up town.The staff seem a little overwhelmed at times. There is a constant stream of people (primarily conventioneers during my stay) through the hotel. The women staffing the concierge lounge were very good and went out of their way to help identify local restaurants off the beaten path.The hotel restuarant -- Don Shulas -- should be avoided as there is MUCH better food just across the street at The Palace Cafe, Baccos or Acme Oyster.The rooms were good sized but the bathroom was tiny. The amenities were typical Marriott branded products. The towels were a little thin and could use replacing.Shopping is all through the quarter or you can walk about two blocks down Canal to the Shops on Canal where you will find Saks and a few other chain stores. Try Wehmeirs on Toulouse for some great exotic leathers. -- alligator, lizard, etc.Overall I would stay here again because I am a Marriott Platinum member. If not for that, however, I might look elsewhere.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Mooneydriver
<Content>An embarrassment for the JW Marriott brand This was my second stay in the New Orleans JW Marriott. The first stay was prior to Katrina and I was quite pleased with the hotel. On this second stay, I was disappointed. In my opinion, this is a poorly-managed and worn-out hotel that no longer deserves the upscale JW Marriott brand. The Marriott across from the Conference Center is a better choice at this time.The rooms at the JW are rather small, but that's the norm in NOLA. I had a corner room with a bit more space. The furniture was rather worn out (not distressed to make it look old, but simply frayed and chipped). The TV was old, the picture was fuzzy, and it completely lacked the color red (probably a burned out circuit). Sure, I was not in New Orleans to watch TV, but nevertheless. I had three additional problems with the room (the safe did not work, the light bulb above the shower was burned out, and the shower curtain was dirty). I reported these problems in the morning. The same evening, I returned to my room and surprised to find that the problems were not fixed! I called and talked to the Night Manager, who apologized profusely and promised to send someone right away. They eventually replaced the shower curtain and fixed the safe while I was out for dinner. They never replaced the burned-out light bulb. In general, I found the hotel staff (e.g., porters) to be inattentive and uninterested in their jobs. For example, they opened doors for customers while continuing to chat with their buddies. No big deal, one would say, but this hotel used to have impeccable service prior to Katrina.The Concierge Lounge is large and elegant, with decent views of the French Quarter. They serve an above-average breakfast.Overall, if you demand top-notch service and accommodations, I recommend waiting until Marriott decides to renovate this hotel (and upgrade its management).  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	2	3	

<Author>meshia1124
<Content>Better than MOST of the Marriott-owned hotels down there...... I won't make this lengthy.... but I just got back from JW Marriott this past weekend, was in New Orleans for the Essence Music Festival...4th of July wknd, just returned home yesterday..... sun july 6th - anyway, all that aside, I liked this hotel, location cant be beat...u DONT need to drive....cause everything is within walking distance from this hotel - UNLESS u're going to like the Superdome for an event..... then a short, cheap taxi ride...Nice hotel layout, courteous front desk, nice lounging in the lobby areas....bar is on the main floor as well, nice setup in my opinion - my ONLY complaint about this hotel are the walls are PAPER PAPER thin....and for a nice hotel of this caliber, i was surprised more detail wasnt put into the insulation process.... i mean when i say THIN, there was a lady in the room next us, who was on the phone, and it was coming thru so CLEARLY that i thought something was wrong w/our phone and thought a sound was coming through THERE..... I went towards the phone to lean towards, and thats when I realized it was coming from the lady on the OTHER side of the wall! Other than the thin walls, my stay wasnt NEARLY as UNPLEASANT as it was at the Springhill Suites (also by Marriott)..that we also stayed in this same wknd. (Please read my other review on them.)....  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>joshlufsgirl
<Content>St.Patricks Day in New Orleans Myself, my two friends and my parents headed down to new orleans for the St.Patricks day holiday. I am a Marriott rewards member, and travel agent-and often travel to Marriott branded properties. I'm also a frequent traveller to New Orleans, and have gotten very accustomed to the different hotels down there. I was very excited to be staying at the JW after staying at Renaissance Arts and loving it (and knowing the JW to be considered a higher calibre of class), however I was displeased upon arrival. The front desk staff was a bit scattered, there was a large conference there, however, it was only my group and another lone single woman in line to check in. Since I checked availability both earlier that morning, (and from my laptop in the room just a little bit later) I knew there were suites available, however, they repeatedly told me that could not upgrade (even when I offered to PAY for the upgrade) because there was no availability. The room: Was tiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiny. Really small. We felt pretty crammed in there (three ladies). The bathroom was nicely appointed, but some of the tiles in the bathroom wereOverall we weren't pleased that we paid almost twice as much (then the renaissance) for a smaller room with staff that were less accomodating.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>mdcawa
<Content>Top Non-Boutique Hotel I've stayed in some of NO's boutique hotels. I respect those looking for a quaint NO hotel for that authentic experience, but I generally prefer more modern digs. So if you're looking for modern, this hotel is right at the top.Good: nice-sized rooms, great showers w/full compliment of shampoo/conditioner/shower gel/soap/mouthwash (didn't recognize the brand, but I'd buy these products at home), UNBELIEVABLY comfortable beds, good service (easy check-in/out and very good concierge), fast elevators, good in-room coffee selection, in-room safe (very convenient), two really nice robes, free fridge/microwave available upon request, very nice concierge lounge with breakfast (b'fast served at Shula's Steakhouse on weekends--even better, IMO) and hors d'ouvres, decent views, friendly staff, fresh fruit available at front desk, nice workout facility (outdoor pool--didn't use), and VERY convenient location.Bad: I'd give 5 stars if not for the pricey internet charge (how is this free at most Hampton Inns, for example, but not at a JW Marriott?), the fussy A/C (it was perfect during the day, but no matter how low we turned it down at night, we woke up a bit warm and had to do the old 3AM adjustment--all this while the hallways were like meat lockers 24/7), and the moderately thin walls (this is a very minor criticism--Hotel Monteleone was much, much worse; I realize it's NO, so noise is expected, but you can hear quite a bit in adjacent rooms; admittedly this is usually more the neighbor's fault than the hotel's).All criticisms are minor and are overshadowed by the positives. If you want to stay in a BB or historic NO hotel, this won't do it for you, but if you want the modern conveniences, I'd recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	2	

<Author>KKAustin
<Content>Nice JW, but could use some upgrades Although my overall stay at this hotel was pleasant, it wasn't without it's problems. The first room was clean, but there was a noisy air conditioner that kept us up most of the night. We asked to be moved and we were promptly given a new room. The next room was fine, except this one had a very strange smell in it. I think it was a cleaner. It was too over powering and we moved once again.The manager ended up giving us Rewards points for our stay for the trouble and also upgraded us to the club level. This was nice, but it closes early on Friday! Overall, I'm not sure I'd stay here again if I came to New Orleans. I might try another Marriott property or even another hotel.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>dreamtripz
<Content>Best Price, Location, and Service This hotel was tops in price, location, and service. It's walking distance to all the major attractions and great restaurants; and across the street from the street cars that can take you everywhere. The accomodations were clean, extremely comfortable, and reasonably priced. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was courteous and eager to be of service.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>alyson003
<Content>Friendly staff, close to the quarter, room a bit noisy The hotel staff was super nice, bed was very comfortable with overzized pillows...We stayed on the 23rd floor and while the view wasn't spectacular it was one viewpoint of the city I have never seen before so I found it interesting. Super close to Bourbon and not far from Saks and Riverwalk Mall (which many stores have yet to open since katrina so not really worth the walk) We ordered in breakfast one morning and and it was excellent (salmon, cajun, potatoes, eggs def worth the price) The only problem was the ac made a bit of racket and walls were thin. The front desk does offer fans to help drown outside noises. Overall good experience. Oh and Internet was not free, which is irritating.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	3	2	

<Author>Sarah_the_Critical
<Content>Luxery + Great Location I can be very critical of hotels, but my 5-day stay at the JW Marriott was awesome! The gym was fantastic, with free towels, bottled water, fruit, and plenty of cardio and other equipment.The beds were so much better than at home and the room didn't have that stinky hotel smell of cheap cleanser.The restaurant downstairs attached to the hotel was (expectedly) pricey for breakfast, but I ate there a few times and found the food and service to be good. Unfortunately, I did have to pay about $14 for wheat toast, 2 eggs with ketchup, and coffee. I took some extra snacks from the buffet for later. There is a Starbucks across the street, where we went to get some work done on the very cozy armchairs.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>OhioWinemaker
<Content>Real nice Great location, 2 free bottled waters left in room, free mini fridge and micro but only if you ask-they will brought to your room. $15 for internet and local and long calls per day,so go across the street to the other marriot, internet is its free there. Food ok and expensive. Eat at red fish grill on Bourbon, its great but eat breakfast on Decatur and Iberville on the corner, their will be a guy on the corner to welcome you-they have a 7:30-? $9.99buffet or ala carta  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>naflatem
<Content>Very nice hotel just across the street from the Quarter This is an upscale Marriott and I will definitely stay here again. Right on Canal St. across from the French Quarter so very convenient to the streetcar lines and walking distance to all the hot spots. The beds were extremely comfy and the room was clean and fresh. I had 2 friends with me and we had a room with 2 double beds. The staff was sooooooo great and handled all our requests promptly. The elevator is lightning fast so you get in and out in a snap. No problems at all. I would recommend this hotel to adults on business or pleasure.TorreyNorth Carolina  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Delide
<Content>Great staff but rooms are ordinary Very welcoming and helpful staff, but the room I stayed was getting old and was not clean.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	5	5	3	

<Author>RedSabre
<Content>Good Deal for Last Minute Jazz Fest Travel At the last minute (like the day before traveling) I gave in to the urge to go to Jazz Fest, and while booking plane tickets, Expedia offered up the JW Marriott as a hotel option. Knowing that rooms would be in short supply, I grabbed it and got a decent deal.I'd stayed at this hotel in the 90s when it was a Le Meridien, which had a more austere, subtle elegance. It has since been tarted up with the Marriott signature colors -- which are not bad, per se, but result in a sameness among Marriott properties. But standardization is not all bad, expecially when it comes to the supremely comfortable Marriott bedding.The room in general was comfortable, well-furnished, and of decent size. The bathroom was, however, too small for me and my husband to use at the same time, which made getting ready a challenge. (I understand some rooms have larger bathrooms, or separate vanities, but we didn't have that.). Our room didn't have a view, but we didn't spend much time there anyway. All-in-all, we got an above-average business class hotel.We took advantage of the concierge to buy bus tickets to Jazz Fest. And we ate dinner one night at Shula's, in the hotel lobby. While we typically prefer to eat local, after a long day in the heat and mud at Jazz Fest, we didn't feel much like going out for dinner and waiting a long time for a table -- Shula's was convenient, seated us right away without a reservation, and served up a steak that was a cut above the typical offerings at high-end steakhouses.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>bigdog4
<Content>good property, well kept The JW Marriott on Canal St is new, clean , spacious, and has excellent service. The location on Canal, two blocks away from the French Quarter ensures that you do not have to deal with or listen to the drunken clowns. The new facility ensures spacious room, bath and lobby, with a convenient bar. We used the valet very often, and never waited more than a few minutes for the car.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tattooedbears
<Content>Great Hotel Very nice hotel, great location and wonderful staff. The beds are to rave about, with 8 pillows on them, I had a very good sleep. This hotel was honestly close to everything. The room was always clean, the air works great, as stated before everything is provided for you ...iorn, robes, shampoo, conditioner, lotion, coffee, water, had something not been in the room that you needed all you had to do was ask and not 5 min later you have in hand whatever it was you asked for.I do also have to rave about Steven Petty ( hope I have the name right) talk about customer service, this is the go to man if you need anything he was AWESOME. Thanks for all your help from the 4 Canadian girls down for the weekend.I can't wait to go back to New Orleans and this is the hotel of choice forsure!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>InQueens26
<Content>Nice Location       Supplies  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>dolmatt
<Content>Great service at the JW We just got back from our stay at the JW Marriott in New Orleans and LOVED it!! It was a luxury hotel in a great location. If you're looking for a more French Quarter looking hotel, this isn't it, it's a typical luxury high-rise hotel, located on Canal st, right near Royal..easy walk to everything-very convenient. As for the rooms, they were very clean and had amazing beds! The room comes with everything you'd need (iron, hair dryer, robes, even complimentary bottled water) you could even request a mini fridge at no charge. The staff at the hotel were amazing, so friendly and accommodating. We ordered room service a few late nights and were amazed at how good the food was and how great the prices were.  The only problem we had with the hotel was that there was a problem with paying our room service charge...we wanted to pay cash, but some attendants wouldn't take it, and some would..so we paid it upon check out and explained our issue to the general manager and he took care of the problem...he definitely knows how to treat people...we were very impressed with his customer service skills.Overall, I loved the hotel and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hola_y_saludos
<Content>The hotel is nice, but could use improvements I stayed at the Marriott for 3 days for a business meeting. Pluses: great location, comfortable beds, nice staff at the front desk, nice bell-staffMinuses: Terrible soundproofing in the rooms, overdone deodorizer in the rooms, poor temperature control for the rooms  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Gussy
<Content>Great Location Stayed two weekend nights in March with husband. He wanted to stay at Marriott across the street but it was booked. Said that it had a better view but without a balcony I'm not concerned about a view. JW did give us a corner room so hubby got his view. The hotel/room was very clean. The beds were very comfortable and had lots of pillows. Was very pleased with the room. Did make it to the work out room on 8th floor.Hotel is in walking distance of French Quarter. Enjoyed a great meal at Ct of 2 Sisters. Was around $75pp including wine/tip. Veal Oscar and bread pudding were awesome. I've had better Cesar salads. Next night went to Acme O. House and had to wait in line. I thought that place was very overrated. Stopped by several bars and really liked the Carousel. It was spring break so Pat O'Brian鈥檚 and others were very packed/noisy. Got free passes for continental breakfast each morning. It was OK but I would not pay $33.00 for 2. There is a McDonald's close by.Would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>ccelestej
<Content>Wonderful!!!!! I just got home from the JW Marriott in New Orleans today and I'm already missing the hotel. The hotel is located in a great location and is convenient to EVERYTHING. The staff is friendly and welcoming. They will work to accomodate your needs. The rooms are excellent. You have your own thermostat and the beds are extremely comfortable. And they aren't the usual ugly hotel sheets and blankets. The room was very clean and housekeeping was awesome. I never once ran out of towels and the sheets were always clean and changed every day. They left PLENTY of shampoo and conditioner. You get two complimentary bottles of water every day so you do not need to buy the bottle of Evian they offer. You also get the paper. I had a great view and I did not ask for a room with a view. The room was large in size and the bathroom was a nice size as well. The water was always hot. I was very impressed and I will definately be back. I've stayed in Luxury Suites and have to say it did not compare to a regular room at the JW Marriott. I never ordered room service due to so many resteraunts in NO but my neighbors ALWAYS did, noon and night so I am assuming the food was good. I know the prices were very reasonable. I never once had a problem with loud neighbors. I wouldn't have known I had neighbors if it wouldn't be for the empty room service tray in front of the door when I would be leaving or coming in at night. You couldn't choose a better hotel!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>October08Bride
<Content>Good Location       My Room  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>jwdatty
<Content>great hotel and staff I stay at the jw several times a year for both business and personal trips. the reviewer who complained about the elevators must be mistaken. the hotel has four elevators with access to any floor on each. the rooms have always been clean even just a months after katrina.the front desk and concierge are helpful, in particular, isabelle who is great in assisting withe reservations and/or tickets.debra at the lobby bar is the best ever, always helpful, friendly and makes you feel welcome.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>we3kingsKentucky
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff We stayed a week at the JW. Perfect location- walked to restaurants, aquarium, casino. Staff was wonderful-especially Gwendalyn. Room was good size, free washer/dryer on 8th floor, housekeeping and turndown were great. Hotel was busy, but still able to offer personal service.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>atpatt
<Content>Great hotel, friendly staff, great beds! We were only at the hotel for a night,but found it to be clean, well-appointed, and comfortable. The staff was friendly and helpful, which is something we are very used to in New Orleans. We ordered room service from the all night menu and the staff was very accommodating in preparing a couple of things for us that were not on the limited late night menu. We look forward to staying at the JW Marriott in the future, hopefully for more than 1 night!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>foreyes21
<Content>great hotel My husband and I spent 4 nites at the JW Marriott for NBA All-Star weekend. We had a corner room on the 28th floor with a great view of the city. The location of the hotel is perfect for seeing all of the sights of New Orleans. The room was small but well laid out and the bed was very comfortable. The buffet breakfast at Shula's was great except for the very rude chef at the omelette/waffle station. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>betsy7060
<Content>Wonderful Stay Stayed here from 2/14-2/17 during the NBA All-Star Weekend. Hotel is located on Canal street about one block from Bourbon street. Service was great with the exception of the valet not hailing a cab for us and suggesting we walk to another street to catch a cab. Hotel is within walking distance to the casino. Room was large and we had a view of Canal street. Will definitely return to this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>MonkeyFoot
<Content>Satisfied My husband I I spent three nights at the JW this past weekend. The hotel is very convenient to the French Quarter. We also had excellent service by the staff. Room service and check-in were all prompt and efficient. Our only problem was associated with being there during Mardi Gras parades. This made it difficult to get back across the street to get to the French Quarter. The room was clean although small. We had a room with a king size bed which was quite comfortable. I would definitely keep this hotel in mind again when going to N.O.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ECL
<Content>Mixed things about this place -- GOOD and BAD This is a great location and the hotel has a great, friendly staff and is good for a large company meeting. However, parts of the hotel are run down and some of the rooms are shocklingly dirty and in need of remodeling. My room had mildew in the shower area, and inconsistent cleaning. After the first day, my room waste basket was removed and never replaced during the 4 days I stayed there. But, for all the meetings and company events we had, the arrangements were always done right with a very friendly and efficient staff. The hotel system elevators are weird -- you have to press in which floor you want, and the computer system assigns you to a specific elevator which goes to the specific floor. This works if there are only a few people using the elevator at the time you are using it but during a big company meeting, when many of us are on break using the elevator, the system gets swamped and sometimes people never get to the floor they want.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	3	5	5	

<Author>TRAVEL_LOVER96
<Content>go for the beds This hotel is wonderful  classy. But, you don't need to be snooty to stay here. The beds are out of this world comfy. The duvets are fantastic. The hotel is conveniently located with a 5 minute walk to bourbon street and the rest of the french quarter without the high price of convenience. We did not eat at the restaurant in this hotel as New Orleans has so many great eateries for cheap cheap cheap! Enjoy its a classy hotel in the middle of a beautiful city!  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>marians_moreau
<Content>Good value!       Kingsizebett  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>artfam
<Content>Weekend Getaway Nice getaway. Went for Labor Day Weekend. We were looking for a hotel that was close to Bourbon Street. JW was very close. Please request a corner room as you will have a lot of space. The staff was very friendly. The concierge gave us great advice on places to eat and go around the area. The room was nice. Didn't see anything out of sorts. Comfortable bed, nice set up. I would say that the room is average, but the ambiance in the hotel makes up for it.The hotel was about 3/4 full. All of the staff was wonderful.Went to Shula's for breakfast and dinner. Bring your wallet when it comes to Shula's. Dinner is a bit pricey, but is definitely worth it. You will receive great service. It was truly a memorable trip for me and my husband.Take a look at our pictures of NOLA and the JW on our flickr account!www.flickr.com/artfam  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dctwin
<Content>Nice hotel I stayed here for two months and for the most part it was good. The service was great and the rooms are average. My bathroom was tiny though so try and get a corner room if possible b.c its bigger. I did not like that the walls were so thin though. I heard everything .. and I do mean everything.. from my neighbors. From fighting to even just conversations ( the guests next to me had serious relationship problems) and I could hear laughing from people upstairs so it was hard to sleep at many times. Being so close to the french quarter also brought lots of drunks around the hotel and strange people . Also I heard that there were small roaches on one of the floors but luckily I was on the 29th floor so luckily I didnt see anything. ITs a huge hotel with a small pool and a good gym.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Pir8guy
<Content>In the minority: Not overly impressed. I stayed here last week for a convention. The lobby is impressive, and the bellmen and valets were extremely nice. The location is great, easy walk to the quarter. I have to say, however, I was completely underwhelmed with the room. I had stayed in a Hilton Garden the week before, and the room was much nicer. The room was very bland, the chairs uncomfortable, the TV your standard Motel 6 26 inch Phillips, the shower rod was loose and the coffee machine quit working on the second day. It was not indicated to me upon check in (I realized later) whether, as a Silver menber, I had any access to an executive area (is there even one?). Also, the wireless connectivity was so weak as to be useless. Ethernet was available.Everything else was ok. I just got sick of my co-workers telling me how cool the W and the International House were.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mcadoo
<Content>Excellent stay at the JW We stayed at the JW on Sept 14 thru the 17 and had a wonderful stay. The accommodations were fantastic with room size being average, bedding is the best we've been on and our views were amazing (it appeared most higher rooms would have a great view with the way the hotel is set up). Room service was some of the best we've had and certainly the hottest food we've ever recieved from room service. The location of the hotel is 2 blocks from Bourbon Street on the opposite side of Canal, so walking to the French Quarter is a breeze, regardless of Bourbon St. or Decatur. Also a short distance to Harrah's. Service was exactly what you'd expect from this type of hotel, nothing short of the best. This was our second trip in as many years to the Crescent City and we loved it so much better this time. Our favorite night stop is the Famous Door which features live music (rock and roll) with a crowd that is not too old, or too young. We found two great local places to eat this trip. Coop's is just across from Margaritaville and some great local eats including the usual suspects plus pasta and great crab claws. The red beans and rice is great as is the gumbo, the jumbalya has rabbit and sauage and is great as well. Didn't have anything that didn't get eaten. Also, a little further on the far side of the French Quarter from where we stayed was a place called Port of Call. We all had the filet, but the burgers looked just a good. They only serve baked potaoes which are fantastic, and salads with a great blue cheese dressing! Be prepared to wait at this place, as lots of locals frequent, especially on the weekends. Some places we heard of from many locals, but did not get to, were Jaques Imos (sp?) and Tujagues. the first is a ways away and has a music place next door called the Maple? The latter is only a couple block from Coops on the same street (823 Decatur). We will definately try both of these next time. The two places we ate at are very casual. At Coops you may look inside and turn away, which we almost did, but venturing inside was one of the highlights of the trip. Also Port of Call is nothing fancy to look at, as the 5 other people thought I was crazy to make them walk all that way once they saw the outside. Funny, no one complained on the way back! One final comment on the JW-The pool is a decent size and located on the roof on the 8th floor, but the seating is very limited. Sunday and Monday was not too crowded, but Saturday found many poeple wanting to enjoy the beautiful weather, but not being able to get a seat. If visiting the pool is your thing, get your seats early. Please feel free to contact me with any questions regarding our stay.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bigguyinpasadena
<Content>One of the best Marriotts I have ever stayed at! From check in to checkout the staff were wonderful!As a Marriott Rewards Gold member both I and my travel companion were upgraded to gorgeous corner rooms with a lot of space and great viewsThe room was spotless and the housekeeping staff did a fantastic job to keep it in that condition.Concierge lounge on the 27th floor puts out a great spread for breakfast,dinner,and dessert/coffee-I have never had such a wonderful cocktail/dinner spread-it really was a full meal.The breakfast buffet downstairs in Shulas is first rate also.I had a great stay and look forward to my next visit.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cruisermeg
<Content>Great choice in NOLa-excellent service The JW Marriott New Orleans is located across Canal Street from the New Orleans Marriott, with a drive-up entrance around the corner on Common Street. I was originally planning to spend two nights here, but wound up moving from the Marriott a day early due to sub-par service and renovations which were not disclosed prior to arrival. There was no problem in arriving a day early as occupancy rates are running about 15% for hotels in the area (at least the Marriott-branded properties.)The rooms portion of the hotel is 30 floors high and is sort of an X shape. My room was a deluxe corner king on the 29th floor with a view of the river (between several other hotels!) The room was not overly large, and was somewhat pie-shaped. To the right of the door was a dresser with several drawers and what was a mini bar. It had nothing in it, but it was locked so I was unable to use it to keep anything cold. I guess I could have asked to use it, or for a fridge, but I decided it wasn't necessary. Next was a closet with a safe inside. Also, a nice fluffy robe, an iron and board, and a couple satin hangers in addition to the normal wood hangers. Opposite the closet was a counter that was about 8-10 inches wide and maybe 5-6 feet long. Not sure why it was there, but I found it a good place to keep extra beverages and stuff. Next came the sink, followed by the tub/toilet in a separate, small room. Nice thick towels and nirvae toiletries in pleasant scents.The room had a king sized bed, a nightstand, desk, TV atop another small dresser, a desk and chair (nice and padded, not the usual office type) and an armchair with an ottoman and glass coffee table. Windows are not floor to ceiling but are big enough (and on part of two walls) that you can see out of them from the chair or the bed.The hotel is a bit noisy. I heard some street noise though not as much as at the regular Marriott. However, I did hear noise from above and next door. Also, on two nights I was awakened from a sound sleep in the middle of the night by noisy kids or young adults. I was not the only one who complained I later discovered. The concierge lounge was closed for the weekend. Actually, it would remain closed until the 4th of July when the crowds were due to pick up for the Essence festival. I was given coupons for a continental breakfast buffet in Shula's as well as a $15 discount to be used in either room service or Shula's for dinner on Sunday (when the lounge would normally be open for hors d' oeuvres).The Continental buffet had lots of fresh fruits, nice pastries and cereals, plus some meats and bagels and lox with all the fixings. However, for just $2 more, you could get the entire, hot buffet. Considering the retail price is $16.95 and the Continental buffet is $11.95, you can't beat it! The omelet one day was great, but the waffles on another occasion were a bit too sour and took very long. It was early and the mix wasn't ready, then the waffle maker wasn't hot. Again, others also mentioned the sour taste of the waffles. The server did, however, keep me apprised of the situation several times.Shula's is a chain of steakhouses named for the famed coach. Prices are listed (on the lunch/dinner menus) as market price which generally means to me that I need to win the lottery! Prime rib was $32.95 and was a 32 ounce hunk of meat. I went at about 5 PM so I was able to order the prime rib sandwich off the menu for $15.00. Tasty, but it could have been hotter. I must say though, every single staffer in the place-bartenders, servers, managers, hosts were so pleasant that I told the manager when I grabbed a quick snack upon checkout. My room also had a partial view of the outdoor pool which is on the 8th floor. The Marriott was sending its guests over to use it since theirs is closed. I didn't check out the pool but the people in it seemed to be having fun.The hotel is very clean-I noticed nothing broken or dirty and I always look for this stuff! Actually, I usually don't have to look for problems in a room-they find me! I really have nothing bad to say about the JW Marriott. I wish all other Marriott-branded hotels were run this well.As I had an early flight, I booked on line with the N.O. Airport Express shuttle. It's $13 and they pick you up right at your hotel. My shuttle arrived 10 minutes early and he made one other stop. There was one person already in the shuttle when I got on. We were due to get to the airport at 8:10 but we arrived well before that. The driver was nice and I would suggest this service to anyone needing such transportation. I found them by googleing N.O. Airport transportation but I think there is also a link on the NOLa airport website.For those flying Southwest out of New Orleans, many of the food places were not open. Not sure if this is due to the holiday, post-Katrina stuff or what, but be advised that there isn't much to eat in the terminal. That of course, is subject to change, but I had trouble even getting a cup of coffee.While I most likely won't return to NOLa in the foreseeable future, I would select the JW without hesitation. This is the way Marriotts should be run!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mrs_nuts
<Content>Great Location and Service, Could use a few improvements If you plan to spend time in the French Quarter, this location is great. Close to Bourbon Street and to Harrah's. The service was great, and the room service and restaurant fantastic. Even free bottles of water -- you rarely see that! Our biggest complaint was the lack of mini bar. You'd think at a place close to Bourbon you'd make a fair amount of money with one. Regardless, we brought some of our own beverages. The rooms did have a fridge, unfortunately they were locked and out of use. That really bothered us. Other than that, we got a corner room which was quite roomy and had a nice view. On the first level there are no shops -- not even a gift shop -- just empty retail space. Hope that in time this can be filled.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>dtwtravelers
<Content>Nice hotel...close to quarter This was a pretty nice hotel. It is across the street from the quarter, but not in the quarter. This can be good or bad depending on how much action/culture you are looking to absorb. The rooms and the staff were nice, however, there seemed to be a problem with the hot water in the rooms. Awesome excercise facility and great rooftop swimming pool. I liked this hotel, but I would probably stay in the quarter next time.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>polarbearfin
<Content>Outstanding       Hall  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigdawgChicago
<Content>Excellent staff Stayed for one night for business. Room was very clean and quiet, bed and pillows very comfortable. The staff including bellman, doorman, check-in clerk and room service personnel were the epitome of how excellent hotel staff should be trained-they were very friendly and extremely accomodating, amongst the best I've ever seen. Room service food was very good and breakfast buffet in Shula's was good, but not as good as the breakfast buffets at most Marriott hotels. The bottom line-you won't go wrong to stay here.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KateRoanoke_VA
<Content>Wonderful experience! Would highly recommend this hotel - thanks to another reviewer, we requested a corner room and the view was marvelous, especially at night. The bed was comfortable, lots of pillows(some feather), high-end linens. Room had comfortable seating, small refrigerator, nice amount of closet space. Staff was very friendly and accomodating - gave great recommendations for where to eat! Perfect location - walking distance to French Quarter, the river, aquarium, restaurants. Still waiting to hear if we'll earn Marriott rewards points since we reserved and paid through Priceline.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MayfieldCats
<Content>Very nice hotel, great location! We stayed at the JW Marriott after leaving another hotel nearby due to poor service. We had a beautiful corner room. The bed was the most comfortable I've been in. The toilet/tub is seperate from the sink/vanity area, which I prefer. Refrigerator in the room. Nice pool with padded lounge chairs. If you want to tan there is a limited amount of time due to large buildings around. The pool is on the 8th floor. The location is awesome. You are facing Common Street and Canal Street. Canal street is very populated and you will feel safe there. Common St. isn't as busy and has a lot of vacant buildings. The only issue I had, and it wasn't a big deal: The housekeeping staff were rather loud, woke me up the one morning I was trying to sleep in a littel later. Staff was always very courteous and helpful. Note: Taxi to and from airport is $29 each way. Taxi to Garden District will run about $7.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stlfan
<Content>Great Stay at the JW Marriott The JW Marriott Hotel on Canal Street was wonderful. We spent Easter weekend there and what can I say except location, location, location. The city was very active and the areas for tourists were not impacted by the hurricane. It was an easy walk to the French Quarter. We enjoyed the nice, oversized guest room which was updated recently. The staff was very accommodating and Shula's restaurant was also top notch! It is great to see the city so active. We will be back to the JW.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>WIRobert
<Content>good location Stayed two nights at the JW Marriott. Location is fine- across Canal St. from the French Quarter, two blocks from the casino, and walking distance from the CBD and Warehouse District. Entrance is on Common St, a block south of Canal, and was hard to get to because of construction in the area. Parking for our car was expensive, $27 a night plus another $3.51 for tax, and there seemed to be no option other than their valet. The public floors of the JW Marriott are very nice, fashionable, immaculate (and non-smoking, even the lobby bar). Our room was generic, the bathroom small and not special. The beds were comfortable and the room was quiet, even though the hotel was almost full. There were small signs of wear and tear- a cracked sink, small stains on the bathroom ceiling, knicks and scratches on the furniture. Considering price of the room ($151 a night plus $22 tax) and the $30 for parking, we have stayed in nicer hotels for the money.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Jeffslaw
<Content>Becoming Our Big Easy Staple My wife and I spent another April weekend at the JW. Last year we had been washed out of our previous April haunts, the Fairmont and Ritz Carlton, so we tried the JW. Location adjacent to the French Quarter was very convenient without the noise and bustle. While fairly quiet last year because of Katrina, the JW worked out fine so we booked it again. We always come for the French Quarter Festival so I booked well in advance and got a good rate on the Marriott website, but keep checking back periodically as the rates often change and you can often rebook at a lower rate which is what I did and ended up with an even better rate. Hotel this year was more active than last, as was the City in general; Canal Street starting to look more like it had pre-Katrina but still with much work to be done. Art museum re-opened which I recommend, especially on a rainy afternoon. Stayed in a nice corner room, as we had last year; quiet and spacious though the bathroom is small but the outside vanity with sink makes that a non-issue. Room was in good order and the bed most comfortable as it was last year. Our request for bathrobes was promptly filled. While the price for internet and unlimited calls spiked up two bucks from last year, a small annoyance, it is a wired service which is faster than wireless so at least their is some bang for a buck grudgingly paid. Hotel is well maintained with a pretty decent exercise room containing five tread mills and several elliptical machines among other equipment, as well as a small outdoor pool. While last year we found our included breakfast to be pretty good, we did not eat in the hotel this year although I noted that the Shula's steak house adjoining the hotel now serves lunch and breakfast. Staff was most pleasant and efficient. We found the JW to be a good value in an above average property. As we will be returning to NOLA next April, I will begin checking the web site to see when it will let me book my next visit to the JW.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>entrad
<Content>Perfectly fine On a whim, booked a 2 night trip to New Orleans over Easter vacation. Generally stay in French Quarter, most recently at W, but they were heavily booked and said that getting adjoining rooms (travelling with kids) unlikely to happen. So, we booked the JW Marriot because we got a good rate, hotel not too full, and had stayed there previously when it was the Meridien.Hotel was fine - rooms generic but pretty well maintained. Beds and linens quite comfortable. Bathrooms small. Concierge about average.The location is good - Canal across from Royal. What you lose in booking this hotel is any feeling of being in New Orleans. At W, at least you are in French Quarter and in a small hotel with typical Quarter courtyard. We have also stayed at Soniat house - very charming and real Quarter architecture.What you gain is a solid, reliable, geographically convenient place to stay for a good price. Hopefully in NOLA you are not hanging out in your hotel room anyway.By the way, major difference to us from pre-Katrina days was the number of closed storefronts. The Quarter certainly does not feel decrepit or dangerous.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MemphisWinelover
<Content>Good stay but very pricey I stayed at the JW March 15-18 for the NCAA tournament. This is normally the team hotel for my University when we travel to NOLA as we are down there alot because of Tulane being in our conference. However, for this weekend it was Florida's team hotel.Check-in was easy as we got in late on that Thursday night. Bell staff was very helpful. Rooms were spacious though the bathrooms are a little on the small side.It is very convenient to the French Quarter.The only problem I have is that they seem to nickel and dime you for everything. The room is already pricey but then you have to tip everyone who brings you everything. And then they want to charge you for each additional person over 2 people when the room will hold 4 people easy. They want to charge $15 for 7 minutes of internet. I don't get it. How do chain hotels like Holiday Inn Express provide it for free and this expensive hotel charges for it?Other than that, it is a very nice hotel and the staff is very helpful. Great location.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>GuamIslander
<Content>Great bed! Stayed here during a realtor convention in November 2006. The room was very comfortable, great bed! Didn't spend too much time in it as there was too much to do on Bourbon Street! Despite the aftermath from Hurricane Katrina, the hotel was in great shape  the staff attentive. The location was convenient for walking to the French Quarter and all the tourist spots. The cable car runs right in front along Canal Street but it wasn't operating at the time, but I'm sure this would have been another added convenience of the location of the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>myoclonicjerk
<Content>Mardi Gras 2007 We had a great time at JW Marriot. The room was large, very clean and with oh-so comfortable beds! The location was perfect - right on the parade route. The staff was friendly and effiecient despite it being the busiest week-end, and the concierge was one of the most helpful I have encountered. We had two small problems; 1) the safe was out of batteries upon arrival - they fixed it sithin 20 minutes, 2) the room service breakfast was very overpriced and of so-so quality. Aside from that, the stay was exceiptional and I'll definitely be back.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bbhouston
<Content>Great stay at the Marriott We spent 2 nites here in early February 2007. Very comfortable room, attentive staff, great location across Canal St. from the French Quarter, easy walk to FQ and casino. Our room had a great view of the Quarter. Didn't eat there, but looks like a nice Shula's steak place in the lobby. Mother's restaurant for downhome breakfast is 5 minute walk. Would certainly return here!  
<Date>Feb 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>boilerhawkjr
<Content>Excellent property Excellent property, extremely friendly staff and maid service was top notch. Anything we needed or desired, the staff made sure they either found it for us or told us how to obtain it. Rooms were very clean and an overabundance of extras were available to us. Don't pass up eating at Don Shula's excellent food and very convenient.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>caroltravels
<Content>Gracious Oasis This was our first visit back to this historic city since the devastating Katrina hit one of our favorite cities in the world. We had heard horror stories about the housekeeping and services in many establishments throughout New Orleans and experienced none of it during our 3-night stay at this property. Both public areas and guest rooms were spotlessly clean, staff was kind, courteous, and efficient, and the room was beautiful. Our only complaint was with the room's lighting. The recessed can light bulb in the entry hall had been replaced with a simple 60-watt light bulb and one of the nightstand lamps was missing an on/off switch. Those minor glitches aside, everything else was perfect. I would highly recommend a visit to New Orleans and a stay at the JW Marriott.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>swellgirl
<Content>Consistent, nice bar We have a corporate rate at the JW Marriott and I look forward to staying there again.The bar is very cute and doesn't feel too much like a hotel bar.The beds are comfortable and the rooms are nice.Absolutely NO issues.The gym is slightly larger than a normal Marriott gym (about 2 guest rooms large rather than 1)  
<Date>Jan 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Shannon9500
<Content>Enjoyed the Marriott I stayed at the JW Marriottt on Canal Street with my mom and sister in January.The hotel is perfectly situated next to the French Quarter, so it was great to be able to simply walk everywhere without getting a cab. It is very clean, the staff was quite friendly and accomodating...for example, our checkout time was extended and we were given a place to store our bags prior to leaving for the airport. The room decor is in New Orleans style with bright colors and the bathrooms have obviously been updated. I would most definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KateTraveler
<Content>Lovely hotel in great location I spent six nights (Dec 9 through 14, 2006) at the JW Marriott in New Orleans. I was attending a weeklong training at the Marriot across the street, but chose the JW because it received a higher rating from tripadvisor. The other Marriot was nice, but was super busy with the training, and I am glad I selected the JW. It seemed a little fancier, though I am certainly not fancy myself! The room was lovely, the bed was heavenly and the staff was always available and helpful. The room was also very quiet. When I go to New Orleans again, I will likely stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>jvshaw
<Content>Loved it! This is the first chain hotel i have had the luxury of staying in (was traveling for work) that had TWO feather comforters one of which was inside a in a soft delicious duvet cover!! There were masses of pillows and it was absolutely the most comfortable bed ever. why can't all hotels dispense with the ubiquitous thread bare blanket and tacky polyester bed cover????????The bathroom was lovely, tub was large and the shampoo and lotion etc was good quality. also incredibly convenient location to explore the French quarter.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TrvlDva
<Content>Wonderful hotel!       Front of hotel on Canal Street  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>tigerlily1
<Content>Loved the JW We recently stayed a week here Oct 13-19 and had a wonderful time. We were here for an anniversary and a birthday. The location is excellent and the beds are heavenly! Because there are so many restaurants to try we only ate breakfast in the hotel, the restaurant Shulas was very attractive and breakfast was quite good.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Black2001GT
<Content>The JW Marriott is Back! The JW is back in all of her charm. This is a very old hotel but she shows her age well. The rooms are refurbished and the beds are very comfortable. The Bathrooms are a bit small. We had a wonderful view of the river from our 36th floor room. By using discount code I24, I received a rate of $99.00 per night, including a lavish breakfast buffet for 2.The JW is in a great location, at the foot of Canal Street. Harrah鈥檚 Casino, the ferry and the French Quarter are all within walking distance. My best friend and I were fortunate enough too had planned a visit to New Orleans at the same time and I had tickets to the Monday Night Saints vs Falcons football game so we decided to make a mini vacation out of the entire weekend. Even though we are New Orleans natives we wanted to stay downtown and take in the city like tourists. During the day we visited our family and spent allot of time in the casino and the French Quarter during the night.The Staff were all great as we were not the most accommodating guest. We stayed out pretty late and usually woke up in just enough time to partake in the delicious breakfast buffet, on 2 occasions, we slept right through breakfast. The concierge was knowledgeable when it came to recommending places to grab a late night bite. The exercise room has free weights, treadmills and elliptical machines. The elliptical machines and treadmills have flat screen TV鈥檚 on them so you could watch the news during your workout. There are also complementary headphones as you enter the exercise room.There are residential parts of the city that are still decimated and the New Orleans economy could really use a boost right now. Take some time during your vacation and visit New Orleans. Downtown, the CBD, the Garden District and the French Quarters are pretty much the same as they were pre-Katrina. Don鈥檛 let the media give you the wrong impression of the state of this great city.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>joeGov
<Content>Ok stay I am a federal employee and had to find a per diem rate and JW had a rate of $103. Pluses: Good location on canal st. with bourbon st. just across the street.Good maid services. Nice bed. Fast elevator. Landry鈥檚 good food, right price. Good weight room; pool small and no view.Minuses:If you are a smoker you鈥檙e placed on the 30th floor.Small bathroom, large shower, bathroom door gets in the way.If your going to the convention center you鈥檒l need a cab ride, it鈥檚 too far to walk you鈥檒l get too sweaty.Suggestions:Empty the mini bar and put your own food and drinks in.Get the internet package and get free phone calls local and LD.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>LSUmom
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here for two nights, May 20-22. I was a little apprehensive, since we have not visited the city since the hurricane and did not know what to expect. The hotel was beautiful and the service impeccable. Possibly the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. Absolutely no complaints; we will be staying here on all of our trips to NOLA.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Service The service at this JW Marriott was awesome. It's apparent that they are short staffed after the hurricanes because we saw the same bellman throughout our whole stay at all different times of the day. But he was the most helpful, attentive and friendly service industry individual I have ever met. Our room was very clean and had all necessary amenities. The only problem we experienced was the difficulty in managing the water temperature in the shower. It was a confusing knob.Overall, one of the best hotels I have ever stayed at.  
<Date>May 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1bob
<Content>Also Uneventful I stayed at this hotel during the Jazz Fest and enjoyed the quiet, refined atmosphere. The staff were polite and everything was in working order. The entrance to the hotel is on Common St, however there's a short passageway that leads to Canal Street so it's convenient to the French Quarter. The bed was very comfortable and adorned with about six decorative pillows in addition to the ones designed for sleeping. All in all, it's a very good place to stay and I will probably return.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Your typical Marriott Lobby looked very nice. It's your basic Marriott--no more, and no less, but the staff was always exceedingly friendly and helpful. Housekeeping left a bit to be desired--some dirty towels left in the room, trash cans not emptied. Also had a few problems with the plumbing--couldn't get cold water from the sink of all things. Worst part about the hotel is its location on Canal Street--some seriously undesireable characters lurking about at all hours of the day.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joninva
<Content>New Orleans is comming back after Katrina I just came back from a two night stay at the JW. The hotel was in perfect shape you would have never know just six months ago that Katrina had been there. My room was very comfortable and clean and everything was in working condition. The only small thing I noticed was they seemed to be short staffed but they always responded to any need you had. If you are going to NO anytime soon I would stay at the JW. When I come back in a few months I will be there again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This hotel was great, the staff was very helpful and kind, rooms were very clean and have plenty of space.The workout room is almost better than my regular gym. It is very close to the French Quarter which is right across the street,i would recomend this hotel to anyone, and would stay there again  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Schradermom
<Content>Good for certain purposes After an exhaustive search and talking to people who've been to NOLA, I settled on this hotel because I was traveling with my 3 kids and wanted something with easy access to the quarter and the riverfront, and something comfortable with a nice pool. The review on here that really made this hotel appeal to me was the one that spoke of this hotel previously being a Le Meridien and having fabulous beds. I love a nice bed in a hotel, and this hotel did not disappoint. The beds are wonderful, and wonderfully made, with a triple sheeted duvet. The hotel just finished a renovation, so everything is clean and new--I wore white socks around the hotel room and they were still white after three days. The things I loved about this hotel:Fabulous bedsFriendly serviceGreat location--across the street from the quarter, just a short walk to the riverfront--easy streetcar access. The things I didn't love:Pool was small and cold, very mildewy smelling workout roomOverall I was happy with this hotel. We were very comfortable, and the service was good. Perhaps the pool was cold because it had been raining, and it continued to rain throughout our stay so we really didn't use it. I liked being able to walk everywhere. The location was great for us. It certainly is a large, convention-type hotel though, so it had a definite corporate feel to it. It didn't have a real New Orleans feel to it, but I didn't really expect it to and for my purposes that was fine. The main reasons I picked this hotel is because of the repeated comments about it being clean and the beds being great, and both were true.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great stay We stayed here with a group of friends for a recent New Orleans getaway. What a great hotel!The location is fabulous (just across Canal Street from the French Quarter, and only a few blocks down Canal to the riverfront area). Every staff member we encountered was friendly and went out of their way to be helpful. The rooms are very nicely furnished.The only complaint I can think of is that the bathrooms are a little small, but very typical of downtown business hotels. But all the good aspects of this property far outweigh that one nit-picky detail.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Say No to JW Marriot-New Orleans I've stayed at Marriots before and had top-notch service, but this was one of my worst hotel experience ever. I left a message for the hotel to allow my sister, who would be arriving from San Francisco 3 hours before I would be checking in, to be able to check-in and get access to my prepaid room. The message was never given. She in turn left a message at the front desk to let me know she was in the hotel restaurant waiting for me. The message was never given. I checked-in and got settled in my room. My sister does not have a cell phone in case you're wondering. I decided to go to the restaurant and eat, but wanted to leave a message at the front desk for when she arrived. I was told a paper message would be thrown away and given the impression that a message would be ineffective. Obviously this JW Marriot has inefficiency issues with messages. The list goes on: a rude and discourteous valet, had to call for housekeeping at 3:30 in the afternoon because the room hadn't been cleaned, had to call for toilet paper, short-circuited iron, short-handed bar staff, took 30 minutes to get my car out of valet at check-out. New Orleans was great, but the stay at this JW made the trip a disappointment.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>1	2	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Whoadie
<Content>JW Marriott is Whoa!! During my arrival for the Bayou Classic weekend in November i was looking at the buliding like its small but when i step in we got our keys and headed up to the 12th floor once we step in the room it was awesome the bed the sofa even the bathroom and a nice view of Canal Street/the beginning of Bourbon St the workers were so friendly and the ice manchine was even in a good location! overall the hotel was awesome being that the regular/orginal Marriott was booked up i thought this once was not like the other one but it prove me wrong, i held a party and it turn out nice! Go Grambling! overall its outstanding! its 2 things that may get you! 1 the location its kinda hard to find the place and plus the parking is crazy! 2 is during special events they may give you a wristband but pretty much after 9pm if you bring someone up to your room if she/he dont have a wristband security may give her/he a hard time. It's worth it. The CarterNew Orleans,LA  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seagarsmoker
<Content>Never again! While at a conference in NO, stayed at JW Marriott for 5 days this past week. Quick note - had a great time in New Orleans! It has been several years since last visit and that won't happen again.The Good:The staff is mostly topnotch and customer oriented.Location - the hotel is on Canal, which is easy for getting around.Quick check-in and check-out.Room furnishings were nice and room was kept very clean.Housekeeping staff was excellent!Room service was quick, but food was average at best.The Bad:The rooms have paper thin walls. Called front desk several times at 3, 4, 5 am to complain about this as I had no chance to sleep. Heard parties in several rooms just walking down the halls 24/7.You'll hear doors opening (loud clunk noise) and closing all day/night.The concierge was always busy and wait time was 15 - 30 minutes. The Verdict:Would not stay here again for free.Thankfully the Sheraton was a 30 second walk for Starbucks and several better choices are within a couple of blocks here for next visit.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Hotel I stayed at the JW during a conference I was attending. My husband came with me. We both found the hotel to be excellent. It is only 2 blocks to the French Quarter, very clean and the staff is excellent. The staff goes out of their way to make your stay fun and comfortable. The hotel itself is beautiful and the elevators are quick. We really enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel I can't say more about this place. The room was fantastic, the service was great, and it's extremely close to all French Quarter and riverfront activities.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel A very nice hotel, close to the french quarter. The staff is excellent, rooms are great, location is fantastic. I stayed for week on business in Oct. 2004. Very good for business travelers. Crawling distance to Bourbon Street. The trolly is right next to the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mich72Florida
<Content>Awesome Place to stay!! Let me just start by saying this is one of the finest hotels in the NO!! The service from the moment you walk in is just WOW!! Ronald our bellman was so helpful and friendly!! We were able to check in 3 hours early and also able to have a late check out. The rooms well they are nice size but let me tell you about the bed OMG!! INCREDIBLE.. I would love to take the bed the pillows and bedding home with me. If you are not sure where to stay in NO LOOK NO FURTHER!!! We will be back.......  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Criticaltraveller
<Content>Help Wanted In The Concierge Lounge The Good:The folks who work here are very customer oriented. The hotel is close to the French Quarter yet pretty quiet. The Bad:Heard the elevator and slamming doors at nightThe concierge lounge ran out of food, plates etc. both at breakfast and in the eveningThe concierge lounge needs more staffThe Verdict:Would stay here again but with slightly lowered expectations  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely loved this hotel We just returned from a weekend trip to NO (our first) and this hotel is the perfect location for first-timers. Very close to Bourbon Street, streetcars, Riverwalk, etc. The hotel itself was beautiful; our room was spacious and very comfortable, and the breakfast buffet was expansive and delicious. The staff could not have been more courteous. We'll definitely stay at this hotel again on our next trip.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Very Pleasant Experience Based on the recommendation of a friend I stayed at the JW Marriott last weekend while visiting the city for the first time with my father. We were treated well from the moment we arrived, as our room was not quite ready and the person at the front desk gave us 2 complimentary drinks at the bar while we waited. The room itself was great. Very spacious, clean and (contrary to what I have read on this site) quiet, with amenities such as a safe to lock up valuables when out of the room and turndown service for the beds. Excellent location as well, only about a 5 minute walk from the Bourbon Street craziness but far enough away to still get a good night's sleep. All in all we had a great experience and I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>JW Marriott was awesome! Can't think of a single negative thing to say! Rooms were immaculate. Down pillows and the most comfortable bed ever. Room service was fast and good... all times of the day/night. Don't remember seeing a pool and didn't use any fitness equipment. Highly recommended! Concierge/bellman were very helpful.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beachsing
<Content>Wonderful, even during Mardi Gras We truly enjoyed our recent stay at the JW Marriott in New Orleans. We were greeted at the door, our luggage whisked to a cart and check in was a breeze. The room was a lovely corner room, overlooking the Mardi Gras parade route.  All the hotels are swamped in New Orleans during Mardi Gras, and the JW never seemed to show a sign of distress. Everything went smoothly - our room service breakfasts were wonderful, the fitness room was terrific and we enjoyed a New Orleans brass band one evening in the bar, until the band and several guests danced out the door in a traditional second line.  If this hotel can perform this well at the busiest time of the year, it must be unbelievable during the rest of the year. Fabulous stay!   
<Date>Feb 11, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I never stay anywhere in N.O. but here! My husband traveled to NO nine months out of the year for work for two years and whenever I would come visit him, which was often, we would stay at Le Meridien (we still call it by its old name). The service is impeccable and the hotel itself is beautiful. Breakfast in your room, although not cheap, is wonderful and well worth it. Sometimes, if you book it at the right time, you can get a pretty good deal if you stay in one of the smaller, yet still very luxurious, rooms. The location is great and all the major sites (excpet the Garden District, of course) are within walking distance. As a repeat visitor, I definitely recommend this hotel. Have fun in the Big Easy!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShirleyTwins
<Content>Impressive Stayed there after a Mississippi paddleboat cruise. Arrived at 8.30am, no problem was shown our room right away. Bell boy arranged a city tour and thereafter remembered our names and always asked if we were ok. Our corner room was more than adequate in size and luxury as one would expect of the JW brand. Hotel was in a good position on Canal Street near to everything that NO has to offer. Nothing was too much trouble as the staff went out of their way to ensure we had a good stay. Would thoroughly recommend this hotel if you dont mind spending that bit extra.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>esheier
<Content>New Year's Eve - Spectacular We spent 2 nights at the JW for New Years eve prior to a cruise. The service was spectacular, Breakfast at the restaraunt downstairs was GREAT! Lovely decorations and great spot. It's why I always stay with Marriott - I know what to expect! Highly reccomended. It is just far enough from the wildness of Bourbon street - but close enough to get there withing a 5 minute walk!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>MIBS98
<Content>Pretty good but.... The JW Marriott is in a good location not far from the heart of the French Quarter. It is in a location that used to be another hotel but has been renovated. Like most of the JW Marriotts it is clean, modern and offers all the amenities one might expect. We found the service to be friendly and enjoyed our stay. Our only complaint was that the walls were rather thin (we could hear the guy in the room next to us speaking in a normal voice on the phone, etc. and am sure he heard our baby screaming at 3am!). This is likely one of the drawbacks of renovating a much older property versus a brand new build.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A sanctuary amongst inferior hotels After a horrific experience at the LaFayette hotel down the street, my coworker and I went back to the familiar comfort of the Marriott. We were greeted by very friendly doormen and someone came and took our luggage that we had to carry up the street in the rain. In fact, they were so nice that when I tripped over a drain cover that was in the parking lot, the doorman immediately went and got a screwdriver and fastened the cover to the ground! The desk workers were equally friendly and put us in a great room. It may not seem like much, but it's the small things that make a stay incredible, and this one definitely was worthy of the marriott name!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service-beautiful room We stayed at the Jw Marriott this past summer--the rooms were great--the beds comfortable. We found the staff to be more than accomodating. We had adjoining rooms--one for us and one for our son and friends. Our room overlooked Canal. Easy walking to the French Quarter. Great bed. Great staff.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location; Great Stay. We just returned from a 3-night stay at the JW Marriott, Nov. 17-20, 2004. I would highly recommend it. The Canal St. location is perfect. It is a short walk to the French Quarter and the Riverwalk. The rooms are nice. Bathrooms are small, but fine. Splurge for breakfast at Brennan's on Royal St. It is superb.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pfeier
<Content>a very good choice in New Orleans Newly renovated and very clean. Marble baths and cozy robes. Down comforters on very comfortable beds. All the little extras one would expect from a top hotel.Good Location just outside the Quarter. Staff very friendly.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Rojomich
<Content>Excellent Location. JWMarriott through Priceline was a deal! It is worth (Almost) paying the full price for this excellent location on the edge of the french quarter. Close enough to stroll through but far enough away when the parties begin in earnest! Loved Mr. B's Sunday Jazz brunch but was very dissappointed with KPauls Lousiana Kitchen - overrated - blackened pork chop was way underdone! Cafe du Monde is worth the breakfast experience, also try Cafe au Lait when you want something more substantial .  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>love the chocolate on the pillow! Definately worth the price!!...bathrobes, chocolates....what a classy place. Renovations with drilling and early am hammering and a closed pool put a damper on things, but the staff was very accomadating. Definately going back next year!! Renovations should be completed.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely Room Lovely room, very attentive staff from front desk to housekeeping to room service. 3 nite stay in mid-July (oh so hot) and truly there simply not enough pool chairs.Yes it looks like the photo of the pool was taken with photographer on his back, but five lounge chairs and six arm chairs isn't enough on a hot Saturday afternoon after touring the city, with no place to sit. Otherwise, room had very comfy beds, lots of towels, room amenities replenished and the room AC works great!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! Everything in the room looked brand new! I was in New Orleans 7/31 until 8/6 and I stayed at the JW Marriott, on the 24th floor, and it looked like all the furnishings inside my room were brand new. Very comfortable king bed with down comforter and down pillows, 25 inch TV, the A/C worked well, good water pressure plus I had a nice view of Canal street and the Mississippi River to the right. The room was always clean, the housekeeping staff friendlyThis was also an excellent location, just blocks away from bourbon street, riverwalk, harrahs casino, and the french market was an 8 to 10 minute walk. One evening we walked to Macy's and that took about 15 minutes. I found the front desk staff to be very friendly, right from the time I checked in to when I asked for information and directions, extra water, and to when I waited for the airport shuttle to pick me up. I also asked for a late check out, 1:30 pm, and they said no problem. I ended up on the elevators with other staff at various times and they were always friendly. I also liked the free bottled water.. nice touch because it was very hot that week and I took water with me every day. I had friends staying in the Sheraton a few buildings down, and my room was nicer or as nice as their room, and I paid a rate of $103.00 per night. The only negative was the very small pool, and a previous poster was correct, I only counted 5 lounge chairs around the pool as well, very shocking for such a nice hotel to have such a small pool. .. but I will say, I only counted 1 or 2 people in the pool at one time when I looked, it was never crowded out there. Nice workout room, and I was able to swim at the pools at another hotel anyways. To sum it up, you cannot beat the location of the JW Marriott, and price if you get a deal... everything in the hotel has been renovated, so everything looks new. I got the distinct impression that the staff was really out to please... if you did have an issue or problem I am sure they would have handled it. I was happy with my stay and I would go back  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We had a great time! Tripadvisor.com is a great help for finding this lovely hotel. There are many choices of hotels around the French Quarter area and it was hard to decide where to stay. Thanks to the great reviews of a few guests on the website, we booked a room for 2 nights at the JW Mariott. What a wonderful hotel! It's very clean and neat. The staffs are very friendly. Best of all, the location of the hotel is perfect! It is close enough to walk to French Quarter and many choices of nice restaurants but yet far away from the craziness of the ethusiastic crowds. Highly recommended!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Luv2travlUSA
<Content>Small pool and poor service For a hotel with 400+ rooms, one might be led to believe they would have more than five lounge chairs by their pool. Not the case. More than 20 people were laying on their towels on concrete next to the pool, which was smaller than the local kiddie pool by the way.It was closed until noon one day, actually ended up being all day for maintenance, but no one ever was up there working on it either. Management could not be reached, front desk didn't know anything about it and neither did maintenace staff.When customers expect to relax by the pool, they get answers immediately, but this was not the case.The rooms were comfortable and construction was minimul from what we could see.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Stay Again!! Beautiful hotel!! CLEAN!!! Great location and good service. Will plan to stay again.....soon :)  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Zerk
<Content>Awesome Hotel! The JW Marriott New Orleans is definitely one of the nicest hotels in New Orleans. The staff is great and the rooms are awesome. The beds are super comfortable too. The hotel is also in an excellent location and walking distance to everything! I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone going to New Orleans. Guarantee I will stay there next time!  
<Date>Jul 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very poor internet customer service!!! We booked our reservation through the Marriott site directly. On that site they promise to beat any competitor's advertised price for their hotel by 25%. Thus, we searched for a better price after booking our reservation. When we found a much better rate, they failed to beat that rate by 25% as they had guaranteed on their website. They claimed it was because we agreed to an added-on breakfast with our original booking, which the internet site did not offer. We asked them to consider the price as it would have been without the $10 breakfast (which was an option - the room was identical!) and they declined, saying that they were not required to do that! We were so upset by their false advertising that it put a damper on our trip!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience! We were a little nervous when we found out that this hotel was under major renovations, but we figured for the awesome priceline price we could deal with it. We were pleasantly surprised at how smooth our stay was. The staff handled the work going on around them wonderfully. We were treated with great hospitatlity by every staff member we came in contact with. The hotel is absolutely beautiful and accommodations are spectacular...love the down pillows and comforters! The location is perfect. We were able to walk to the Aquarium/IMAX, the River Walk, The Louisiana Children's Museum, and to the Quarter. Can't wait to see this hotel when it's complete!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE BEST CHOICE I highly recommend the J.W. Marriott. Everything from the service to the location is perfect. Check-in was fast, the rooms are spacious, the beds are comfortable, and the service was superb. If you decided to stay at J.W. Marriott, you have to try the breakfast buffet at the restaurant. The Omelets and Waffles to order are to die for. I cannot say enough good things about the hotel. Especially our bellmen, Alfred, he went above and beyond the call of duty. If I had to complain about one thing it is that the hotel is still under renovation. I guess I'll have to go back when it's done!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good choice... The JW Marriott was a great option for proximity to the French Quarter- walk across the street and there you are! The staff was cordial and helpful when necessary. I would advise against staying here for at least another month or so- the construction going on here was pretty intense- don't even bother trying to take a little nap between the hours of 8am and 6pm because the sound of drills, hammers, etc. is deafeningly loud and frustrating. If you must go there soon, try for a higher floor room, because anything from 15 down is likely to have not been rennovated yet (as in my case). I would never pay full price for this hotel- Priceline is a true blessing and I got my room at this hotel for an obscenely low rate. Trust Priceline- you can't go wrong!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would NOT stay here again The hotel is going through so many rennovations that it is not worth staying at. We woke up to drilling and hammering every single morning, and when we requested a room change they did not tend to it until 3 days later. By then, we were already checking out the next morning. The staff was totally unaccomodating and looked down on us because we were college students. The experience was horrible, stay somewhere else if you want a quiet and relaxing stay.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious comfort, Perfect location! We stayed at the JW Marriott for Mardi Gras 2004. The lobby, like the rest of the hotel, was extremely clean, attractive, and full of friendly and helpful staff. We arrived early at 9:30 am and were able to check in immediately and go to our room. Our 26th floor room was luxuriously comfortable. The king size bed was covered with two feather-down comforters and a pile of feather pillows. The large corner windows gave us a good view of the city and of the parades that passed on the street below. The sink area was stocked with amenities. The marble-tiled bathroom contained large fluffy towels and an actual bath carpet instead of the usual towel bath mat. There were many little touches made our stay here exceptional such as the nightly turn-down service with chocolates on the pillow, bottled water in the room every day, fluffy white robes to wear, and a newspaper outside our door every morning. The bar/lounge area of the hotel had comfortable seating and a large screen TV. The hotel restaurant has an amazing breakfast buffet.The location of this hotel couldn?t be better. The entrance on Canal Street is close enough walking distance to everything in the French Quarter and along the river. Bourbon Street and Royal Street are a minute walk away. Parades pass right in front of you when you step out of the Canal Street entrance. The noise of the French Quarter is left behind you when you cross the street and enter the hotel. Our room was very quiet at night with the exception of the occasional police siren.Our stay at this hotel perfected our vacation. It was beautiful, quiet, and comfortable. This is where I will be staying on my future visits to New Orleans.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swatts1
<Content>Very lovely hotel   showReview(1649921, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab, Fab, Fab   showReview(1562815, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect!   showReview(1538740, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mimi_linna
<Content>Excellent room, service and location!!   showReview(1532205, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kennythekay
<Content>Loved it!   showReview(1519136, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thumbs up for jw marriott   showReview(1274305, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not worth the money   showReview(821652, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Worth the $$$$   showReview(702300, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Le Meridien - A Beautiful Accomodation in a Great City!   showReview(698034, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Le Meridien turns off power    showReview(496552, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 3, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

