<Author>gargoyle999
<Content>Nice pre-cruise hotel! Stayed here on Thanksgiving and the day after prior to a Princess cruise.Lobby was clean and staff was friendly. They have free indoor parking which was nice. Room was a King bed and was nice, clean, things worked fine. Bed was comfortable. A minor issue was the in wall air conditioner was a bit loud, though it did not keep me from sleeping!We could see the pool area and jacuzzi. It looked nice though we did not use it.It is close to the cruise port and the free shuttle is nice. It is first come first served. It starts at 10:30am, though we were in the lobby at 9:30am and got on when they brought back some passengers who just got off the Sapphire!We wished we would have had more time to explore the area around the hotel but went to Disneyland on our free day before the cruise so did not have time. Head south along the channel and there are a lot of restaurants, we did not know about them until we saw them during sailaway!One thing that bothered us was that we confirmed via phone and email prior to our stay that their restaurant would be open normal hours on Thanksgiving. But when we arrived there was a notice it was closed at 3pm. They did have room service which was ok, not great. But there are a lot of extra charges for room service.Otherwise we enjoyed our stay and would definitely stay there again when sailing from San Pedro.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>BethMD
<Content>Nice Pre-Cruise Hotel Very handy to the ship terminal. Easy walking distance to the waterfront with many restaurants and sights/museums close by. A very helpful concierge. Spotless room. My only complaint: we paid for the upgrade to the executive lounge floor - the website said it was 24 hour access to floor lounge... breakfast, hors douevres served daily. This is not the case - the lounge is open 6 - 10 AM then locked tight until the afternoon happy hour (4 - 8 PM I think it was) Mon - Fri only. So, no breakfast there the Saturday we were there (they did give me breakfast coupons when I went down that AM to complain) and no availability to access the lounge outside of these very restrictive hours - definitely NOT worth the extra money. I would have been very content with the lesser priced rooms as this upgrade feature was of little value. Still, the hotel is very clean with pleasant personnel and easy walking to sights. We would definitely stay here again if cruising from this port but would only reserve the standard room.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>andrewphelps
<Content>Great Pre-Cruise Hotel Hotel has a great location, very near to the San Pedro cruise dock. The hotel room was very nice, with comfortable beds. Good walkable area in the morning for folks from the east coast who are up early. Breakfast in the morning was expensive, but nice enough.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WestcoastguyYVR
<Content>Convenient, but maybe over priced The location for this hotel is great, right by the cruise terminal. Literally a 3-5 minute shuttle ride if that. You could walk it if you had to. There are some restaurants and bars in the area, but nothing too exciting. It is the LA Harbor after all, which is fairly industrial.We booked an Executive Suite with King Bed. It has a separate living area with pull out sofa. The total was $243 USD after all the taxes. I think just a normal room would have run us about $190 USD, and the extra space as good since other friends of ours were staying in the hotel and could come and visit as we waited in the morning to head over to our ship.The bed was comfortable, as all Crowne Plaza beds seem to be.But to be honest, I think it is a bit overpriced. I probably wouldn't stay here again unless I can get a room for $100-125 USD.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	2	3	2	

<Author>swintontraveller
<Content>great value and good location for what we needed       the $1 red car trolley to take you to Ports of call and beyond  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaUnhappy08
<Content>Never Stay Here First we get in our room on a very hot day and the A/C don't work I have to find Housekeeping and ask how to work it, then she dont know so I have to wait until she finds maintenance then finally it gets fixed after a 4 hour drive it seemed like forever.....Then then desk chair breaks knocking my daughter on her head against the wall so I call the front desk and he is rude he never once apologizes or anything I work in the front desk at a hotel and I know that he was very rude about the whole thing. So we are checking out and my husband gets a luggage cart and the bell boy tells him off that he cant use it because if he gets hurt that he can sue the hotel....omg I can't believe it sooooo very bad for business..........  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	3	2	3	1	1	

<Author>time2eat
<Content>If You Have A Problem Here, DON'T Bother Asking For Help If you are so excited about your upcoming cruise that all you need is a bed and working bathroom, you'll likely enjoy this place. If you travel regularly and are used to an efficient front desk staff - promptly greeting you and placing your (working) room key in your hand within 2 minutes of your arrival, bring a folding chair (or cot) as you are likely to find yourself wishing you'd made your reservation ANYWHERE else.Unfortunately, mostly as a result of multiple Priceline reservations, I have stayed at this hotel on multiple occassions and have learned that competent service only occurs by accident. I have asked several front desk staffers what they think the hotel guest expects and NONE of them could offer any response to indicate they know we (guests) are only seeking to get from Point A (the reception desk) to Point B (a room with clean sheets a working bathroom and HBO) as QUICKLY as possible. I have received the wrong room key (someone was already checked in) on two occassions and, one evening I was fortunate enough to return to the front desk twice (with luggage in hand) twice in the SAME night because I was given non-working keys.The last time I checked in, another guest was seeking a working key for his room because his original key didn't work.Before I was checked in, I had to call the Holiday Inn 800# and Priceline customer service. Although I was able to show a confirmed and pre-paid Priceline reservation (complete with printed receipt and confirmation number, the two front desk clerks were unable to provide a room because they claimed The hotel hadn't been paid for my reservation. It took almost three (yes, 3) hours to check me in. (I was told one of the clerks was fired the next day but the problem clearly rests with the franchise owner and the manager.) The manager was unwilling to speak with me when I wanted to discuss the situation the next day. The hotel reluctantly offered me 30,000 points on the Priority rewards program - an amount which barely covers one night at ANOTHER Crown Plaza. It has now been several months since my last (and I hope LAST) stay and they still have not placed the points in my account.The incompetence is consistant - from upper management to the front desk. Enjoy your experience - and the inevitible surprises!!!  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>seamonkey1020
<Content>Restaurant is strictly ' Halal ', religion specific My husband and I booked a room at this hotel on Hotwire, for one night prior to our departure on a cruise. It was an average hotel as far as bed, friendliness, location and all that but a few things in their dining room made it a little disappointing to us. For one, it was not disclosed on any hotel description that the hotel restaurant was 'halal', meaning that it only served food permissable under Islamic law. The food offered was more tailored to those that are familiar with Middle Eastern dishes. Beef bacon at their breakfast buffet instead of the pork bacon we are used to, was not a very tasty substitute, in our opinion. The restaurant does make a good hamburger, so if you are there for lunch this is recommended. Gnats flying all around the dining room, however, helped ruin our dining experience regardless of the restaurant's food quality. If you decide to book a room, here, order delivery from 'Buono's Authentic Pizzeria', instead of dining downstairs. The pizza was delicious and no gnats !  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	2	3	3	5	

<Author>silentbob007
<Content>Mostly pleased with the Crowne Plaza I booked the Crowne Plaza as a pre-cruise hotel that is very close to the LA Harbor where Royal Caribbean ships are berthed. I won the hotel with a $65 bid on Priceline, which seems to be a standard winning price at this property. I called a week ahead of time to see about requesting a room with two beds as I was traveling with my mother, and was told by the reservations person at the hotel that I had a king room and that if I didn't like it, I'd have to take it up with Priceline. Im used to being denied this type of request befroe check-in, but the usual response is that a note will be made on the reservation in case a desired room was available. Not so here, and I felt it was handled a little poorly, but figured I might have better luck upon check-in.We caught an early, direct flight out of Indianapolis to LAX, and with the time change, we actually arrived at 8:30 AM. I had arranged a SuperShuttle to take us to the hotel ($17/pp), and we were dropped off around 10 AM. The lady at the front desk was very helpful and not only gave use a room with two beds, but also let us check in 5 hours early. I appreciated this, and we headed up to our room on the fifth floor. As per usual with a Priceline room, it was located at the end of the hall, but for the savings and the quietness that provides ... who cares? The room itself was very clean, though missing a few things (some of the sleep ammenities promised, a second coffee mug, etc), but we got these from a housekeeper we saw around. I was disappointed though that the wireless internet service was down and that the TV was getting horrible reception. The internet eventually started working ($10/day) and I figured out that I could get a good TV signal if I twisted the cord in back until it came through clearly. We ate lunch at the hotel restaurant and it was fine, though the food was nothing great and the service was pretty slow. The pool is a small outside one, along with a hot tub, and the exercise room consists of a treadmill, an elliptical, a few recumbent bikes, and various weight machines. I was slightly perturbed by the fact that there were no cleaning supplies in they gym as they had obviously run out a while ago and simply had not been replaced.We decided to get out of the room and walk around San Pedro. It was a Sunday afternoon and was very quiet. You can tell there is some neighborhood rejuvenation going on because of all of the places being ripped up and turned into apartments and condos. Within a few blocks of the hotel in each direction it seemed like a nice area, and then after that, buildings started deteriorating. There was a grocery/liquor store east of the hotel a block or two, but it looked a little scary to me. There are also a lot of shops and restaurants the opposite direction along the harbor.Later in the day, we headed towards the harbor and ate at a Mexican restaurant called The Green Onion. Prices were decent and the food was very good, though my mom later thought that the food didn't agree with her. The next morning we went to the Pacific Cafe, across the street from the hotel (exiting through the restaurant door). This was a nice little place that was seemingly run by a single lady, and I was able to get a ham/cheese omelet with two slices of sourdough toast for $3.95. The food was quite decent and the price could not be beat ... I'd definitely recommend this place over a chain like Starbucks (which is just down the block on the same side of the street as the hotel).The Crowne Plaza offered a free shuttle to the port starting at 10:30. We went down at about 10:45, climbed aboard, and were the only ones taken over to the ship. This shuttle picks up from the port, and it will also take people to a local mall and supposedly other places within a 5-mile radius. I asked about being taken to an In-N-Out Burger and was told maybe later that really seemed to be a no even though it was 3 miles away.All-in-all, this was a good stay and I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again for a pre-cruise.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>DiMe2
<Content>Excellent beds I am truly surprised this only gets a three-star rating on my travel sites: it was far better than the Hyatt we went to the following night. In the future I'll stay in San Pedro for any business I have in Long Beach: it costs less and the rooms here are much nicer than those I have seen in LB proper. Really an excellent bed.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dbolt
<Content>THE place to stay before cruise We were going on a 7 night cruise to Mexico from San Pedro and were driving from Northern California. We wanted a place to stay near the dock and that had some kind of parking and shuttle. It did not have to be fancy, but it had to be clean and comfortable and easy. This hotel fit the bill AND MORE.We seriously looked at the Vagabond up the hill from this place but it had mixed reviews and it only seemed to have one-way transport, and it looked less comfortable and in a so-so location. Vagabond was going to be $130 for one night and parking. Crowne Plaza was $189 for room, 2 drinks, full breakfast, indoor parking, and both way shuttle.The people were the friendliest we have seen at a hotel in a long time. They will either valet your car or you can self park in the garage. The shuttle driver, desk clerk and luggage handlers were all super friendly, considering they do a lot of schlepping of luggage with this many cruisers. I think the majority of their business is cruise related. They are ina better neighborhood in San Pedro, which seems to be getting a makeover.The room was very comfy, and they included a little bottle of lavendar room spray, sleep mask and a cd of soothing music. Nothing fancy but a real nice touch. Decor is new and modern with some nice maritime photos. Clean and fresh linens.We ordered room service at 10pm when we got in and it came real fast and was very good. With 2 kids we have gotten to be real experts on room service, and this was on par with the best we have had before. Breakfast was a full buffet with hot and cold food. You get two adult tickets with the $189 park and sail package. Apparently the 10th floor is a concierge floor that has a complimentary snacks and and meals, which is more common on higher-end chains than this one. They shuttled us to the cruise dock which is literaly about 5 blocks away and things went very smoothly on both ends of the cruise. I would definitely stay here again if I was in San Pedro, and this is a no-brainer for night before cruising.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>luvnatur
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We arrived at the Crowne Plaza hotel the evening before our cruise. Upon arrival we were immediately greeted by a nicely dressed gentleman that asked us if we needed help with our luggage. We did need some assistance and a very nice man assisted us happily. The check-in process was quick and simple. The front staff wasn鈥檛 overly friendly; they could use a happy class. The hotel is beautiful, we were very impressed. The room was very nice as well. We had a double bed room that overlooked the pool. The room is decorated with warm colors and beautiful white linens. The bathroom had granite counter tops and was very clean. There was a small bag that contained ear plugs, eye mask and a nice lavender linen spray. The beds were very comfortable. My only complaint is our room was next to the elevator, and oh my it was so noisy. I turned on the air conditioner to mute the sound, and it worked okay. The next day we had no problem getting a free shuttle ride to the pier. It was overall a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>World-Traveller-one
<Content>Ideal for our intended purpose................ Stayed on a Friday night in preparation for a Saturday departure cruise. Party of 4 in one room with hot buffet breakfast (not a gourmet affair but quite adequate) and parking for the duration of the cruise. Room, with two comfortable double beds, was reasonably sized, as was bathroom - both were clean.This is worth consideration for cruise passengers who might need to leave home very, very early in the day for a long drive to make a 4 pm departure. Stay here for the night and start your cruise well rested.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>suzyhBoston
<Content>Decent place to stay before a cruise Do not hesitate to book this hotel before a cruise. Very nice accomidations- clean and comfy bedding. I do enjoy the Crowne Plaza line's attention to a good night sleep (complimentary ear plugs, lavender linen spray and a sleeping mask).The dining was OK- service was slow but the food was decent. My husband had a stir fry entree that was quite good. I ordered a pepper soup which was good as well. If I go back, I would enjoy a meal there again if I stayed at the hotel because...if you are there for anything aother reason, there is NOTHING else to really do in San Pedro. My husband and I walked around the neighborhood in the morning. At times I was scared and would turn my rings around. Not sure if it was all that bad but I was not very comfortable. I would not feel safe heading out at night in the area.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	-1	3	5	

<Author>khillman93
<Content>Great pre-cruise stay in San Pedro We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for one night before a cruise on the Golden Princess in February. We flew in from the East Coast and arrived at the hotel about 9ish pm local time. We used Go Sedan for our transfers and they were wonderful. They met us in baggage claim and took us straight to the bellman at the hotel. Great service! Initially, we requested a non-smoking king room. When I called the day of check in to confirm, they had me down for a smoking double. I again requested non-smoking king. When we checked in, I asked again. They said they had non-smoking but no kings. Then the clerk offered a handicapped non-smoking king which we were happy to take. Check in was very quick and easy. We used Priceline for our room. The desk clerk wasn't super friendly, but was quick, efficient and friendly enough. We checked in at the bell desk and they recommeded some places to eat nearby and provided a map for us. We ended up at the Green Onion, a Mexican restaurant almost right next door. The food and service were great. It was casual and reasonably priced. Perfect for weary travelers! The decor was a little different - almost like a Bennigan's. They had a bar. Our hotel room had a big chair and a desk. We didn't have a great view. The room was very clean, but a little worn. The shower was a little dark with decent water pressure. The bed was very comfortable. The room temperature was good. They even provided a clip to place on the curtains to keep them closed and keep the room dark. My only complaint about the hotel would be the thin walls. There was a very loud, rude family next door to us making ton of noise at 6am. We could hear almost every word they were saying (more like shouting). But you can't really fault the hotel for the behavior of obnoxious people. We didn't call and complain because we were ready to get up anyway. The next morning we went for a walk up 6th street I think - headed away from the port. We walked for a few blocks. At one of the main intersections, caddy corner to a thift store, we found the funky little San Pedro Deli and Cafe. What a great place to eat breakfast. The menu was varied. The service and the food were awesome. It was a great way to start our vacation. Plus it was a great value for the money. They give you a ton of food. I had 4 slices of french toast, 2 eggs and bacon for $4.99. My husband had an omelette, fried potatoes and buscuits and gravy for $7.59. It was much cheaper that eating at the hotel, and it was nice to experience some local flavor. We also passed several other lunch/dinner restaurants as well as a local coffee shop and a Starbucks. We saw a sign for a liquor store, but it looked like it was closed down. We also saw a wine shop, but it wasn't open yet. I did not see a drug store near the hotel but we didn't ask about one either.The hotel had a gift shop, bar, restaurant, pool and hot tub that we did not use.When we checked in, we asked about the port shuttle and they gave us a paper with the information. They provide service to LA port in San Pedro and to Long Beach for Carnival Cruises. Check out was a breeze - we did express check out over the phone. We carried our own luggage down and were on the first shuttle at 10:30. There were only three of us on the shuttle. The ride was only 5-10 minutes tops. They also provide return shuttle service to the hotel, but we didn't use that service. All in all, it was a great place to stay before our cruise. I would highly recommended it for a pre-cruise stay because it is in a great location, the service was good, and the rooms were clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Huebie
<Content>Ok for pre-cruise We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for 2 nights prior to our Diamond Princess Hawaiian cruise on Jan. 17th. The location was terrific for access to the pier, but I wasn't impressed with the hotel. The bell-girl was good and friendly, but the desk staff was totally disinterested in being friendly or conducting any conversation. She just wanted to check us in and get rid of us asap. Our first room was on the 7th floor; I think it was 729. The room was shabby; door frames were chipped and dirty, the furniture was also tired, but the beds were good. We put our luggage down, and then we headed out to see the area. Just before we left I looked into the shower, and it looked ok but then I noticed that there was mildew around the tub. My husband said it was fine, but I wasn't happy and thought about it all afternoon. Also, there was a note on the front desk saying that if you couldn't answer Very Satisfied on every item of the room survey you should let the know right away. When we got back from our day out I went to the desk and said that I certainly couldn't answer Very Satisfied, and I asked if all of the rooms were shabby and had mildew in the bathrooms. That clerk was helpful and was dismayed (??) to learn that the room wasn't good. He moved us to the 10th floor quickly. This room was much better although it didn't have as good a view of the ship coming in which was one of the reasons we booked the Crowne. The important part was that the tub area was spotless. The wood furniture and woodwork were still chipped and tired, but the whole room was more acceptable. Being on the 10th floor there was a reception room where they had afternoon snacks and continental breakfast which was very nice. That room also had a good view of the harbor so we could see the Diamond arriving. I'd recommend the hotel for a pre-cruise, but I wouldn't pick it for a vacation.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	2	-1	-1	

<Author>SC_Sam
<Content>Great for Pre-Cruise We took a taxi from LAX to the Crowne Plaza San Pedro. Our cabbie didn鈥檛 know where the hotel was, but since I had printed out our confirmation information, he was able to call and get the directions. (Moral of the story: always have a printed copy of your hotel reservation confirmation.) When we arrived at the hotel, bellmen took our many bags and followed us up to the rooms after check-in. 2 of our 3 rooms were upgraded to Executive Suite rooms, which was nice. The bedding was incredibly comfortable and the bathtub was huge. After a long day of traveling and the frustration of the ground transportation, DW definitely enjoyed the nice relaxing bath.The bellmen who assisted with checking-in had told us that the hotel鈥檚 shuttle service started at 10:30 in the morning, but if we wanted to be first out, to call for the bellmen about 10:00. We did so, and were on the first shuttle by about 10:15. We arrived at the port by 10:30.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Beth76
<Content>Great for pre-cruise stay This hotel was great! We got it for $65 on priceline. It would have been worth the regular price. We arrived at 11pm and our key cards were already made up. The desk clerk typed our names in the computer and handed us the cards. Fastest check-in ever. The hotel had a very nice, modern decor. The room was very clean and comfortable. The amenity kit included linen spray, a relaxation CD, an eye mask and ear plugs. They also had shampoo and soap etc. The lighting in the room was more ambient than task though. I had to put my make-up on in the bathroom. No big deal though. The free shuttle to the port was very easy and convenient. We only had one small complaint which wasn't the hotel's fault. My husband wanted a snack when we arrived, but the little snack shop was closed when we got there. We were hoping to pick up a little something for breakfast there, but they only had a few snacks--no breakfast foods. It was more of a gift shop than a food store. Again, not a big deal. The restaurant was opened for breakfast but we didn't want to sit down, so we just ate when we got on the ship. I will definitely stay here again if sailing out of San Pedro.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moinhilde
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed in this hotel prior to our cruise leaving Dec. 17th. Check-in was efficient in the very spacious and nicely decorated reception area. We got a room on the 10th floor with access to the concierge lounge which included appetizers, drinks and breakfast for the next morning. The room was large with a partial view towards the water and bridge. The bed was one of the most confortable we have ever had in a hotel room. It came with a Relaxation-CD, lavender linen spray and a mask for a good nights rest. What more could one ask for? Convenient also is the free shuttle bus to the very close cruise terminal . It was well worth the $119.- we payed.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>HomesAtHome
<Content>Total Disaster! The incompetence of the staff was mind-boggling. We finally accepted that if we had any kind of question or need for service, we would need to go down to the front desk to handle it in person, and it almost always took more than one person to handle the simplest request. At a Motel 6, OK - but at a Crowne Plaza?The topper was when I checked out - when they brought my vehicle up from valet parking (which is a separate parking area to which only the bell staff have access), one of the doors had a huge dent in it. That door wouldn't even open. I filed a report with the hotel and waited for a phone call. I returned to the hotel the following week on my way out of town, and was again assured that I would be contacted as soon as the manager was in the next day. This happened over a month ago, and I haven't even had the courtesy of a single phone call.The restaurant staff were helpful, but the hotel staff haven't the first clue about serving a customer. After my stay here, I will never stay in a Crowne Plaza hotel again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>smoovy
<Content>Incompetent Staff at the Crowne Plaza I booked the Crowne Plaza based on reviews that said it was convenient for the cruise terminal, and it was convenient.But the hotel has some problems...primarily the incompetent staff. We arrived from the airport around 10pm, and we were told that there were no rooms available...at 10PM! We were told to wait in the bar and enjoy a complimentary cocktail.When we walked into the bar, we were greeted by a surly bartended who informed us that the bar was closed. (The bar is supposed to be open until 1am according to the in-room materials.) When we told him that we'd been sent there to wait for our room, he agreed to give us a drink. We ordered 2 martinis, and were again rudely told that we could only have beer and wine. So, we had some wine...served with a big frown.After waiting more than 45 minutes, we inquired about our rooms. The manager seemed totally overwhelmed, but he finally managed to find rooms for us...and one room was even a suite to our surprise.The rooms were nice enough. Nothing special...and in the morning, we were just across the street from our cruise ship. The complimentary shuttle service to the cruise terminal was well organized and efficient if you have luggage.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>seacoasters
<Content>Relaxing, ideal pre-cruise hotel This hotel was the first stop in our around the world trip to celebrate a special wedding anniversary and it got the trip off to a flying start. We chose the hotel because of the favourable reviews, variety of local eating places, proximity to the port - from which we were to depart on a cruise, and the free shuttle services offered to a large shopping mall and the port.The StaffAll the staff we encountered were friendly and helpful particularly the concierge staff who had advice on things to do and places to eat locally, which added to the flavour of our stay.The HotelOn arrival the foyer was largish, light, well furnished and gave the impression of comfort and made us feel like we would enjoy our stay. There is a small shop selling snacks, drink - including milk, suntan lotion and other items at reasonable prices. The lifts were of reasonable size and opened onto wide, well lit and clean corridor to our room.The first impression of our room was large, tasteful d茅cor, clean and comfortable. Two large double beds, two arm chairs, foot stall, desk and TV etc. The bathroom was also clean and well presented. Two gripes. The first being that there were only one creamer and sugar by the coffee maker. Second, the air-conditioning didn't sound too bad during the day, but was a bit noisy at night. A fridge would have been nice, but there is an ice bucket and we found an ice machine on one of the floors.Although the hotel is situated on the corner of two side roads there is little traffic and we heard no noise in our room.We used the hotel restaurant only once and found the food reasonable and the prices moderate to high. We were not impressed with the service however. There is a pleasant outside area next to the restaurant with tables, chairs and umbrellas where you can sit for a meal or take drinks from the bar.The gated pool and surrounding area, which included a jacuzzi, loungers, tables with umbrellas and chairs, are clean and well presented. Although this area is situated next to a road, the pool area is higher than the road, which is unnoticeable, and we didn't notice any disturbing noise. There are also fresh towels proved in a container by the pool. A pleasant area to lounge and enjoy the weather or read a book. If you are going to the pool remember to take your room card, as you will need this to gain access. The hotel free shuttle to the port of LA is about a twenty minute ride away so is great value.Would definitely stay here again.The surrounding areaThere are a number of eating places within a block or two ranging from snack bars to small restaurants at reasonable prices. Further afield, near the water, there are sea food bars and more restaurants. However, some of these are a mile or so away, so you may want to take a car or bus. There is a bus stop across the road from the hotel and I thought I saw a bus go from there down towards the water and the sea food bars. Ask the concierge I'm sure he would know.Shopping in the immediate area is virtually non-existent so take the hotel shuttle to the mall.We felt safe walking the area during the day but did not go out after dark so cannot comment. We discovered a film being made a block from the hotel and spent a pleasant hour watching take after take. The film was going to be part animated so watching actors reacting to something that wasn't there was quite hilarious.Los Angeles Airport to Crowne PlazaWe read somewhere that the journey from LAX to The Crowne Plaza should take about 45 minutes, but at certain times of the day, rush hour for example, the journey can take up to two hours. So with this in mind we pre-booked a car with Prime Time to meet us at LAX. The cost is not much more than a taxi (based on a 45 minute journey time) and included the tip. We were two hours late getting into LAX and also had to wait some time for our bags, so were a bit worried about the meet. However, our fears were dashed when we arrived out in the concourse to see our name being displayed by the driver - brilliant!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tom43302
<Content>Crown was just fine! The Crown Plaza was very nice! It was perfect for an overnight stay before our cruise. We had no problems and they did not change for parking!! I would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>camphi
<Content>Ideal for a pre-cruise stay Very good bed and large room. Restaurant was closed for refection but some good restaurants (Grinder ok) at a walking distance (hotel provides a list). Hotel  service was excellent, with a free shuttle to the very close pier of cruises. Will definitively stay there again.... Philippe, Belgium, French speaking.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>tweek
<Content>awesome hotel This hotel has the best beds I have ever sleeped in.. wow, they are awesome with the pillows and down comforter.. we had a suite that over looked the pier where the ships came in.. had dinner downstairs in the restaurant which was only okay.. expensive and not very good.. but the hotel  service was excellent.. will definately stay again if we ever go back out to LA  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>darcb
<Content>Very Nice! Nice bedding and sleep package. Good sized room. Dining room has poor service and not so good food.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thetravelbug101
<Content>Great Place to stay We stayed two nights before a cruise. The location was perfect. We enjoyed the local sights within walking distance eg Ports-a-call, the Maritime museum and restaurants. I have sleep issues. I WANT that bed. Wow, the best sleep I've had in years. I was even able to take a 3 hour power nap. lol. The food and bar served their purpose, the pool and view were okay. The restaurant one block up that the bellman recommended is really worth writing about. Pappadokas...of football fame. It is an old family owned greek place. The owner (the father of the football giants) is a smooth character full of charm. He was half the fun. The food was fabulous. The entertainment even better. The owner and one of the waiters started dancing, the music was great. The belly dancer part was a little tasteless, but she was very pretty. The former manager of the Dodgers was there, another family celebrating grandpa's 97th birthday, a USC student celebrating the running of her first marathon. It's was a lot of fun. I will go back to the Crowne to sleep in that bed and eat at that restaurant. Wow!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LesMary
<Content>Great hotel for quiet precruise stay. We stayed at this hotel 4 nights, 27,28,29, 30 August 2007, prior to leaving on Regal Princess Cruise. We had just left Peru a bit shook up having been there during the earthquakes mid month.Arrival:We arrived at the hotel about 9am from LAX and found staff very friendly and helpful, they had our room ready by 11am, great.Room:Room was on 10th floor, good views, spacious, very comfortable beds. Quiet hotel as well.Hotel amenities: Great pool and gym, restaurant good, good buffett breakfast hot and cold for $9. Had dinner everynight in the hotel restaurant, good value, service and big meals.On the Thursday night 30 Aug, hotel did their usual San Pedro Harbour Cruise, for hotel guests, drinks and snacks, very nice.Transport::Hotel did free shuttle the short distance to Cruise Terminal, they had 2 buses doing that, great.Overall a nice hotel in a quiet area of San Pedro, which is quiet anyway. Highly recommended for a few days precruise stay.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UnhappyBrideNd
<Content>Horrible Customer Service The hotel looks very nice from the inside out. We were to stay at the hotel from a Thurs night until Mon morning the following week when we were to get on a cruise to get married. On our second day at the hotel, we left the room to go get lunch. As we walked out of the room, the housekeeper was cleaning the room next to ours, so we put our sign on the door to clean our room. We shut the door and I smiled at the housekeeper as we left. When we returned back to our room 3 1/2 hours later, the housekeeper had cleaned the room. However, all of our luggage had been gone through....there were things on the floor from our suitcases that weren't out of the suitcase before we left. Our laptop was stolen and so was a folder that contained all of our documents needed to get married and get on the cruise...to include our birth certificates of mine and my husbands and my 5-yr old daughters. We immediately contacted the manger and filed a report with the hotel and the LA Police Dept. It has now been a week and a half and we still have not been able to track down who took our stuff. The security that works at the hotel has not looked at the security tapes and they refuse to give me the name of the housekeeper who cleaned our room. To make matters worse, the manager of the hotel gave us a bucket of 6 beers and a free dinner at their restaraunt since it was the least we can do. Come to find out, the housekeeper didn't speak English and had just started at the hotel. So, a case of stolen identity? I think so. Horrible customer service at this hotel. They don't take in account the huge impact this will have on our lives with us not knowing whether or not someone is using our names and worse, our social security numbers for their own personal gain. I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>abbyndrewmom
<Content>great pre cruise hotel We had a very nice stay here for 2 nights before our Royal Caribbean cruise. We were upgraded to a suite which was very nice. The room was very comfortable, the bedroom had a king bed and there was a pull out couch in the sitting area.  Parking was very convenient in an underground garage right under the hotel. Pool area is clean with lots of fresh towels available. the staff was proffesional and easy to deal.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lrishblueyes
<Content>Comfortable stay at the Crowne Plaza Stayed here 4 nights in July. Hotel in general was very clean, room was big  airy with a pool view (we were on the 5th floor), and the staff were very helpful. Bathroom was also huge  the shower was great! Pool was excellent  very clean. We had intended to hire a car while here, but as none of us brought our licence (our faults!) we found that there wasn't much to do locally, so were constantly hiring taxis to and from Long Beach, as the bar in the hotel was very quiet. If I ever had business in San Pedro, I would definately stay here again. The hotel arranges excursions to Hollywood/ Universal Studios/ Shopping Malls etc. which is cool, and while we stayed there, they put on a complimentary cruise around Long Beach Harbour, including cocktails for it's patrons! Amazing!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MmePoppy
<Content>Comfortable stay in San Pedro We were in town for a wedding and booked here because other wedding guests were booked there. We were bumped up to a suite when we arrived - a very pleasant surprise, given we were there on a AAA rate. The room furnishings were plain but the bed linens were stylish and attractive with an abundance of decorative pillows. The bathroom was small but spiffy, with a large tub. We had dinner in the restaurant where a new menu was in the works. One of us had spaghetti and meatballs, the other a delicious Malaysian specialty called Mee Goreng - what a mix of nationalities! The breakfast buffet was just ok, but I liked the inclusion of a spicy Asian noodle dish. The hotel pool was very attractive with nice deck furnishings and a well-kept appearance. The lobby had a design board showing new furnishings planned for an upcoming redesign of the lobby. Overall, it felt like a place that was being well cared-for. Service at the desk and in the restaurant was uneven but generally friendly. The unsmiling manager seemed to be everywhere, checking up on everything. He should have smiled at his guests, though! Our wifi internet connection worked properly. The view of the hard-working harbor was interesting. Air conditioning worked perfectly.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>SmilingBlueSkies
<Content>Many Pros, Some Cons The staff was very friendly and attentive to our needs. We noticed that the a/c was not working in our room and someone was immediately sent up to take a look at it. The man said he fixed it, but the temperature in the room did not change all night. We decided that we couldn't take it anymore so we called the front desk. They said the maintenance people had gone home for the day, but they could offer us a new room. We jumped at the chance, because we just wanted to sleep comfortably!We got our new keys and found our new room. Much to our surprise, it was one of the suite rooms at the end of the hall with a sitting area, two tvs, a king size bed, and many windows looking out to the pier. We couldn't believe we got this room for the price of our double room!!!Both rooms were spacious, clean, and very modern looking. We did the buffet breakfast one morning and it wasn't too bad. The beds are SO comfortable! I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>JA/IRBolton
<Content>Great Location for Cruises This hotel is in a fantastic location if you are taking a cruise out of Lax port. We stayed on the Club floor in the new updated room. Bed and room was excellent could not fault.Breakfast was ok but nothing special. This will be a great hotel once all the work to update the hotel is complete. Free transfer shuttle to the port work very well and staff member very friendly.We would use again!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coggly
<Content>Nice place to stay We stayed here the night before our cruise. While being more expensive than some other hotels around, it was worth it. The hotel itself was very nice. The staff was helpful and always had a smile. We tried the room service for dinner, it was very good. The shuttle to the cruise terminal worked out great. I would recommend this hotel to anyone staying in San Pedro.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mississauga4
<Content>Enjoyable Stay at the Crowne Plaza We stayed at the Crowne Plaza for one night before our cruise and took the free shuttle the next day. Pros:Staff were all efficient and friendly.Location was extremely convenient for cruising out of San Pedro.Free shuttle service to/from pier.Immaculate room in excellent condition.Comfy bed.Quiet area. Restaurants within walking distance.Windows that open.Cons:Pool  hot tub were closed due to renovations.Not located in a particularly interesting area. Not much to see or do.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>HWAYMI
<Content>Convenient  Stayed for 2 nights pre-cruise. They make it so convenient--super shuttle service to  from pier and can leave car in secure, valet lot which is included in the Park  Cruise price. Room was spacious, clean  modern. Downside was remodeling not finished so pool was not open and hotel bar is closed. Otherwise, highly recommend  will always stay there pre or post cruise in LA. Staff were friendly and very helpful with directions, any needs we expressed.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>nurseamy99
<Content>Great for pre-cruise stay We stayed at the hotel a couple of times prior to crusing out of San Pedro. They have great packages Park  Sail (if you drive they will keep your car for the week and transport you to  from the cruise termminal) and the Fly  Sail (they transport to  from the airport  to the cruise terminal) We have done both and that included breakfast in the morning. When we priced transportation  parking this was an exceptionaly good deal. The hotel itself is not outstanding but nice. The rooms are spacious and they were clean. I have recommended this hotel to many friends  family members prior to crusing. We are booked again this fall.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>TANMAN10
<Content>Best Pre Cruise hotel In San Pedro 8th floor room was clean with lavender spray for pillows...cd for sleeping...eyeshades and earplugs are provided but unnecessary we used them on ship actually...i got up early to video our ship 'diamond princess' arriving in san pedro..go see it here... http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tXK37DF1-CQbreakfast was good in hotel and prior nights dinner was good at acapulco restaurant in nearby ports of call...all in all very good way to prepare for a cruise!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bilashk
<Content>Loved It I received service far and above that of most hotels I've stayed in.Upon arriving I had mentioned that I was in need of a battery for my camera. The concierge over heard this and proceeded to drive my wife and I to the nearest electronic store and waited for us as I made my purchase. I asked the young lady at the front desk if I could have a room with a view of the ships. My wife and I were placed in a beautiful corner suite where I watched the cruise ships come in and out of port. The staff had tremendous knowledge of the area and did what ever they could to make our stay enjoyable. My stay at this Crowne Plaza Property allowed my holiday to get off to a wonderful start. Their biggest asset is the the staff at this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>fyi-er
<Content>just an f.y.i. some reviews allude to the placement of a black arrow on the ceiling of the suites. this would be for the muslim guests of the hotel. it illustrates the direction in which practicing muslims are to face for their prayers. there are arrangements with a malaysian airline for their flight crews, who are presumably muslim, to stay there. also the owners of the hotel are muslim. other guests noted that they had never seen beef bacon served in a hotel restaurant. the hotel kitchen is halal and no pork of any kind is served. as for the, by turns, exceedingly nice and outrageously rude desk staff, that would be about par for the course. the Sheraton name is what drew me in initially, only not as a guest. I used to work there.....and was appalled anew at least every couple of days. hopefully they've updated they're staff as well.p.s. that 2 out of 5 is with a definite caveat.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IRB33785
<Content>Excellent Pre or Post cruise hotel Wonderful location close to the pier. Easy walking distance to several restaurants. Room was very clean and large. The shuttle was only available for the trip to the pier so we used the commuter bus for our visit to Long Beach. The concierge was wonderful and very knowledgeable. Our room overlooked the pool and waterway and we saw a ship leave which was nice. The coffee was expensive and in room was single pods but the last morning we found a coffee shop across the street which was great. I would stay there again because of the cleanliness and convenience.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>Mich_12345
<Content>Mixed experience This hotel is now called the Crowne Plaza Los Angeles HarborHotel. I stayed there on a recent weekend for a total or two nights. The hotel has a very nice lobby and the room I stayed in was nicely renovated. However, I had one problem with the hotel (hence the three star-rating). The hotel prominently advertises a guaranteed wake up call or your night is free -- this policy appears on a card in every guest room. On the last night of my stay, I asked for a wake up call for the next morning.20 minutes after the time that I was supposed to get my wake-up, no call had been received. I called and notified the front desk of the missing wake-up call. They said they would look into it. When I checked out a couple of hours later, I asked to receive a refund for one night's stay. They adamantly refused to honor their policy. They suggested that there may have been a problem with my phone line, or that I had not actually requested the wake-up call. The desk clerk said they could offer me a complimentary breakfast only, but I had already had breakfast and I was leaving town at that time. I don't think the hotel should advertise a policy that they are not willing to honor.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhuntmil
<Content>Lots of Room for Improvement I stayed at the Los Angeles Harbor hotel along with about 20 of my relatives to attend the wedding of my cousin. There is without a doubt, alot of room for improvement here. If the facility was cleaned, it would be beautiful. Realizing this hotel is in the process of converting to a Crowne Plaza, I tried to remain optomistic the 4 nights I stayed there. However, Our entire party did not have hot water the entire stay. When calling to report this to management, I was told each time I will get back to you as to what is wrong only they never got back to me. Believe me, cold showers are NO FUN. Upon checking out I asked for some sort of discount due to no hot water, and was told we cannot give discounts to everyone. After further discussion they discounted 2 nights by 10.00. The food in the restaurant was average at best, I ate breakfast there all 4 days. The bright spots here were an exceptional concierge, and one waitress who went above and beyond to try to make up for her kitchen's short comings. Hopefully the Crowne Plaza chain will help improve this hotel, as it greatly needs it.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>candt
<Content>Very happy After a long 11 hour flight from the UK we stayed here prior to boarding our cruise(hotel included) the next day. After reading some of the reviews on here I was very apprehensive,however we found the hotel to be perfect for our needs. The room was extremely spacious and well decorated and furnished. The bed was very large and comfortable and could have slept 4 !!! The bathroom was adequate and very clean. We had a great view from our room and on the Sunday morning we were able to see our ship.There was a Mexican wedding taking place in the hotel and in the early hours, for a short time, there was a lot of noise and commotion in the corridor outside our room from guests staying overnight. To be honest we were so tired we heard it and just fell asleep again.To be fair the hotel cant be blamed for that and Im sure they sorted it out anyway. Breakfast next morning was well cooked and plentiful. This wasnt included in our deal so we paid $14 each, I think, which was very reasonable. In the UK we have paid 拢14 in some hotels. Reception were extremely helpful and pleasant. Our cases were collected from our room on the morning of our embarkation and we didnt see them again until they were put outside of our cabin. We were taken to the ship via a bus from the hotel and communication re the arrangements for this were very good. . We were warned however to be careful if we ventured out at night as it wasnt the best of areas to be walking around. All in all it was a pleasant stay even if it was only one night...we would certainly use it again if we were cruising from San Pedro.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>dmatsum
<Content>Overpriced for what you get We booked the Park and Sail package for one night at this hotel prior to a cruise. I had originally booked a club level room because of the hors d'oeuvres, lounge, etc.When we arrived at the hotel, I was told that they were all out of the club level rooms and that they were going to upgrade us. Wahooo! An upgrade!Wrong! The room they gave us looked like a 1970's dump. There were 2 very old TVs. Only one of them worked (barely) because the cable to the other one had been cut. There were bare wires coming out of one of the outlets. Wallpaper was peeling off of the walls and carpets were stained.It was funny though, because some things seemed very new. The towels were new and very soft, and the bed seemed to be new even though the blankets looked very old!In the morning we had the buffet breakfast. It was more like a continental breakfast. There wasn't much selection.It was very deceptive because the lobby looks amazing, but the rooms are horrible! When I heard that they were going to become a Crown Plaza this spring, I figured most of the remodeling would be done. I hope they are just getting started. I find it hard to believe that our room was one of the newly remodeled ones. Not worth the $200/night that the hotel charged. We will not be staying here again.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Sparky2Sacramento
<Content>a very nice and Friendly Hotel We stayed at the Crown Plaza, Formally Los Angeles Harbor Hotel in February 2006, via the Park and Ride plan, It was refurbished and is beautiful. Service was excellant and very helpful, unfortunatly they didnot have a wheelchair van to Cruise but got us one and we were very pleased with them. Meals are a little costly, area is not the best, but the Hotel is.John  Linda of Sacramento  
<Date>Mar 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LaRee1L
<Content>Not Bad We booked this hotel mainly for the convenience of the park and cruise feature offered. After reading some of the reviews here I was a bit apprehensive, but found the hotel to be a good bargain for the price. I don't know what people expect in a moderate priced room, but we found the room to be very nice - and comfortable. The room was clean and the beds comfortble - my two requirements. The complimentary breakfast buffet was very good and had a great selection. The shuttle to the ship was very timely in both taking us over to the ship and picking us up when we returned. I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BBBunny25
<Content>Not As Bad As the Review We had booked our stay in advance of reading the TripAdvisor reviews. I was braced for a Bates Motel experience from the write ups. Pleased to say we were content with the hotel in all aspects. Flat out thrilled in some aspects.The lobby, elevators, gift shop, etc. were all clean. Parking was great beneath the hotel. Staff were friendly and helpful and treated our children very well. The pool was delightfully clean and well-stocked with towels. You can see the remnants of the Sheraton name here and there, but it's not overpowering. Our room was very clean and well maintained with two double beds; no problem accomodating our family of 4. There was an arrow made of black tape pointing to a spot in the corner of the ceiling, probably some repair that had to be or had been made, but it was not disconcerting. Cable television had a respectable array of offerings. Room service was prompt and impressive (30 minutes or less or your order is free!), delivered in about 20 minutes. Our family enjoyed our stay immensely and would do it again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning! The hotel no longer bears the Sheraton name. Apparently the new owners have not yet remodeled it either. The food as in other reviews is below average. We did the park and sail and we returned to find our vehicle had been broken into and we lost about $250.00 in stuff. The hotel is not making good on the loss even though it appears that the valet staff did the deed. I would consider other hotels that are nearby.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware!!! We stayed here for the Fly and Sail package. It was not worth it at all. The hotel appears all right, but the rooms are old. The only option for sleeping was 2 doubles or a king. I can't remember the last time we slept in a double and it was not enough room for either couple. Horrible nights sleep. And the buffet the next morning was a joke! It was a glorified continental breakfast with horrible food. We had never seen beef bacon before, that was a new experience. The shuttle service was equally horrible. They use PrimeTime Shuttle service and when I called to make the reservation to go from the airport to the hotel they were very rude. When we disembarked from the cruise, there were not PrimeTime shuttles anywhere. After 10 minutes one did arrive, but after we were loaded in the van and on our way to the airport the dispatcher told him he had to go to LAX and drop us back off at the cruise terminal. We could not believe it. He actually turned around and dropped us back off where we had to wait another 20 minutes for a different shuttle.All around terrible experience. You were warned...  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect start for a cruise I stayed in the hotel for one night in April 2005 prior to my cruise. Apparently the hotel had been rennovated in spring 2005 as I found the whole place in a very good condition. My room on the executive floor (10th) was spacious, clean and overlooking the harbour entrance. Staff (reception and executive lounge) was very friendly and helpful, complimentary breakfast did include much more than the usual danish and coffee. Courtesy shuttle to the cruise terminal is provided on a frequent basis (it's only one mile away and within walking distance but the route is not really pleasant). I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Ukiahdds
<Content>A great place to stay before a cruise We stayed at the Sheraton for only one night (Feb. 25, 2005) before our cruise. The hotel is very convenient to the terminal and the shuttle service was excellent. The hotel was clean, and the staff was very nice. The restaurant needs a little work. The rooms are a bit old and could be noisy if someone was having a party next door, but all in all, a great value for the money.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MirandaTravel
<Content>Awful   showReview(3266998, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed it   showReview(3234345, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>SlickAgent
<Content>In need of a fix   showReview(2976405, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>dteitsman
<Content>Good Value For The Money For a Pre-Cruise Hotel   showReview(2966230, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lambdachi6
<Content>Shabby - not Chic   showReview(2835955, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sheraton Los Angeles Harbor Hotel   showReview(2830517, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>TERRIBLE PLACE   showReview(2823922, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Worth It   showReview(2618519, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Virgo911
<Content>Tolerable for a short stay only   showReview(1757400, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LocustPointBaltimore
<Content>Hotel is fine for a short stay.   showReview(1750929, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈偗銈汇偣銇屼究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19914640, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>yavecahard
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(12341079, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	3	3	5	

