<Author>gemini50
<Content>taste of elegance this was a post nite after our azamara southeast asia cruise; the only glitch was checking in and finding out that amex had denied the fine resorts pkg since i had booked it so far in advance; with the patience of the front desk, it was finally resolved ( i'm sure i could have gotten a cheaper rate if i didnt book it w amex). The room, the amenities and the staff were first rate. I used the services of the concierge , they were outstanding in obtaining restaurant reservations and confirmation of my return flt home. we used their car service to the airport and were greeted by staff members of the hotel at the airport to assist in unloading our luggage and guiding us to the check in counter, they did not leave until our boading passes were issued. Now........where in the world does one receive such personalized srvice?? I forgot to also mention that dining in the hotel and even shopping at one of their fine stores elicted the same consistent courteous service. although priced at the high end, i would conclude to say it was worth every penny..  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fishy73
<Content>Best hotel we've ever stayed at We stayed at the MO over Christmas 2008 for the first leg of our honeymoon, and were blown away by the design, location and service in this hotel. Our room overlooked the harbour and Kowloon, and we were particularly impressed with the bathroom and with the general oriental decor. We also rather over-enjoyed the cocktails in the bar on the top floor! Service every where in the hotel was attentive but never intrusive, and everyone was happy to help - particularly the concierge, who gave us lots of recommendations for trips.We knew once we left here it would be downhill on the hotel front!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BENLEE123
<Content>Still not quite there yet       View from the Room  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>DCFrequentFlier
<Content>another great hong kong hotel Great room. Great service. Great experience. This Mandarin is well-located. The hotel has several great restaurants as well as a Cake shop where you can get tea, coffees and desserts. The room is wonderful, perfectly designed for a business traveler with an area with a desk and love seat sized chair that can be curtained off. Enormous flat screen tv with the usual number of options. Excellent room lighting choices that you can control from the side of your enormous bed. The bathroom is fantastic with a large soaking tub, television and the best hotel shower I've experienced and I have experience plenty.Room service is pricey but very quick. The food is respectable and there are many options. The staff is willing to do whatever it can to make you happy.The hotel is not opulent like the Four Seasons and it does not seem to have the Four Seasons breathtaking harbor view. If you stay there, make sure you ask to be on the 7th floor or higher if you are facing the harbor. You can pick up traffic noise if you are too low. The corner rooms are the most spacious.. so ask for one of those.I love the Four Seasons for its view and its spectacular club floor, but I loved the layout of the Mandarin's rooms, the excellent bathroom (and shower) and the devoted service. It's smaller but that makes it easier to access.Enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Ferdi08
<Content>Fabulous luxurious hotel right in the heart of the financial district One of the nicest hotels we have stayed in. Service was excellent right from the time the doorman allowed us out of the limo. This hotel has a really good Captains Bar off the lobby in the hotel My husband particularly enjoyed his pint of Guinness in the silver tankard - there was a real buzz in the place with many local business men dropping in for a drink. Lots of very upper class Englishmen seem to favour this bar ! We got an upgrade to the 19th floor which overlooked the city and had views of the harbour - absolutely stunning and well worth the extra money. The bathroom was particularly nice and the bed was extremely comfy with nice bed linen. The hotel also boasts a wonderful spa with swimming pool - excellent. We dined in the Chinese restaurant on the top floor and had a cocktail or two in their very stylish M bar before dinner. You can access all the designer shops from the skywalk and need never have to go outside ! Great location right in the heart of everything. This hotel has been refurbished recently and is really worth a visit.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AECGC
<Content>Fantastic quality and service in everything My husband, who is hard to please, thought this was possibly the best hotel he had ever stayed in.The lobby is pretty typical posh hotel of the low, dark and shiny variety. And the suite (with great views) was perhaps what one would expect - though if it didn't immediately overwhelm, neither did it disappoint.But from there, things just got better. The service was absolutely immaculate - and the quality was not only superb, but consistent. Loved the black silk 'loungey' dressing gowns as well as the usual bathroom towelling ones. The design of everything - from the red slippers to the shoe horn was fantastic. Everything worked perfectly and had clearly been thought through - computer set ups with every kind of (neatly labelled and bagged) lead provided, super comfy beds and linen with huge choice of pillows ... as many Hermes bathroom bits as you could possibly use, topped up every time we left the room,... decent range of satellite channels on huge flat screen tvs... shoe shine service that left even 'comfy shoes' gleaming only minutes after they were left out. We looked at and decided against the obviously popular with the locals brunch area - but the cafe and adjoining chocolate/cake/savouries shop were fantastic. Porridge was brilliant as were tarts and quiches. The Cantonese restaurant on the top floor was high quality with a great wine list. And the Shangai pedicure speciality is not to be missed. The concierge desk were brilliant - and the location is really central (and straight into the malls when it rains).Had it been hotter we may have missed an outdoor swimming pool. But we were genuinely sad to move on after our 4 day stay. (Though we did purchase the silk dressing gowns!) Many thanks for a hotel that consistently exceeded service expectation.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FozzyCannock
<Content>Incredible service and attention to detail We had booked to stay for one week at the Mandarin as a special holiday, a treat for our Silver Wedding Anniversary. Having booked with Virgin Holidays we had tried to double check every detail, we arrived at HK airport and found no transfer vehicle, as allocated in Virgin's documents, available and no answer from Virgin's office or emergency contact numbers. Having emptied all my pay-as-you-go phone credit attempting to sort the situation out, we noticed that the Mandarin have a desk at the airport and they kindly arranged our transport free of charge. When we arrived at the Hotel to finally check in, we found Virgin had also not booked our 7 night stay! The Hotel responded wonderfully, booking us into a room and then taking copies of all documentation so they could contact Virgin direct. The next day we were advised that the situation had been resolved, we were upgraded to a Harbour View room, the hotel staff moved all our belongings ensuring everything went in exactly the right location. The room was amazing, every detail was catered for: incredibly flexible lighting and multi-media options, an amazing bathroom, room cleaned twice daily plus turn-back service, fresh fruit, newspaper (discreetly delivered into a special compartment to avoid disturbing us), comprehensive stationery and toiletries, even a box of leads to allow us to connect any appliance to the Denon amplifier and TV connections. The service we received was perfect, attentiive but not intimidating or ingratiating, no cues for tips, and a genuine warmth although I am certain we were far from the wealthiest or most influential guests present! Having had a far from auspicous start to our much longed for holiday the Mandarin did everything possible to make our stay enjoyable. Buffet Breakfast was wonderful, room service meals were good value and delivered and cleared away with efficiency, the room was serviced and cleaned to an exemplory standard. Our view across the lights of the harbour was breathtaking. We will never forget this exhilarating and vibrant city and culture, and we will certainly never forget the standard of service and comfort that the Mandarin provided.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chapperette
<Content>Mandarin perfection       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ysouk
<Content>Excellent Stay Stayed for a few nights in a Harbour View Premier Room and it was definitely one of the best room I ever stayed in.Room was immaculately clean, spacious and the view from the room was excellent. Each side of the bed has a remote to control the mood lighting systems. The bathroom was amazing and the bath tub was huge. There is even a TV in bathroom! The hotel provides Hermes toiletries which was excellent. The hotel is also generous with the bottled water and have it placed everywhere.I also like the fact that the room has a separate cabinet for them to insert the mails, newspapers and toiletries without disturbing you.I am also pretty impressed by the stationary provided in the room. The hotel considers every detail to ensure that you have an excellent stay.In the evening time, the chamber maid will also prepare the room by laying out the beautiful slippers and play nice music in the room. Additional CDs are also provided in the room if you prefer other musics.If you hope to try out local food, just turn left after exiting the main lobby and walk straight. There is a famous Wan Tun noodle shop 10-15 mins away.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>thephantomtraveller
<Content>The Oriental Commitment True to its Oriental tradition, Mandarin Oriental's service had been consistently exceptional. Not only did they ensure that my stay was pleasant, they took note of every detail making my Oriental experience a memorable one. My preferred tunes had been programed to greet me every time I entered my room. Their staff made sure that the fruit basket contained all the tropical fruits I loved.Restaurants at the penthouse provided an enchanting ambience for quiet dinners.Spa services relaxed every single inch of stress from Hong Kong's hustle and bustle. Best of all, they returned a personal item that I had left in my room during my previous stay in this property.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccgworldtraveler
<Content>Amazing Hotel - Top Notch in Hong Kong The Mandarin Oriental hotel (this is the original one and it recently in the last year completed a renovation - this is not the newer Landmark Center location two blocks away) was flawless. From the moment the uniformed agent met me outside customs and whisked me away to the hotel in a large, new Black Mercedes sedan to check in to the remainder of my stay, it was perfect in every way. Even though checking in at 3am (delayed flights due to weather in China), the hotel staff was ready for me. The room was a harbor view room complete with binoculars to look across the harbor from Central. Hermes toiletries abound. The bath area was incredible, complete with soaking tub and a FULL range of toiletries for all needs (nails, teeth, shaving and much more). Beds were very comfortable. VERY ample supply of free bottled water. State of the art flat screen TVs. Very large in room safe. Terry cloth and silk roabs as choice. Slippers that actually fit large feet like mine. The health club on the 24th floor was amazing too. Very large. Nice facilities overall. Breakfast was included in my rate at their buffet on the mezzanine level was first rate. Car service back to the airport was also flawless, except for a small wait for my pick up due to heavy traffic near the hotel. Once at the airport, a uniformed valet took me all through the process right up to security. Very nice. I cant wait to go back!  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>blondie099
<Content>Pure Luxury Just stayed at the hotel on a recent business trip and the hotel is one of the best city hotels I have stayed in. I had a harbour view room on the 19th floor which was fantastic. The rooms have everything you can ask for, attention to detail is outstanding. The staff are very attentive and friendly. Plenty of restaurants to choose from and a great location. I would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FatcatJunketeer
<Content>Luxury and Serenity at the other grande dame of HK Stayed for a few nights in an Oriental suite; the MO has a big reputation to live up to.First the good points; room was immaculately clean, spacious (doubt I could say the same about the standard rooms) plush without being OTT. Great entertainment (3 TVs and 2 DVD players) and (mood) lighting systems. Bathroom was amazing (although it took up half the room and didnt have a lock); shower one of the best. Top of the line toiletries and a big tub. Bathroom was kept absolutely spotless. The bed was exceptional. Fancy organic tea for the yuppies out there. Bottled water everywhere which is simple but greatly appeciated.The location was great, arguably much better than the Kowloon side. Gym was open 24 hours which is handy for fitness freaks but heavily biased towards cardio machines with very limited free weights. Housekeeping was super efficient, press the make up the room button, pop outside for a walk and return 60 mins later to find the room cleaned, no matter what time of the day. Great stationary set (scissors, tape etc) and inbuilt adapter powerpoint for your appliances. Hotel looks stunning from the outside post reno and on the inside it is also quite nice.A few minor gripes: For a hotel with an inhouse choc shop downstairs, its disappointing that the turndown service does not offer any chocs. MO is reknowned for its service; while the staff were polite there wasnt anything particularly special about the service. Hallways, lobby and room a bit dark and dingy, but some may like it. The hotel is relatively small, but very cosy. Views of the harbour are not sensational. More old world charm and old money clientele rather than glitzy (some would say trashy) new money. Staff are not snooty though which is good. It is totally different to the Four Seasons, not better or worse, just more refined, understated and conservative. And a lot darker. The standard rate is ridiculously expensive for what you get, you will get better value anywhere else. At a reduced rate however, it can be good value.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SabineGeneva
<Content>Absolutely fabulous One of the best hotels in the world, large, beautifully decorated rooms and a perfect service!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKtraveller143
<Content>Excellent first class option for Hong Kong This fabulous hotel had a major refurbishment recently and it looks great. Our Harbour View room was compact but did have a great view, and was very well equipped. The legendary service was clearly still a very strong point in the hotel's favour. The Man Wah restaurant, plus the adjacent M Bar, were both excellent. There are trendier places to stay including the sister hotel the Landmark Oriental, but the original MO is still a very strong contender.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Marms&Elms
<Content>Plush, Old School Charm A grand dame with tremendous character. This hotels exudes old world charm from its preserved lobby (post upgrading) to its clubby rooms to its niche watering holes (Captains Bar, Chinnery, and M Bar) each with a strong and history of Hong Kong.You will like this hotel if you value a modern interpretation of old world charm. It has some of the best service I have seen anywhere in the world. And its rooms post upgrading are plush plush plush. It has been a while since any room in the Mandarin actually enjoyed a view as land reclamation and rebuilding in front of the hotel has taken much of this away. That said, if you are not obsessed with having a view (if you do stay at the Four Seasons or Island Shangri-La) then there are few hotels that have the charm, service, and weight of the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong. Its in a class of its own.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LauraRich08
<Content>The only place to stay My fiance and I have just spent a blissful weekend at the older MO in HK, not the Landmark I think people get a bit confused. It has just been done up and the service is absolutely impeccable although slightly bordering on over the top! You have a towel on you the minute you get out of the pool and a bellboy on you the minute you get out of the lift but if you can appreciate how prestigious these jobs are for the locals it is easier to swallow. We stayed in 922 a harbour view room; you definitely need to be on the 9th floor or above to get this. The beds are uber comfortable. Lovely touches like complimentary water everywhere and fresh fruit replaced daily and in the gym spell attention to detail. The prices in the spa are no worse than anywhere in Central. For a chunk of old colonial Hong Kong, spoil yourself and enjoy the Captain's Bar wasabi peas or a Negroni in the stunning top floor M Bar!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IPGHK
<Content>Still a classic, but not what it used to be My fiance  I stayed here for 3 weeks in December, while renovations on our flat were being completed. We've lived in HK for 10  12 yrs, respectively,  are loyal fans of the Mandarin. We chose specifically to stay here instead of the Four Seasons because we love its character  old school charm; we're also frequenters of its FB outlets. However, after our stay, we couldn't help but feel it's missing the exceptional service it had pre-renovations, which came from having staff who genuinely cared about service  the hotel's guests. While we still got this feeling from some staff, many other staff seemed to be clueless that they were representing the legendary Mandarin service. In fact, I think the Mandarin London's service now beats that of the Mandarin HK.I would still recommend this place, especially to anyone who is tired of the soulless marble  glass flash of hotels across Asia. The room renovations are thoughtful, with deep bathtubs, a good lighting system  closet space, HDTV, a nice mini-bar,  very useful computer cables  butler's door (a la the Oriental Bangkok). Our room was quite dark (some would say cozy),  we missed the old balconies, but the rooms are now larger. Dealing with some of the room service operators was painful,  the food was forgettable, but the room service waiters were impeccable, as were the housekeeping staff. Requests were dealt with quickly.Two negatives need mentioning. First, in-room internet access cost $1000/week, which I thought was exorbitant given many hotels around the world now offer wifi for free. The hotel blocked outside signals so it was impossible to use my laptop in the room without using the hotel's service. Second, after waiting 15 minutes in the taxi queue on a busy Friday night, the doorman gave my taxi to a man (referred to as sheik so-and-so) who cut in front of the line, clearly expecting to not have to wait. At the indignant cries of everyone standing behind me, the doorman said, But he is a VIP. And what were we, other paying guests - sub-VIPs?? You can imagine the response that got from those in line.... I was completely shocked  disappointed at this.I would finish by saying that the mince pies  mulled wine, as well as the roast chestnut man, who appeared in the lobby  at the front door for a couple of weeks before Christmas (as they do every year) almost brought back the old Mandarin feeling. Not quite, but of course they're still a nice touch....  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Alasdair_Glasgow
<Content>Robust 5 star The Mandarin Oriental is in the unfortunate position of sitting opposite what might be the best hotel in the world - The Peninsula, but let's not ignore the fact that this is still a first rate hotel well worth a visit.Other reviewers have commented on the mismatch between pictures of the room views and reality and I would definitely concur with this - if you want a great view of Hong Kong stay on the other side of the water, but this is a great spot for getting around.Service is excellent, ever so slightly over-fussy, but still very, very good. I stayed two nights in a Harbour room - the view wasn't as good as I would have expected, but the room was just so incredibly comfortable and very spacious - I think I'm happy to pay for the larger room, the view didn't really matter that much.One gripe is that they charge for wi-fi access - it really should be complimentary these days. Otherwise, the prices for extras didn't feel disproportionate for this class of hotel - I didn't feel I was being fleeced once I came in the door which can be the case with top notch hotels.Music on demand; lots of space; exceptionally soft duvets - I will source those sheets for my own home once I get back; a control for the lighting that I could actually work; lovely toiletries and a bath you could dive into.Breakfast was excellent, good service again. Neat, comfortable. The Captain's Bar, tucked just to the right of the lobby is again the very last word in comfort - I just loved this bar and you'll never see it in the guides because there's nothing trendy about it and the designer isn't famous, but it's a great wee bar.I didn't make it to the spa, but the fact that it is such a feature of the hotel comes back to it's overall theme: comfort - this is a seriously comfortable hotel, it's actually quite hard to leave it! Like sinking into a wonderfully comfortable old armchair.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>BochanTraveller
<Content>Understated Elegance Fleeing smog in Thailand, we landed exhausted and disheveled in Hong Kong, only to be whisked to the single most beautiful hotel I have ever seen. When canvasing for hotel recommendations, many in my family went misty-eyed, and said that I would be stupid to stay anywhere else. And yet, even they could not prepare me for the Mandarin Oriental.Recently the object of a multi-million dollar restoration, the hotel is proof of what can be done when money is no object, and true love is obviously expended in the work. Everything is perfect - from the beautiful and lustrous gold-and-black marble lobby and mezanine, to the small yet perfectly-designed rooms, and beautiful materials used in abundance. The final impression is one of decadent yet understated elegance, and simply could not be bettered.By Hong Kong standards, the hotel is, and feels, truly tiny. It has a homely atmosphere, and all the amenities and staff are first-rate. When my girlfriend came down with severe Bronchitis, the hotel arranged for hospital visit, and whisked us there in a complimentary Mercedes S-Class. The food and services, too, were wonderful - from the roof-top bar with the best Harbor views in Hong Kong, to Man Wah, probably the best Cantonese restaurant in the world, the hotel is simply impossible to fault.We're heading back to Hong Kong next month. You can guess where we're staying...  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mrjain
<Content>Great location for business meetings I had previously stayed at the Ritz Carlton, but that was closed a couple weeks back. So I decided to try the Mandarin Oriental, it's about 2 blocks away from the Ritz. The hotel is centrally located to the business district. I had many meetings over the course of two days and all were with 5 minutes of the hotel.The hotel room was very high tech. Cisco IP Phones (for those that care), Wi-Fi access and even USB ports in the desk to charge things like iPhone's or iPod's.The bathroom was done really well and felt cozy.The view of the harbor is from the side of the building. Still a good view. The room had a view of a small park.CAR FANS:This room had an amazing view of 9 line of track that straddled the park. I enjoyed just drinking coffee and watch the amazing number of Roll's, Bentley's, Benz's, Beamer's, Porsche's, etc....that went by.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alchik81
<Content>Very nice, but not as nice as it can be for the price paid.       room  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>SydneyAlan
<Content>Great hotel, beautiful facilities, standard rooms can be small A really special hotel that has been beautifully renovated with great style and taste. The breakfast is particularly fantastic and the staff are extremely attentive and very professional. The hotel has a great pool area including steam rooms and herbals baths. The Mandarin Barber is a destination in itself as is the day spa. The restaurants are excellent.Our only caution is that the standard rooms (including harbour view) tend on the small size. Whilst beautifully decorated they are too small for something other than a couple of nights. We checked in and moved immediately to a suite which was twice the price of the room we had booked but it was 5 times the size. It was also VERY beautiful. Well worth the additional money if you can swing it.The absence of an executive club is a great shame.Will try the Four Seasons next time but no doubt will be back at the Mandarin after that. Its a really memorable hotel with that special inclusion called character.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Londontimes
<Content>NOT fans any more! We reserved a room at the Mandarin Oriental through American Express. We spent a lot of time planning this trip, and the Mandarin Oriental's website showed fabulous pictures of the amazing harbour views from the luxury room we reserved. My husband and I were greatly looking forward to our stay! We had just spent 4 nights at the Mandarin Oriental in Tokyo and found it perfect bliss. We were hoping for more of the same in Hong Kong but, sadly we were very let down.The hotel faces at least 6 lanes of traffic, and overlooks ugly buildings. It is not on the harbour, as we had anticipated from the hotel's photography.We were disappointed when we entered the dated lobby which had a low ceiling. However, check in proceeded smoothly, and we were taken upstairs to our harbour view room. We noticed that the hallway leading to the room smelled like mildew, yuck! The room was modern, but looked directly into other buildings. If you walked to the study area and craned your neck you could see a sliver of the famous Hong Kong Harbour. This is not what we had paid for.We asked to be shown to a room with a harbour view as we had reserved. The woman with us pretended that she was shocked that the room did not face the harbour, and then took us on a lift down to the 7th floor and led us along another musty smelling hall to a room that had obviously missed out on the hotel's updating, (including ugly tiles in the bathroom). While it faced the harbour, it mostly had a view of an old post office building and the buzzing traffic of the highway that runs past the front of the building. With pits in our stomach, and wanting only what we had reserved and no more, we pointed out that the room was clearly one or two levels below the one we had reserved. Having reserved through American Express, you are supposed to be upgraded if available, not downgraded. The woman rolled her eyes, called downstairs and we had many uncomfortable minutes waiting for approval to take us to a room on a yes, still lower floor. It had an even worse view, but was at least the layout we had reserved. It was still really disappointing, and much smaller than it had appeared in the Mandarin Oriental's pictures.By this point my husband and I were uncomfortable. We do not enjoy complaining, and could not bear to stay in the hotel. My husband's office arranged for us to stay at the Four Seasons, which was gorgeous in every way, and a million times superior to the faded, ugly Mandarin Oriental.The manager of the Mandarin Oriental apologized for the runaround we had received, and but just shrugged when we said the pictures are nothing like your website. He then proceeded to charge our credit card $550 for a late cancellation. Never mind that we never would have had to cancel if they had provided the room with the view that we had reserved!Next time we'll spare ourselves the aggravation, and go directly to the Four Seasons.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richam
<Content>Outstanding service Outstanding standards of service at this high-class hotel. Great location in Central - opposite the Star Ferry Terminal and within walking distance of shopping malls and the Peak Tram.Staff trained to a very high standard - nothing was too much trouble. Concierge staff were exemplary. We were upgraded to a Harbour View Suite which was a delightful bonus. Whatever the type of room you stay in, it's the service that makes this such a great hotel.Breakfast in Cafe Causette offered a huge range of delicious juices, pancakes , breads and cooked meals. Make sure you have the afternoon tea in the Clipper Lounge though you'll need to make a reservation as it's extremely popular.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cntrave
<Content>Will be Returning I just returned from staying at this property while on a business trip. While one becomes used to outstanding service at any of the premier hotels in Hong Kong, the Mandarin Oriental has impressed me as being the cream of the crop. I would normally stay at the Ritz Carlton, but with its imminent closing (as of Jan 31), I opted to stay at the refurbished Mandarin. The rooms and particularly the outstanding service and attention to detail/customer satisfaction was above reproach. I will be returning to Hong Kong in two months on vacation, and have just canceled my reservation at the Four Seasons and re-booked instead at the Mandarin. It is a very impressive venue.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pbeart13
<Content>Old world charm stayed here on business for a couple of weeks.grand hotel, old world charm, opulence, pretty much sums it up, oh, and location.simply marvelous.food is v pricey and not worth it in my opinion.rooms, service and all else fantastic.def get some shopping in HK, v cheap designer brands etc ad some really nice centres. and the peak tram is a must.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doorstomanual
<Content>continues to be great Stayed at the Mandarin for a couple of nights in mid-December and then back again for the period over Christmas, with young family. The hotel is one of those where I am always surprised by the quality of service, but then on reflection think that I shouldn't be because I already know how good it is. We found (and have found in the past) all staff to be excellent and prompt to sort any requests - from the front desk, through the waiting staff to housekeeping - and this was even during a very busy time over Christmas (when they did a great job, with carol singers around the hotel, dancers and presents for the children).In terms of rooms, we used a variety on this trip - and would highlight that, unless on a very short business trip, better to avoid the smaller rooms facing the George's building and pay the extra for a proper city view, ideally over Chater Square (and even here the rooms are of different configurations, depending on floor I guess and how they sorted out the former balconies during the refurb). I think refurb has been a great success, both in the rooms and in the restaurants (although still a shock to have windows in the Grill ...) - and rooms feel high quality (although not so sure about the 'podium' basins or glass-fronted WCs in some rooms). Only issue with the rooms (and I've heard this from somewhere else as well) is getting the lighting right - can be quite low-level unless you play with the system for a while. Elsewhere, now have to pay for i'net access in the business centre, which was free of charge when I was there in May.Other points- (1) barber shop refurb a bit over the top, but the team remains intact, (2) the hotel remains a good spot to get taxis from in busy times and a good place to be dropped at, to avoid going round a busy Queens Road, if you are going somewhere in Central, even a few mins walk away from the hotel and, (3) for a non-business stay, you can avoid paying up for b'fast by going across the road into Princes Building 2/F and buying croissants etc at Olivers Deli.I haven't stayed at the Four Seasons or the Landmark, so can't compare directly with those, but Mandarin remains my choice when in HK, not least for being in the middle of Central and so close to offices/shops etc..  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>hoggtown
<Content>Lived up to every expectation Stayed on a business trip and cannot fault the hotel. Good business facilities, well staffed and someone with a smile at every corner you turned.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>LGuo
<Content>terrible experience, left me traumatised I have stayed at this hotel several times before, and was always impressed by its impeccable service.The location is first-rate , and its easy to walk to IFC , Prince's Building, Landmark. Many international offices are located here, which makes this hotel an excellent choice for business travellers. The spa and gym are also first-rate. However, my entire stay ( I arrived on the 27th December, and stayed until the 31st -- which was New Year's Eve ) was completely marred by a terrible mistake by the hotel staff which ruined an otherwise pleasant stay and which made me very traumatised ,humiliated and shocked.I had requested for a late check-out at 6pm on the 31st, as I was going to catch the 8pm flight back to Singapore. This was requested when I first checked in on the 27th. I agreed to pay the extra half -day rate for the 31st .On the 31st, I returned to the hotel at 2 pm and went out until 4 pm, thinking I could pack my bags and get ready to leave by 530-6pm. Imagine my utter shock and horror when I found my luggage all missing, even my shoes, underwear and shopping bags completely missing! I rushed down to reception, where I was told by the staff that there was a mistake as the system did not capture that I was staying an additional half a day.Even though my luggage and belongings were retreived immediately, I was very angry, as I had left some valuables in the hotel safe which I thought might have been tampered with .Luckily, this was not so , and the safe had not been tampered with. However, I was very angry and demanded to see the Manager on duty. Although the Manager and the Reception Staff on duty were deeply apologetic, and tried to make amends, waiving the half-day charge for the 31st, offering me free limousine ride to the airport, and giving me a souvenir as I left, I am still reeling from shock and anger at the high-handedness of the staff at the Hotel. I think that they should have double-checked before arbitarily removing my belongings without my permission. And to think that this happened on New Year's Eve! This incident completely ruined my stay , and marred my hiterto high impression of the hotel . I have stayed in luxury hotels all over America,Europe and Asia and an episode like this has never happened to me, even at hotels of a much lower ranking and price as the Mandarin Oriental. It will be a very very long time ( if ever ) before I ever stay at the Mandarin Oriental Hotel again.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>barolobrain
<Content>Best location and service I had to go to HK for a Friday meeting so I took my wife along on Thursday evening, making it a long weekend from Shanghai. The last time we stayed together in HK it was at the Island Shangri La, above the Pacific Marina area but this time I booked the MO as it was located near the office at Exchange place. We arrived around 10pm and I had arranged for an airport pickup. From there, we arrived at the hotel and were met by a young lady who took us up and checked us into the hotel in our room. I had booked the cheapest room, not harbor view, but it was as requested. High floor, away from the lifts and extremely quiet. The downstairs bar has a live band and was lively as it was pre-Xmas time. The M bar at the top was also jumping so we elected to have a drink at the bar by the restaurant on the Mezz level. If I had one complaint about the hotel it was the bars were fairly small given the number of rooms in the hotel.The room was good sized and the bathroom had an awesome two head shower. The amenities were top class and room fittings were also excellent. Bed was comfy, service and staff were excellent and the room was extremely quiet. There are two restaurants for breakfast, one with the buffet and the other with ala carte ordering. We at the buffet each morning and the assortment of food was excellent. Both Western and Asian styles being represented. With so many fine restaurants nearby, we didn't eat either lunch or dinner at the hotel.Location, if you want a perfect location in Central, this hotel is the one to book. We will be staying here again when visting HK.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>je2005
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful       Lounge  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blobblob008
<Content>Will be coming here again I stayed in a harbour view room for 2 nights in December. The view was not brilliant to be honest as I was only on the 4th floor, so its not really worth paying extra if you are going to be on one of the lower floors. The room was very spacious, we had a single sofa, a desk with office chair, very big bed and the bath tub is a good size also. Very very clean also.The day that I got there, I urgently need to go out for a scheduled dinner and had to iron my shirt. I ended up phoning the reception for an iron and ironing board about 6 times before finally getting it after 45 minutes. So things were not great the first night.Anyway, the next morning I decided to use their pool. Excellent service around the pool area, you get handed a bottle of water and a towel upon arrival. The pool and pool area is heated which is obviously a good touch. When you leave you get offered some fruit as well.The cleaners are brilliant, they fold all your clothes for you and tidy the whole room whilst you are out, as well as giving you new alot of new towels and shower gel,etc.Although it didn't start off very well at the beginning, I thought that overall they provided a very good service and will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>JHAB
<Content>Faultless Stayed as part of a business trip.Simply a fabulous hotel with wonderful rooms, which I understand have recently been refurbushed. Facilities in the room/suite were ideal and had all the mod-cons. Walk-in powerful shower. Separate washing/shaving area with separate TV/radio. Only slight downside was a very small bath - but the shower more than made up for it. Staff were attentive without fawning over you and room service was excellent.Really don't have a bad word to say about the place.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>martinlucy
<Content>Lovely Spa I stayed at the sister property, The Exclesior in Hong Kong as we always do on business, but took my spa treatements at the Mandarian Oriental....what a treat! The new spa was beautiful and the attendants were very pleasant. It was worth the quick taxi ride for such an enjoyable escape from the urban press of humanity which has become Hong Kong. I highly recommend booking your spa treatments as soon as you confirm your travel arrangements at this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sept_Rain
<Content>Enjoyable stay @ Mandarin Oriental I stayed at MO during my 3 days business trip to Hong Kong. This was my first stay with MO HK and it was a pleasant stay. All my requests were met by the hotel, e.g. high floor, king sized bed, non-smoking room. The service was very personalized too -the reception staff brought me directly to my hotel room for check in when most other hotels did otherwise. The room was very well kept too - everything in the room including the bathroom design was modern, tidy  clean. Two things I didn't quite like though, (1) the pillow was too too soft, (2) the bed room light buttons were too complicated - there were about 9 buttons so i always ended up pressing the wrong buttons for the wrong lights. Nevertheless, all these issues were minor cos the service was excellent. Once, I forgot to leave my breakfast selection menu outside my door and I only realized it the next morning, I called up the service staff on my request and I received my breakfast in less than 30 minutes time! I wil definitely stay again!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RAZEONE
<Content>Great place to stay in Hong Kong       Main room of the suite  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Brockles
<Content>MO adds to awesome HKG Returning to HKG after 15 years, I didn't bother to check out other hotels, as I remember the MO to be best in the 90s. The Hotel Airport Limo service, where you get spectacular views en route, made the transit seemless. We had booked a suite at HKD 7000 per night, and although it was on the 22nd floor with fantastic views, it was smaller than we had expected. None-the-less, the hotel boasted a complete renovation, which was apparent from the state-of-the-art amenities (including one TV in the bathroom), DVD  CD player, Wi-Fi connection through to one of the most comfortable king beds we have slept in. But no fruit basket on our arrival! The location is hard to beat, a short walk to shopping malls and some of the finest restaurants in the world. All-in-all, the MO is at the higher end of the luxury scale, where everything works or is sorted within minutes.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Suffolk_7
<Content>Mandarin Oriental I stayed at the MO Hong Kong for 6 days this month. If it's a hassle free arrival and transfer you require after a long flight then I'd recommend the limo transfer. Pre-book with concierge as they get booked up quickly - a porter meets you in the arrivals hall, takes care of your luggage, ushers you directly to the limo and within 30-40 mins (traffic dependant) you're in your room, checked in. Upon arrival I was offered an upgrade to the Oriental Suite with panoramic views of Victoria harbour and Statue Square - a superb room. The level of service was impeccable, the food (both restaurants and room service) was very good (the best room service breakfast i've ever had), the bars lively, the spa did great massages and the gym, albeit on the small side, was equipped with the very latest cardio machines and free weights section. Ideally located in Central, 10 mins walk to SOHO and 5 mins walk to the star ferry terminal. An oasis of calm nestled in central HK. I'd recommend the MO Hong Kong to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>anna78
<Content>Pretty Good I stayed here for a business trip for two days. Its a pretty nice hotel, the spa is great and the gym is also nice. Located in a convenient location.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Asiaishome
<Content>Classy, consistent, and a pleasure Went to HK for business and stayed in the old wing of the Mandarin for one night. The lobby is uninspiring for a hotel of this stature, but thats where the mediocrity ends. The check in was smooth and you are personally escorted to your room. I was given a room on the 18th floor overlooking the harbour which was a lovely view - binoculars were strategically placed on the table for you if you wanted to look across the harbour. The room itself was right at the top end of hotels that I have experienced: flat screen TV with many choices including digital TV, excellent double bed, the technology everywhere was cutting edge from the phone to the electronics. There was even a flat screen TV embedded in the bathroom mirror which enabled you to watch TV while in the bath, shaving etc. The bathroom was of excellent design, bath, roomy shower cubicle with a high end shower, Hermes toiletries, soft towels etc. The only catch is that it seems a bit odd to be staying in a top end hotel and have to pay for wireless internet. In this day and age - when public hot spots are being set up it is a bit of an aberration but then again the Mandarin is not alone. In the morning they deliver two newspapers to you including the IHT which was another special feature compared to other hotels.Went to the gym in morning - it had a spa which I did not use, but the other sports equipment was very high quality and brand new. I am a gym fanatic so I know the difference. Very helpful attendant who makes sure you have everything you need.Breakfast was part of my package, and this was served in the coffee shop (?). Sensible range of food varying from vegetarian, Western and Chinese breakfasts. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Checkout was smooth as silk and the concierge was very helpful. He made sure he escorted me to the door and briefed the taxi on my destination.Overall what impressed me is that the hotel understands their customers needs and their high quality service is predictable and consistent. This ranks among one of my best big city hotel experiences and my compliments to the hotel and the team!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>NYC-Canuck
<Content>You'll feel like royalty       #727 - looking back towards door  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Christo8
<Content>A wonderful stay Following its multi million-dollar refurbishment the Mandarin Oriental is a true jewel in Hong Kong鈥檚 list of great hotels. Our room (a 'Premier Room' on their website) was totally gorgeous. Hotel staff were great and the facilities first class.All good businesses aim to 鈥渟urprise and delight鈥?their customers and on that basis the hotel scored 10/10 when we were met from our limo transfer from the airport by staff who knew our name and escorted us straight to our room to complete check in formalities. Excellent.FOODBreakfast in the Clipper Lounge overlooking the lobby was fantastic. There is also a buffet lunch and dinner there which looked wonderful. The other restaurants require an expense account to fully enjoy them.BARAlthough the hotel has a formidable list of bars, they are mainly quite small, 鈥渋ntimate鈥?would be a kinder word, and full of business folk smoking! For a USD2 cab fare you can have a lobby bar drink in the Conrad hotel or the JW Marriott, which were (broadly) smoke free and more relaxing.OUTSIDE SPACESadly none 鈥?I鈥檓 surprised they couldn鈥檛 have managed a roof garden in the refurbishment 鈥?but if that鈥檚 the biggest complaint 鈥?it鈥檚 not much.RECOMMENDATIONGo and enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Reiver2000
<Content>Back to form I have stayed at the Mandarin Oriental twice since it re-opened following its closure and complete makeover in 2006. It is back to top form in terms of service from the pleasant and ever helpful staff. The rooms are larger as the former balconies have been incorporated into the rooms, and are as one would expect very well appointed. Part of the former balcony has been used to create a very nice work area. In terms of space the rooms now compare well with the Ritz Carlton, but those in the Four Seasons, a newly built property, are substantially larger. Among the pleasures of Hong Kong can be spectacular harbor views. Such views from the Mandarin Oriental have suffered from Hong Kong's landfill extension toward Kowloon. The Mandarin Oriental still has good harbor views from rooms facing that direction, but there are other hotels in Hong Kong that command more spectacular views.The bars and restaurants are back to pre-renovation levels of quality and activity. The Mandarin still commands the top location at the center of Central. It is the place to see and be seen. If you want to be in Central on Hong Kong island, whether for business or pleasure, the Mandarin Oriental is an outstanding hotel in the right place.Quibble: both the Mandarin Oriental and the Landmark Mandarin use a video/entertainment system which is overly complicated and slow to navigate.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Livingoutofasuitcase
<Content>Much nicer now its been renovated Hong Kong is not my kind of place. You either love it or hate it. I hate it. I have only visted twice in 6 years and on both occasions I stayed at this hotel. The first visit was nothing to write home about but after the recent renovation, the rooms are very chic, almost sexy. I still find it annoying that they put guests in a smokers room without asking. And equally annoying that they give you a room with no view when in fact they have several with views. Are they trying NOT to impress you? After asking for a non-smoking room  one preferably with a view, I was given one. So what were they thinking at reception? Very silly. Breakast also starts very late - too late for business travellers. Dinner was very pleasant in the Chinese restaurant on the top floor... even with a step into the restaurant that has most patrons tripping on it. The staff make you aware of it, in which case why not light it accordingly and save your patrons from embarrassment. The bar, also on the top floor, has superb views. Not sure this is the best place to stay in Hong Kong, as I have not stayed anywhere else but having said that it is without question a luxury hotel with 5 star service and few but silly faults.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>kategem
<Content>Perfection Possibly the best hotel I've ever stayed in - everything in the room (ipod player, music system, tv, dvd, etc etc) is state of the art, the bathroom's incredible, the service is amazing, it's lush, romantic, the new interiors are divine - I love it. The lobby has come under criticism but hey, that's the way it's always been - learn to live with tradition. I recommend this hotel to anyone. Oh and PS The Mandarin Grill is restaurant heaven.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TanMat
<Content>Full marks to the MO       The plush and comfortable room  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve from Bristol
<Content>More adventure than Hotel As I sit here overlooking Statue Square and Victoria harbour I can only wonder why this amazing hotel has such a lowly rating on the normally reliable Tripadvisor site.I have been staying here for 15 years so was a wary 'fan' on my return this week for my first visit since the refurbishment.Service is as good as ever. the rooms are better than before with great modern features and faultless management. This hotel has retained its soul, unlike the rather formulaic Four Seasons which is pretty good but not clasically great.We have been upgraded to a corner suite. This is truly amazing with the bathroom overlooking the main harbour - weird but brilliant.The hotel's PR claims the Mandarin is more home than hotel. They are right.Key points.It is reasurringly expensive. Food is outstandingService is second to noneLook out for a PS at the end of the week once we have a chance to revisit some or the restaurants and facilities  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FlyingOwl
<Content>Luxe to the Max I recently stayed at the MO for five nights on a combination of business and pleasure, and it really was super. I concur with an earlier post that the new decor is rather masculine, but it works. I would add that the design of the room I stayed in was very effective. The room featured an alcove with a desk and a reading nook at the far end, enjoying a view of Exchange Square below. It's great for dining, as they can just roll the cart in and turn around the desk chair. You can pull also the curtains on the alcove, which allowed to me work late at night while my daughter was sleeping. We had two rooms in our party and did have a couple of plumbing issues (leaky minibar etc), but they were quickly resolved.As is so often the case with MO properties, the service was stellar. The concierge desk, in particular, was extremely helpful setting up excellent babysitting and Mandarin lessons for my child.The spa/fitness is vast, and the ladies area features a quirky pool with stones you walk on to create a refloxology experience. Fun. For value in room service, I recommend splitting the Chinese breakfast ... can definitely feed 2 or 3. The congee is the best I have enjoyed in recent memory. Also the small Chinese restaurant upstairs is excellent, with very colorful decor and family-friendly service.If you (or your employer) can afford it, this is world-class hospitality.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AndyJonesLondon
<Content>The Best Having stayed at 30 Hotels in the last 90 days it takes a lot to get me enthused about a hotel at the moment but the Mandarin Oriental certainly did. I had a Harbour View room for 3 nights and the standard of the room and more importantly the standard of the service were exceptional. The gym and spa area are stunning also. It is the only hotel Ive stayed at over the last 3 months that I am keen to go and stay at again as soon as possible  
<Date>Feb 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjlove
<Content>New Year at the Mandarin My wife and I have just returned from a week at the Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong. This is our fifth visit to HK and our fifth stay at this hotel but the first since the renovations. One of the things we both liked about the hotel was the balcony which provided excellent views, so when we heard that part of the modernisation included enclosing the balconies to increase room size, we were interested to see what impact this would have on our impression of the hotel. We booked the hotel limo to pick us up at the airport on arrival, and once we had cleared customs, we were met by a hotel representative, who quickly relieved us of all our luggage and welcolmed us back to the hotel (nice touch). We were then escorted to our awaiting S class Mercedes which quickly got us to the hotel, where we again were welcolmed back. We were immediately taken up to our room where we checked in. We had a deluxe harbour view room, and again its not the biggest room in the world, but it is very luxurious, and it is easy to see where the budget went during the refurb. The room is split into 3 areas. The entrance / bathroom area. Bedroom, and a sitting area. The Bathroom is large with 2 glass walls looking into the bedroom. It has a bath, and seperate double shower, with what must be one of he best showers I've ever had. The bathroom also has a small TV embedded in the movable mirror. The bedroom has an enormous bed, with a large flat screen TV. The walls have all been covered in Walnut, and the room has mood lighting. It also has a large minibar which is very well stocked. Finally the sitting area has a day bed which allows you to take in the view from the floor to ceiling widows looking over the busy harbour. One of the best views ever. Also in this area is a desk with everything you need for your Laptop and a comprehensive stationary kit. These features are all great but its the little things that make all the difference, nice robes, slippers, fresh fruit everyday, shaving kit in the bathroom, hermes tolietries and amazing service all go to making this hotel something special. We visitied the Cafe a couple of times for light meals, and on New Years Eve went for the special set 6 course meal in the Mandarin Grill which was outstanding. The Grill at the Mandarin is possibly my favourite place to eat in the world, and it also has had a make over by Terence Conran, opening up the previously enclosed windows for a view over Charter square. I liked the the new decor, but I think I prefered it when it was a bit darker as it give it a more 'gentlemens club feel', but they still have the huge pullman style dining chairs. We also managed to squeeze in a few other places for eating/drinking, the M Bar (which used to be Vong) on the 24th floor still a nice place for a pre/post dinner drink. MO Bar at the sister hotel The Landmark, a pretty cool place for a drink. Felix at the Penninsular in Kowloon, go there at 8pm to catch the laser show..and remember to visit the toilets for further amazing views. and on New Years Day we went to Aqua on the 29th Floor of Peking Tower in Kowloon, again amazing views of the HK skyline and great food. Okay, to sum up, I agree that this hotel is focused on the business traveller, but this does nothing to stop you having a fantastic experience as a tourist. This hotel was my first experience of staying at 5 star hotels many years ago, and I still measure new hotels to this standard, so maybe I'm a bit bias, but staying here should be a pleasurable time for any traveller and its still my all time favourite..and I think its got even better with the refurb.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ozbecks
<Content>Totally amazing From the most amazing beds to the most amazing views, this hotel was wonderful . Having arrived at 8am from Australia, we were able to check straight in without a problem.We informed the hotel we were newlyweds and when we came back after drinks in the bar, found a bottle of Veuve Clicquot on ice and a note of congratulations.The staff were extremely professional and hospitable. When our enormous plasma TV was playing up, there was a technician in the room within 5 minutes to fix it.We had a deluxe harbour room and although not huge, it was very comfortable and well designed. The bathroom was of a good size, immaculately clean and the double shower a dream.The in-room amenities are very thoughtful - a hair band with the shower cap, shaving kit, nail file, loofah mitt, as well as the usual suspects.A great hotel for business or for pleasure and its location in Central makes it ideal for sightseeing, shopping or eating out.Our only criticism is that the steam rooms are not unisex.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2006
<Rating>5	2	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Worldtraveler67
<Content>They spent 140 million dollars?!?!?!?!? My first impression, walking into the lobby of the Mandarin Oriental three weeks after it re opened following its refurb, was this is AFTER they spent $140m ?!?!.It's so dark and sombre. OK, one man's meat is another man's poison and I'm sure Wallpaper* readers may love it, but it looks to me like the set from a 1960s James Bond movie - black marble, gold relief on the walls, chintzy chandaliers. Dark dark dark. I expected Blofeld or Dr No to step out stroking a fluffy white cat and say Ah, Mr X, we have been expecting you. The only thing to lighten up the place was the rather funky orange jackets of the staff.This is 100% a business hotel and not for the leisure traveler (like me, who was on vacation). All around, from the bars to the restaurants, the average guest was a slightly paunchy middle aged businessman in an expensive suit looking rather pleased that he was staying here and able to expense the whole thing back to his company.The gym is good, but the pool is small and enclosed - no where to catch a few rays on a sunny day.Food? Had breakfast one day in the Clipper Lounge which was good, and on another day in the Grill where, I have to admit, the atmosphere was great, but the food mediocre - I am the world's greatest lover of eggs benedict and these were just ordinary. My partner's pancakes were, she said, nothing special either.Again it's a personal thing, but the way the staff fussed about, without actually being that efficient, I found annoying.My bedroom - again, geared up for the business traveler with every data port and socket you could ever want - was quite small and again dark, with a low ceiling that felt quite claustrophobic. The bathroom is integrated into the main room - my partner peeing on the toilet came through in glorious stereo as I lay in my bed. Similarly running the shower sounded like Niagara Falls.Re reading the above it all sounds negative, but, those are just my personal thoughts - as I said, one man's meat is another man's poison, and I'm sure there'll be people out there who love what's been done to the hotel, love the decor, love the business facilities etc etc etc. But, as a leisure traveler, sorry, I was underwhelmed. You hear so much about this hotel, it's so iconic, and then I went there and..........well, it was great to say I've tried it, but next time I'm in Hong Kong I can definitely say I won't stay here again. In general I'm a Mandarin Oriental fan (for example, love the properties in Singapore and Miami) but this almost seems apart from the rest of the group, different styling and ethos altogether.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>JWYeung
<Content>MO Hong Kong: The legend reopens鈥?#x201d;       The crowning glory: Pierre Gagniere's Pierre restaurant and the duplex Mandarin Suite  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymoon Stay The Mandarin Oriental in Hong Kong is a fantastic hotel. The service is second to none. We had a wonderful room, nice and spacious, and when they found out it was our honeymoon they gave us a bottle of champagne and strawberries which was a lovely gesture. The only problem we had with the hotel was feeling like we didn't really belong. Everyone staying there appeared to be a lot older than us (we are in our 20's). The other problem was that drinks and food in the hotel are hugely expensive. I am not saying that they are not worth it, but it is certainly something to bare in mind if considering booking for a trip like a honeymoon - take a lot of spending money!!  
<Date>Feb 23, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Montydoro
<Content>Good service, tired rooms I stayed at this hotel in March 2005 on a business trip. It is desperately in need of its refurbishment.We were initially given a rear facing room, which was very gloomy and had very tired decor. We complained and were quickly moved to a (more pricey) harbour view room. It was also tired but at least you weren't overlooked by neighbouring office blocks. But with a harbour view framed by the star ferry taxi rank and an office block it wasn't the most spectacular either.Some of the restaurants (Vong on the top floor and the brasserie on the ground floor) are very good, and we always found staff to be courteous and efficient. But having now stayed at the Island Shangri-La and the Four Seasons, there are definitely two better bets in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	1	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Monterone
<Content>Feels Like Staying With An Old Friend I love this place. There simply is no better location in Hong Kong, right in the heart of Central, next to the Star Ferry. I had a harbor-view room, and I really enjoyed hanging out on the hotel balcony, watching the ships in the harbor and the hubbub of the streets below. The hotel lobby is constantly filled with interesting-looking people at all times of day -- a great place to people watch. Yes, it's an old hotel, and in many ways, it is showing its age, but that's in part why I like it so much. With all the shiny and glitzy new buildings (and hotels) going up in Hong Kong almost every day, this is one of the few places that still retains a sense of history and character. I stayed here once before, several years ago, and as soon as I walked in this time, the memories from the previous stay flooded back. The place has its own distinctive *smell*, and it's a highly evocative one. It really is like staying with an old friend.Of course, as many others have noted, the hotel is not perfect. The furniture is a little worn. The fitness center is quite cramped and underequipped. Worst of all for me was the so-called high-speed internet access, which was extremely slow and unreliable. At HK$160 per day on top of the room rate, it was highway robbery. I've heard that they're starting a major renovation this winter, and I agree that it's about time, but I hope they don't spiff it up so much that they destroy the hotel's essential character. For one thing, I've heard that they're doing away with all the balconies in order to increase room size, which is a disappointment to me. The lovely balconies facing the harbor are what set this place apart from the other 5-star hotels in HK. We'll see how it turns out, but I'm a bit apprehensive.The breakfast buffet in the comfortable Clipper Lounge is a good deal at HK$195 -- delicious Western food and Chinese food (including congee and dim sum). The only downside is that they close at 10 am, so by lunchtime, you're hungry again. I also love the Mandarin cake shop -- when I used to work in Hong Kong, this was a favorite place to get a quick pre-prepared sandwich -- they start to put them out around 11:30. (Go for the smoked salmon.)I realize that a lot of people may be thinking of staying on the Kowloon side, where most of the hotels and a lot of shops are. But even though the view of the HK skyline is more spectacular from the Kowloon side -- and even though the Peninsula is a fabulous hotel, too -- I don't recommend staying in Kowloon to anyone who wants to get an authentic sense of the real Hong Kong, as opposed to the touristy Hong Kong. Hong Kong-side is where most of the people who participate in HK's most important businesses live and work. The real Hong Kong can be seen by walking down Des Voeux Road or Queen's Road in Central, not Nathan Road in Tsim Sha Tsui. The best thing about the MO is that it is smack-dab in the heart of it all.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't worth it The only good thing about the hotel is the location. Otherwise, the decor is dated, the room is so very tiny, the so-call harbour view is laughable (and if you have the city view which faces the St George building, you can see exactly what people are doing in their offices and vice versa!). Service is good but no better than other 5 stars hotels in HK. If you are coming to HK for leisure, you are much better off in staying in the one of the 3 hotels in Admiralty (Conrad, Marriot and Shangri-la). If you are going for business and has to stay in Central, the Ritz will be better (and check out the 4-season when it opens, which meant to have amazing view).  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>AsiaExpat
<Content>Lost its charm.   showReview(3755970, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, Bad service   showReview(3734722, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ranked #5 out of 6 (all five-star hotels in Central)   showReview(3423781, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best service in the world.   showReview(3414125, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Pincut
<Content>Can I live here?   showReview(3397903, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>viking
<Content>A little jaded excellence.       Night Market Kowloon  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantanstic Service   showReview(3193962, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RichWSanFrancisco_CA
<Content>Over-rated Reputation   showReview(3098923, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Nice but not perfect   showReview(2838081, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolute standard of excellence   showReview(2793148, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>銈娿倝銇ｃ亸銇俱偔銉炽偘
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屻仚銇般倝銇椼亱銇ｃ仧   showReview(22990629, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪兂銉€銉兂銉涖儐銉€€棣欐腐   showReview(22855881, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇点倝銈撱亸
<Content>鏈€楂樸伄銈点兗銉撱偣   showReview(19010766, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闆板洸姘椼伄銇傘倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19888956, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儭銉嬨儐銈ｃ伄鍏呭疅銉荤檼銇椼伀婧€瓒?#x201d;   showReview(19888875, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>peteZurich
<Content>Das beste Hotel in Hong Kong   showReview(17524791, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PAO75
<Content>Impersonnel et cher   showReview(15789581, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇с仚   showReview(19887971, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儖銉ャ兗銈儷寰屻伄閮ㄥ眿...   showReview(21803188, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈淬兗銈搞儯銈癸紒   showReview(19887128, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐銇儧銉嗐儷銇偄銉冦儣銈般儸銉笺儔澶╁浗锛?#x201d;   showReview(19886512, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RomaRoma64
<Content>fantastico   showReview(10070265, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>chenutjpaul
<Content>Nul, pas 脿 la hauteur   showReview(8680374, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	1	1	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广儍銈裤儠銇屻仺銇︺倐瑕垏...   showReview(21802101, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点兗銉撱偣鎶滅兢銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(19883954, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉伅娓呮綌銇х満銈併亴...   showReview(19928460, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩伄椐呫亱銈夎繎銇?..   showReview(19925105, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姝村彶銇傘倠銉涖儐銉仩銇戙伀...   showReview(19924689, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉勩偄銉笺仹銉忋兗銉愩兗銉撱儱...   showReview(19923539, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锛绩锛槧銈娿伨銇欍€備粖鍥?..   showReview(19923130, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嬨倢銇撱倢锛擄紣骞村墠銇仾...   showReview(19921113, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€鐒￠銇仾銇勫悎鐞嗙殑銇?..   showReview(19919655, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儶銈ㄣ兂銈裤儷瑾裤仾閮ㄥ眿...   showReview(19919475, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娓伄杩戙亸锛堥娓伅銇┿亾...   showReview(19918838, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍦颁笅閴勩伕銇偄銈偦銈广倐...   showReview(19916900, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 7, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍐伄棣欐腐銇垵銈併仸銇?..   showReview(19916388, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>1鏈?鏃ャ亱銈?鏃ラ枔婊?..   showReview(19916386, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

