<Author>Meydo
<Content>Superb - Could not have asked for more! We stayed at the Mayfair for 6 days in a 1 bedroom suite and it was perfect. We were traveling with a 10-month old baby and looked all over the internet for a nice hotel in a decent location with a separate bedroom to accommodate the baby's sleeping schedule. The Mayfair not only had a suite available, but it was at a reasonable rate, the location was excellent (very close to the Champs Elysees, upscale shopping, Louvre and metro/bus stops), and the entire staff was first-rate. They were always eager to assist with requests in the room (iron, more towels, etc.), directions, restaurant recommendations and the baby! The room was quiet and beautifully decorated, the bed and linens were fantastic, and the baby cot was the best I have ever seen (a large pack-n-play with a crib mattress). There are so many places to stay in Paris, it is difficult to make a choice sometimes. But for us, we would stay at the Mayfair every time and recommend it to all our friends and family.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>financegrad
<Content>The Mayfair Hotel was absolutely fantastic! My wife and I just recently visited and stayed six nights at the Mayfair hotel in Paris! I have absolutely nothing bad to say about our experience at the Mayfair! We found the staff very friendly and accomodating from the hotel receptionist to the hotel staff that served us breakfast every morning! The location of the Mayfair was fantastic as it was central to all the main sights and amenities in Paris. It was in walking distance to almost everything we did over the entire week. We both felt very comfortable at the Mayfair. I would recommend this hotel to anyone visiting Paris.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrianRI
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel I would strongly recommend the Mayfair for any travelers looking for a boutique hotel. Nicely appointed, good-sized rooms, reasonable price. Beautiful bathroom. Personal attention from all staff with English spoken. Great location steps from Louvre. Does not have some big hotel services, but does not have big hotel hassles.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ochone
<Content>Fantastic, friendly staff We (party of 6) visited Paris for my wife's birthday and booked Hotel Mayfair on my son's recommendation - we were not disappointed. The location was perfect, the rooms extremely comfortable and the ambience was laid-back. However the highlight of our stay for me was the friendliness of everyone of the staff. Reception, porters, breakfast staff, housekeeping and management all went out of their way to be helpful to us (in excellent English, although I did try out my schoolboy French) - this made it a special holiday for us.It is expensive - but then Paris is expensive - and I felt we got good value for our money. We will be back.Merci beaucoup!  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SCW58
<Content>Wonderful, Wonderful Hotel We thoroughly enjoyed our stay for ten days and can't wait to go back to the Mayfair Hotel. The staff is absolutely fanastic....they were always helpful, thoughtful and very friendly. Louisa in the breakfast room is just wonderful. I had fallen at the park and when we came back to the hotel, she helped bring me up to our room. She deserves rave reviews. The hotel is located in the best spot for sightseeing as it is close to everything. The Paris Vision tours, especially the on-off tour bus, are great and the office is not far from the hotel. We booked directly through Air France and selected the hotel from their sight. It was reasonably priced for the package. We had a room in the front of the hotel and didn't mind any traffic noises. The room was a nice size and the bathroom was roomy. We loved our stay and really wanted to be here longer. We would recommend the hotel to anyone who wants a great hotel in a great location.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>punky1933
<Content>Loved the Mayfair Hotel/Location We returned last evening from a 5 day stay at the Mayfair Hotel in Paris....We up-graded our room to a Deluxe Double and it was large and lovely...The whole hotel is so well run and CLEAN...We certainly have NO complaints...We enjoyed the breakfasts and they were so adequate we only ate two meals a day...The charming girl serving them was an extra.....The location of the Mayfair is super as it is so close to so many things that you can walk to many places with no problem. It is tucked away on a side street and we never heard any noise ...The beds were comfortable and there was a small terrace off of our room..If you are looking for a lovely place to stay while in Paris, we would highly recommend this hotel..  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>likesagoodhotel
<Content>A really pleasant stay at an excellent small hotel. We just stayed at Hotel Mayfair last month. We booked a 'Superior room'  requested King bed - we were gifted with an upgrade when we arrived ,so I am not sure what type of room we had but it was roomy! Very clean, comfortable, elegant decor, relatively quiet (certainly didn't disturb us) for so close to Tulleries amusement park in summer(!) - separate large bathroom w private stool closet, comfy bed... Friendly, intelligent and helpful front desk staff... Cafe ard corner is very good...Souffle Restaurant closeby is very good too! Would stay again  longer - let's just hope the dollar regains it's past value so we can.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ggadmin
<Content>Love the Hotel Mayfair We've stayed here twice, both times in late June/early July.Positives - The location is great - half a block off the Rue de Rivoli - very close to the Tuileries Gardens and Concorde Metro Stop, yet tucked away enough to not feel touristy. Also, many restaurants are in walking distance.The interior is nice - there is a lounge area which we never used, but might be nice in the cooler months. The breakfast room is very light and cheery. There is a circular staircase with an old elevator in the middle - feels very European to me - and a more modern elevator on the side as well. We would take the elevator up and elegantly descend via the staircase.The first trip our room faced the street, which was exciting when France won a playoff game in the World Cup and everyone went crazy. This trip, we had an inside view, which was a blank wall, but down below we could see the patio behind the breakfast room, plus the room was very quiet which made up for the lack of view. In both cases, we had large windows that opened in.The room was modestly sized but very elegant - decent mattress and lots of pillows, contrary to one review below. The bathroom was just redone, and was very nice for Europe. The room was always made up for us, even though our schedule was irregular.The staff were all very nice - always a Bon Jour or Bon Soir from everyone. The front desk always humored my questions in a mix of rusty French and English, and were always able to answer in English if needed.The breakfast staff was especially professional and nice, learning how we wanted our coffee, etc.Negatives - We seem to only be able to afford to stay here if we book the hotel as part of a package, which fortunately we've been able to do.The Wi-Fi was 10 euros per 24 hours. With this cost for a room, Wi-Fi should be included.Finally, two years ago we had to pay extra for the difference between the continental breakfast and full breakfast (cheeses and ham), while this year it was included. Don't know if this is for everyone or depended on our package.We hope to stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>YvetteSydney
<Content>Wonderful hotel in heart of Paris Trip AdvisorHotel Mayfair, ParisJuly 2008We spent 3 nights in the hotel Mayfair and found it one of the best hotels we have stayed in Europe on our months vacation.A small, welcoming, stylish hotel set in the middle of Paris. Staff are excellent and do all they can to help. Rooms are immaculate, with beautiful decoration, mini bars, safes, large rooms and bathrooms. The beds are extremely good. The rates via the website were very reasonable for this class of hotel and location. We really enjoyed our stay here.We would recommend this hotel to anyone who wishes to stay in the heart of Paris.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bessyOrangeCA
<Content>Good Location I called the hotel myself to book the room. We choose this hotel because it would sleep 3 adultsI never received an email to confirm my reservation. The hotel is in a good safe location.Bathroom was good size.Shower was dreadful.Decoration were old and faded. Several stains on carpet.Safe did not work.Staff was not friendly at all.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>ScooterTiger
<Content>Would not stay here again After reading the other reviews on this hotel I thought perhaps there were two Mayfair Hotels in Paris. We just returned from a one month trip to Europe where we stayed at mostly 3 star hotels or bed and breakfasts. When we arrived in Paris we were excited to stay at the Hotel Mayfair as it is a 4-star hotel. Unfortunately we were totally disappointed with the experience as it did not live up to even the qualities of a 3 star property.On the plus side, the location is really convenient. Unfortunately, that is the only plus we found. Though we had reservations, the first room they showed us was incredibly small, dingy and looked over an interior air-shaft so we declined and asked to see something else. They said another room would be available later that day. So we stored our luggage and went touring. When we returned after 5:00 pm they showed us a beautiful deluxe room that we could have for an additional 100 euros a night or a truly horrible room that was filthy (stains on the carpet and bedspread) and reeked of smoke. We negotiated and ended up with the Deluxe room for an extra 50 euros a night. Not great, but at least we could breathe while we were sleeping.Though the various gentlemen who worked at the reception desk during the evening and night were very helpful and friendly, the women who worked the desk during the daytime were incredibly rude. The concept of hospitality was completely foreign to them.Though we stayed at many wonderful places on our vacation, this is not one of them.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	5	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>xx_miss_piggy_xx
<Content>Great Experience       Bedroom  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Scotty082
<Content>Delightfully charming hotel Our trip to Paris in May 2008 and this hotel was wonderful! The staff were so friendly and always there to help and give excellent advice.Our rooms were very nice and spotlessly clean. No noise at all - even though our rooms overlooked the street. Nearby there are lots of cafes and lovely shops. Concord metro is 5 minutes walk away, and the Hotel is very much within walking distance of the Louvre and Musee D'Orsay. Also within easy walking distance are the Place de la Concorde, Champs Elysees, Jardins Tulleries, Printemps and Galleries Lafayette, Rue San Honore with its designer shops etc - all wonderful. Enjoy delicious coffee and an impressive breakfast selection at the Mayfair Hotel before setting out to discover the wonders of magical Paris.We plan to return and will most definately be staying at the Mayfair Hotel when we do.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Love8098
<Content>WONDERFUL hotel!!       Room  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>stevencphg
<Content>Good choice I stayed at the Mayfair in May 2008 for a weekend with my girlfriend. We came from Denmark and the weather in Paris was much better. The hotel is in a nice location. We prefer the area of Saint Germain but we discovered the Concorde area and it is very chic. The staff helped us find restaurants and trendy bars. I am sure we will come back to this area and to this nice hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AuntGigi5
<Content>Great Location        My room  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>QueenNina
<Content>Chilly April, but warm reception! A group of 5 women just returned from Paris in April. Weather was pretty chilly  breezy, but the staff and reception at the Mayfair was great! No snooty Parisians here -- The location is GREAT! You can walk to the Louvre, Musee D'Orsay, shops on Rue de Rivoli  Rue St. Honore. Hotel rooms are small, but bathrooms were nice  large. Right next door is a great brasserie --called Cafe Imperial--that serves wonderful food at reasonable prices. In fact, we ate there so many times, the staff treated us as regulars --everyone was very nice to us!  While in Paris, we used the Hop-on Hop-off tour bus, Batobus, and Cityrama company for a trip to Versailles. I can recommend all of the above. However, we did NOT like the tour we took with ParisVision(another sightseeing company) They left 45 minutes late  pretty much ignored us the whole time.But, we highly recommend Hotel Mayfair--we booked our air  hotel package through Air France .  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>CzechMerlin
<Content>Absolutely good choice I have just returned from Hotel Mayfair. I have stayed there just one night but I can absolutely recommend it to all. I have taken a superior room because i have been worry about room size but no need to worry about the size. Anyway I guess you dont go to this hotel to spend all day on hotel room. Louvre is walk away, also metro station and Paris has many places to take you away. Hotel room was clean and the staff very kind and helpful. In the morning I have heard some noise from the street but it is not reason to wake you. I think it is good not to take a hotel with windows facing to rue Rivoli, where the traffic is hard. Side streets are much more quiet. In the room everything was like on the hotel pictures, nice elegant furniture, soft carpets, large bathroom. I will gladly return to this hotel again in next visit of Paris.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>samsaidi
<Content>Very disappointed       View from standard room  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Tawfiq0303
<Content>Very practical Hello,i just come back from Paris. I stayed at the Mayfair. It is not Palace but the hotel is very well situated in the centre of Paris.The rooms were not so big but very cosy and charming.For my trip it was perfect.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>HKKW
<Content>thanks for the reviews. Great place to stay in Paris ! We did a trip around Europe with my wife. Stayed at the Mayfair in Paris, and we had a great time there.Just like we pictured a hotel in Paris. Typical old Parisian style, but with all the modern facilities.The location is amazing. You are right in the heart of Paris and within walking distance of everything you need to see.The staff was very friendly. Too bad they don't have a pool, but anyway so many things to see in Paris we wouldn;t have spent a minute in it !  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>kevinkl
<Content>a business trip to remember I was in Paris last week for business. I stayed at the Mayfair. It felt like I was on vacation ! The hotel is amazingly well located, right in the heart of Paris. So no question about visiting after work, as yo just have to step out the front gate.Will probably get back there soon for holidays.And thanks to all the staff for taking care of me so well. You made a simple business trip almost look like holidays !  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Singaling
<Content>so romantic ! I spent 1 week with my grilfriend at the Mayfair hotel in Paris and we had a great time. It was our first time in Paris.If you go to Paris for the first time, it's the place to go. Ideally located (right in the centre, within walking distance of almost evrything you need to see in Paris), and so charming. Nothing like the big hotels. This one is a classic, without the bad things.Great personnel as well. very attentive to your needs and requests.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Lucas-Italy
<Content>Nice small hotel I stayed at the Mayfair in Paris early march. I found this hotel on a specialised site and then booked direct on their own site. On a business trip, I could go everywhere, the location is really perfect. Unfortunetly, it was very hard to have a taxi. But for the rest, the people are very nice and the quality of the hotel is really worth.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MemberLondonCity
<Content>Thank you Mayfair Paris! My girlfriend and I stayed here for two nights. I booked direct on hotel's website. The hotel is in a beautiful location and the reception staff are all very helpful. We had breakfast every morning and we really liked the quality of the food they served. Our room was a de luxe, large enough and it seemed renovated, with a nice bathroom (although I would preferred a larger bath tube). All in all a very pleasant stay with very nice people. I would recommend this hotel to friends.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mike_CKent_England
<Content>Excellent hotel An excellent location for this hotel. Our room was a good size. A small problem with the shower was put right immediately without fuss when reported. Staff very helpful and friendly.Breakfast was fine, a little expensive but you are in the middle of Paris.Would certainly return.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OBX
<Content>Great Stay! The Hotel Mayfair is a great location for everything in the 1st. It is located on a small, quiet street a block from the Tulleries Garden, a block and a half from a good taxi stop, and 2 blocks from the metro at Place Concorde. The staff at the front desk could not have been more helpful or professional. This service extended to all staff, maids, and especially to the delightful lady serving breakfast. We might add the omelettes were very good. This is an older hotel and rooms vary, but from the rooms we saw, all are well-appoinited and comfortable. We had a twin room (hotel was full so we could not upgrade) but still had a large bathroom and deep tub. The towel heater was a nice plus. The room was extremely quiet and yet we were near all the main attractions. We feel this hotel is a very good value for Paris. This was our fourth independent visit to Paris, and although we have stayed in a more expensive hotel down the street, we preferred the Mayfair.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fkt
<Content>Magic I stayed at Mayfair Hotel for a month during a business trip. I would like to thank one of my friends who advise me the Mayfair Hotel.Everything was perfect. It was as if we had our own personal Parisian apartment just a hop off Jardin de Tuilleries. In addition to the comfortable stay, the location is magic; we were surprised by just how close we were to everything within walking distance (Place Vendome, Opera, Louvre museum, Champs-elysees, Tuilleries Park, Place Concorde, Rue de Rivoli鈥? and just a block from a metro stop. I recommend Mayfair Hotel, and it has become my preferred hotel in Paris. The staff is very friendly, they could not have been more helpful, warm and nothing was too much trouble. We had a standard room and the room was perfectly adequate for our requirements, it was beautifully decorated with those final touches which made it just that little bit more special. The housekeeping was excellent, the bed was the most comfortable we have ever slept on - even better than our own at home and we had to really force ourselves out of it in the morning with the help of the Inescapable special Breakfast. I will be back to this hotel and will recommend it to others.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>thaihugo
<Content>A small paradise in the center of Paris We spend the first week end of june in this hotel with my wife and baby girl, and it was the most pleasant time I had in Paris. The hotel is just at walking distance of everything, and it's so nice to come back to this little escape after a stroll in the busy streets.The rooms where incredible, fully featured, and with very nice pieces of furnitures. We got our wifi connexion (I'm kind of addicted) and the staff was really helpfull, specialy for taking care of our little girl comfort. The baby craddle was brand new, and the staff managed to do everything to help us.The hotel is very quiet, and you don't hear anything from the outside or the other rooms.My only regret is that they couldn't gvie us one of the newly renovated rooms on the last floor, which get each one a different style. We could see two of them but they weren't free for the two days of our stay.The breakfast buffet is excellent, and we really spent a lovely week end there. Thanks again.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DidierCh
<Content>What a place to stay in PARIS ! I had to stay in PARIS and I found this great place.I was first interested by its location and I was amazed by this peaceful location.I will certainly go there again next time I have to stay in PARIS.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MrTommy31
<Content>What a wonderfull week-end Well what i can say........ we been there just before Christmas time with my lovely and sweety girlfriend and spend our trip in this small charming hotel. The staff was so kindly and the Hotel was so wonderfull. Very nice placed in the middle of the town in one of the most beatifull arrondissement of Paris. The service was excellent and we wish to get back as soon as possible. Every one was so available to help us to discover this lofvely and so romantic place that is Paris.... Thanks to all ....see you soon  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pleasedguest
<Content>Can't Wait To Go Back! This hotel was recently renovated (still working on 5th  6th floors while we were there). We could not have asked for a better location. Hotel is near everything you need. Cafes, tour companies for tours, nice restaurants, fast quick restaurants...., shopping, museums (4 of which we walked to). Everyone in the hotel went out of their way to make us feel welcome  comfortable. The rooms were perfect! This hotel is very nice, without being stuffy. I would like to personally say the entire staff deserve high marks!!!!Thanks to everyone there for making our 1st, but not last, trip to Paris so wonderful.Sincerely,Very Pleased Guests  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lordnestor
<Content>Great customer service, outstanding room servants, spotless rooms Great customer service, outstanding room servants, spotless roomsNew A TripAdvisor MemberChose this hotel for my family's recent stay in Paris. Unbeknown to us, since we were three adults and their family room was available, they upgraded us instead of cramming three older adults into a small room. Their rooms were immaculate, and nothing was out of order or missing. Everyone spoke english or spanish well and were very knowledgeable and helpful when we asked questions about the area, directions or services. The breakfast was great and the waiters never gave attitude, croissants were also one of the best I've ever tasted. The location was superb, a block away from the nearest metro line and in between several bus stops, not to mention a very short walk from the Place Vendome, Place de la Concorde and Jardin des Tuileries. Our rooms had a fully furnished minibar, 20 in flat screen monitors and plenty of bed covers and pillows. Morning cleanup was prompt and fast, we never even saw them come or go and never had to ask for additional items. Definitely worth a repeat stay. For anyone looking for a hidden gem, this was it for me.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>curmudgeons
<Content>Charming hotel The Mayfair was a good choice because of its convient location to manycultural attractions. This is important in so far as Paris is almost always on strike(,as when we visited in Nov.)Our room was small but confortable with a good size modern bathroom. The hotel does not havea bona fide concierge and it was hit or miss at the front desk when asking for information. The hotel has true Parisan charm and the breakfast staff was most pleasant. One warning; this hotel is not within walking distance of any food market or grocery stores, so you are dependent upon local bistros and restaurants. L'Imperial has the best food in the neighborhood and a congenial staff. Although their reviews were good we found, Le Souffle to be less then wanting. Do youreally want Souffle for all 3 courses? trust us no. Try the one hour cooking class at the nearby RItz hotel. Its a fun way to have a great meal --whats more you help prepare it! Paris is still one of themost charming and beautiful cities in the world even with the dollar worth almost nothing anymore in France.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BrisbaneFamily60
<Content>excellent My family and I (two adults and two small children) visited Paris in September this year. The family suite was perfect for a couple with two small children because of the second bedroom. The hotel service, and position were better than we had expected. Indeed my wife and I had been warned that the French people could on occasion appear somewhat reserved. The staff at the Mayfair we found however to be friendly, polite, helpful and professional. Because the hotel is situated in the heart of Paris you expect to have to pay that little bit extra, but because the stay was so excellent it more than compensated. I would definately recommend this hotel as a place to stay in Paris and we are looking forward to our next stay.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Sophie050
<Content>What a gift! I've dreamed of going to Paris for years and couldn't have asked for a better setting for it to come true!I had one of the recently refurbished single rooms with a balcony and it was bigger than I had expected. I felt like I was in one of the higher priced hotels in the vicinity.Location couldn't be better. A Metro stop is a short block away, excellent restaurants all around and so many sites - the Tuilieres, Louvre, Place de la Concorde - a few minutes away. Every staff member, from the maids to the general manager, couldn't have been nicer or more helpful no matter what question or need we had.I highly recommend this hotel and already miss my room and the amazing people.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>gxx
<Content>Outstanding Paris Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Mayfair in August 2007 and found this to be an excellent choice even by our own demanding criteria. It is run in a most professional manner and this was evident throughout our stay.The staff were efficient, friendly and most helpful with advice and directions. Our reservation (internet) was handled efficiently and the room ready on our arrival. The room, classified as Superior, was spacious, clean, quiet and well furnished. On arrival we were extremely tired from many hours travelling and decided to use the on site restaurant. The menu was very limited but we were quickly served a tasty light meal.The location is central to most tourist attractions, with many within walking distance.We hope to stay again at some time in the future.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CvonK
<Content>A delightful little hotel The location of the hotel is perfect for most Paris visitors:very handy for main sights, for shopping, restaurants andnightlife as well.1 min. walk from metro Concorde.Wonderful Cafe l'Imperial next door.Place Vendome round the corner.The hotel is recently renovated.Guestrooms and the elegant public areas are reallywell furnished.I would say this truly is a perfect Paris hotel!Very good first class.Not five stars, but neither are the room rates.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>BengalCat
<Content>A very nice small hotel Reading some of the 2005 reviews prompts me to write a current one. The Mayfair is not a luxury hotel but it is a very nice, clean small hotel with good service. The location is great , close to the Louvre, etc . There are several good restaurants within 2 short blocks. The staff members are all friendly and helpful. Room service was prompt. Now, as to the extra charges for breakfast-- this may have been true in 2005 but is not true now. They have a nice breakfast of cold cuts, cheese, croissants, fruit laid out and they will prepare eggs, omelettes, etc for you at no extra charge.We had the full breakfast included in our room arrangement. I would always want to stay there if I return to Paris.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sally47
<Content>Perfect place to stay! My husband and I stayed at the Mayfair as a part of our trip to France for my birthday. We had stayed in the countryside before spending the last 3 nights in Paris. We loved the countryside, and did not expect to have as quiet and restful sleeping quarters once we got to Paris. The Mayfair was a surprise. Not only was it truly quiet, though in the heart of town, it was beautifully appointed and the bed was wonderful. We could walk everywhere from the location. The staff was helpful and friendly. This will be a place we definitely come back to.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChicagoSouthsider
<Content>Hotel Mayfair in Paris is a real gem! This is a fabulous Right Bank hotel with superior service and a client-centered front office staff. The breakfast offered is very good, and the wait service is exceptional. It feels like home, which is a very comforting sense when one is abroad and rather sleep-deprived upon arrival! The rooms have had a recent updating, and are lovely. You cannot go wrong spending your Parisian vacation days at this fine hotel.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>Alexandr
<Content>Convenient hotel in great location       View from the window  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>womanofacertainage
<Content>Forget fears of Parisian "attitude"! We stayed at the Mayfair last week and enjoyed it very much. The staff could not have been more helpful and pleasant and the location allowed walking to every destination of interest. The rooms were good sized and spotless. There was no noise from outside or inside the hotel to disturb. In essence, our time at the Mayfair was like a trip to family in Paris...and it doesn't get better than that!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mkhmiller
<Content>Needs a facelift Just returned from 2 nights at The Mayfair with our family of 5. We had 2 rooms. The location was great - near the Louvre and the Metro. The lobby and main floor were very nicely appointed but once you went upstairs the the rest of the floors need to be renovated. The rooms and bathrooms were large, by French standards, and very clean. But everything - furniture, carpet, walls, bathroom tile, etc. is long overdue for an upgrade. The staff was very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>GinaCalifornia
<Content>Good service/staff, very hard mattress We stayed at the Mayfair for 3 nights in mid-May. We ended up getting a Visite pass and took the RER/Metro from CDG. Very easy if you are fit and can carry your bags up and down all the stairs. It was about a 5 minute walk from the Concorde metro station to the hotel. I also strongly recommend getting a museum pass - it saved us tons of time not having to wait in lines and is a good value if you expect to see a bunch of sights.Back to the Mayfair - the staff were very friendly and welcoming - despite our poor French language skills. We skipped breakfast - 20 EU per person was ridiculous. They had English language newspapers off the lobby every day which was nice.Location was fine if this is a first trip to Paris (it wasn't for us) - Rue de Rivoli is just too touristy for us - next time we will stay near Ille St Louis or somewhere with some more character and some local markets and bakeries nearby. We did have a great early morning jog to Plaza de Concorde, down Champs de Lysee (pardon spelling errors!) to Arch de Triumphe and down the Seine. Also, being near the Concorde metro station was very convenient - we traveled all over and never had more than 2 transfers per trip. On the negative side, the beds were hard as boards - very uncomfortable. We did have a nice quiet room which faced the inside courtyard - I would definitely recommend that. all in all, it was fine but I do not think it was worth the $310 US per day in comparison to some other hotels we saw in different areas. We did have some difficulty with our safe- the directions for setting the code had been translated into English incorrectly - we hand wrote the corrections ourselves (after hotel security came up to help reset it for us) - so hopefully future guests won't meet the same fate.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>ILOVEPARIS2
<Content>Great Location Friendly Service TERRIBLE COFFEE I had the pleasure of staying at the Mayfair at the end of a two week visit to Venice and Paris. I only spent one night but the most impressive aspect of the Mayfair is the Customer Service. Lori and the entire daytime staff treated me like an old friend. Lovely large bathroom with towel warmer and big deep bathtub. After 2 weeks of cold weather and dashing about it was a welcome relief to take a long leisurely bubble bath. There were nice bath products as well as a vanity area. The bed was a little hard but the room was spacious and lobby was charming. There is nothing that hasn't been said about the location. It's fabulous. And again the daytime staff was beyond reproach. Adorable Christmas Tree in the reception area. Very personalized services by day staff in every way. Even an umbrella stand full of nice large umbrellas available for guests. A really nice touch. The staff, particulary Lori, went out of their way. BUT:EXCEPTION: The late night auditor who was on duty the evening of December 30-very unpleasant and when I asked to purchase a 30 minute Internet Access Card he told me that all he had left were 1 hour cards. A ridiculous inconvenience and expense. I was the only one using the Business Center that night. In my opinion they should NEVER be conveniently OUT of 30 minute Access Cards.TERRIBLE COFFEE AT BREAKFAST: The most important part of my breakfast is always the coffe. The Mayfairs COFFEE IS TERRIBLE. UNDRINKABLE. I've had coffee and that is not coffee. It's a weak, dishwater messy concoction they CALL coffee. I had better coffee on the overnight Artesian Night Train from Venice. Since nobody could unintentionally make coffee that bad I came to the conclusion that the Mayfair must INTEND for it to be that bad so you don't want more. Truly terrible.MINI BAR: Prices for items in the mini bar were reasonable enough; however, there was no posting in the room OF those prices and there should be. I don't mind paying for these things when I am on vacation but what I do NOT like are surprises and the feeling that there is no full disclosure. Let's face it if you want/need a Perrier at 1AM you're going to take it from the mini bar and I loved the selection and convenience. but what I do NOT like is the feeling that something re: the prices is not properly being disclosed.Thank you for reading my review.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>NestorLosAngeles
<Content>A Friendly Hotel and Nice People We went to Paris this Dec. 2006 for Christmas vacation and we stayed at the Hotel Mayfair.We enjoyed our stay in this hotel, all the staff are very friendly and they speak good english, they are so accomodating and they will even tell you where to go for good food and shopping. You should try the seafood restaurant around the corner and Angelina cafe for breakfast. We loved the food in Paris they are so delicous. When we first walked to our room the first thing we noticed was the beautiful big bathroom they have. The bathtub was huge and very clean. I would recommend to anyone to stay in this hotel. Our hotel is smack right in the middle of all the tourist spots like the Louvre, Shopping District and more they are all just walking distance away.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NicChicTN
<Content>Nice romantic place My husband  I stayed here 5 nights for our honeymoon. We loved the location as we walked almost everywhere. Our room was spacious and on an upper floor so very private. My husband saw the blue toile wallpaper before we left and said I hope we don't get that room. Well of course we did (ha!) But ended up loving it. Breakfast was good and staff was very helpful.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>vuphan5
<Content>Beautiful Location! Friendly Staff booked entire family/friends through airfrace-holidays to visit my sister. Some of us didn't eat stuff on full buffet breakfast even though lady told us that it was included, because of all the warnings from tripadvisor - but none of us (7 people) were charged the extra 6 euros - even those who ate fruit, meat  cheese. Maybe because of the loud construction going on during the day and phones in the entire building being out for the first 3 days of our stay. The hotel is clean, safe area, and wireless internet works and they didn't overcharge. The hotel staff was super friendly and accomodating (not so common among Parisians from my experience). Cafe L'Imperial on the corner is really good, reasonably-priced place to eat. Also the cafe a bock down on rue de rivoli on the way toward rue de cambon metro stop has really good cafe americana,  try chocolate fondant dessert. Central to different districts for boutique or mall shopping/sightseeing and you can even walk to most areas. If I were to visit Paris again I would definitely stay here.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>caverunlake
<Content>Really nice hotel! We stayed at the Mayfair for 6 nights in Sept., thought it was excellent and would definitely stay there again. It has a very central location, an extremely pleasant staff, and is a most comfortable, enjoyable place to stay.The staff is friendly, helpful, and quite capable in English (the woman who checked us in, and the woman in the breakfast area were especially nice). Everything was handled fine including checking in and out, billing, wake-up calls, etc. The public areas were well decorated, with high ceilings and a kind of classic look. Everything was very clean, and well - polished. The hotel is relatively small and everything is relaxed and reasonably personal.Two elevators are available for the 5-6 floors. The modern elevator is sufficiently large - the other elevator is an old-fashioned circular wooden one about large enough for 1-2 people and which my wife always enjoyed using. The weather forecast is posted each day by the large elevator on the ground floor. Umbrellas ( if needed ) are available near the front desk. USA Today was available on the way to the dining area.A locked, luggage-storage room near reception is available for early arrivees ( which we were ). We liked our room. There was sufficient space, plenty of storage, and everything worked fine including the safe, TV, AC, hair dryer, hot water, shower, etc. The room was attractively decorated and furnished, and our king-sized bed was very comforable - we slept great as the hotel was quite quiet. We had requested via email for a nonsmoking room facing the street and that is what we got. Also had a small balcony large enough to hold some containers of geraniums ( this was on the 3rd floor ).The bathroom was reasonably large and housekeeping kept everything well maintained.There was a built-in adaptor for an American-style electric shaver. The showerhead could either be positioned as usual or be handheld as a spray. Everything was fairly normal, though it was an above-average step out of the tub, and although there was always plenty of fresh towels there was no sign of washclothes ( probably it's bring your own if you can't do without ). Next to the shower-bath, is a retractable  clothesline which can be pulled out and attached to the opposite wall.One is expected to leave the room key at the front desk on each leaving of the hotel which is no big deal - one less thing to carry around all day and it probably helps with security.Our package came with the continental breakfast which we used every day and thought was convenient and satisfactory - my wife thought the hot chocolate was very good. The continental and full buffets were both located at the same serving  table, but it's easy enough to differientiate the two, since they are very adequately described on the menu at every table and the hostess also explains it. All in all, it was a very comfortable and enjoyable place to stay, in a perfect location for convenience and sightseeing.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dandbear
<Content>Oh-la-la la-la! The Mayfair is tr猫s magnifique Our family stayed at the Mayfair for four nights at the beginning of August as part of a two-week Europe vacation booked on go-today. There were eight of us and we occupied four rooms. The staff was friendly and helpful at every turn. Some in our group had basic French, however, all staff were able and willing to speak with guests in English. Each of our four rooms (a combination of double twin and king bedded rooms) were classically decorated, comfortable, and super clean. The high step into the bath tub was a bit of a challenge for one of our travelers who is in her 80s - but that should be anyone's biggest issue would be a blessing. The common areas are also well decorated and clean. They are limited in size as the hotel itself is plut么t petit. The continental breakfast was bountiful. We were careful about avoiding the meats and cheese from reading other reviews and upon check-in the desk clerk did explain this little quirk. The hotel even has a business centre with reasonable access fees via a pre-paid card system purchased from the front desk. As for location - well, as they say in real estate location is everything and this is a tremendous place to be when visiting Paris for your first or fifty-first time. Quick walk to the Metro and many other places you just have to visit while in the city including Le Louvre, Op茅ra National de Paris, the Champs-脡lys茅es and almost everything else!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HSG
<Content>Loved the Mayfair! My wife and I visited Paris for the first time 27 years ago and stayed at the Mayfair Hotel. We loved it then and have always wanted to return. Over the years we've been back to Paris a number of times for business but have stayed at large hotels such as the Meridian and Concorde Lafayette. Finally, when we planned to take our 16 year old granddaughter to Paris for the first time, we booked the Mayfair because we wanted her to enjoy an authentic Parisian experience. We were not disappointed! Although the hotel has been refurbished since our last stay, it still had the same small, intimate feeling but with a number of added modern conveniences (a bigger elevator and a business center to access the Internet). We stayed in a junior suite consisting of two rooms, one with a double bed the other with a sofa bed. The staff was helpful and friendly. The front desk provided recommendations for restaurants in the area that we tried and enjoyed (try Le Souffl茅, it was great!). The location is perfect, within walking distance to the Louve, Tuileries, Notre Dame and the Champs-Elysees. The hotel is just off Rue de Rivoli which is lined with restaurants and shops. A Metro station, which we used extensively, is a short walk from the hotel.  The Mayfair was the perfect place to stay to introduce Paris to my granddaughter as it was for us 27 years ago.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VirginaGal
<Content>Nice place to stay! Great location We stayed in this small, but nice hotel for 5 nights in May. The staff was excellent. Everyone we encountered at the hotel was extremely friendly, helpful and always asked us how our day was. Although they offer internet service at the hotel for a fee, they were willing to give us printed directions to a less expensive internet caf茅 (4 Euro for 30 minutes) within a 10 minute walking distance of the hotel. The location was ideal for using the Metro and the L鈥橭pen Tour Bus, which takes you throughout the city. The room definitely showed its age, but it was not overly small. We requested a room with two twin beds. The beds were rolled together to look like a queen bed. However, it was no problem to roll them apart each evening. The exterior of the television was falling apart, but the sound and quality of the picture were fine. CNN and MTV were the only English channels I can recall. The newspaper USA Today was in the lobby each morning. The bathroom was surprisingly large and included towel warmers. There are two elevators which are both extremely small and slow. If you are claustrophobic or are in a hurry, then you may want to use the stairs instead. We encountered our only language barrier with the staff in trying to obtain washcloths each day. The cleaning crew did not always take out dirty towels or the washcloths nor provide clean water glasses. They did return each evening to turn down the beds. The lady in the restaurant was wonderful and by our last day she knew what we wanted before we asked. I know that everyone has something to say about the breakfast and I agree with them all. Unlike some previous pictures and reviews indicated, the items were NOT clearly marked and the food arrangement made it very difficult to discern exactly what was or was not included in the continental breakfast. We read the description on the continental breakfast very carefully upon check-in and it was breads, jam, hot drinks and juice. Don鈥檛 even think about taking anything else. Be careful of this though. On our last morning there was a gentleman that we had not seen working there before and he told the desk that we had the buffet, which was inaccurate. Luckily for us, when I went to check-out the receptionist knew us very well and thought this had sounded strange for us, as we had been very careful in sticking to the continental breakfast. When I confirmed that we had only had our usual breads/jam and hot chocolate she took it off our bill. So lesson to this-make sure you stick to the plan and ask if things are included in the continental breakfast BEFORE you put it on your plate. You may also want to check prior to going out for the day to see if you had been charged for any items. By the way, the hot chocolate is very good. Places to eat-we ate in the hotel restaurant one evening. Although there were only four of us dining that evening, the food preparation was relatively slow. The croque-monsieur came with a side salad and cost 5 Euro. Le Souffle is located near the hotel. It was approximately 15 euro per souffl茅. The cheese souffl茅 was okay and filling. There is also a Chinese restaurant near the hotel which was okay. The prices were around 15 euro for a main meat dish and a side of fried rice. Be aware that they told us tip was not included but our hotel concierge told us every one always includes the tip in the price! Would also recommend the caf茅 in Musee D鈥橭rsay, most entrees were around 10 Euro, and there is a McDonald鈥檚 between the hotel and the Louvre, which is open much later than most restaurants in the vicinity. As for treating Americans nicely, again I had both experiences-some were nice and some were not and I tried to speak French. Advice-don鈥檛 take it personally.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Reditogo
<Content>Lovely hotel       Mayfair Hotel  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Enjoyed the Mayfair! My boyfriend and I spent 6 nights at the Mayfair last week. This was my first time in Paris and we were there for a sight seeing vacation. I travel alot for work and have seen all kinds of hotels, the Mayfair proved to be a great experience. The location was perfect. We were right in the center of everything. Walking distance from great restruants, really close to the Metro and everything else Paris had to offer. We had no problem finding the hotel. We used the map on their website and took the train from CDG in to the Concord stop on the metro and walked two blocks down Rue du Rivoli. We arrived around 11am and weren't able to check in, but requested a room with a balcony, left our bags and went off to get some food. They told us to come back around 1pm at which time our room was ready to go.Room- I was shocked at the size...in a really good way. I was expecting a european sized room. Something along the lines of an NYC palce. But by those standards, it was huge. We didn't have a suite, just a double room. We were in room 33 with a balcony overlooking the street. Two sinks in the bathroom, a full tub and great water pressure in the shower. Everything was really clean. The beds were just fine (I'd read some reveiws saying they were hard. My boyfriend really likes soft beds and he had no problem). The AC was a blessing in June. Plenty of closet and drawer space for long term stays. We didn't watch any TV while we were there, but it worked just fine. The hairdyer was in good condition, as was the safe. Don't forget to bring an adaptor. The one thing they didn't have was an alarm clock. But the wakeup calls were always on time and actually made by a person at the front desk. On the down side, we did end up in a room with two smallish double beds. The kind that are just a bit too small for two people, but we pushed them together and everything was fine. We liked the balcony too much to ask to be moved :-). Food- I'd done my research before hand and read the reveiws about the continental breakfast concern. Here's the Real Deal. When you go down the first day, simply ask the very very sweet woman who works the breakfast room to show you what part of the spread is for the Continental Breakfast (which tends to be included in many stays). Her english is OK and you'll get the point. It's basically all you can eat crossionts, rolls, yogurt, toast, jam, coffee, tea, hot cocoa and fruit juice. But it can get confusing since it isn't labeled. If you stray into the cheese, dried and fresh fruit or meats, you will be charge an extra 6 euros. The Continental Breakfast is listed as 14 euro and the full buffett is 20. And they will see if you take something you shouldn't. There's also a list on each table about what comes with everything. It was more than enough to get you going for the day. Hot Cocoa was homemade goodness and the juice was fresh squeezed. Service- The day time front desk staff was great. By then end of the 3rd day they knew us and handed us the keys when we came back for the day. BTW, great idea of theres to keep the key while you are out and about so you don't get locked out. The night time guy was fine. If you get back late (after like midnight) don't panic if the door is closed, just buzz and they will let you in. We felt totally safe in the hotel. Overall- If you are looking for a place in a funky, fun neighborhood, don't stay here. Try the latin quarter. But the location is perfect for people who want to see all the major sights. We really loved it.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, not great Were there for only one night. The room was of adequate size and nicely furnished for the price (250 Euros, including buffet breakfast), but the bed was quite hard.The bathroom good enough. The buffet breakfast was only mediocre, with poor coffee, and had we been charged seperately for it (20 euro) I would have been very unhappy. The staff was excellent, and very helpfull. Location is suburb. A decent value for the location, but I think one can do better.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BloomDiva
<Content>Great Value in the 1st - the Center of Civilization! We visited Paris in September '05 and stayed at the Hotel Mayfair in the 1st Arrd. for 8 days. Our room was modest, but clean and comfortable and the staff were a complete delight. The continental breakfast was just enough to get us up and going (lovely little pastries and good espresso) until our mid morning snack at one of the millions of outdoor cafes. We had a room with a window facing the street. There was a beautiful widow box full of flowers on our window and the windows open up so you can get fresh air and take in the sounds of being in Paris. Charming! The closet was small, but had shelving that was great for folded clothes and shoes (take good walking ones!!). We would stay there again. The French require a relationship of some sort to base their interaction with you on. By the end of the week we were hugging and kissing (one on each cheek for course) when we left. Be respectful of them and their country, language and culture, and you will find them generous, warm and witty. The location is fabulous - close to everything (the Louve, Musee D'Orsay, Tuilleries, the underground train station, the Champs-Elysees). We ate our first meal at L'Imperial which is the brassurie at the corner on Rue De Rivoli - it became our place as we ate there about 6 times for variouos meals, snacks or coffee through the week - we loved it. Again the staff were great and the food was as good as any we found - you could order same thing and have it taste slightly different from the day before - truely made fresh. The decore was elegant,but comfortable - highly recommend.All in all, I found Paris was so much more than I had imagined - I am in love and will be back hopefully on a fairly regular basis.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed our stay at the Mayfair We had planned our trip to Paris for quite a while. We read all of the reviews, so we felt that we knew what to expect from the hotel. We were very pleased with every aspect of our stay. We chose not to include breakfast, mostly because we wanted to explore the City as much as we could duing our weeklong visit. The staff was very friendly. They assisted us with dinner reservations, ordered tickets for a special exhibit and gave us ideas for some neighborhoods to explore for dinner. Our room was more than we expected, based on other reviews and general ideas about European hotel rooms. We requested a non-smoking, twin beds room facing the street. We found our room to be bigger than we expected and very clean. We even had two windows that opened, one of which had a very small balcony. Our bathroom was clean and had the nice feature of heated towel racks (that get turned on only during the night). The two bottles of shampoo and soaps were more than sufficient for us to last the week, and we showered/bathed sometimes twice a day, after walking a lot! We never turned on the TV, but did use the mini-fridge to cool our water bottles that we carried every day and for fruit that we would buy each afternoon to enjoy the next morning. Our room safe worked fine and between the free standing dresser and the shelves that encompassed half of the closet, we had plenty of space for our clothes, etc.The location of the Mayfair is excellent. It is close to two Metro stops (besides your feet, the best way to get around the city). It is walking distance to the Jarden de Tuileries, Place de la Concorde, Musee d'Orsay, National Art Museum - even the Louvre, if you are a walker. Please note, that the location is in the heart of the business district, not a neighborhood, so you need to branch out a bit before you'll start finding the small, affordable shops to buy fresh pastry, fruit, etc. We are from Illinois, and I would compare the Mayfair location to staying in the Chicago Loop/Michigan Ave area, as opposed to staying in the Lincoln Park neighborhood.We found two excellent restaurants just at the end of the block from the Hotel. We went to Indochin and Le Souffle. Indochin has Asian food - mostly Vietnamese  Cambodian. It was very affordable and we enjoyed our meals. Le Souffle was expensive, but a great experience. You could concievably have a souffle for appetizer, dinner  dessert. I stuck to a traditional meal, followed by a chocolate souffle to die for!We've been asked repeatedly since our visit how we were treated by the French people - the perception is that the French do not like Americans. We did not find that to be true. As I said earlier, the staff was very nice, but we found that to be the case everywhere we went during our stay. I did see others not treated as well, but we knew to always say bonjour when we entered any business. We wore nice clothing, we did not wear tennis shoes/athletic clothing/warm up suits, etc. We also attempted to speak French - rather than just pointing at something on the menu, we would say it (probably questionable pronunciation). We found that whoever we were talking to would politely wait for us to fumble through, then would patiently correct us, or laugh with us and respond in English.I think that anywhere you go in the world, if you know how to say hello, goodbye, please and thank you, your stay will be more enjoyable.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fantastic location, disappointing room My husband, my three year old son and I spent 2 nights in this hotel last weekend and have mixed views about it. It is in a fantastic location, very close to the Louvre, Place de la Concorde and l'Avenue des Champs Elysees. We were able to walk everywhere all weekend and being opposite the Tuileries Gardens was great with a lively three year old who needed entertainment!The initial entrance to the hotel was very nice; clean, pleasant decor and very friendly staff who seemed genuine and welcoming. We had to have a suite because of the extra bed required for a child and were given a special Internet offer of 266 Euros a night (not including breakfast), rather than the normal rate of 380 Euros. I felt that this room was grossly overpriced as the bed was small and extremely uncomfortable and the overall state of the room was not worthy of a 4 star rating. The bathroom was clean and perfectly adequate and there was sufficient storage space.The hotel is very close (literally a 2 minute walk, at 28 Rue du Mont Thabor) to a fantastic bistro restaurant called L'Ardoise, which we would thoroughly recommend. The food here was amazing and reasonably priced.My overall feeling about the hotel was that it was priced purely on the location rather than quality and I would not choose to stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>amazing location  I went for a small vacation in Paris and booked at the Mayfair. The hotel is ideally situated if you're there to visit the city. In a quiet street off the Rivoli street and the Tuileries FGardens. 5 minutes from the Concorde and the Champs Elys茅es on one side, and the Louvre the Place Vendome and the Opera on the other.The hotel is a small charming hotel. it feels very exclusive. The staff is very welcoming and professionnal, though not numerous (that's Paris after all !)The rooms are very nice (they don't feel old) and stylish (I had a room on the 6th floor)The price is very good for the above. In short, an excellent souvenir. Will go back there soon.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Mayfair We enjoyed our stay at the Mayfair.Our room on the fifth floor was very nice with abalcony, and the bathroom was very spacious.The staff couldn't be nicer.We look forward to returning.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BillsFanVA
<Content>Very nice, but Stayed here May 18-25, 2006. I had read the reviews previously posted before leaving, so I was informed about the potential for a breakfast rip-off. And, sure enough, there it was. Our breakfast arrangements were confirmed in email as being inclusive in the room rate, but upon checkout, there were a host of charges on my bill for the breakfast buffet with some pretty outrageous prices at that buffet. After some intense bickering with the desk clerk the night before we left, he agreed to reduce the charge to 12euros/day (for my wife and I). I was just too tired to argue for a complete removal of all breakfast charges. Mind you, this charge was for basically coffee, croissants, bread, and juice. All in all, I thought even 12E was a rip-off, but it just wasn't worth nitpicking over. There is something funky about this whole breakfast operation that I don't get. My wife thought that maybe alot of their business is from business people who don't really care what the charges are; they just pay them and go and don't give it a second thought. Who knows? The wait staff always seem to be taking notes furiously -- about what, who knows. I guess if you are on the limited plan and they see you swiping a piece of cheese, you're nailed.Now, that that said, we found this to be a great hotel. The staff could not have been nicer to us, the room was beautiful and large, the bathroom big and clean -- just a wonderful place to stay. The location, as noted by others, is excellent, once you get the lay of the land. We relied a lot on the Metro once we got familiar with the city. Forget about the French or the Parisians as turning their noses on Americans. In each and every situation we encountered nothing but wonderful, friendly people. Try the cafe on the corner on Rivoli. GREAT food and super friendly wait staff.All in all I would heartily recommend this hotel to anyone, any time, based on our experiences. Just watch your wallet when you leave. Maybe a way around that would be to settle the issue up front, verbally. I wish I had done that, but then, at check-in we were pretty jet lagged, and who's sharp when they're jet lagged?Thank you Mayfair. We hope to be back some day!!!  
<Date>May 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Hotel We spent a great time in the Mayfair Paris. Nice location, great staff, our room was clean and nice. The room size is a bit larger than the standard double room size in Paris. I think you get a better feel for a city and for the essence of Europe in general when you stay in a small and charming hotel like this one. A place to remember for our next trip to Paris...this summer!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIP OFF DON'T BOTHER, PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU GO!! This was my first visit to Paris and the city was GORGEOUS the people were a little uptight but I'd ignore that to steal a moment of their VIEWS!!. This Hotel however is a rip off.We were told Breakfast was Included and had no idea that the bowl of cereal we had was an Extra 8.00 EUROS@!! We were never told this until we checked out.The beds were HARD AS ROCK, The staff was decent but for what we paid we were expecting ...no we EASILY could have stayed in a better hotel.I would compare it to a Small Holiday Inn in Des Moines Iowa.Overall a 1 out of 5 stars..Only their rooms are twice as big.P.S. If you can go to London right after , WOW what a FUN City!!!London BLEW away Paris if you can only go to one. TRUST ME 100 PERCENT CHOOSE.London, better food, Better hotels, better SERVICE , Better EVERYTHING.The Pubs, Views, SHOPPING, it had it all. I'm so glad we ended our trip there.By the way we kind of know what were talking about we both work at the Paris here in Las Vegas.Take care and Happy Travels. Oh I almost forgot my wife told me to mention we ordered Cheese sandwiches for dinner becuase we we tired and didn't want to go out.We had 4 between the 4 of us and 2 coffees. The sandwich was 2 pieces of dry toast with a slice of cheese.total bill 42.00 EUROS!! Location was good I'll give it that.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>bhutan02
<Content>Great location, tiny room Charming little hotel in great location near Tuileries, Louvre, D'orsay, Place Vendome. Small but well appointed public areas; adequate but not terrific breakfast buffet; pleasant, helpful staff. The tiniest hotel room ever--a garret really. Up with the pigeons. Nice bath, but to get in and out of the bedroom, one had to turn sideways past the bureau.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We loved this charming hotel! This was our first trip to Paris and the Mayfair Hotel had come highly recommended to us. We were delighted. The location is excellent and within a pleasant walk to Arc de Triomph, Louvre, Musee d'Orsay. The hotel is situated just off Rue de Rivoli which has pleasant under-cover shopping (both souvenir shops and boutiques and upscale hotels and restaurants, casual cafes, brasseries and two bookstores, one of which is totally English. You can actually see the Eiffel Tower from this location. Watch it sparkle on the hour at night! There is a small dining room for continental breakfast (watch what comes with the room and what does not). They will serve sandwiches, salads, omelets, soup in the dining room or in your room. The staff here is excellent!! (Meet Eric at the front desk who is extremely helpful). The hotel and room were spotless. If you use an international calling card which we did, be aware that the hotel will also charge access fees. Since we are not world travelers this came as a surprise. Just know this in advance. All in all, this hotel made our first trip to Paris all the more wonderful. When we return it will be to The Mayfair Hotel!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>aldc
<Content>Adequate Accomodations in a Good Location       Our Room, 12A  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SWtravelor
<Content>2 weeks at the Mayfair Just got back from 2 weeks in Paris where we stayed at the Mayfair. I had read all the reviews carefully before hand. The staff is very nice and helpful. They have you sign a paper when you check in that states what is included in the free continental breakfast but most people are probably too tired after a long trip to pay much attention. I then confirmed it with the dining room staff on the first morning and was never charged for anything. Usually the hotels I stay at include breakfast or not and don't have such a confusing system. Room OK (asked for one facing an inside couryard to cut down on noise), only one English TV station (CNN). This may be important for those with kids.The hardest bed I have ever encountered. Had problems sleeping on it for long periods of time. Location is great but would have felt ripped off if it were not for the GO Today special. Was overall OK but would not choose it again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>paulde
<Content>Average - just average Checked out this place on the strength of the reviews posted here, and have to confess that I was a little disappointed. I'm sure they have nice rooms but ours was distinctly pokey, and overlooking an oh-so-French back alley to boot. Comfy enough but no coffee/tea making facilities which seems to be an increasing trend - personally I'd skip the mini bar for a caffine shot on arrival. I had breakfast out since I can't stand haggling over what is/isn't included, but a glance at the offerings suggested that I wasn't missing much. Nice area and location and all that, but if you're planning a romantic weekend personally I'd go elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boutique hotel, centrally located Spent a week in this hotel over New Years and thoroughly enjoyed the ambience, the staff, and the location. Didn't eat dinner there, but did have some soup one day, which was quite tasty. The service was very good and the entire staff was extremely gracious to someone who came down with influenza during his stay. The continental breakfast was included and a nice bonus. Put it this way: I'll stay there again because the people were so friendly.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch their breakfast! I had read the comments of other reviewers so was very cautious about instructions about what EXACTLY was on the included meal. I thought I had it all figured out until I went to check out and was told I owed another $80 for the extras I had taken. Where as I understood that the cold cereal was included, I was informed that I was wrong. Those two tablespoons of cereal cost me $8.00 each and every time. If I had realized that I was into the extras, I would have eaten the sliced ham, cheese and fresh strawberries. They would not listen to any comments from me!!As the only positive, the location is perfect for walking to most all sights.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ooh la la Hotel Mayfair My wife and I spent ten thoroughly sublime nights at the Hotel Mayfair. Our room was large, cozy, immaculately clean, huge bath, and had a stunning view of the Jardin des Tuileries from the balcony. Its closeness to nearby rue St-Honor茅 with all of its shops, cafes and convenience stores was ace after a day of drifting through central Paris, which is right at the Mayfair's doorstep. The Continental breakfast (it doesn't take a lot of effort to delineate this from a full breakfast) was just the treat before museums, etc. and then lunch out.All of the staff were exceedingly charming and helpful, especially Sandrine and Beatrice at the desk.In a way I hope I don't inspire the same reaction from too many others, as I don't want the Mayfair to become due for a revival any time soon. I want it to stay one of the City of Light's better kept secrets!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DetroitAlicia
<Content>Beware of the Mayfair We recently stayed at the Hotel Mayfair in the 1st Arondissement. Great location, near the famous Rue de Rivoli with many shops; high end and affordable souvenir shops. You can walk to Place de la Concorde. It is also near the Louvre museum and close to two Metro stops. It was a very cozy, friendly hotel with spacious rooms. However we were forced to leave with a bad taste in our mouth when we discovered extra charges on our bill for Breakfasts! They tell you that you get a continental breakfast everyday, which is included, but we were charged 54 Euros for taking supplements from the breakfast table that WASN'T designated continental. It was an easy mistake, because all four of us who traveled together were surprised by these charges on our bills and had no idea we were being charged an additional $6 each day that we took something off of the 'other' table. They did not reverse the charges when explained that we didn't know that taking a cheese from the other table would cost us 6 Euros! So just beware. They watch your every move in the dining room and you will be charged for even a glass of milk! This honest mistake cost me an extra $75 at check out.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SamYes
<Content>Definitely Not Worth The Price I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Mayfair hotel in Paris. I chose the hotel because I wanted a nice, upscale, smallish hotel in a ritzy area.I was disappointed for several reasons.This defintely isn't a 4 star hotel.I will list the pros and the cons for this hotel.Unfortunately, the latter far exceeded the former.The cons:1- The breakfast was a joke, worse than even some 2 star hotels. It cost 14 Euros ($18) for a jam,bread and a croissant!2 -I ordered room service on my night of arrival and waited 45 minutes for an omelette and a cheese sandwich.!3 - The cleaning service was horrible. I used shampoo and conditioner which were NOT restocked when the room was made up.I guess they thought the additional shampoo and conditioner were enough for 2 people.4 - The room was supposedly non-smoking but reeked of cigarette smoke.Also the blankets were rough and uncomfortable.5 - Their TV was only 14 and as old as time itself.6 - The hotel is exhorbitantly expensive considering how small the rooms are . It also appeared to be understaffed.The pros:1- Great location 2 minutes from the Place De La Concorde.2 - Great staff , though the manager was a little pompous.3 - The hotel does have a historical aura.I really don't want to sound whiny but I had to share my opinion because I was disapointed by my stay. For that price, I could have stayed in far superior hotels in Paris.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>BruceKR
<Content>Absolutely fantastic in every respect We just returned from a six night stay at the Hotel Mayfair with two other couple - Tres Magnifique! The staff was fantastic (tri lingual: English, French and Spanish), and was exceedingly helpful and friendly.This is a dream location for tourists who like to walk. Left bank sites like St. Chappelle, Notre Dame, and the Latin Quarter are in easy walking distance. The Louvre is right around the corner. The Opera House, Place de Vendome and other nearby attractions are also just a beautiful stroll away. There is a metro station less than 2 minutes away.The Hotel itself is very clean, with comfortable spacious rooms. It offers an excellent continental breakfast, and the additional full buffet for 5 Euros is very much worth it if you plan on a late lunch. Just down the street is a fabulous restaurant known as La Ardoise - have the Hotel make reservations for you! Their 35 euro fixed price menu is to die for...When we return, we are staying here without a doubt...  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Rockyz
<Content>Excellent This was a top notch hotel with beautiful rooms, new bathrooms and incredible staff. The location was on 3 Metro lines and easy access to taxi service at the nearby InterContinental Hotel. We enjoyed our stay at the Mayfair. Try to get a room in the front of the hotel as they are a little bigger and it's nice to look out onto the street. Other than the hotel we loved Sergeant Recruiter Restaurant on I'lle St. Louis, the Bataux Paristian Dinner Cruise, Le Duex Magots for Late afernoon drink, and the St. Germain Area for shopping and dinner.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OneRabbit
<Content>A Wonderful Hotel My parents and I stayed at the Mayfair Hotel for 5 nights in May and enjoyed it immensely. Just off of the Rue du Rivoli, the hotel is only a 5 minute walk to the Concorde Metro (and two L'Open Tour Bus stops). 10 minutes in the opposite direction was the Lourve and about 15 minutes northeast on Pyramides was a Monoprix (grocery store in the basement). The Opera and Galleries Lafayette were walkable distances away (20 mins). The rooms were spotless and large by European standards. We had a King size bed and a rollaway. It was lovely having a mini-refrig. with a freezer compartment in the room (we bought groceries and kept them in the fridge - tip: soda is EXPENSIVE in Paris at 2-4 euros a 20 ounce bottle. Buy a 1.5 liter bottle of coke at Monoprix for 1.4 euros, chill it overnight and pour it into individual bottles to take with you or fill your bottles with water and ice). We were quite comfortable because room temperature was easily adjustible and since we were on a side street, the room was very quiet and the turndown service was nice. The complimentary breakfast, while limited, was delicious. We loved the pot of creamy hot chocolate, croissants and toast in the morning! The front desk staff was very friendly and always had a smile and a Bonjour for us when we left our keys before going sightseeing and they were helpful in calling taxis for us. We had no problem with our bill (no extra charges) and there was never any question about security. We felt very safe at the Mayfair - It IS in the first arrondisement. My Mother and I (two women-one a senior) felt very safe walking to the hotel from the metro around midnight. We took a Taxi from the CDG Airport (43 Euros to the hotel). For such a good price (through go-today) we would definitely stay at the Mayfair again!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kathyj123
<Content>Great staff in an average hotel I wish I could give this hotel an excellent rating because the front desk staff was excellent, but for reasons I'll explain I can't. The pros: *Great* location, very helpful staff, bargain price. Cons: Room decor was very shabby including threadbare comforters, housekeeping could use some Tilex and a scrub brush for the tile grout as ours was full of mold, maintenance needs to take care of things like light fixtures and bathroom fans that don't work. I also learned a lotu about the objective nature of the European hotel rating system, and how a hotel with such issues can be rated as four stars. A tip: Book a room through the service of your choice, then a few days before checkng in go to the hotel's web site and see if there are any last minte room rates available. That saved us 35 euros a night.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bonehead
<Content>Friendly Staff/Great Location This is a small 53 room hotel with excellent service, friendly staff, with very clean and comfortable rooms. We had 3 adults in a triple room (me  my wife, and my sister) and it was adequate. Very quite, relaxing, with excellent security provided by the front desk staff. Centrally located just off of Rue de Rivoli within walking distance of many sights (10 minutes from the Museum Louvre, 5 minutes from Metro Concorde and Concorde Square, 10 minutes from the start of the Champs Elysees, 10 minutes from La Madeleine Catholic church, 5 minutes from Paris Vision Tours Office, and 10 minutes from the Paris Opera House). Continental breakfast was included and a full breakfast could be added for only 6 Euros (eyes, cereal, yogurt, cheese, ham, rolls, etc). Breakfast was served from 7:30am - 10:30am. Shopping on Rue de Rivoli was plentiful (wide sidewalks with stores displacing a lot of merchandise on the sidewalk). The French citizens were very polite, friendly, and willing to help us with directions. No questions were ask about the war in Iraq and only one person ask about the presidental race. We booked 3 tours with Paris Vision Tours (1/2 day to the Fontainebleau Chateau; Night tour of Paris followed by the late show at Moulin Rouge; and the full day tour at Versailles). All of the tours were excellent, but the tour to Versailles is a must and was by far the best. Our tour guide Ms. Annie Ferrero was outstanding -- her knowledge of Versailles made this tour outstanding. In addition, we had a superb lunch at a restaurant located at the end of the lake in the Versailles gardens (included in the cost of the tour). We also took in the many popular sights: Eiffel Tower, Notre Dame Cathedral, Arc de Triomphe, Rue Cler Market, Louvre Museum, boat ride on the Seine River, Pigalle Street, and finally the Sacre-Coeru Basilica. All-in-all, our 6 nights in Paris was outstanding. I would definitely recommend a Paris vacation and a stay at the Hotel Mayfair.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved This Hotel I stayed at the Mayfair Hotel 2-7 September, and could not have been happier. It's just off the Rue du Rivoli, less than a five minute walk from the Concorde Metro stop. The Louvre is 5 minutes away; d'Orsay is just across the river. The hotel only has 53 rooms, so you can expect personal attention. The staff are extremely friendly and helpful, and the room I stayed in was just perfect. There is a full bathroom (shower and bathtub), and event though the hotel is so close to tourismo central, it is on a quiet street - absolutely no street noise! You are in the 1st arrondissemente, so you're right next to plenty of restaurants, shops, etc. The Tuileries is just across the street, and an evening stroll after a long day of hiking all over the city is quite refreshing. All this for 212 euros a night. I recommend this hotel highly to anyone who wants to say in the 1st without paying 350 euros a night.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful trip I just returned from Paris and a stay in the Mayfair Hotel for 8 nights. I traveled with my mother and teenage daughter, and we very happy with the hotel. We had a triple room (number 65) which was very large, as was the bathroom. The service was absolutely wonderful, and we had no charges of any kind on our bill or problems at all while we were there. It really is in an excellent area. I would definitely stay there again on a return trip, should I be so lucky!  
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience! My husband and I just got back from a 6 night stay at the Mayfair Hotel. We had a wonderful experience there. The rooms are clean and comfortable, and the location of the hotel is excellent. We were within walking distance of most of the major sites, and there is plenty of shopping nearby. The breakfasts were delicious, and the staff were very pleasant and accomodating. Had no problems with security or false charges on our bill - overall, this is a great place to stay to explore Paris.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, friendly and a great value....... just got back from paris, and i must say that this hotel was great. the bathroom was new and a decent size. the hotel was close to the Louvre and on a quiet street. we were on the 4th floor and it was fine...however, the room was small, and the place was old and run down...i would only stay there if i got a great deal, they advertise $300 per night but you should pay no more than $100 per night...it says that the hotel is a 4 star hotel, i don't think so....but, i would definitely tell my friends to stay there for the right price, i am not planning on going to Paris again, once was enough for me, :))))  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service and Location   showReview(1687152, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(1660384, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Watch your bill and credit card!   showReview(1560352, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nancy71151
<Content>A real gem   showReview(1375247, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First class accommodation!   showReview(1089727, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snos
<Content>Excellent Hotel   showReview(986988, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay   showReview(985039, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Service   showReview(851186, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horror Story   showReview(850306, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2003
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location, Location, Location   showReview(706029, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pichi-puchi
<Content>Agradable estancia en Paris. Ubicaci贸n fantastica.       decoracion clasica parisina  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Lo mejor es la ubicacion, el...   showReview(21724187, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>FEINES HOTEL ZENTRAL GELEGEN   showReview(20552098, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TROTAMUNDOS62
<Content>Buena ubicaci贸n y excelente trato.   showReview(18752135, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut   showReview(18531740, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien, mais il manque un...   showReview(17571410, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>jesusbarca
<Content>une hotel muy pratico   showReview(15397510, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ci siamo trovati molto bene, la...   showReview(16730626, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfaite correspondance entre...   showReview(16729302, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>enbcn
<Content>Bien situado pero poco mas   showReview(14526824, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Bittorio
<Content>Bien situado... pasado de moda   showReview(7724244, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€锛掞紬鍙峰锛岄儴灞嬨伄搴?..   showReview(21801812, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銈傝壇銇忋€€銈儭銉嬨儐...   showReview(21800333, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

