<Author>TikiWanderer
<Content>Good service, great facilities True, Downtown Los Angeles is a dodgy place to stay, but if you must be in the area, Clarion is a good choice. We went to see a show in Club Nokia and chose this hotel due to its close proximity to the venue and the cheap price (I work in the travel industry and after my employee discount the price was rediculously low for an L.A accomodation). We had initially planned to walk to the venue, but the receptionists advised us against it an booked us a cab. The hotel might be old but well-maintained. Public facilities are clean and pleasant. Room was big, equipped with a TV set, refrigirator and coffee making facilites - none of which we used, but all looked clean. Bathroom was spotless, water in the shower pipping hot and with high pressure, bathroom amenities of better quality than what you find in most places. There's free parking for hotel guests, which is a great advantage. Will book there again if needed.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>2_Travel_Smart
<Content>Could be great if they cared, but Not This hotel could be wonderful but the service is terrible and the desk staff is rude when there is a legitimate issue. It is a shame because this hotel does have great amenities. Off the lobby there are shops and a restaurant which thankfully are not managed by the same people as the hotel. The hotel itself is older but seems well kept and the parking garage is a great asset in L.A.However the absent communication between the desk and housekeeping equates to dirty rooms and violations of guests peace and privacy. Worse, when these deficiencies are pointed out the staff responds with rude behavior or empty promises.My experience with this hotel began well and then went down hill. Unhappy with the location of the original hotel I had booked I called Choice Hotels for an alternate location and found this hotel. Unfortunately they were not able to complete the reservation because their computers were down and my WiFi was not working so Choice gave me the number and I called the hotel directly. The young lady who answered was very pleasant and I booked a room. Upon arrival I found a very well appointed older hotel and was pleased with the value and the service of the young lady I had spoken with who was at the desk. The service made me smile and look forward to a pleasant stay. That is until walking into the room. The door was ajar when I arrived and it became apparent the housekeeping had not completed their tasks. Pillows were missing from the bed, the linens had not all been replaced, and the room had not been vacuumed. Later I found the refrigerator had a spill which was leaking out. Seeing the condition of the room I called the desk for another but they encouraged me to stay in the room when I asked to do it later because I was running tight for an appointment and needed to take a shower and change. They offered instead to send housekeeping if I called when ready . It seems the desk never contacted housekeeping because as I stepped wearing only a towel into dressing area the housekeeper came in to the great embarrassment of both of us. She hurriedly dropped a few towels and left. While I understand her angst she never returned to finish cleaning though I again called the desk and they apologized and said the room would be made and the Manager would call me the next morning. I came back late that evening to find the room in the same state. By then food and liquid left in the fridge had begun to seep out and I used the few towels I had left. The air conditioning had been off so there was an odor. I called the desk and again they would not offer another room, nor would they provide pillows or towels and the desk clerk was very rude. He said if I did not like the room they had a satisfaction guaranteed policy and the manager would refund in the morning. Notably this never happenedThe stench in the room was unbearable so I cleaned the mess they should have then opened the window and turned the air conditioning on to ventilate and cool the room and went out so it could air. As I passed the desk the clerk was in an animated conversation with another man using colorful language. Later I returned to my room and called down for a wake up call and a late check out. No wake up call came and I missed breakfast. I woke because housekeeping walked in again though there was a Do Not Disturb on the door. The clerk had not put in my late check out. I called the desk to complain again and and had a difficult time getting a late checkout though it is a benefit of the the rewards program I belong to with the chain. They did finally give me the late checkout. Though polite at this time, and though they did acknowledge the legitimacy and seriousness of my complaint the staff said they could do nothing to assist me and I needed to talk to the manager who was off property. Later I found this was not true. I asked for housekeeping to clean my room when I went out to eat and they refused saying I was checking out that day. Apparently clean rooms are not part of staying at this hotel. After an early lunch I finally found the General Manager. He was very polite gentleman from Korea I believe and shared a few nice stories about his homeland. He said how embarrassed he was about the terrible service, though in retrospect he seemed more concerned about an unauthorized person being behind his register with the night clerk than my problems. I explained how the clerk had said rather than deal with my problem I could ask for a refund but what I had wanted was the room clean and right not the money. He did offer to refund the room but suggested as it was a business stay and really did not benefit me, he offered a return stay. He was so gracious I honestly I felt this service was an anomaly and accepted his offer.\The reason I accepted is the hotel is in a great location and the attached Japanese restaurant is outstanding. I ate there three times and enjoyed every meal and the extraordinarily good service. Sorry I cannot recall the name but if you do take the trouble to find it, try the lunch special. It mixes tempura sushi and sashimi and while not cheap is great food at a great value. There is also an unusual store there in the form of a quaint mountaineering and sportswear store. They staff there is very friendly and knowledgeable. I really enjoyed it and bought a few things.When I left I felt my visit had been a trial but fairly good about the hotel because of the graciousness of the Manager. It seemed that he would make it irght. However it was a placebo, and apparently not an effort to do the right thing. A week or two later I called seeking to give them another chance as the Manager had requested and offered. As a matter of fact I was optimistic I attempted to book a weekend which would have resulted in two paid days in addition to the one he offered. The staff was very rude. Desk Managers represented themselves as the General Manager. One woman I spoke with said yes she was aware of the problem and would offer me a minor discount off of rack rate which amounted to significantly more then either my AAA or Choice Privileges would provide me.I called Choice Hotels and they offered me a contact and finally a transfer took me to to the business office only to miss the GM. I did reach the accountant who was a nice guy and promised to give my number of the General Manager. No one called. Had I booked through Choice I would have a recourse. Unfortunately I was not able to. Needless to say I would not recommend this hotel. ---------------------  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>on-the-journey
<Content>Boutique Style Hotel near Downtown LA Some of the reviews here had me hesitant to try the Clarion.I'm glad I stayed there.The building is fairly old, but it has been updated nicely. My room had very nice bedding and furnishings.The hotel has an amazing Japanese restaurant, and is close to some other Asian restaurants as well.Probably not a great walking neighborhood after dark, but the garage has security and it felt very safe. Fairly close to the convention center and Staples Center.Only complaint was pretty minor -- there were a few ants in the bathroom.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>inflatabill
<Content>Shhh, keep this one a secret I read all the reviews, and took a chance. And I'm glad I did.I was working an event at the Nokia theater and needed to be within walking distance of the venue. The hotel is on the same street, about a mile away, which is close enough for me. OK, so the TV channel selection was limited, but I didn't go to LA to watch TV in my hotel room. It was still good enough to unwind before going to bed, and catch up on the news while drinking morning coffee. The underground parking lot was small, but the hotel's lot across the street was never full, even though the hotel was fully booked. The neighborhood wasn't Beverly Hills, but I never felt unsafe, even when walking 2 blocks to Rodeo (which I recommend) for late night Mexican food and margaritas.The room was clean and spacious, and the staff was excellent. I was there for three nights, and every time I went to the desk, they were friendly and professional and made me feel like they really cared about me. They even allowed me to check out late, after having car troubles. I will definitely stay there again. It's my new second home in downtown LA.Did I mention the staff was excellent?  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tbbunches
<Content>Great Clean Hotel for the money - Just limited tv selection We have stayed here a number of times as we are in LA quite often on business (at least 6 or 7 times since the first of the year). Beds are extremely comfortable, rooms are clean, value excellent. Only complaint is the lack of available television channels - as we stay one to two weeks at a time and are not party people the television selection is very , very limited - no ESPN, Fox News etc. Since no one else has mentioned this I'm assuming that for most this is not important . This visit we are having poor cell phone reception - have not had this problem before. We have not had bug problems - no, it isn't the Omni nor the Hilton but it a great clean hotel for the money. The staff has always been more than helpful.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>garyDLIvp
<Content>Enjoyed my stay! I was a little worried after I booked my room at this hotel and read some of the reviews on Tripadvisor. I guess that just goes to show that you can't (and shouldn't) believe everything you read.My stay was very good. I was lucky enough to reserve a king suite, which was actually two seperate rooms, a living room area and a seperate bedroom. Both rooms were quite spacious and both had a large LCD tv. I stayed at this hotel for 4 days and each day my room was cleaned to near perfection. My only suggestions would be to add a clock radio in the bedroom of the two-room suites and have maintenance change the HVAC filters. I did notice the front desk staff lacked uniforms and name tags and many of them seemed to be new employees, lacking some guest relation skills one would expect in the hospitality industry.The area is a mix of Latino and Korean cultures, but I found it to be quite interesting. There are many native restaurants in the area that served very good food. I did not see the adult porn businesses others have described and I felt quite safe walking around the area during the day and early afternoons. The hotel is only .8 tenths of a mile from the LA convention center and downtown LA. My rate was extremely lower than most of my friends rates staying in downtown at the high rise hotels. As a matter of fact I had a MUCH larger room than a friend had at the Marriott and my rate was over $100 less than his. In other words, I saved over $400 by staying a little up the road from the excitement of downtown. If I ever return to the LA area, I would not think twice about staying at the Clarion Downtown LA hotel. Thanks for making my first trip to LA a fun time.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>ReviewTeam
<Content>VERY GOOD--Will stay there again Having read the reviews on TripAdvisor, I was a bit worried about staying there. However, it was 1.5 miles /2.4 Km from Westin Bonaventure Hotel, at 404 S. Figueroa St., Los Angeles, where I was attending a convention (8/2-8/9/08). Also, I often stay at other Clarions and Comfort Inns. I took a chance and was satisfied. Though the Olympic Blvd area is a combination of Hispanic and Koreatown, the people staying there are families, business people and others on a vacation. I did not go walking in area as I used my car to get around. The Clarion Hotel Downtown, 1901 West Olympic Blvd. Los Angeles CA 90006 (213) 385-7141 is two blocks east of S. Alvarado St. It is mostly on Bonnie Brae Street. That is the entrance that you enter (or thru the parking garage). Unfortunately, there is only one marked handicapped parking space.There is some under the hotel parking (if you're early in) and the rest is across the street in a fenced parking lot which is well-lighted (your key controls gate). The parking lot is between an apartment building and another motel. And, there is a Korean church beside the hotel. There is a Korean restaurant on the corner and a Sushi restaurant beside the front entrance on West Olympic Blvid. Bonnie Brae Street is a quiet street. There is a night guard on duty in the hotel's parking garage and he has two video screens to watch the outside parking lot, the parking garage (he's right next to the indoor one), all of the halls, pool area, two large patios, lobby, etc. I felt secure.I was impressed that there were usually three hotel personnel at the front desk most times. And, the manager was nearby. It is a Korean run hotel. They are pleasant and always kind. When someone parked their car too close behind mine in the parking garage, two women from the front desk kindly directed my backing out of the space. I found the Clarion clean, nicely decorated and the beds are great for sleeping. There are two elevators for the three floors. That's nice if one is not working properly, which can happen anywhere.My room had a wide screen tv [although, not all rooms have wide screens], a 1100 watt microwave with a turntable, an excellent refrigerator, coffeemaker, iron  board, a gas-lift high back business chair with arm rests, a desk lamp and two phones (one on nightstand with dual lamps  AM-FM clock radio).Fortunately, they had used an extension cord that one would plug in the refrigerator and microwave or coffee maker. That way, the freezer was not iced up as it would be if it were constantly on. I wish some other motels would defrost their refrigerator's freezers! The fluorescent lamps (14 watts) need more wattage in the bulbs. They equal about 50 watts which is not enough to easily read by. 23 watts=100 watts which would be better. (Hopefully, they'll use cool white bulbs, not the warm ones, which are yellow. Note: 3500 K temperature rated bulbs are bright white without having the ultraviolet rays of full-spectrum. Those would be perfect). My room overlooked the pool area. There are some rooms with a balcony, chairs and a table overlooking the pool. There are also two other areas that have large patios with chairs and tables in a courtyard on the 2nd floor. I did have trouble connecting with a cell phone tower due to being in the pool courtyard. It is always good to carry a prepaid phone card to use with the land-line...The air filter was clean! The only complaint I have is that the heating system is central, although you can turn on/off the air conditioner which is above the entrance way in your room. Althought this was the first week of August, the nights were 67潞F/19潞C cool to cold depending upon you metabolism. I turned off the AC and the thin comforter kept me somewhat warm. The hair dryer turned on and placed on the upside down metal trash basket was my heater. And, for those who'd like some fresh air, the sliding glass window can be opened; although, there is no screen.The water from the faucet was very hot. They could turn it down 30 degrees and still satisfy everyone, while wasting less energy. Fortunately, they used a easy to figure out shower control. Throughout the Choice Hotels chain of 11 branded hotel/motels, the shower heads vary and can be confusing. I wish they would standardize them with a handle and face plate that shows blue color for cold with an increasing combo of blue  red color for warmthen, red for hot.There is no free continental breakfast. You buy your breakfast there...or elsewhere. Local calls are free and internet access is free although, the computer in the lobby is $3.00 for 30 minutes.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Steve_and_Oonagh
<Content>a great place to stay near downtown L.A. It is hard to find a good hotel near downtown L.A. that doesn't cost $300+ per night. I was pleasantly surprised to find this Clarion to be as nice as it was. Parking was easy and secure, the staff was friendly, the rooms are nicely equipped with good beds, comforters, two kinds of pillows, a quiet refrigerator, microwave and central air conditioning. The good-sized pool area was clean and the water warm. There are two courtyard sitting areas surrounded by the building. The room was quiet and the location is less than a couple of miles from downtown, Staples center and the convention center. They even have a breakfast buffet area ($7.99 per person extra). There are fountains and waterfalls in the lobby area and free, easy, fast internet access (but only in the lobby area). I recommend this hotel for families on vacation or business travelers needing a nice place to stay near downtown L.A. and the price is right, too!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>weisken
<Content>Hotel was fine Found it very hard to get quality, affordable accomodation in LA. Location wasn't great, but was handy to food/shops and a (longish) walk from down town and public transport. Hotel was clean, staff were fine, bed very comfortable and spa a nice surprise.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SantaFromNorth
<Content>The official hotel of pimps  What do you say about a hotel whose area dining options are a Subway restaurant and a Mc Donald's that isn't even open after 1 am? The area is teeming with check cashing places, used car lots, hourly rate hotels, and adult entertainment stores plus lots of Korean marquee shops that seem to be shuttered after dark. The friendly taxi driver even asked me if I really wanted to stay there  told me not to explore the neighbourhood after dark... I am starting to think my company's travel agent really has a sick sense of humour booking me here.First impressions of the hotel: the desk clerk is busy arranging the cash drawer which has about $50 in singles for 10 minutes before checking me in at 1 am in the morning (thanks to LAX making my plane loop the airport for an hour). Two dudes that could only be politely described as ripe smelling, low rent pimps were checking in after me causing the desk clerk to quicken his pace luckily. Finally after getting my room keys for my third floor room, I take the elevator up only to be greeted with that unmistakable aroma of bug bomb in the hallway.My room description. After inspecting the closet in which I had to put the closet doors back in their tracks, I notice two rather large horse flies that have infiltrated my room through the air-con vents. I handily kill them with the phone book on the desk (did I mention that the prominent ad on the cover was for bail bonds?). I leave a light on after seeing other reports on line of roaches at this hotel. The sink situated outside of the bathroom proper is clean. The bathroom proper consists of a clean toilet, stocked toiletries, and a tub with shower so small and narrow that they had to install one of those curved shower curtains in order to preserve the illusion of a normal size tub basin.The beds are spartan hard, the bedding looks like it has seen some high mileage and its better days are far behind them. The TV gets only about 10 channels. The microwave and refrigerator I do not dare use because only God knows what they were used for by the last occupant. The furniture has the light wear of Sanford  Son merchandise.The free wireless internet does not even need a hotel provided password, so actually burning the furniture and sending smoke signals to the outside world would be a faster way to communicate as probably half the neighbourhood is probably using this hotel's wi-fi as judged by its one bar signal strength and burning fast 30 Kb/s connect rate. Avoid this hotel at all costs. For what this room cost my company, I could have stayed at a much better hotel in a safer area.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>kekai922
<Content>Great Price - Nice Stay! We stayed at this hotel with much reluctance due to the reviews on this site. However I was pleasantly surprised after our first night. Hotel was reciently renovated and looks great once inside. Staff speaks many languages and was very helpful with directions to resturants, ect. PROS: Clean, quiet, inexpensive, Private secure gated parking with security guards.CONS: Small parking garage(private lot owned by hotel across the street), small bathroom, bed is not so comfertable, dresser looked a little old, not too many channels on TV, and NO free breakfast!All in all, great bang for your buck!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>JoanneLeicester
<Content>Don't do it!!!! Dreadful doesn't do it justice. Awful. Landed in LA for a stop over at the airport before commencing our tour of the Western US. Hotel is very close to 'adult' shops and the only dining in the location is Subway and MacDonalds. We arrived early evening and the reception staff were young and stood gossiping ingnoring us on arrival. No concierge's on site that I could see, lift was dismal, unclean. We were several floors up and when we arrived at our floor the doors opened to reveal trays on the floor in the corridors with half eaten dinners that had not been collected. I can only assume that due to the poor facilities most people used room service. There were trays piled on the litter bins. The room doors resembled prison doors, stark grey with peep holes. The decor was peeling, fraying, tired and dreadful. Our first night in the USA and I wanted to cry and leave. Appalling service, decor and facilities I would definately not stay again - Zero out of 10, the worst hotel I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>mcjr80
<Content>Estupendo si no fuera por la zona       El ba帽o, una pasada  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	1	3	3	3	4	

