<Author>JLove2512
<Content>i think the best hotel in florence!       hotel  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>twinsparky
<Content>Possibly the best hotel in Florence !! My wife booked a trip to Tuscany for my 30th Birthday in June... Florence and JK Place was the first port of call... We had high hopes of this hotel, and I'm happy to say JK Place exceeded them by a mile. Once you find the hotel .. not a easy task, as it's entrance doesn't jump out at you. You'll find one of the best hotels in Florence, perfectly formed in everyway.The styling of the hotel from the lobby, lounges and rooms to the roof terrace are perfect. Everything feels modern but also fitting for the location. We went for a standard room, and although not massive, was again perfectly formed, lovely high ceiling.. The bed was big  so comfy, the bathroom a good size.. If we wanted somewhere to sit and relax, drink a coffee, the lounges or roof terrace were there.Another big plus for JK Place was the staff.. Friendly helpful, don't be afraid to ask them for advice. Especially when it comes to booking some of the more popular attractions and restaurants.It looks like I have a lot to live up to when booking my wife鈥檚 30th birthday treat!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>adliv12
<Content>Loved IT! Sept 28-30,2008My wife and I stayed in many,many hotels through out Europe. This one was a pleasant surprise.The hotel is not like other chain hotels (read other reviews and check the website),it was very HIP.The staff were very plesant to deal with and very knowledgable at recommending what to see and do in priority (ie;sites,shopping locations and dinner recommendations).Location is great. It was a real pain trying to get to the hotel by car though (oneway streets and pedestian zones everywhere).Was able to get the Double Delux Room for 290 euro/night if we arrived on Sunday which worked out perfect with our plans. Room was set up as a studio appartment. Bedroom was on second floor. Bed was very comfortable (very important to me and very hard to get in Europe).At the 500-600 euro/night price you would expect this and maybe more, but if you can get this hotel at some of thier Special Offers, IT IS A NO BRAINNER!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>d0nnyj0hn
<Content>a real gem This is a gem in Florence. The reception is small but really nice, as if you are in a private home! The staff is really, really nice and they can perfectly tell you where to go to in the city. The location is also perfect. Our room was small but nothing to complaint about. The bathroom was great. In the room a big flatscreen and DVD player. Comfy beds and pillows. The library is a nice place to relax after a day walking through Florence. In one word: a gem. If you do not like big chain hotels, this is the place to be. It is expensive, but worth every penny. We will go back to JK Place Hotel when we go back to Florence.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ahmadm
<Content>Loved the J K J K was like my second home in Italy, and that was a very beautiful feeling to have when you are in a holiday away from home. From the day my husband and i arrived until the day we left it felt like we were part of this big family. The staff in J K were really just amazing and so friendly. They tried their best to recommend the best resturants to suit our flavour, style and diet as well. As i am in a gluten free diet , they made sure that every morning for breakfast i had something special for me. Moreover, for all the ladies out there shopaholics like moi, it is just in the center of all these italian brand names I just adore..J K is definetly the place to be for my next trip to Florence.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>maitaibeach
<Content>Amazing Stay We stayed at this hotel for 10 days with our family and nanny. I got to see several rooms all of them being beautiful and cozy. Our room was the two story loft style room, the other rooms were well appointed and yes kinda small. Do not forget honey you are in Europe. After all JK Place is a converted mansion. Our room was the biggest by farof the three I saw. It was pricey but we certainly felt we got our money worth. The staff were super attentive and very pleasant in helping us with places to eat and getting the trains and tours going. The breakfast was great and the lounge/ lobby area is amazing, comfortable and so well decorated. You felt as though you just stepped into a magazine photo shoot. There were a lot of little corners to relax in and you do not fell as though you were in a hotel. They have a great library to relax with after a long day of sightseeing. The rooms were clean and fairly well maintained. The bummer is that the Santa Maria Novella square is under renovation so the construction noise was a little loud in our two story room in the morning. It didn't bother me but it did my husband. There is a great yummy place around the corner serving good salads and pizza called El GRILLO. A nice pharmacy and all this (hotel) is close to the shopping street and the piazza republica. As we talked to people around town, mostly locals -everyone agreed that the hotel was one of the chicest -nicest places to stay in Florence. There are a lot of hotels in Florence, true but I think JK Place in a gem in the rough.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ErikaClements
<Content>Amo JK Place Last week my husband and I had the pleasure of staying at the JK Place in Florence for 2 nights. It looked like a great hotel on their website and the fact that it was also part of the Small Luxury Hotels of the World group also seemed reassuring when we were booking online. We are so happy we made this selection. Their hotel in the Santa Maria Novella Piazza was perfect for us as we took the train from Rome and were able to easily walk pulling our bags. We were greeted kindly by 2 members of their team who made sure we had 2 delicious complimentary cups of cappuccino followed by 2 glasses of Chianti while they prepared our room. Our room was small but perfectly laid out with a great sized bathroom, extremely soft fluffy big bath towels, a large walk in closet for our bags and clothes, safe, minibar with complimentary drinks, TV and DVD. The bed and sheets were soft and comfortable, the room quiet and the wooden window covers kept the room very dark for those who like to sleep in. The view from our room was beautiful (room 23) looking over the rooftops of Florence. Service alongside all the complimentary drinks and snacks throughout the day were just wonderful. Fantastic hospitality in a fantastic city. Gracie!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>purdueup
<Content>Fabulous in Florence We were told about this hotel by our daughter who lives in Florence and changed our reservation from another hotel. We are so glad that we did, the property is perfection. You feel as if you are staying in an elegant private home with every detail anticipated. We loved everything about it, the location, the staff, the rooms, the public areas, the breakfast, etc. Not to be missed!  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mikey47
<Content>Perfect!       4th floor plan  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cc0353
<Content>JK Place - posh hotel in a great location We stayed here for a couple nights for our honeymoon to Italy. What an amazing hotel...so lush and plush...there was a huge fruit plate waiting on our arrival, and a bottle of champagne. The room was AMAZING...great bathroom...comfy bed, plush robes...2 floors - bed and bath up and living area down. There was a window overlooking the piazza too - great view. I wished we had booked it for a longer period of time! The Concierge was very helpful too.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>waterdogbravo
<Content>I don't like deceptive hotels Last summer, I was part of a wedding group that stayed at the hotel. The rooms were nice, soda in the refrigerator type of stuff, but definitely not worth the $550/night they were charging. The rooms were VERY small for that price. And we were later told that there are TONS of nice hotels in Florence that have equal accommodations at much better prices.But, there is also a story, and the story goes:On the last day of Florence, I contacted the hotel concierge and told them I had reservations in Venice and what times do the trains leave? The concierge told me, NO more trains (or maybe she said seats) to Venice today and next train is in the morning.- Would I like to stay another night at JK Place? She asked.- I said I would call back not believing there were no more trains and I thought maybe she just didn't understand me.Just to make sure that there was no communication error, I asked a friend I was with, who speaks fluent Italian, to call the concierge at JK Place again and ask the schedule, What times do the trains for Venice leave the station? A different person answered the hotel phone and also said, NO MORE TRAINS TO VENICE, next train is in the morning. Want to stay with us another night?At this point, I was a bit upset. I had a hotel reservation for Venice that night and didn't want to lose my deposit. I also thought I made a mistake by not checking the schedule sooner. I admittedly don't travel much and don't know much about train schedules etc. But I remember being told before my trip that trains run all the time.On a hunch, I decided to go by the station on my way back to JK Place to check the schedule myself. To my surpise, There were no less than 4 more trains headed to Venice that day, with first class seating available and economy, etc. Without even a slight appearance that there were no more seats or options or no more trains that day.Could it be that JK Place wanted to try to trick the stupid American into staying another night in their $550 room?You decide... But I got on the train, that day, first class, for Venice a few hours later. So needless to say, I'm not very fond of JK Place and would not recommend staying there to anyone who appreciates trust and honesty from the staff of a small hotel.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	4	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>CaliforniaDreaminMan
<Content>Exquisite and Gracious       View from Our Room  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kridot
<Content>worth every penny! This was an absolute gem. We were a little skeptical after walking from the train station (5 mins), but this hotel is FANTASTIC! Our room (#3) was on the smaller side you never would know it. The bed was outstanding (very comfortable). Large mirrors and a walk in closet make the room seem much bigger. The bathroom was very clean and had a great setup. Downstairs was delightful! There are several seating areas where you can lounge and have coffee/tee/wine - like you are in your own living room. The staff was extremely professional and very prompt in any requests we asked them to handle.We liked this place so much we considered coming back later in our holiday. They also have a property at Capri which we have heard great things about as well.This was a fantastic choice!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Laurachef
<Content>Favorite Hotel Ever!       front of hotel..see why we missed it?  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Maishe
<Content>Great Combination of Style and Comfort       TV Lounge Area  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Obxchick
<Content>Absolutely LOVED JK Place Florence This hotel is absolutely incredible. My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon in Italy and spent 3 nights at JK Place in Florence. The hotel is beautiful and the staff are extremely friendly and attentive. It was absolutely perfect and I highly recommend staying there.The rooms are quite spacious by European standards and the lounge area is very inviting.Not one negative thing can be said about this property. If you choose to book it you will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>andrewsydney
<Content>You Cannot Want For More ... JK Place is a wonderful hotel ... the best we stayed in among 5 hotels on a 3 week euro tour. The rooms are luxurious and spacious, the common rooms are designer chic stylish with a friendly ambience, the breakfast and freshly cooked cakes avaibale through the day are delicious, but, above all, the staff are just magnificent.My wife fell ill in our time there, and the care provided was well above and beyond anything we could have expected. Apart from that, we were booked into great tours, twice at sshort notice, and everything was always done with as much grace as style. we will never forget watching Italy beat Germany in the World Cup semi final whilst at JK Place, and then watch Florence erupt as the game ended !I cannot wait to go back. It's expensive, but worth every cent.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marcello
<Content>Casual Elegance and Total Relaxation At a Great Location in Florence       Diningroom as seen from above  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jack_brenton
<Content>Honeymoon at the J.K My new wife and I were visiting Florence on our honeymoon and decided to stay at this beautiful boutique hotel on Santa Maria Novella Square in the heart of FLorence. We have been so very pleased with our decision. The hotel while small is absolutely beautiful and is immaculately kept. We stayed in a J.K Standard room #3 which was small but beautiful. If you are looking for a very large hotel room then this would be a little small but it more than suited our purposes and had a gorgeous 4 poster bed and high ceilings. The room was extremely neat and clean and contained a wonderful bathroom with an awesome double shower!the complimentary waters, pops and snacks in the room was also a very nice touch. The breakfast which was included in our rate 297 Euro per night was very nice and served in the very impresive breakfast room and the cappicunos were as one would expect for italy, amazing!The best thing about this gem of a hotel however is the staff, especially the desk staff. Angela the manager on duty when we arrived saw to our every need, as did all the other desk staff. We definitely recommend this fine hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tliker
<Content>JK Place... just the place A fantastic hotel located smack in the center of Florence. The guestrooms are beautiful, complete with plasma screen TVs, DVD players (100+ DVDs available for guests free-of-charge), designer amenities in the bathroom and rainshowers. But the reason to stay at the JK Place is the service. It has the distinct feel that you're staying in someone's very elegant, private home. Unprompted, the staff goes out of there way to make your stay as enjoyable as possible -- booking museum tickets, recommending (and booking) restaurants for lunch  dinner, recommending sights outside of Florence, looking up train schedules, etc. You will also be treated to complimentary food and drink (non-alcoholic) all day, either from your mini bar in the room or in the living room / lobby. Treats include canapes, homemade cakes, capuccino, and fruits.Overall, fantastic service, fantastic rooms, and fantastic location. Sure to impress even the most discriminating traveller.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SurreyFelix
<Content>A beautiful, relaxing oasis... an amazing place to stay and enjoy Florence       lounge  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nkingswell
<Content>You Wont Go Wrong With This Little Gem Stayed at the JK Place as part of our honeymoon. From the moment we walked in it was wow. The decoration and ambience in this place are sublime. The staff are friendly and helpful and do give very good suggestions on where to dine in Florence. They also upgraded me to there most superior suite, which cant be bad. If you choose the JK place I promise you will not be dissapointed. I have travelled extensively on business, this Hotel is unique and offers a fantastic place to stay, there are simply no negatives..  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>WorldtravelerMPLS
<Content>Worth the money. I stayed at this hotel for three nights in May and then moved over to the Hotel Lungarno for my final two nights in Florence. Both hotels have a boutique, smart classic Italian, contemporary look to them.Of these two hotels, JK Place is closer to the Central Train Station. Both are within walking distance if you have wheeled luggage. Both have several nice restaurants within walking distance. I think I was at the hotel within fifteen minutes after I got off the train. Not bad for a first time visit. Be sure to use the pedestrian tunnel that goes under the plaza by the church that is adjacent to the station.This luxury hotel has only twenty rooms and a very modest entrance. Found it easiy though.I had arrived early so my room wasn't ready. No problem. They held my luggage as expected and I wandered the city for a couple of hours. My room was accessible via a tiny elevator. No view period! No window. I had a larger than normal flat screen TV at the foot of my bed and a view of a small staircase that led to the lovely bathroom. There was a great walk-in shower that was large enough for two. This is a great luxury hotel! Lots of pillows on the bed (many Europeon hotels skimp on the pillows) and the bed lighting (for reading purposes) was better than any hotel that I stayed at in Italy.All day long there was something to nibble on in the lobby area.Loved the small fridge with the complimentary Cokes and water. I can't say enough about the staff. I don't speak a word of Italian.No problem. Most staffers have been to the USA too. Several nice conversations.Checking out was super quick as I had prepaid the bill online with an Internet travel agency. No surprise charges on my bill.As I always say in my reviews, be sure to google map your hotel(s) in relation to the train station and take a small compass with you to help get you straight.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KOHG
<Content>Loved it!       One of two lounges at JK Place.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rubento
<Content>Great Hotel for the discerning traveller! AAA+++       The Small, almost secret entrance.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Stena
<Content>Nice decor, but certainly not a home from home We had read some excellent reviews about this hotel on Trip Advisor and really wanted somewhere special for my 40th birthday. We decided to book 4 nights at JK Place and they upgraded us to a double deluxe room. Sabrina, who checked us in, was very friendly and helpful. However, throughout our stay we found a lot of the other staff rather indifferent and surly. We certainly did not feel they went out of their way to be friendly or to say hello even - which is really not what we had expected, given the many reviewers who called it a home from home. We wondered if we were missing something - but we came to the conclusion that JK Place was missing something. We have stayed in hotels all over the world, and we have found some of the larger 4-5 star hotels actually gave a more personalised service than JK Place - being more of a boutique hotel - did. The big plus points was the hotel's great central location (although the Piazza Santa Maria Novella is scruffy to say the least), but we felt it relied too much on its designer image - it felt like it was all style, but not so much substance. Another thing to mention is that we specifically asked for a quiet room and whilst the hotel made sure they put us at the back of the hotel, they did not warn us that there were renovations taking place in the building next door. We were woken by drilling at 9am on our first morning! This is something the hotel should warn guests about on their website or when they confirm the reservation. On the plus side, the free minibar (but no alcohol) and also the delicious free snacks in the lounge were a nice touch. Also, we requested a slightly later check out and they did accommodate this without a problem. One thing we could not help but notice one morning when there was much activity in the lounge and breakfast room was that it appeared some people were setting up a business presentation in the lounge area. We later questioned a member of staff who said that they do sometimes allow outside companies to hold presentations in the lounge. We were rather surprised at this, and do not think a small hotel should be using a communal guest area for commercial purposes, as guests may wish to simply lounge there during the day. Again, the staff had not mentioned to the guests that the lounge would be out of use that day.Whilst the JK Place was not the worst hotel we have ever stayed in, we did not feel it was one of our better hotel experiences, and if we do go back to Florence, we would try somewhere else next time. The d茅cor and interior are lovely, but it was just missing that extra special something.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	3	2	3	

<Author>B&TLondon
<Content>Bijou hotel with some odd rules A very enjoyable stay, as the hotel is relaxed and welcoming, and beautifully appointed. Rooms are on the small side, even the superiorones such as we had. Also very well located, being within walking distance of the river and many of the sights. One of the receptionists gave us a fairly dodgy recommendation for dinner, at a rather touristy place, but the other gave us much better recommendations to currently fashionable places where the locals eat.She also recommended shoe shops to me.The only downside was the very strange arrangement when it comes to paying for concierge-arranged tickets and trips. You are not allowed to put these expenses on the room bill and have to come come up with cash. Luckily we had enough cash, but our friends were told quite rudely to go and get cash from a machine. This seems a very inconvenient, unprofessional and unnecessary requirement.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>ErinMiller2b
<Content>Loved it!! It was our second stop out of 3 in Italy and it was the BEST! The staff was great! So helpful. The dinner at their restaurant next door was amazing! Service there was fantastic as well. The breakfastswere so yummy! Our room was a bit small, but beautiful in every way. Great bed, bedding, bathroom - everything. The roof patio was gorgeous. Wonderful spot for a late drink and romance. I loved that there were always snacks in the dining room area. The DVD selection was nice too. All in all, just a wonderful place. Also, the location can't be beat! Quiet, convenient to the train station, right in the heart of everything you want to see. Will stay there again when we go back to Florence. Don't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SailorChicky
<Content>The Best!! My husband and I stayed at JK Place over Thanksgiving 06' and what an amazing place!! From the moment we walked in we knew we had made the right choice. As it has been said before don't blink because all there is, is a small sign and 2 doors but you won't be disappointed once you get inside. Upon our arrival we were given a glass of red wine and shown into the sitting area while our room was being prepared. This area is also where you can catch up on emails, etc. with the lap top you are able to use for free. Our room was small but no complaints, the beds, linens etc. were all very comfortable (the first day we slept in till noon!). There is such a relaxed feel to this place, it's amazing!!Everything was top notch from the design, to the rooms to the services provided.. the concierge gave us some wonderful recommendations for food. This is an amazing little hotel, central to everything and we will definitely stay here again!!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>leeben
<Content>Thanks for your care My son and I had the pleasure of staying at J.K. Place in January of this year.I have travelled extensively and I found this hotel not only inspirational in its decor but exceptional in the care and service that was given by the staff.Angela thank you so much for your concern over my unforunate flu episode and the wonderful soup you made.Geseppi you are such fun and you made us feel so at home.I would recommend that if your budget allows to stay in the Master room.This is a truely beautiful room with large windows overlooking the streets below.My son loved the plasma that was a godsend due to two days bedrest.We are hoping to return to Florence same time next year and of course the only place to stay is J.K.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carlief007
<Content>Hands down, our favorite hotel I travel several times a year and have been fortunate to stay at some of the finest hotels worldwide - nothing has ever compared to JK Place. In fact, my fiance and I are in the midst of planning our honeymoon and every time we find ourselves stumped we bring up JK Place as an alternative, even though we've already been we know it would be nothing short of perfect.Our 12 day Italy trip started in Rome where we stayed at the Westin Excelsior (it lacks Italian charm as it seems to cater to Americans and the hotel was overpriced but as we spoke very little Italian we thought this would be a good landing spot for us and it was). A couple of nights there and then off to Florence we went. We made the mistake of renting a car in Rome to drive to Florence. With no speed limits posted on the autostrada and a girl convinced this was her one time to go as fast as the car would let us, by the time arriving in Florence my fiance was noticibly stressed out. We then proceeded to get lost trying to find the JK Place - with a reservation window at the Uffizi (that we had to book a month in advance) looming and then passing while still driving in circles to find the hotel. (A disclaimer: looking back on it the hotel really shouldn't have been that difficult to find - it's practically in Florence's city center - but our Italian is weak, and as Florence roads were built for horses and carriages, not vehicles, it meant most roads were one way and not necessarily laid out sensibly by today's standards. Take a train. Hire a driver. But don't drive. It's not worth the stress.) We were grumpy, stressed, irritable, you name it, by the time we finally found the hotel by accident. We pull up and are greeted by a friendly face at the front door. In Italian I ask if she speaks English to which she replies, But of course! You are at JK Place!. Music to our ears.A complete side note: Today we always joke - any time one of us asks the other if something is possible we reply But of course! You are at JK Place!. We joke about it because we heard it SO many times in just the 4 days we were there. After our stressful drive the staff managed to have us calmed and smiling again within 5 minutes. They sat us down at a desk and checked us in, asked us if they could please provide us with something to drink while they took care of getting us settled. The butler immediately brought us some pretty incredible wine (not surprising as we were in Italy, after all). We told them we had missed our Uffizi reservation and with one call they had arranged a new reservation for us. Could they recommend a restaurant for us that evening and make us a reservation, they then asked. Somewhat in shock that everything was just magically being taken care of for us, we nodded and went along with anything they offerred. After business was taken care of they escorted us to our room. A stunning boutique-style room, white and fluffy, incredibly comfy and yet stylish in look (fairly small by our American standards but one of the larger European rooms we have stayed in). Flat screen tv, huge soaking tub and a very comfortable bed. Off to a good start. The staff member escorting us then suggested we visit their rooftop and asked if she could have the butler bring us anything while we were up there. We somewhat randomly suggest a cheese plate of sorts may be nice as well as another glass or two of wine. But of course!. We head to the outdoor rooftop, plop down on a big couch and eat up the incredible city view of Florence. Within minutes there is wine, fruit, crackers and cheese in front of us.This was the common theme at JK Place. Just ask and its done in minutes time. I highly recommend talking with the concierge daily. All of his recommendations were spot on and he was able to get us reservations at restaurants that we nothing short of incredible (the best food we had in Italy was in Florence but we're convinced that's only because of JK Place's concierge).We were spoiled rotten at JK Place. Now on to the disclaimers: JK Place is a boutique hotel (sub 50 rooms, no bar or restaurant physically in the building - but there is a restaurant they own next door that opened for dinner). It's small and you feel as if you're staying at a wealthy person's mansion for the weekend. Don't expect an over the top fitness room (I don't even think they had one when we were there), lively bars, or much of anything other than personal service to die for, a good location and incredibly comfy and beautiful rooms.The restaurant next door (owned by JK Place) was always busy but we didn't love it. Also, the atmosphere was a bit stale. I highly recommend instead going with the concierge's meal recommendations, you'll never be disappointed and all were within a casual walking distance from the hotel (although staff certainly would have arranged a driver for us had they not been).Go, enjoy, you'll love it!P.S.I just read that JK Place is opening its second hotel in Italy. We're looking it up right now - without a doubt we're headed there next.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JohnRobie
<Content>The Most Beautiful Place in the Most Beautiful City Wow! What a beautiful home. And that's exactly what it is, a home not a hotel. We arrived in the evening having travelled from Rome and were greeted by our lovely host Angela and two glasses of red wine. Whilst our paperwork was being processed, we relaxed in the beautifully decorated drawing room. We loved the Helmut Newton SUMO book.Breakfast the next morning was simple and fresh and served in the charming breakfast room. The service was spot on without being intrusive and the coffee was pure bliss.Angela was just charming and helped us find a number of obscure shops which we had read about in the Financial Times 'How to Spend It'. Nothing is too much trouble.The rooms were beautifully furnished and we enjoyed the JK beauty products as well as the extensive choice of videos and cds. Nothing like watching 'The Big Chill' in the comfort of your crisp white sheets.This is a stunning 'hotel' similar in style to 7One7 in Amsterdam. We enjoyed it so much we have booked the sister hotel in Capri for Easter and plan to return again in September. Thanks Angela for making our stay so enjoyable.Ian  SuzanneLondon  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kld20191
<Content>A winner! We just returned from a stay at JK Place and were very pleased. We're picky travelers, but this hotel lived up to our expectations set by the reviews on this site. Agree that it can be difficult to locate (there's only a silverplated engraved sign on the outside to identify the hotel...no flags flying like other hotels), but this describes the simple elegance of the place. You have to ring a buzzer to get in, but this is good considering the location so close to the train station. I felt very safe. Check-in was unique, as you are greeted at a desk table. The curtains and bedding are made of sumptuous material and towels fluffy. The complimentary minibar was a nice touch...we've never heard of soft drinks and water being free. The showerhead was a rain shower. Unfortunately, there was some mold in the shower, but we found this to be present throughout Europe. We stayed here on the tail end of our vacation and were pleased to find a clean laundromat around the corner. We discovered in Italy that it's impossible to find get dry cleaning done on a Sunday, while on Saturdays they charge 30% more. Nice touches include the lighting of candles throughout the hotel (the rooms smell fresh too thanks to a plug-in deodorizer), snacks in the main hotel area, DVD collection and letter from manager welcoming us to the hotel (with a gift of chocolates).  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>spectra21
<Content>Low profile, luxurious boutique We stayed at JK Place for 3 nights during our Italy honeymoon a few months ago in late August. We loved it and considered it our favorite hotel on the trip. The hotel has a low-profile entrance that is easy to miss, but gives an exclusive feel to the place. The interior is wonderfully modern and sophisticated, attractively decorated with votives, potpourri, vases and romantic lighting throughout the hotel. I think an earlier review said this hotel has a boutique feel with hotel amenities--which I think is spot on. Julien and Francesca are very professional and friendly concierges, and provided excellent, personal service during our stay. Julien in particular provided great directions and restaurant recommendations (he always guaranteed no tourists!). We stayed in a Superior. We had gotten a good rate, having booked several months in advance, under 300 Euros. While our room was the smallest bedroom size of all the other Italian hotels we stayed in during our 2 week honeymoon, we found the luxurious, high-end furnishings at JK Place more than made up for it. There wasn't much walking room but we felt it was very intimate and posh at the same time. Of all the Italian hotels we stayed in during our trip, this one had the most comfortable bed we slept in, the softest sheets, pillows, and towels. The bathroom and walk in closet were a nice size. I enjoyed breakfast and the table/atrium we sat in, but only wished that they offered hot food. I think if they offered boiled eggs at least it would be perfect. The snacks on the banquet table throughout the day were a nice touch, and sometimes featured hot food. Great location, walking distance from the train. I recommend this hotel highly at the right price. We will stay there the next time we visit Florence, but I will try to get a suite.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>livoor
<Content>Nice Stay This place is a 4star plus!The friendlyness of the staff, the nicely decorated rooms, the nice and quiet athomsphere. The staff is very helpfull and nothing is to much.Only remark is the std and classic rooms: those are just a bit to small. JK does not have a restaurant, but the receptionist can recommend a lot of nice restaurants close-by. Florence is a beautifull city and every place of interest is in walking distance from the hotel. Do not miss David from Michelangelo in the Academia: it is better to make a reservation, reception will take care of that.We will definitely promote this place.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BCMWREW
<Content>Honeymoon 10/26/2006 You would not think ANYTHING of this hotel from the street. Once you walk in, it is beautiful. Very tastefully done. Lovely botique hotel, Francesca was very sweet. I do think the rooms are quite small for the price and the breakfast is lacking...especially, again, for what we paid. Referred us to some great restaurants, including the one next door, The Lounge, which we highly reccommend.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>torretta
<Content>my favourite       master suite  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Follymarna
<Content>A perfect oasis in Florence We stayed at JK Place in late September 2006 for our wedding in Fiesole. Some of our family and close friends stayed there as well, so it became a sort of central point of reference.The atmosphere was incredibly calming - - every time I entered the building I took a deep breath and automatically relaxed. The lounge was a wonderful place to work on the computer...really easy, fast wireless and the most comfortable couches. Every time I had to sit in there and work, I really looked forward to it. The breakfast room has one big common table in it, set below a hige skylight, which gives a really intimate yet expansive feel. It is homey, but in a good way (as in if you have a really, really, really nice home).The staff was beyond wonderful. They got to know everyone in the wedding party and family immediately, even those who weren't staying at the hotel. Once I walked past the office and heard them talking about something to do with the wedding and they mentioned a bridesmaid (who wasn't staying at the hotel) by name, one staff member reassuring the other that the bridemaid had already taken care of it. It was a LOT of people coming in and out, so I thought to myself, how are they doing this? are they taking polaroids and posting them on the wall with the names underneath?. It was incredible. The whole time, they managed to maintain the quiet, soothing atmosphere of the hotel, even with all the activity.The booking department was incredibly helpful before the wedding, double checking with us about our guests needs and giving us a chance to weigh in on what would make them the most comfortable. They stored an absurd number of items for us somewhere in the back...dresses, baskets, cases of wine...any staff member could produce any item instanteneously.On our wedding day, they kept a close watch so that the groom and I didn't run into each other. It really felt like they were part of the event in such a strong way. When I came downstairs ready to leave for the ceremony, it was like we had done it together - and we had! It was beyond good service....they really cared.I said to my husband afterwards,  can you imagine if we HADN'T stayed here?. A large hotel with impersonal service? or worse, a small one with indifferent staff? I highly recommend JK Place to anyone who needs a certain level of professionalism and service during their stay in Florence. Of course, even if you are just out taking in tourist sites and shopping (a job in itself in Florence!), I promise you that every time you walk back into the hotel through the door you will say whew!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gorettigirl
<Content>JK PLACE - The Best Place in Town! Our first trip to Florence 32 years as newlyweds lugging back packs and with little money in our pockets for three months travel in Europe found us staying in a pensione featuring bed bugs and cold showers. For our return to Florence we decided to stay in the best hotel in town - and that place is without a doubt JK Place.From the time we selected JK Place in February 2006 as our residence for an 8 day stay in Florence, we were treated like we were going to be the only guests staying in the hotel. Our travel plans were sketchy as we were not sure our children could join us until a few weeks before our trip. The staff responded to our e-mail regarding room reservations the same day and then worked with us so pleasantly and professionally to hold the room for our children until the very last minute - unfortunately they could not travel with us. Every one of our few requests were responded to with such immediacy and personal attention we thought, for the first time, this is a hotel management that understands a vacation begins before you arrive at their door - they insure that you are NOT greeted by all of the little annoyances that are standard when you check-in at a hotel - room not ready, room you booked not available, non-smoking room request not honored, etc. Ori Kafri, a young, enterprising and savvy owner, understands - it seems instinctively - how to run a small luxury hotel with an air of casualness and class that makes staying at JK Place feel welcoming, relaxing, and pampering from the time you are met at the front door by any one of their excellent staff. Heading that staff is Claudio, who knows the town and how you can live and eat among the Florentines and stay clear of the many, many, many tourists who populate most of the city. Along with Claudio Lorenzo, Sabrina, Angela, and Julien assisted us daily and they are all the definition of superior hotel professionalism - attentive to detail, thoroughly knowlegable about Florence and the environs, personable, caring and truly endearing. We are indebted to all of them for treating us with a kindness you receive from long time friends. When I left my reading glasses at a restaurant, several calls were made to discover their whereabouts, and Claudio went personally to retrieve them even though we insisted we could go ourselves.Knowing we were celebrating a sort of second honeymoon, we were treated to a surprise on our arrival, an upgrade to the master suite for our stay. Our balcony room overlooked the Piazza St. Maria Novella - even with the church masked by restoration, some renovations going on to properties in the neighborhood, and foot traffic below, the suite is quiet and comfortable and furnished in the best taste. Comments regarding the area being unsafe are unfounded. In fact JK's convenient location to the train station is a bonus as it makes travel to other Tuscan cities effortless.Although we are so pleased to offer our positive comments to support JK Place, we wish we could keep it to ourselves. However, if you, like us, want your hotel experience to be equal to all splendid treasures Florence has to offer you, then you will choose JK Place as well.Joe and Justine MedeirosWestlake Village, CA  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>aatkinson
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful I cannot say enough about my stay at JK Place. The ambience, the luxurious decor, the reception by Francesca, the hospitality were all impeccable. JK Place goes out of it's way to make sure guests feel welcome. I really felt pampered. I would go back again and again. JK Place sets the standard in service and style that all hotels should try and meet.Ann - Birmingham, Ala  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FirstTimer_RS
<Content>A nice place to call home...       Double Deluxe Room  
<Date>Oct 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	3	4	

<Author>Bebe38
<Content>Loved JK Place I've stayed here twice, both times with a group of friends. This hotel is a little gem, very chic, superb service. Rooms are not large, but they are very well done. For a splurge, book the Master Room - worth it.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CJ-JB
<Content>Perfect in every way!! We stayed in a superior room in August for our wedding anniversary and we were NOT disappointed! On arrival we were greeted by the friendly and most professional staff and invited to go relax in their luxurious seating area where we could help ourselves to drinks and snacks. We were then checked in at our leisure and were told that there was a complimentary bottle of champagne which we could have whenever it suited us (we told them on the booking it was our anniversary). We enjoyed this on our second night on the roof terrace. We were then shown to our room which we were very pleased with. We were informed that the mini-bar was free (although there was no alcohol in there!!) and we could choose CD's/DVD's from the library to enjoy in the room - really nice touch! Bathroom was extremely clean and beautiful (no bath though but we did have a huge walk in shower) big double bed with turndown on an evening, flat screen tv etc....overall this was a great hotel, in a great location and the staff went out of their way to help us, especially booking museum tickets at very short notice! Will def stay there again when we return to Florence!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dppsg
<Content>Beautiful Hotel with Wonderful Service This charming hotel is only excelled by its wonderful staff. We had a great 3 night re-introduction to Firenze after a long 25 years and could not imagine a better place to stay. We are used to luxury hotels and this met our expectations in every way. The restaurant next door is also very worthwhile (book an outside table) with excellent food and service. We're not ones for returning to places (prefer to discover) but this special place is where we will stay on our next visit to Florence.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JuleJule1
<Content>way overpriced We stayed in many great hotels in Greece and Italy. This was a fine hotel, but way overpriced. We paid almost 400 euros, got a very small room with the view of a small roof. The people there are very nice...the service was nice, but the room was the smallest we had out of five hotels. The breakfast was the least selection of all five hotels. The view was the worst out of the five hotels. The price was the most we paid for any of the hotels. I was really looking forward to this from all of the reviews but I was really disappointed. Don't get me wrong, for around 200 euros, I would have been fine, but almost 400? No Way!!! And I booked this way in advance...this was not one of those last minute things that might have cost more.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>fivetools
<Content>What Service is All About My wifey and I were in Florence taking a break from Rome. We stayed at JK Place for a couple of days and had a great stay. The Service was excellent - very friendly. The Location was convenient. The rooms were comfortable. Free soft drinks, chocolate, water and snacks in the room. Free internet. But more than anything, Claudio (the concierge), proved to me why a great Concierge can make the difference.From the email correspondence prior to our stay (assistance with museum reservations, directions, etc.) to our initial greeting (treated liked royalty and welcomed with an espresso - nice touch) - the service was excellent. The entire staff was super friendly. Claudio, however, the head concierge really made a difference. Two examples. First, I went up to him to ask him about a restaurant we read about on tripadvisor. He said to be honest that restaurant is a tourist trap and he re-directed us to another more local restaurant. It turned out to be the best restaurant on our trip - Antico Porta. Second: we wanted to take a Tuscan cooking class. We came up empty as classes were booked, closed, etc. However, Claudio pulled some strings and asked if one teacher would take us on short notice. She said yes. Elena, who can be found at [--] (definitely check it out) was amazing. In short, we enjoyed one of our most memorable travel experiences and it would not have happened without the help of Claudio.Coming from someone who appreciates good service - this is what service is all about.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Bickici
<Content>Lovely but very small Rooms! We stayed at the JK Palace on our way to Cortona in the south of Tuscany. We were very pleasantly surprised when we got there. The hotel is small with a very modest entrance but is beautiful and very well done - very much a boutique hotel. Lovely common areas and a cute little terrace. Location was central - right on the piazza with the Santa Novella church. The location would be slightly less seedy and more beautiful once the renovations of the church and other renovations in the area are completed. However, though well equipped and with nice bathrooms, most of the rooms are very very small. The regular rooms are not cheap- we paid almost EUR 300 for our room, Room 2 - andit was just tiny - probably the smallest room I have ever stayed in. We also saw the superior room which was around EUR 390 which was not much bigger and did not have a better view. A big positive was the service - very courteous and helpful staff.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyeastsider
<Content>Book a Suite If you are going to stay at this hotel then I would recommend booking the master suite. My husband and I just returned from our honeymoon which we spent three of the nights at the JK Place. The staff was very accessible and courteous. There was also snacks and soft drinks available to the guests. When we first arrived at the hotel we were taken to our superior guest room. Let me say that it is not superior. The room was tiny and inadequate. After almost leaving the hotel to go to the Savoy they offered us a better price on the master suite. It is good that they did or else we wouldn't have stayed at the JK Place.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	3	3	5	

<Author>veryape
<Content>Beautiful Boutique Great, quirky little boutique hotel.A few minutes walk from Santa Novella station, this hotel is really worth the money. Superbly friendly staff, immaculate public rooms, wonderfully quiet and private atmosphere. Feels more like a secret members club than a hotel.We were welcomed by a white jacketed gentleman who served us iced tea while the concierge sorted our check in details before taking us to our room. Our room was a JK Classic (Room 2 I think) but was very small despite a high domed ceiling. The furnishings, a huge bed, lots of cushions, perfectly arranged curtains, large flat screen TV, dvd player, large cupboard space and lovely marbled bathroom with robes, slippers and double headed shower and bath, were perfect. The mini bar was stocked with good chocolate bars, nuts, water and soft drinks, all free.Staff were so friendly, anything you needed could be provided and there was even a huge library of dvds to plunder if wanted.Only drawback was the room size, pay extra for a larger room if planning to stay longer than a night or two, the rest could not be faulted.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PIXSQUARED
<Content>One of the best boutique hotel, should book a suite Nicely furnish, good service, a delightull place. Very Boutique hotel. My only complain will be that the room was very small  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Piper81
<Content>Impeccable! There are honestly not enough superlatives to describe how magnificent and superb this hotel is. I will never be able to give it justice - this hotel is one that must be experienced.My husband and I spent only one night in this hotel on our 9-day honeymoon in Italy, but every second was spent in complete luxury. From the second we arrived to the moment we departed, we were treated with extreme respect and courtesy. Every subtlety is played out with extreme precision like a well-rehearsed symphony. Doors opened for you, luggage managed, cars parked, fruit bowls filled, etc. The concierge was particularly amazing. He arranged reservations for us for two museums and dinner one night, pushing us from the back of the pack all the way to the front of whatever site we were trying to see. It was quite impressive. The room we stayed in was incredibly well done and very, very comfortable. All the common areas of the building looked like pages right out of Architectural Digest. Simply stunning.This hotel is by far the most enjoyable hotel we stayed at in all of Italy (and we stayed in some amazing places!) We will never forget our stay here. Do something remarkable for yourself and stay here. It's worth every penny.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissMagPie
<Content>Wierd Little Hotel My husband and I just returned from a two week trip to Monaco and Italy. We spent our final two nights at the JK Place. When we arrived we were greeted warmly and offered something cool to drink. Our room was nice but very small. We often felt as though we were interupting the staff. There is no real bar and it was very difficult to get a cocktail in the evening. The hotel had a funny smell but our room did not. The feel of this is almost like a bed and breakfast. The mini bar was a nice touch but ours was not restocked during our visit. We had joined Small Luxury Hotels of the World Club and Leading Hotels of the World Club before we left (Highly recommend this). Our hotels were informed we were celebrating our 20th anniversary. When we arrived at our other hotels (Grand Hotel Miramare in Santa Margherita and Grand Hotel Continental in Siena) we were welcomed to wonderful rooms where fresh flowers, fruit, and chilled champage was waiting. There was a very small fruit plate at the JK Place.Overall we were very disappointed in this hotel. If you are looking for a funky, modern, SMALL feel hotel this place would be great. I wish we had picked somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>3	1	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Tottiisahottie
<Content>The best hotel in Florence! The JK Place is worth every penny and more.I've stayed there twice this year (March and May) and can't wait to go back.It's decorated very cool with candles lit all day and night. The staff is the best in Italy, they will do whatever you ask and are always pleasant.What makes this hotel so special is all the extras they give you. The breakfast that is included can be delivered to your room or taken in the cosy communal dining room.They stock the mini bar every day with water, sodas, peanuts and chocolate and that is included in your room price (never heard of in a hotel)The roof top terrace is so relaxing and quite.Great location, in Santa Maria Novella Piazza, you can walk everywhere!  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth every penny!! We stayed here for three nights in June and couldn't have had a more WONDEFUL stay! This place is WORTH the money!! You get all sorts of amenities on top of a beautilful room (we stayed in the JK Classic and had a decent sized room, very comfortable large bed, large bathroom with lots of counterspace and a shower/tub, decent sized walk in closet with a free mini bar- this was so nice knowing you werent getting charged 6 euro for a diet coke or a water!!). Breakfast was very nice- pastries, fresh juices, cereals, yogurt, cold cuts and cheese- may not seem like a lot but it IS and also this is a typical Italian breakfast- if you are expecting loads of free scrambled eggs and bacon, go down near the hostels where there are tons of places that cater to Americans!! The place has a laptop computer you can use with high speed internet- all for free- and a flat screen TV in a common room with comfy couches, etc- perfect place for us to watch soccer in the afternoons and unwind after a long day sightseeing. They have drinks available all day- water, soft drinks, coffee, tea, etc- and REALLY yummy snacks out all day!! But the thing that made this place the best was the staff- they are by far the nicest, most attentive, helpful people we met on our trip. Seriously, take advantage of the concierge- he is the BEST!!! Also, try the JK Lounge and restaurant next door- GREAT atmosphere and good food. Overall, this was one of the finest hotels on our trip and we cannot WAIT to go back!!!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JFK001
<Content>Very contemporary, we loved it We visited Firenze during a three nights stay just my partner and me early May 2006. We chose JK for its central location and focus on contemporary athmosphere. We immediately loved it. Very unconventional reception, staff was extremely and sincerely nice and helpful. The various places in the hotel are small but very comfortable and cosy. It however definitely lacks a bar in the hotel.We had a Double de Luxe and it was great, we loved the design (all linen in beige and white with furnitures in dark brown). Breakfast was sserved in the room, the soft drinks mini bar are complimentary (at last one five star hotel that has understood the mini-bar thing!).The receptinist had very good recommendtions for shopping and restaurant. The restaurant next door (The Lounge) which is part of the hotel is very good, very lounge as well...You'll enjoy it  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Free Cake! We stayed at JK Place for a week in April and had a great time. The hotel is very peaceful, yet right in the centre of town. It made our day when, on returning to our hotel for a much needed siesta, we found that a chocolate tart had been left out for the guests to eat. Of course, if we had stayed at home we could have bathed in chocolate tart every day for a month and still saved money, but most hotels in Florence seem quite expensive, and the level of service and quality of the interiors at JK Place was quite exceptional.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>The_White_Rabbit
<Content>Utterly fabulous A beautiful hotel with staff for whom nothing is too much effortFrom the scented candles to the afternoon tea, from the crisp white bedlinen to the perfect snack menu, this place has it all off to a TI stayed here on my own whilst travelling around Italy and this hotel was a perfect refuge from the hectic atmosphere of Florence and the traumas of an overnight train trip from Paris(my advice - fly, its about the same price and a lot more pleasant)The only negative is that the pizza is a bit of a building site - otherwise, perfectOh and within easy walking distance of the train station, even with a wheelly bag - don't bother with a taxi unless you have heaps of luggage  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Almost Perfect JK Place is absolutely fabulous. Staff is very friendly and attentive, especially during breakfast (Great Coffee). Thought about stealing the towels! Complimentary access to a laptop in the lobby's great room -- nice amenity.Only problem was the A/C units in our rooms, but was upgraded immediately for the inconvenience.You won't want to leave.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful hotel! We stayed at the JK Place after reading the positive reviews on TripAdvisor and it was everything we had hoped for! We had booked a Deluxe Double room and the staff upgraded us to a Junior Suite without being asked. The rooms are modern and perfectly equipped. We really appreciated the complimentary beverages that were replenished each day. The staff also took care of our museum and dinner reservations. We loved the breakfast and the afternoon snacks (a great way to relax after a long day of site seeing!) I could go on and on - if you go to Florence, stay at the JK Place!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>napervilletraveler
<Content>one of the best My husband and I had the pleasure of staying at this one of a kind boutique hotel in the santa maria novella area. It was one of the best accommodations we have ever stayed at.Pros: perfect location five minutes from train and 20 minutes from major sites absolutely gorgeous rooms- four poster bed, modern decor,flat screen tv, second level bathroom with stairs leading to room, fresh fruit on arrival living room, community dining room, library family room with plasma tv and complimentary laptop with internet access, mini bar fully  stocked and also complimentary, veranda on rooftop, lit candles throughout house breakfast included daily pastries, juices, cold cuts, cheese, juices,fruit yogurt and the best coffee sabrina was the best concierge. tickets, reservations, lost luggage were all taken care. They made you feel like family and  took pride in serving their guests.Cons: none (complimentary buffet table of snacks all day) we hope to return and stay at this fabulous hotel  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>JK Place is wonderful I don't think I need to add to the comments below, as they are all encompassing. HOWEVER, my wife and I stayed here and thoroughly enjoyed our stay. The concierge's recommendations for dinner were fabulous and the staff was very welcoming. The concierge will also reserve your tickets for the Uffizi and Accademia, so do use this service if you stay here. The public areas are wonderful and we used them throughout the stay--something we never do at other hotels. They were, in fact, way more comfortable than the room, especially since they would bring you coffee and drinks (for free) and snacks were available throughout the day. Take that Starbucks!Most importantly; We booked a three night package in a double deluxe room through luxurylink for $710--as signficant discount to the rates available for this hotel. This included 2 tickets to the Uffizi, a bottle of wine and transfers to the airport (had it been open). They say that they will transfer you from the train station, but since it is only a 5 min walk to the station it would be a waste of time to hitch a ride if you aren't overpacked.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Luxurious        The bed/the room is big!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful... Romantic... We adored it! I took my partner to Florence for a surprise long weekend away. After much deliberation about where to stay, I booked in at JK Place after reading the rave reviews here on Tripadvisor.The Hotel is impeccible and the service was excellent. It made our trip really special and I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough.It is also perfectly located. Close to the train station (but not too close) and practically at the centre of everything you would want to see in Florence.We loved it. Thanks to all who take the time to post on this site. It is a valuable resource.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jimmywLondon
<Content>Great customer service I had booked a weekend in January at the hotel but I had to cancel on the arrival day because my useless airline Meridiana cancelled the flight due to a technical fault and couldnt get us on another plane. Anyway the hotel were incredibly sympathetic and though they had to charge me for the first night, which I totally understand in a boutique hotel, they allowed me to use it as a credit for a future stay. Top marks for customer service and cant wait to go. Thank you!  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>azurdee
<Content>Amazing Hotel It was the best hotel we've ever stayed in before. The rooms might be small but the service is amazing and the style is modern italy. The concierge has great recommendations for dinner or any meals that you would like to try that are authentic without any other americans around...you won't find that in Rome. Having breakfast at the large family style table in the morning was a great way to start off the day. Each night we had our clothes hand pressed for that evenings dinner. A fabulous hotel with great servious, and extremely friendly and eager to help staff.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oski90
<Content>One of the best... Just got back from 3 nights (dec 21-23) at the JK Place. We bought a great packack on Luxury Link {---}, which for those of you who don't know, is the internet's best kept secret for high end travel deals. We were upgraded to their junior suite from the deluxe room that came with the package.All i can say is that my wife and i have stayed at many of the world's best hotels, but our stay at JK Place ranks as one of the best. The hotel itself is in a very convenient location and has a great decor. It is hip and modern, but not over the top like some phillipe stark type properties. I would call it comfy modern which is a great feel for Italy, and particularly Florence. However, as the other reviews point out, what makes this hotel so special is the unbelievable service. Not just snooty 5-star service, but genuine i really am here to make your stay enjoyable service. You could literally go to Florence w/out a single bit of itinerary planning and your stay would be complete b/c the JK staff would take care of everything.I can't say enough about this experience and we will definately be back!  
<Date>Dec 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Jardel33
<Content>A nice stayed in Firenze My husband and I stayed for 4 days at the Jk Place in early December. It is a very well located Hotel as it is near the Train Station and of all the Plazas and Museums you must visit.Our room wasn麓t very large (in fact we think it should be the most tinny room at the Hotel), however the bathroom was ok. The most we liked was the fire place located at the first room (although is a non true fire place) and the appetizers/cookies and drinks you have available at the breakfast room for all day. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was average.Definitly we will return to drink again THE DELICIOUS chocolate caldo (mham...)  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cqt
<Content>Lived up to our expectations and service was impeccable When we booked this hotel, I knew that we would love this hotel based on the website. The photos of the hotel were stunning. I hoped that the hotel lived up to expectations.Luckily, the hotel turned out to be as beautiful and elegant as in the photos. The entrance to the hotel is an unassuming archway to a elegant-looking building - there's no big sign that calls out the hotel but a simple plaque that reads 'JK Place.' This sets the tone for the understatedly elegant accomodations. The location is central to all the major attractions in Florence - the Duomo, the Uffizi, the Accadamia, Ponte Vecchio and the train station. It's a 4-minute walk from the train station, which was convenient.As you walk into the hotel, the lounges in the first floor resemble someone's beautiful home. The furnishings are elegant contemporary so lots of use of dark wood. A LOT of attention to detail was paid to the decor. In the 'dining room,' there is a large communal table and a sideboard of snacks during the evenings/days and breakfast in the morning.Our room was the classic category and the least expensive at 315-euros per night, including breakfast. As such, the room was small with an interior courtyard view. But the ceilings were high and with the four-poster bed, the room seemed larger than it was. As with the downstairs, our room was tastefully and beautifully decorated. It reminded us so much of our new home back in California, except more done up. The bathroom only had a shower and was very nice. The toiletries were only so-so - I wasn't impressed so didn't bring any home! The other thing great thing about the hotel is that it is air-conditioned, has FREE internet access if you bring your laptop and all the modern amenities (e.g., a electronic switch to let the housekeeping staff know not to disturb you).Service was impeccable during our stay. Before I arrived, I emailed several members of the staff to pre-book some of my activities. I have to admit that at first, I wasn't particularly impressed with any of the responses, even though the hotel did respond to each email with very detailed answers. I felt that many of the answers gave one option - typically a high price one - without a range of options from expensive to affordable. From the caliber of the hotel and guests, I now understand why. Anyhow, I did notice that the concierges kept track of what they were supposed to book for you. For example, I wanted to do an outlet shopping bus tour with Caftours but when I initially asked the hotel to book this, they were informed by the tour company that it was too early to book. The hotel let me know that they would follow up before I arrived - three weeks later, I get a confirmation that it was booked. I was really impressed by the follow-through. Upon our arrival, all the front desk staff were helpful - there was nothing that they couldn't accomodate.The only disappointing thing was the breakfast. The quality was high, but the selection was so limited. Other than cornflakes and muesli, your choices were ham and cheese with a bread basket and a fruit salad. I felt that they could have offered a slightly better selection.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone who has discriminating tastes and does not mind the price. It is definitely the prettiest boutique hotel that I've ever been to. The attention to detail in the furnishings should be commended. They do not nickel-and-dime you for things so free sodas, snacks, Internet access, newspaper, etc.As for Florence, the shopping is fabulous in the city for leather goods and also, souvenirs like ceramics, gold, etc. The outlet shopping was a tremendous experience and well below retail in the US. If you're looking to buy jewelry on the Ponte Vecchio, be wary of the prices of some of the stores (e.g., The Golden River? View?) - they can be very overpriced. If you like silver, Petruzzi at the end of the bridge was recommended to me by my friend - it's a family business and Mr.Petruzzi was the nicest man. Don't forget to bargain at these stores and at the stalls in the Centrale Market - I got most things 20% cheaper than what was quoted.The Uffizi and Accadamia were nice, but make reservations in advance. The lines were so long. Skip San Miniato Church - it's such a hike to get there and a disappointment. This was also recommended by the same friend, but it fell way below expectations - perhaps I'm a little jaded, but there was nothing special about this church. The frescoes on the wall were okay, nothing spectacular.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jjfaye
<Content>Honeymoon Stay My new wife and I stayed at JK Place during our honeymoon in italy. This hotel is PERFECT for a stay in Florence. Very clean and quiet rooms, perfect location within walking distance of the train station and everywhere you want to go in town. Above all of this was the impeccable service. Not pushy, never made you feel like a typical tourist, and always picked the right restaurant and helped you get there with a map and a smile. The breakfast and afternoon tea were great for a busy traveler looking to get around and sightsee but in need of sustenance. Do yourself a favor and stay here when you are in florence. I doubt there is any place better (I didn't see any in our time there!)Hope this is helpful.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Fowler4
<Content>Lived up to all the great reviews and more JK's was fantastic. Reception girls were so helpful with all of our requests. They booked dinners, museum etc and nothing was too much trouble. Our room was small but lovely and exceptionally clean. Loved the decor throughout - candles burning all day was a lovely touch. The breakfast was great and all day drinks etc a great bonus. Have advised all friends to stay there and cannot wait to go back.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>JK Place is Special Having seen the vast choice of hotels in Florence we were nervous about picking a good sounding one. Having read the reviews on this site we decided to book into the JK Place. What an execellent choice this proved to be. the e-mail correspondance indicated the level of serrvice we were to receive. the hotel is near to the less than salubrious Pizza Santa Maria Novella, but is 5 mins from the station. The rooms were spotless, finest attention to detial and so quiet, just what you need after miles of walking.The most important aspect however was the service and support provided by the staff, in particular Sabrina and Silvia couldn't have been more helpful. The advice on places to eat and visits meant a lot of the normal stress of finding out things the hard way was eliminated. This meant a very relaxing and enjoyable stay. Recommended absolutley, salute!Philip  Penny, London  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay We stayed at the JK Place for two nights at the end of August. The hotel is ideally located and it is just a short walk to the main sights of Florence.Service was excellent and though our room (classic double) was pretty small we did not regret our booking (especially the four poster bed was terrific). In addition I麓d like to mention the hotels quietness. During our tuscan holiday we麓ve stayed in several hotels and in none of them we had such a good night麓s rest as in the JK Place. You hardly notice that there are other guests around.So if you are looking for a small and modern hotel, beautiful interiors and friendly and helpful staff you should not miss the JK Place.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>J K Place, A very special first class hotel Our son booked 3 nights in the J K Place Hotel as a joint 60th Birthday present, knowing that Florence was a place that we had always wanted to visit. We were not disappointed !!The moment we walked into the reception area we were greeted by friendly staff who made us feel comfortable and very special. We were told to make the hotel our home and nothing seemed too much trouble. They offered to book tickets for us and booked us into' The Lounge' restaurant next door which we ate at 2 nights. the food was excellent.We had a deluxe room which was beautifully furnished, with wonderful sized bathroom and accessories. I loved the whole feel of the hotel which was modern and contemporary but at the same time felt very warm and welcoming.Recommended without hesitation for anyone looking for quality. and style.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely fantastic All I can say is the person who left the last review either works for a rival hotel or actually reviewed the wrong hotel. Our experience could not have been more different and we stayed at the hotel at roughly the same time. This hotel surpassed all our expectations and has set new ones for any hotel we stay at in future. The staff were unbelievably helpful and friendly, nothing was too much trouble. Our flight was cancelled and we arrived 5 hours later than planned to be greeted by a very warm welcome and food and drinks served in a very comfortable lounge with plasma screen TV and scented candles. Heaven! We were staying with our small daughter and the staff at the hotel were happy to acommodate us any way they could by warming her milk, providing children's DVD's etc. We were always greeted with a warm and friendly smile whenever we visited the front desk and were regularly offered advice on the best places to eat, reserving tickets for galleries, museums, etc.The hotel provide snacks and drinks all day in the lounge, free to anyone staying in the hotel and the mini bar in your room containing soft drinks, water, chocolate etc is free.Finally, the rooms themselves were the cleanest and most comfortable we have ever stayed in and we have stayed in some very nice hotels. Fresh bedlinen everyday, towels changed twice a day whether you've used them or not and beautiful toiletries in the bathroom.What can we say, choose JK Place for your stay in Florence and you will NOT be disappointed.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>never again! We spent 2 nights in this hotel after reading the comments on TripadVisor and I have to say we were so disappointed. If you are looking for service 鈥?look somewhere else. The lady at the desk kept us waiting for almost 20 minutes before she even looked at us and when we checked in .. surprise: we did not have the room we reserved and we were paying for. We did not have a chance to look at the other rooms but they couldn鈥檛 be worst than ours, our bed was dirty and they did not change the towels in the bathroom! During our stay we were not assisted nor considered by the staff who seemed much more interested in a group of Japanese and all their requests. You don鈥檛 want to pay an amount like we paid for that room.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lisa827
<Content>A true home away from home My 14-year old son and I just returned from a 3-night stay at the JK Place Hotel, and it was truly the best experience we have ever had at a hotel.The staff was wonderful to us even before our trip began. They took care of every reservation that we needed, and were so pleasant and accomodating when my Tuscany day trip and museum reservations all had to be changed because of the Palio race in Siena. Every aspect of the hotel is beautiful, from the breakfast and TV rooms to the exquisite 2-floor junior suites. There are always cold drinks and treats waiting for you in the breakfast room when you arrive back at the hotel after an exhausting day of seeing the sights, and the mini-bar in your room is free. Their reasoning is that they want you to feel like you are at home, and believe me you do. The location is great. You can walk to everything with the exception of the train station. While the hotel is located close to the station, it is a very difficult walk when you are in unfamiliar surroundings and have all of your luggage with you. And the shopping? My son threatened to put blinders on me at least 3 times a day. The finest shops in the world are only minutes away.I fell in love with Florence, and when I go back I will definitely be returning to the JK Place Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Shoesgal
<Content>A home away from home My husband and I have just returned from Florence this afternoon. We stayed at JK Place for 3 nights based on the excellent review in Conde Nast Traveller which was further strengthened by reveiws on this website.A most excellent time was had. The hotel is chic, with beautiful features and original touches designed to make the visitor feel very much at home. Special emphais was made to keep the ambiance homely. The outdoor sign was so discreet that we missed the entrance all together and ended up walking round the piazza twice! The staff excelled themselves in all aspects of service. They really couldn't do enough for us. We especially loved the communal breakfasts in the courtyard. There was the added bonus of not having to pay for in-room drinks in the room and the wonderful snacks, iced tea and cakes in the courtyard. We were in danger of gorging ourselves on these edible delights and missing dinner entirely. We stayed in a deluxe room but on our next visit we've promised to treat ourselves to a junior suite.A thoroughly delightful experience.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RCM-7
<Content>Second visit - this time with kids - and not disappointed My wife and I stayed at JK Place in Florence about two years ago as an escape from our kids. We toured Italy and the south of France and JK stood out as the most unique, above-expectation experience we encountered (this compared with both Four Seasons Milan and the new Four Seasons in Fayence, France amongst others). JK Place has somehow found a wonderful balance...an intimate boutique hotel, beautifully designed and maintained, and staff that truly make you feel at home. Anyway, that is how we felt on our romantic getaway in 2003.Just last month, we returned, this time with our three children (2,4,6)...dangerous idea to try to duplicate any positive experience, particularly with kids in tow the second time around. Well, JK somehow achieved the impossible in making this visit spectacular as well. The staff were excellent with the kids (and hugely tolerant) and made us feel like we could do no wrong. The ground floor, which includes a family style dining room, a den with wifi and TV and a library, become the hang-out for our kids. Our room, a 1 bedroom duplex, came ready to manage the crew with a pull-out bed made up and one extra cot already in situ. The room was excellent as expected. Service at JK is on-request - meaning you tell them what you require and they will sort it out. This includes getting kids movies, making special meals for kids, booking restaurants, etc. (note that JK Place does not have a full restaurant but they can do quite a bit and are happy for you to order out).It is a special hotel, amongst the finest I know worldwide. It is not cheap by any standard but I think it is safe to say that you can expect more than you paid for. I am looking forward to many more visits.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best This hotel MADE our trip to Florence. Although the room was expensive and smallish, it was completely worth the money. First of all, every detail in the room is luxury. The furnishings, flat-screen tvs, marble bath w/ moulton brown products...the list goes on. We definitely treated the hotel as an escape from the hustle  bustle of Florence. And we have NEVER had a better experience with hotel staff -- the crew at JK Place was eager to make all of our dinner and museum reservations, car rental, etc. We looked forward to breakfast in the sunny atrium room every day. From the hotel, you can easily walk to all of the hits of Florence -- the Duomo and Ponte Vecchio are less than a 5 minute walk. On the whole, one of the most memorable hotels we've ever stayed at. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing place to stay! We were not surprised to see that those who reviewed this hotel gave it the highest marks. It was one of the best places we've ever stayed. Period. A cross between a hotel and BB, it was the perfect mix. We felt pampered from the moment we stepped into the lobby. Staying in this hotel actually made it difficult for us to motivate ourselves to see the sites in Florence. The service was impeccable. The surroundings lavish, yet comfortable. Bottom line, if you can afford it, stay here!Side note: If you are looking for a great restaurant nearby, (that specializes in Tuscan cuisine) , we recommend Ristorante Buca Mario. The food was great and staff made it a wonderful night!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>UpscaleTraveller
<Content>City Chic has a name: J K Place This elegant small hotel is the best home in Florence. The decor is unsurpassed for understated elegance, architectural excellence.Breakfast is a feast, as is afternoon tea.The service is outstanding, more like staying with family that reallyreally loves you and is glad to make your trip a dream come true.The location on Piazza Santa Maria Novella is central to Florence, making any sightseeing an easy walk.The beds have true pressed linens, luxurious bathroom amenities. Send me back as soon as possible. I will always stay at J K Place.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VJO
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at the JK Place earlier this spring. The hotel is conveniently located only a block from the train station (SM Novella). While this wasn't the best hotel we stayed at while in Italy, we were certainly not dissappointed in the least. The staff was very friendly and accomodating, and the hotel interior seemed in pristine condition and nicely decorated.The room, while a bit smaller than we would have liked, was still very nice and comfortable, and the bathroom was great. The snacks provided downstairs throughout the day were a great touch, and breakfast was one of the better ones we had throughout our stay.Overall - I would say this was an excellent experience. I think the only reason that I was just slightly let down was due in large part to the tremendous amount of glowing remarks I had read about JK beforehand. I agree, it's a great hotel, but my expectations were a but higher than they should have been after reading all of the comments people had posted.Regardless, I definitely recommend the JK if you are in Florence! Great hotel, staff and location...  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ditti0621
<Content>Perfect Place to spend our Anniversary Everything positive that has already been said about JK Place is true so I will just share the things unique to our stay for 2 night May 12-14th. We were there to celebrate our 5th anniversary and my husband's birthday on the 13th. I had made dinner reservations at Villa San Michele to surprise my husband and Angela arranged a private driver to pick us up in a Mercedes. This is after my husband had tried to surprise me with a carriage ride. The staff sent someone out 3 different times during the day to negotiate a price on our behalf. They advised us not to do it because it was ridiculously expensive. At dinner (which was fabulous) the waiter delivered flowers to the table that my husband arranged with the hotel to have delivered to the restaurant! After the car took us back to the hotel we enjoyed drinks at the rooftop terrace and they sent someone up to bring us drinks and snacks. When we went to our room there was a bottle of champagne on ice that my husband had arranged to be waiting for us when we returned. They were very accommodating and helpful with all of our little surprises we had for each other. I think they thought it was pretty amusing. When we checked out, we had not made transportation arrangements to get to our villa in Tuscany (Greve) so Angela checked on rental cars and bus schedules. She ended up coordinating a taxi to pick us up at the bus station in Greve through our villa that we were going to be staying at. The staff definitely went above and beyond what they would normally do, but I think they would have done the same for anyone no matter what. They definitely made our stay in Florence memorable and we will definitely return to Florence just to stay at JK Place again. We had a standard room, but it was still lovely with a four poster canopy bed and flat screen TV.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>6 Star Quality Hotel       Exit stairwell  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic staff and very stylish. I took my mother to JK Place for two nights for her 60th birthday present. I had let the hotel know this in advance, and they upgraded us to a Junior Suite on arrival. The rooms were beautiful - very stylish and perfectly maintained. The staff were absolutely charming throughout - they really couldn't have been any nicer or more helpful. The common parts of the hotel are equally chic and the breakfast just right (although not huge). I can't recommend the hotel highly enough. My only criticisms are that the Piazza S M Novella is the scruffiest in Florence and that the hotel is quite expensive - however you get what you pay for!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cherish
<Content>Fantastic hotel I recently stayed at JK Place for four nights. I had a classic room and my parents had a superior room which was slightly bigger. We orginally were planning to stay at the another hotel until I came upon the reviews on tripadvisor. After checking out the website and sending countless emails to the hotel, we finally decided to try it out. Well, we were NOT disappointed. From the time we were fetched at the airport to the time we left, JK place made our Florence vacation memorable. We were pampered throughout our stay, and no request seemed impossible. Our restaurant reservations were taken care of, car arrangements for day trips to Sienna, and just about everything else we needed. I felt like royalty vacationing in one of my palaces. JK place does not feel like a hotel- it feels like a home- a luxurious one at that, with a staff ready to see to your every need without being intrusive. Breakfast, and the snacks served all day were absolutely divine. We loved relaxing in the tv room (super chic yet comfy) in the afternoons, drinking coffee and snacking on the home made tart of the day. I cannot say enough great things about this gorgeous place and the wonderful staff that made our stay enjoyable. The location is convenient- everything of importance was a ten minute walk at most. I would stay here again in a heartbeat. Special thanks to Sabrina and Angela who went out of their way to accomodate my requests. But really the entire staff was superb. I've stayed in many top hotels around the world, but JKPlace beats them hands down in service.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>MrsChristy
<Content>It's all true... Just returned from our honeymoon, stayed for 2 nights. Read other reviews on this website and thought JK Place sounded too good to be true; this is not the case. As another traveller remarked in his or her review, it actually felt like I was staying at my rich uncle's house while he was away; and he instructed his entire staff to take great care of us. The accommodations are ultra-chic, but cozy; the common areas are absolutely gorgeous. It's the little things, like having access to complimentary potato chips, coffee and other munchies during the day or the fresh fruit in your room when you arrive, that really make you feel at home. A fantastic choice in Florence.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>blue0104
<Content>Highly recommended       Room 20 on arrival  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chicag0Traveler3
<Content>Tasteful boutique hotel My travel companion and I just returned from Italy, with three nights having been spent in Florence. Due to my companion's business being in the travel industry, we decided to engage in site inspections of various hotels, and stay at a different hotel for each of the three nights in Florence - one of those nights being at the JK Place. The common areas are well dressed - modern design with touches of warmth. The front sitting room includes a fireplace, couch and chairs with numerous and unique books (kitsch, erotic and artistic) for the guests' enjoyment. Breakfast (european continental style) is served in the dining room, where guests sit communally at a large table. Basic refreshments (tea, coffee, sodas, water) are complimentary throughout the day. Adjacent to the dining room is a second seating area with plasma television and large banquette style couches. The rooms are well appointed with nicely sized toilettries, linen sheets and additional reading materials. We stayed in a duplex loft room, and the only complaint we had was that our large (and heavy) bags were delivered to our room and left on the main floor, as opposed to being brought to our upstairs bedroom. Unable to drag the weight up the stairs, we were forced to return to the main floor consistently for our belongings. Other than this minor inconvenience, however, the room was spectacular.Staff was very helpful (they went out of their way to accomodate a special request), and the hotel is very secure (i.e. you need to be buzzed in at all hours, if no attendant is in front). This was, of the three hotels we stayed in in Florence, undoubtedly my favorite.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Hotel in Florence I agree wholeheartedly with all the reviews of JK Place posted here: this is a beautiful boutique hotel; the rooms and bathrooms are spectacular; the sitting areas are calm and serene; the overall design and architectural feel, superb. The staff members are charming, professional, and -as another reviewer noted- without attitude! (Certainly the best I've ever experienced.)I will never forget the time that we spent there from Dec 10-31, 2004.This hotel is excellent.Also check out the elegant restaurant next door; the Lounge Bar has great promise!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved It! Small, boutique, hotel with luxurious facilities. You feel like you are visiting a generous and warm relative. The setup encourages mingling with guests at breakfast or while having drinks on their rooftop terrace. We had a junior suite which was beautifully furnished with pure linen sheets. The staff was always available and happy to assist with inquiries and reservations. We would love to have the opportunity to visit here again.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel JK Place was a first class experience in every way! Stayed there for 6 nights (1-7 Nov 2004), in a superior room and one night in the presidential suite. Everything was perfect, when we first walked in, the hotel interiors gave us a modern and contemporary feel but at the same time, it felt very cosy and welcoming. The unconventional check-in area was relaxed and informal, no front desk but a work table with the guest book full of glowing reviews and surrounded by a library of books and DVD鈥檚. Complimentary snacks and drinks throughout our stay was a really lovely break for us during our sightseeing and shopping trips. The cakes freshly made by the chef were exquisite! What made our stay so enjoyable and such a great experience was the service. As my husband and I married in Florence, we required help from someone over there, Sabrina, she was truly a star. She helped organise my wedding lunch, the flowers and trips to Tuscany. The amount of emails we sent one another before we arrived; she answered every single one of my endless questions! During our stay, all of the JK team made us feel so much at 鈥榟ome鈥?(our home away from home as a previous reviewer wrote). If you like the idea of coming 鈥榟ome鈥?after a day out and someone being there to ask how your day was, to have a night cap either in the lounge or in your room, or to use the laptop before retiring to bed; or even picking up a DVD to watch in bed.. This is THE ONLY (JK) PLACE!! Every single attention to detail is appreciated and it is their every single detail that makes it such a unique experience. So Ori, Claudio, Sabrina, Verena, Angela, Cosimo, Nicholas, Claudio (in the white jacket), Lucia, and to all others behind the scenes, thank you all so much for the exceptional service you provided us with. We will most definitely come back to see you all and we hope not just for our anniversary but many times more!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>True luxury without ATTITUDE Based on the reviews on Trip Advisor, I booked five nights at JK Place for a girls trip. Everyone at JK Place took excellant care of us. The concierge service was outstanding with our touring arrangements and reservations for museums and dinner. The house breakfast buffet and cappuccinos are great. JK Place is a must if you are visiting the beautiful city of Florence.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hillary71
<Content>Home Away from Home       Desk area with flat screen tv  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Simply heaven   showReview(2576731, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TEEVEE
<Content>YOU WON'T FIND A BETTER PLACE IN FLORENCE!   showReview(2460070, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Service Ever!!   showReview(2290436, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>EXCELLENT hotel experience!! You can't go wrong with JK Place.   showReview(2222027, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent place!!   showReview(1854204, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lulu_2004
<Content>The Place in Florence or Anywhere   showReview(1705418, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Felt like home   showReview(1687355, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Elegance, Service, One of the Very Best   showReview(1670076, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Best Boutique Hotel in Florence!   showReview(1625311, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>for those who enjoy to be pampered   showReview(1490510, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>PAO75
<Content>Accueillant et attachant   showReview(20733364, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>marcopieri
<Content>Lussuoso Piccolo Hotel       Rception  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Un_voyageur_exigeant
<Content>Luxe, calme et volupt茅   showReview(5912398, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

