<Author>BristolBaz
<Content>Fantastic location with warm friendly owners       Us in our room at Simpsons Potts Point  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>Brusselscov
<Content>No wonder they are #1 - they earn it       NYE courtesy of Simpson's  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dsgardiner
<Content>Spoiled for the rest of our trip The Simpsons was our introduction to Australia from the USA and I must say they spoiled us for the rest of our trip! My husband, 18 year old son and I arrived at the Simpsons on Boxing Day around 10am for a five day stay. Keith was ready to greet us. Although check-in is not until mid-afternoon, our room had already been vacated, just in need of cleaning from the previous guests. Keith gave us a map and a suggestion for a 45 minute walk close by. When we arrived back about an hour later, our bags were in our room and ready to go.Our room (#8) was spacious, very quaint, and very clean. The accomodations were perfect. Breakfast was continental with options for toast, cereal, yogurt, fruit, coffee, tea, etc. Our son got a bit bored with the breakfasts, but my husband and I thought it just perfect because it is what we eat everyday at home. We were so impressed how they knew each guest by name.Every morning Keith or Vanessa had wonderful suggestions on daily activities, restaurants, etc. They truly know every bit of the area and do not just send you to the tourist places. The hotel is conveniently located in walking distance to the botanical gardens and Circular Quay. We also loved that its location gave it a neighborhood feel.All in all, a fantastic stay! We would highly recommend the Simpsons for anyone traveling to Sydney--yes, even our 18 year old son thought it was great (oh yeah, they have free internet access in the living room which helped for him!). Our praise to all of the staff for making our experience nothing short of wonderful!  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>clw13
<Content>Simpsons is fabulous       Simpsons at Potts Point  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>madmasri
<Content>Perfect place in Sydney I am impressed. This was my first experience in boutique hotel, and I think this a great one to be used as reference for all others!We stayed there for 6 nights (myself, my wife and my sister), where we booked two rooms. We got a large room (Challis Room) downstairs next to the breakfast area, and my sister got a smaller room in the last floor.Service: Great personalized service! Vanessa, our host for most of the days, was great at welcoming us into the establishment as soon as we arrived, and catered to our requests whenever had one, including heaps of useful info about what to do and where to go in Sydney. We arrived very early from Dubai, and Vanessa was able to get us our rooms early so we can sleep off the 14 hours of flight we got into! I thought that was great!Rooms: Great spacious rooms with comfy beds. They had everything you needed for your stay tucked away in the closet (iron, ironing board etc etc). The bathroom is good - not extremely spacious, but still nice. My concern there is that when you flush the toilet, it takes a really long time to reload, and with it comes the sound, which could be slightly annoying at night. I found that in both my room and my sister's room so I assume it is across. Nothing major, but a small concern. My only advice, regarding our room location, if you are someone who is a light sleeper, and would like to sleep through the morning hours, is to book a room away from the breakfast area. Our room was right next to it, so we heard early breakfast go-ers sometimes.Location: Fabulous! A 10 minutes walk from the KingsCross metro station, a 20 minutes walk to Circular Quay ... makes this place superb! Botanical gardens are on the way to Circular Quay and the Opera, so you even opt for longer scenic walks if you want to! Many grocery stores are close by, laundry is also close by as well as some restaurants, all found on your way to the KingsCross metro station. Our only initial concern was the proximity of KingsCross road - but everyone told us that is safe to walk through if needed.Breakfast was nice. Being Egyptians, we were the loudest in the room for sure, but the people were friendly, and did not mind us!I think what made us love the place is that it felt like home ... and that really counts! If you are going to Sydney and thinking of a place to stay ... forget the idea of all those 5  4 star hotels around there and just book in the Simpsons ... you will not regret it!Thanks Vanessa  Keith for your great hospitality and help!P.S. I enjoy stating the fact that we were probably the first Egyptians to stay there, although not the first Dubaians! :)  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>dazanddi
<Content>Fantastic.....       Entrance to Simpons  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>michaeluk007
<Content>Nice stay Very nice accommodation with pleasant decor a very large bedroom and all the room amenities you would expect from a top class BB. We really enjoyed our six night stay at Simpsons and enjoyed my chat with Venessa on the Ireland history, thanks for a nice stay in Sydney, Regards Mike and Phyllis from Northern Ireland  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Jennifer_UK
<Content>Deservedly number one! A haven of tranquillity in this bustling city, Simpsons hotel is only a 20 minute walk from the centre through the beautiful Royal Botanic Garden. We walked most of the time, but there is also a good bus service to and from Circular Quay when you're tired at the end of a busy day.Our hosts - Keith, Marie and Vanessa - were very welcoming and this made our stay. They eagerly provided advice on where to go and how to get around. All their advice was spot on, very helpful and as a result we made far more use of our brief 2.5 days in Sydney than we might otherwise have done.The room was comfortable and spacious. Free internet, use of the lounge with complimentary alcoholic drinks (of which we did not partake) and soft drinks in the room (of which we did) are all nice touches which help to make one feel welcome and at home in this elegant house.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Edwardknows
<Content>If I ran a B+B, I'd want it to be like this one Having spent five nights here a the end of a long holiday, I have to agree with all the reviewers who describe it as a great place to stay. However, rather than the building getting all the praise, it's the team that run it that definitely deserve the five stars.Keith, Marie and Vanessa in particular (although any of the staff we bumped into were very pleasant) make you feel so welcome that you leave almost feeling that you've stayed in a friend's home. Yes, some of the fixtures and fittings need sprucing up and some of the furniture looks a bit worn but you overlook that when you're staying at a friend's house, don't you? At the end of the day, the bed was really comfortable, and that's the most important thing for me.Although this wasn't our first visit to Sydney (we love the place) with Keith's help we discovered Watson's Bay which was great. I am sure Keith gives the same spiel to all the guests but it's done in such a way as to make you think you're the first people he's ever told about Sydney's highlights, and that makes you feel special, and that's why people rave about Simpson's.After an evening out, we'd sit in the lounge enjoying a complementary glass of sherry whilst checking our emails and the BBC News (for free... why do so few hotels offer that?).At breakfast, Marie (or Keith) would enquire as to what we were planning to do that day and would offer suggestions of sights to see or hidden treasures whilst they served up the coffee. I challenge anyone to stay here and spend time talking to the staff and not love the place. It's a real home-from-home.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ellen74
<Content>Home from home We spent a couple of nights here as a stopover on our way to Melbourne, and felt welcome as soon as we arrived. We turned up early in the morning from the airport and we were able to leave our luggage and make use of the downstairs shower room with towels and toiletries provided, had a cup of tea and were given advice by Keith on how to walk into the city and what to see.We had a large comfortable room and really felt at home there.Lots of restaurants to choose from in the area - they get full quite early.We would certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>wabanrail
<Content>Trip Advisor's Reviews Are On The Mark Again Yes, Trip Advisor's No. 1 rating is correct again. Simpsons of Potts Point is superb. Keith is the perfect host. Everything is first class, though I wish that the in room refrigerator were less noisy. And sometimes autos disconcertingly roared up Challis Ave. But where else can you find a tub with four controls--hot and cold for tub and shower? How about a king size bed in a large room with sofa and easy chair? Or complimentary after dinner port in a lounge oozing with Victorian charm? Potts Point is indeed in an interesting part of town with all sorts of restaurants nearby. It is easy to walk to the Botanic Gardens, the opera house, and down to the Circular Quay. Watch out, however. There is a steep set of steps at the beginning of the journey, and more steps going up to the Botanic Gardens. We took the shuttle from the airport and actually enjoyed our tour of the city center. We were the last ones in the van. The return trip was another story. The shuttle never arrived after two phone calls. We took a cab which made it to the airport in about half the time. To the credit of the shuttle, we were given our return fare back. We recommend the cab to the airport.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>THEPOW
<Content>It's home! It's just the kind of place you hope to find when far from home. From the personal welcome to nice rooms and highest quality staff, it's just what a hotel should be for the traveler who does not need ball rooms, large meeting space or crowds. The staff really cares about your comfort and goes out of their way to make your stay memorable. It's located in a nice neighborhood within an easy 15-20 minutes walking distance to the CBD. Quality restaurants 1/2 block away. Great breakfast, comfortable beds, nice bathrooms, Internet access on their own computer [left the laptop at home - no problem] and a staff that really cares!Parking is limited but really no need for a car in a city which is easy to use public transit be it taxi, bus, train or ferry.  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DarrlMartha
<Content>Simpsons: Simply Perfect At Potts Point Poised between the Sydney harbor and smart neighborhood shops and restaurants, Simpsons of Potts Point is a small intimate hotel that combines attention to detail with gracious accomodations.We stayed both in the main building and in their one bedroom apartment next door. The main building was cozy, comfortable and roomy while the apartment was modern and private, complete with floor to ceiling views of downtown from the bedroom.Sydney is a beautiful city and the hotel could not be better situated. We took several walks to the harbor, the botanical gardens, the museum and the surrounding area.As a couple who lived in in San Francisco for decades, Sydney resembles San Francisco except with better weather. This is not a slight to SF (a city which we love), it is an acxknowledgement of Sydney.Our hosts at Simpsons, Vanessa, Keith, and Marie, were welcoming and gracious and it is evident that the well-being of their guests is a priority. If your well-being is also a priority, you could do no better than to stay in this extraorinary hotel in this wonderful city.Darryl  MarthaTucson USA  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Evessa
<Content>You are home at Simpsons Simpsons is listed in Trip Advisor's reviews of Sydney hotels and was #1 when I read the reviews in October 2008. It was not a difficult decision to book here after reading the reviews for this one of a kind BB. It lived up to it's reputation. If you want a cozy and homey place in Sydney and don't want to be right down town in a big hotel, this is the place! It's a charming Victorian house with lovely interiors and a friendly staff that treats everyone like family. Breakfast is served in a bright and airy room on the main floor and sherry and port are available in the evening in one of several beautifully furnished public rooms. A complimentary computer is always available. Simpsons location is ideal because your are close to downtown....a 15 or 20 minute stroll from the front door through the Botonical Gardens will bring you to the Opera House and Circular Quay. Another plus is the local neighborhood around Simpsons. You will find grocery stores, great restaurants and coffee and snack bars. Just across the street is a wonderful restaurant...Sardine.......creative dishes with lots of fresh fish on the menu. We loved Sydney and loved our stay at Simpsons!!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>UKBells
<Content>a real oasis I can only endorse what others have included in their reviews. This small hotel is a real haven after a busy sightseeing day. The staff were so helpful, particularly with suggestions of where to go and what to see in the limited time we had. The many restaurants within 50 metres were superb, especially The Sardine Room. The walk into the centre through the Botanic Gardens was lovely though there were many steps to negotiate on the way. This was fine going into the city but coming back (rather tired) we found it easier to take a 311 bus from Circular Quay! The many and efficient ferries running from the Quay offer a wealth of places to see and I would recommend Watson's Bay and South head, a bus to Bondi and a walk to Bronte or Coogee but Keith in the hotel will be happy to tell you all about where to go. A trip to the Blue Mountains is a must, but only if the weather is good. We took a guided tour which collected us from the hotel and ended with a ferry from the Olympic Park back into the city and we felt it was excellent value for money but it is possible to do it on the train. All in all we had six fantastic days and should we go back to Sydney (there are so many other places we want to see!) we would certainly stay at Simpsons.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JWBToronto
<Content>Warm atmosphere and attentive service I had the pleasure of spending 8 nights at the Simpsons Hotel. I was warmly welcomed to this 12 room boutique hotel (BB) by Vanessa who provided me with directions for a day of sight seeing. It is an easy walk to the Opera House, Botanic Gardens and the Shopping areas. The bus routes are very convenient if you are not a walker. The hotel is a hertiage building which has lovely antique furniture, fireplace and free internet service. Breakfast is served in the sunny solarium where you have the opportunity to meet other travellers. This is a gem of a hotel for those who prefer a cosy and warm atmosphere with personalized attention. I will be returning in 2009!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Stagglet
<Content>Six wonderfull nights. My wife and I spent six wonderfull nights at Simpsons, a nice boutique hotel close to the city centre, the botanical gardens and numerous good restuarants. We had a ground floor room which was very comfortable and quiet.The friendly helpfull service from Keith, Vanessa and the other staff, was exactly as earlier postings had inferred. Nothing seemed to be too much trouble and Keith's knowledge of the city and its attractions was fantastic. The little extra tips on where to go, what to see etc. was most usefull. Return to Sydney? Yes, if only to stay at the Simpsons.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Janeybobs
<Content>Simpsons, a real gem This hotel exceeded all our expectations. The hotel itself is full of character and olde world charm and our room was huge with a very nice balcony and the smell from the flowers in the garden was beautiful. Keith and his staff where more than helpful and we would certainly recomend this hotel. As we love walking it was a real treat to walk into Sydney via the botanical gardens which where beautiful. Keith is very well informed and very helpful, he even gave us one of his books which he thought would be helpful to us on our travels. Internet is provided for you with a computer in the lounge and as we had our laptop with us Keith very kindly gave us his password so we could use our own.There are a number of options locally for eating and drinking if you want to get away from the city. It is about a 30min walk to the Opera House with so much to see along the way and with amazing views of the bridge and Opera House.Cant praise Simpsons enough it was wonderful.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	-1	5	5	

<Author>norno
<Content>Simply the best This was just the perfect stay to start our vacation. The staff were exceptionally friendly, the breakfast delicious (especially the homemade rhubarb and raspberry compote). Location was amazing...lovely walk all the way to the Opera House. Quite simply I cannot recommend this place enough!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AndyRapkins
<Content>Fantastic location, rooms and hosts We stayed at Simpsons for 3 nights at the beginning of our Honeymoon to Australia, and again for 1 night before returning home. We were warmly welcomed by Keith when we arrived early at 6:30 am and were able to get into our fantastic room (Cloud Suite) to freshen up. Keith gave us some great information and maps to help us around on our first day in Sydney - a fantastic host with lots of local knowledge. All of the Simpsons team were friendly and welcoming.The location of Simpsons is fantastic. Walk to the end of the road and you have a great view of the Sydney skyline, Opera House and Bridge which really took our breath away. There is a small, public gardens at the end of Challis Avenue where you can relax with the views and locals walking their dogs just 2 minutes from the Hotel. Central Sydney is a wonderful walk away (30 minutes or so) through Woolloomooloo, past the Finger Wharf and Royal Botanic Gardens to get to Circular Quays where you can reach anything with public transport links.The rooms are clean and very comfortable, breakfast is delicious - particularly the Rhubarb Compote and the Muffins are great too. For a splash of luxury in Sydney, Simpsons offers reasonable value in a fantastic location as an alternative to a lot of chain / boutique hotels.Potts Point itself is a great area with many caf茅s and restaurants right on the doorstep. A particular favourite for us was Dolcetta (walk down from Simpsons, turn left into Victoria Street and it's on the right after about 8 minutes walk). This is a wonderful streetside providore serving excellent food (BYO wine) and fantastic coffee with flawless service. We really felt like we were experiencing a local treat here.For another amazing Sydney experience, we ate at Ripples Caf茅 by the Olympic Pool beside the Harbour Bridge on our last night. Another BYO, I cannot recommend this restaurant enough for food, service and location. Fantastic.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jannerboy
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel Lovely boutique hotel nicely located for touring the city's many attractions. Keith and Marie are very friendly and helpful and will make suggestions for sightseeing. Hotel is beautiful, inside and out. Rooms generous and well fitted out. Comfortable bed, good bathroom, easy wireless access, and perfect continental breakfast to set you up for the day.Cancellation policy is perfectly understandable (seven days notice) but will make it difficult for future business trips from England however some dates can be fixed and I hope to stay at Simpsons again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ElRon29
<Content>elegant country house in the heart of the city The house is beautifully appointed and our room was lovely. The location is superb with wonderful restaurants, boutiques and shops in the neighborhood. Walking through the botanical gardens to the city center is an enjoyable way to start the day.On arrival our host sat down with us and gave us suggestions of what to do with our limited time in Sydney and then told us our room was ready even though we were much too early for check-in. Very much appreciated after our flight. The experience was like being welcomed as a weekend guest at an elegant country house. A very lucky weekend guest, indeed.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>love2traveltheworld
<Content>Perfection; Deserves a 4th Star! When you are greeted outside by name by the owner of the property, you know you've reached someplace spectacular. Simpsons is actually a refurbished home from the late 19th century. It's located on tree-lined Challis Street which has an adorable bookstore, great restaurants (Fratelli Paradiso!) and an easy walk to the tube. The scent of fresh lilies was the first thing I noticed in the foyer (and in our room). The foyer opens onto a small sitting room/library with tons of books, well worn and soft leather chairs and sofa, a computer tucked away in the corner with free internet, a cozy fireplace and sherry/port for your pleasure. What a perfect way to be welcomed home at the end of the day. To get to our room, we walked up a beautiful oak staircase, noticing the exquisite stained glass windows. The Cloud Suite, was on the 2nd floor right at the front of the hotel with pretty views of Challis St. The room had a comfy king bed, 2 person jacuzzi tub, (sealed over) fireplace, a beautiful stained glass window, a small loveseat  coffee table, closet with iron  board, DVD player, alarm clock and writing desk. There is AC, although being fall/winter we didn't turn it on. The only flaw; the shower door leaked a lot of water onto the bathroom floor. Complimentary breakfast (cereal, fruit, toast  jam) was served with a hot beverage of your choice (tea, French press coffee). It was such a nice way to start the day.The best part of Simpsons is the amazing staff. They make you feel like you're a friend of the family. Vanessa patiently and tirelessly answers all the guests questions during breakfast on everything from restaurant recommendations to directions. She'd answer the same question over and over again and always with a smile.I believe the highest compliment you can give a hotel is to send them more guests and believe me, I will be telling everyone I know about this gem.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ScotlandPickwick
<Content>A home from home The warm welcome was matched by the relaxed ambience of the hotel. Within easy walking distance of the botanical gardens and the heart if the city an ideal location from which to explore Sydney. Keith gave us much helpful advice and direction to make the most of our stay. A quiet hotel well suited to those of a gentle disposition; not really a place for children or those having a boisterous disposition.Peter  Sue Dickens, Scotland  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nevermannsetal
<Content>Peaceful Retreat in the Heart of Sydney I needed accommodation close to the City, which provided support for my business requirements, but also had a personal touch. I found Keith, Marie and Vanessa incredibly helpful and informative. This is a very special boutique hotel in a great location, run by outstanding people. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>516
<Content>The epitomy of warm hospitality I understand why Simpsons is the #1 Trip Advisor hotel in Sydney. We stayed there on our first night in Australia, and it was perfect! The restored 1920's house is warm and welcoming, as are Keith and Vanessa, the hosts whom we met. The room was comfortable and inviting, breakfast was delicious, and Vanessa gave us a map with a detailed itinerary for our first day that provided us with a great experience of the city and kept us awake and moving through jet lag after a 22 hr. trip. We look forward to returning.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Mathryn
<Content>A home from home! Simpsons Hotel is a home from home! We booked a 2 night stay at Simpsons Hotel after reading about it here on Trip Advisor. No wonder it is voted best place to stay in Sydney! It is a gorgeous little boutique hotel. It really feels like you are staying with a rich friend! We stayed in a dormer room which was very spacious and beautifully decorated. The bed was extremely comfortable and there were all the amenities you would need including an iron  ironing board! Breakfast was included in our stay and it was delicious! Such a variety ranging from muffins and crumpets, to stewed fruit, yoghurt and muesli. The manager, Vanessa was extremely helpful, suggesting places nearby to eat and the best ways of walking to the harbour etc. Nothing was too much trouble.There is a lovely communal lounge at the hotel where we sat both nights after dinner by the warm fire enjoying the complimentary sherry and port! There is also free internet in the lounge and lots of reading material including lonely planet guides to Sydney.On our first morning we walked through the botanical gardens to the Harbour 鈥?this is a lovely walk and only took about 25 minutes. Potts Point is a great location as there are loads of restaurants and lovely boutiques in the area. Be careful of the Sydney taxi drivers however. We paid $22 for a trip to Darling Harbour and were only charged $11 for the same trip on the way back later that night! It also only cost around $10 to get a cab to the Harbour so don鈥檛 let the fact you are not in the hustle and bustle put you off staying at this wonderful hotel. It is exceptionally good value for money. We looked at many other hotels in the CBD to stay but the prices are astronomical. You get great value for money at Simpsons Hotel and a friendly personable service. Vanessa really makes you feel at home during your stay 鈥?a service you would not receive at a big hotel.We will definitely be staying at Simpsons Hotel again the next time we are in Sydney and have recommended it to family and friends. Thank you Vanessa for a wonderful stay!  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnGilmour
<Content>A peaceful haven in a wonderfully lively city My wife and I spent three very comfortable nights in this good, small hotel within easy reach of the harbour area, botanic gardens and a varied selection of top quality restaurants. The staff were extremely helpful and hospitable and made us feel very much at home. The public rooms were tastefully furnished, and warm fires greeted us as we returned from a cold day's sightseeing. We experienced the same degree of comfort in our own room, although some of the furnishings were looking rather tired, and there was an annoyingly dripping tap in our washbasin. The continental-style breakfast was the same every day, perhaps a shade inadequate for the supposed standard of the hotel. However, all in all we were pleased with our accommodation and would happily return.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dbrashj
<Content>Like Staying With Family This place is very, very cool. It reminded me of my grandpa's beautiful old house from the same century (except this one is renovated!) The den was my favorite spot. It has two fireplaces, a library with a LOAD of books, leather recliners, sofas, sherry and port wine, and a computer with free internet! The best part about the computer is that it is not all locked down like most hotel computers. You can download your photos to the hard drive, resize them, then post them on webshots or kodak picture gallery to share with your family. It's like having your own personal computer right in front of you. Vanessa (the host) was kind enough to lend me her digital camera's wire.Vanessa was also very helpful with tips on where to go and what to do, and even booked reservations for us.The only drawbacks are: you have to be super-quiet at night so as not to disturb your neighbors. It really feels like you're staying at someone's home. Also, no room service.The location is excellent. I enjoyed the walk down the steps to the meat pie stand and on to the Botannical Gardens. Go to the Indian restaurant at the base of the pier past the meat pie stand. It was had first-rate food and top notch service.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>TheWearyTraveller
<Content>Everything you could want This is a really charming hotel and very much like living in a large Edwardian house with all the trimmings. Lovely stained glass windows, large bedrooms with tea and coffee, ironing board, TV, air con, clean and comfortable. Large and cozy living room, with sherry at the ready after a busy day. Free access to the Internet is a great touch. Not a large hotel, so quite personal. No pool or gardens, but who has time for this as there is so much to do in Sydney and the Botanical Gardens are practically on your door step?The location was excellent, not in the thick of it, but an easy walk to the centre of town (20 mins max) or a fairly cheap taxi ride. It's also close to Kings Cross, the red light district - but this isnt a particular draw back, far from it. It means that restaurants and bars are open a little later close to the hotel. The hotel itself is in a quiet street off the main drag so there's no disturbance.Breakfast was fine - coffee, tea, juices and toast with jams or soft cheese. Just enough to start you off for the day. Good size breakfast room with daily papers and tourist info, maps etc.Not particularly cheap, but comparable to other hotels of a similar class. Very nice place to stay and thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>DAEsmae
<Content>Great location, very personal service We booked this hotel based on ratings on this site for the last few nights of a honeymoon trip, looking for a non-chain experience.Due to planned activities we did not see a great deal of the staff or run into other guests. What contact we had with the staff was excellent, however. They drew us maps, wrote us notes when we got in late and they wanted to update us, offered to make arrangements for us, and were very helpful in every way. This is the outstanding service that makes small places like this ever so much nicer to stay in than chain hotels - like hospitable relatives who are helpful but you don't have to make small talk with.The location is superb for walking around or a myriad of activities. Free (though slow) internet was very appreciated. The room was comfortable, although it was winter and we could not locate a heater to adjust (the provided extra blanket solved the problem).We would stay here again without hesitation.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ingle
<Content>Delightful, offering superb value for $ My husband and I spent a delightful 3 nights in Room 10 at Simpsons. It was a first trip to Australia for both of us, and I believe we fell in love with Sydney certainly partially as a result of the staff at Simpsons and the place itself. We were immediately struck by the warm and personal welcome from Vanessa who greeted us by name and shook our hands even before we had introduced ourselves. She showed us around and painstakingly (not perfunctorily, as is usually the case) marked useful information on a map. She patiently addressed all our questions. That first impression was a strong and very positive one, created by a genuinely service-oriented young woman. It was followed by pleasant interactions with both Marie and Keith - consistently gracious hosts.Room 10 was the brightest room on the second floor. In addition to its charm, it was appointed with small conveniences that one doesn't usually find in one accomodation. They were all present in Room 10 - windows in two directions that opened, a loveseat and coffee table, effective sconces and lamps, a good-sized desk, a small fridge, ample storage room for shoes, hanging and folded clothes, and lots of surface areas for knick-knacks such as sunglasses, guidebooks etc. The bathroom was very small and steamed up quickly, but the rain shower was wonderful. The king bed was two doubles pushed together - not optimal, but perfectly adequate. We made much use of the coffee and tea making service, as we did the computer (and the sherry!) in the drawing room downstairs. The only issue with the room was that, due to a misunderstanding, it did not have the balcony we were expecting. (I believe only one room has a balcony). Vanessa handled this problem promptly, forthrtightly and pleasantly and, after checking their file, offered a 10% discount on the price, which we gladly accepted. The breakfasts were served in an attractive, albeit cold, solarium, with a good selection of continental fare - pastries, toasted breads, bagels and english muffins (with cream cheese and jams), cereals, juices, fresh and dried fruits, and yogurt. Newspapers were provided. The breakfasts were satisfying and we did not leave the table wanting. The neighbourhood could not have been better. It was ideal - replete with trendy bars, restaurants, and shops and close to the sites without being downtown alongside large chain hotels. It had a chic but lived-in feel. Simpsons itself is on Challis, a gorgeous street, with gracious and elegant period establishments. Bus stops were within a block or two - and one bus gets you directly to the harbour, opera house, and all the sites on every visitor's must-see list. We used the busses a lot to get around inexpensively.The only small blemish was on the morning of our departure when unbeknownst to us, we came down to breakfast 30 minutes early (it was a Saturday and breakfast times started and ended later) and were met by server who was less than gracious. I believe difficulty with engligh may have been part of the problem, but she did not smile or explain that unfortunately we were early, or that to try and accomodate us she would try to have things out sooner. Nor did she even try to act or sound accomodating, understanding or reassuring. Rather she appeared annoyed with and disapproving of us, a reaction that was a bit surprising for an inn that otherwise exemplified first-rate, personal service.We will without doubt stay at Simpsons should we return to Sydney, and would wholeheartedly recommend it to anyone. If you are looking for accomodations in Sydney, I can assure you that you will love the vibrant neighbourhood, the charming rooms, the gracious owners, and the attention paid to all the little extra details that made this for us such an enjoyable stay.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>sophisticato
<Content>Perfect location, hosts, stay Challis Avenue is the most beautiful Avenue in Sydney - lined with historic buildings and excellent cafes as well. It was a pleasant bonus to live at Simpsons Hotel for a week. And I say live because Vanessa and Keith really made us feel very welcomed. First of all, the location is excellent - highly recommend Fratelli Paradiso, La Buvette and the Sardine Room. Could have eaten out on Challis Ave the whole week - the quality of the food and beverages was of very high standard - if not the best in Sydney. Simpsons Hotel is a historic building - if you are looking for a trendy, sparse, sterile apartment, then look elsewhere. If you are wanting to experience Australian history and be surrounded with beautiful Australian antiques and artwork - then stay here. The lounge/library is an excellent place to retreat to after a long day of sightseeing. Keeping in mind that the building is over a hundred years old, they have done a great job in decorating it. The king bed was the most comfortable one I have slept in other than my own!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>greenspecs99
<Content>Could not have been better There's not much to add that hasn't already been said! Its a lovely place, well situated and a delight to stay in. Keith, Mairie and Vanessa were the ideal hosts - helpful and full of ideas and useful tips for sightseeing. There are lots of restaurants to choose from in the area too.Hospitality extended beyond the expected, too. We arrived at 7.45 am after a very long flight. Of course, our room was not ready but we had use of a bathroom to shower and change in, as well as breakfast (not charged for). It's clear why this hotel is currenty #1 in Tripadvisors list for Sydney.  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rogerandjenny
<Content>Victorian Splendour with a hint of the Unusual This heritage hotel is located in a trendy area within easy walking distance of waterside restaurants, the Botanical Gardensand the Opera House etc.Breakfast is served in the Conservatory and the bedrooms are furnished in keeping with the period. The decor of the lounge is traditional, very comfortable and and has a wonderful collection of unusual objet d'art.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ardent_traveller_7
<Content>Friendly and luxurious boutique hotel Where can I start? This is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. It's most like having friends of friends invite you to stay at their lovely big house with your own bit of the house to come and go as you please!Nothing was too much trouble for Vanessa and Keith, and they were both truly welcoming and generous with their time, trouble and attention. We benefited most from Vanessa (simply because of the times/ days we were at the hotel), who recommended things to do etc.The room was beautiful as was the whole place. Incidentally, there's access to a PC for the internet. I can wholeheartedly recommend that you stay here! the location was perfect, just a short stroll from the botanical gardens and from there to the city centre and the bay.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>WAG1940
<Content>The reviews are correct This is a short review as so much has been said in other reviews about this excellent hotel We particularly liked the friendliness and help from Keith ,Marie and Vanessa who helped us celebrate our friends 60th and gave good advice on restaurants and everything else After a hard day there are good restaurants within five minutes walk and it is a lovely walk through the Botanic Gardens to the Opera House . Beats getting the bus. A lovely atmosphere here surrounded by quality furniture in a historic house. You cannot beat it  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Traveller294Sydney
<Content>Peaceful elegance Simpsons is an elegant Victorian hotel located in a quiet street close to the harbour and Kings Cross. The staff are professional, helpful and unobtrusive. The rooms are large and nicely furnished. It is like staying in a gentleman's club - very elegant, understated and quiet.A healthy Continental breakfast is served in the conservatory and fresh flowers perfume the foyer. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Keepupwiththejones
<Content>Superb value for money and perfect location The house was lovely the rooms quite nice. We booked the BB having read Tripadvisor recommendation and weren't disappointed. The location is perfect - just a short walk through Botanical Gardens to city centre. The staff (particularly Vanessa) were very helpful.Not a first class hotel but certainly very good value for money BB in expensive city. Only slight problem for us, admittedly VERY light sleepers, was there was some traffic noise - which could be remedied by secondary double glazing - obviously you wouldn't want to change the original, beautiful windows.Definitely recommend to anyone visiting Sydney.Agree with earlier reviewer that Lilianfels is wonderful but don't forget it's more than twice the price of Simpsons.Forty somethings, Oxford, England  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>Taihape
<Content>Four day stop-over From my first enquiry email (booking a room) through to our early morning departure at the end of our stay, Keith, Marie  Vanessa gave us friendly service and advice to cram as much as possible into our 4 days of exploring Sydney. The hotel is beautifully restored and a welcome departure from the modern purpose- built, big chain clones. Our king-sized room at the back of the hotel was comfortable and bright, with writing table, sofa, and provision for tea and coffee making. The ensuite was small but spotless, the room quiet, and the staff unobstrusively helpful. Free internet access was available in the downstairs lounge/reading room 24/7. A delightful stay and a definite will return.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LEDSydney
<Content>Felt special...... Our experience varies from previous guests due to the fact that we are Sydney siders. Our overnight stay was acquired through a Breast Cancer fund raiser, that the owners of the Simpsons very kindly donated to. Even though we were not paying customers so to speak, we were welcomed with the same warmth and sincerity. This was to be a special weekend for us as we were celebrating birthdays and unbeknown to the hosts, I myself had recently undergone cancer treatment. We were not disappointed. The room, diningroom, lounge etc. all kept in the hotel's historical period had a lovely ambiance and was kept very clean. It is located close to great restaurants and just a short walk away from the most beautiful harbour in the world. Even friends that we had dined with were so impressed that they intend staying next time they are in town. If you're looking for great accommodation, you can find it anywhere in a number of lovely places all over Sydney.....but they would not have that special touch that makes the Simpsons unique. Thank you to everyone at the Simpsons for leaving us with a wonderful memory of a very special weekend.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>DanJamLondon
<Content>Fabulous  We stayed at Simpsons of Potts Point in early February. This charming hotel is in perfect condition with beautiful woodwork and stained glass windows. The bedrooms are spacious and clean and the communal areas are comfortable and contain a number of travel guides and a computer with free Internet access. Both Vanessa  Keith, the hotel managers, were extremely helpful recommending various sites to visit in and around Sydney and assisting us with booking both dinner and day-spa reservations. For those who haven't been to Sydney before, this hotel is only a short walk away from the Botanical Gardens and the famous Rocks district. So if you are looking for charming hotel near the top tourist destinations in Sydney, we would highly recommend Simpsons of Potts Point!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>blue-lobster
<Content>just fab we stayed here in March 2008, having stayed before and it was as fab as ever.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>honohar
<Content>Wonderful Bed and Breakfast We stayed at Simpsons at Potts Point in Jan. 2008. It is a wonderful small hotel. The rooms are charming and the house had a comfortable feeling throughout. The staff was very helpful with directions as well as booking a tour to the Hunter Valley. The hotel/bb is centrally located to the center of Sydney. The breakfast was continental with an excellent variety. I would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tulitulip
<Content>Awesome Place       Breakfast area  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paultubby
<Content>Great Hotel Great little hotel in a good location,the owner gave us some great tips and ideas to make our stay even better. Lovely breakfast served. Some very nice restaurants are within easy walking of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JacquiRLondon
<Content>Small, friendly and helpful When looking for a hotel in Sydney we found that Simpson's would cost about the same as staying in the Mercure or similiar, so decided to book it. I am very pleased that we did. Our room was large and well appointed, with a couch and magazines, fridge and kettle with coffee and tea. Although billed as a continental breakfast it was the best BB breakfast we encountered, with plenty of choice. The lounge area was very inviting with comfortable chairs, magazines and plenty of guide books. The glass of port was a nice touch. The free Internet was very welcome.We arrived late but Keith (the host) had emailed us with details of how to get in and was very helpful the next morning in making suggestions as to where to go. Our daughter was staying at Simpsons a couple of weeks after us, and we wanted to leave some treats for her and her husband. When we asked Keith if we could leave something for her he arranged the whole thing for us and all we had to provide was a greetings card.The hotel is in a quiet side street. Apart from the steep hill down to Woollomoloo it wasa very pleasant 20 min walk across the botanic garden to circular quay. There were plenty of restauraunts within walking distance of the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>kazzy1
<Content>Most relaxing hotel in Sydney!! This hotel is ideally situated for all the main attractions in Sydney but away from the hustle and bustle. It is very laid back but provides everything to a very high standard. Our room was spotlessly clean and very comfortable. The lounge and breakfast areas are very inviting and spacious. The breakfast was fresh and plentiful and an ideal opportunity to meet fellow travellers and exchange ideas about places to visit. Our hosts were very friendly and a great help with organising airport transfers, booking our favourite restaurant for us and providing us with ideas on where to visit with their vast knowledge of the local area. It is a very relaxed hotel and suited us perfectly - we would not hesitate to stay there again should we revisit Sydney in the future.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>travelbee777
<Content>Pleasant mistake! I stayed here for one night in November 2007. On my arrival to Sydney, after 24hrs of travelling, I arrived at the Best Western Azure Apts. Unfortunately, there was an error on the Wotif booking site where I had my confirmation but the hotel didnt receive theirs, thus, no hotel room for me (see my review, Shaky start but nice stay for Best Western). Best Western immediately called Simpsons nearby, to see if they had a room to accomodate us  they did. Although it wasn't in the BB itself, it was right next door in an apt. building. (I don't know if its part of the BB or a separate business because I didnt see it mentioned on their website) The apt. was immaculate. It was a contemporary styled one bedroom apartment w/a small complete kitchenette,  nice view. Nicer than the room, were the staff. The owners were beyond pleasant. Keith had made us feel very welcome from the moment we arrived. He showed us around  took the time to map out what we could do, where to eat, or what market to go to if we wanted to cook in our apt. The tropical, brick paved entrance was beautiful. There was what I think was a reading area or den, and an area where one could use their internet (free). Though we weren't officially booked w/Simpsons, they were kind enough to offer us breakfast the next morning when I had stopped by to use their internet. Their breakfast area was a beautiful, bright  airy room; exactly like their website pic. Their breakfast was basic but good; breads, fruits, juices, cereal, fresh coffee. Satisfying.We had a wonderful conversation with one of their staff members (Marie, Maria?) from Columbia. She was such a sweet woman,  when we had mentioned that we would have loved to continue our stay there (we were due to go back to Best western after our 1 night stay), she immediately spoke w/the owner to see if we could be accomodated. Unfortunately, they were fully booked. We really enjoyed/loved this place. From the pics on their site, would haved loved to actually stay in one of their charming BB rooms, though the apt was quite nice. I understand we all have different tastes, but if you're expecting luxury  pampering, white glove style as you're accustomed to, then by all means book those types of accomodations. But if you're looking for wonderful, home-style  personal charm, with wonderful personal attention, then Simpsons is the place to be.The location- nice restaurants, close to the Royal Botanic Garden (about15-20min, walking) which was beautiful! An extra 15/20mins would bring you to the CBD. ut if walking isnt your thing there were buses  many taxis to hail.All in all, wonderful place  would definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PuckStop
<Content>A Unique and Welcoming Experience We stayed here for about 5 days during our visit to Sydney in Sept 2007. I booked the Simpsons based on the reviews on TripAdvisor, and we were not disappointed. The property sits in a quiet - mainly residential - area, but is only 1-3 blocks away from restaurants, laundry services, and some small markets. There is a supermarket nearby, and our room had a small mini-fridge where we would put some juice and water.The people here made our stay very enjoyable. We arrived early in the morning - well before check-in time - but I had already contacted the hotel about this and they were able to accommodate our needs. On a few mornings we arrived 15-30 minutes before breakfast time, but the staff went out of their way to help us out on those days. They were also able to provide us with detailed maps and opinions on hotels and sights throughout the city. On a day we drove to the Blue Mountains, they even loaned us a driving tour book from the library to make sure we got the most out of our day.Breakfast is held in a beautiful sun room, and includes a nice variety of cereals, yogurt with fruit, breads and juices. The french-press coffee is great, too!Overall, this was a great hotel focused on service and a personal touch. We felt right at home.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Tartan69
<Content>Simply fabulous The accommodation highlight of our Oz trip. Staff were extremely friendly  went out of their way to give us advice and assistance.The house is beautiful in a fantastic location, just 15mins walk through Botanic gardens to city center and minutes from nightlife of Kings Cross.Rooms are well appointed with elegant furnishings and nice touches like magazines. The shared lounge is great for internet access, book browsing  free port.Breakfast is delicious. Simple muesli  bread selection - exactly what you want so you can embark on a day of eating your way round Sydney.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drmrussellphd
<Content>Best Small Hotel Experience We stayed for three nights this last December and had an amazing time. The room..#3 was teriffic; there were 2 beds for 3 of us and there was plenty of room. The Inn is lovely and beautifully decorated...very clean and feels like home. The best part, of course, were the owners, who were very friendly and gave us perfect suggestions for our few days in Sydney- truly, Mari and Keith, the owners, were just amazing. The breakfasts were self-serve continental style, but very filling and there was always fruit for noshing. Another highpoint was the neighborhood, Potts Point, which was charming, quiet, full of top notch restaurants and easy walking distance to all points of interest via the amazing Royal Botanical Gardens. We were so happy that we cancelled our room at the Mariott on the HArbour and took our chances with this little gem. For the money, it really is a terrific value. We will stay here every time we come back to Sydney, which we hope is very often. You will love it!!-MicheleAhwahnee  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rags2riches00
<Content>number 1 in Sydney ?????? I use to think tripadvisors ranking system had some respected system behind it but apparently things have changed. I agree with the writers below that I would not classify this as a boutique hotel by any means. Places like the Establishment, Echo's, Lilianfels, or even the Medusa are more along this classification. Although The Simpson's is a nice bed and breakfast and has a nice mi casa es su casa feel to it, this simply isn't enough to make it number 1 out of 229 other hotels. Their rooms are basic and are along the lines of the 3 stars that they show however I feel strongly that their rate is just a bit high for what they offer. Nevertheless,this simply isn't the number one place to stay in Sydney. If you looking for the number one BB than maybe however to see the Simpson's 13 spots above the Park Haytt simply doesn't add up.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>youngandfiftyish
<Content>Not what we'd call boutique We've stayed in boutique hotels recently in South Africa and were expecting something similar.Simpsons is in a pleasant position in a residential road about 20/30 minutes walk to the Opera House. There are a couple of excellent restauants in the area (booking advisable).We were welcomed by the delightful Vanessa who was very much Simpsons to us. The reception rooms and dining room were fine. Our room (called a suite?) by the hotel was a reasonable size with settee and a view through a large window overlooking the not particularly attractive back street.Although the building is handsome it very much needs certainly redecoration and a little refurbishment. Boutique we believe should be modern or striking this is more shabby without the chic.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>Katharine_Richard
<Content>Better than 5 star..... This is not a 5 star international hotel. This is something better. Simpsons is a delightful boutique hotel with extremely friendly staff in a nice area. We spent 9 nights there in December 2007. We could not have been made to feel more welcome from the moment we were greeted with a big smile by Vanessa to when Keith waved us off in our taxi to the airport. We look forward to returning to Simpsons in the future.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jg415
<Content>Great place to stay in Sydney My wife and I stayed at Simpsons of Potts Point in November for 3 nights. Like most everyone who has reviewed it on this site, we had a wonderful stay. The property is a beautiful historic house, very nicely furnished and comfortable. The neighborhood is great; you feel like you are living among residents of Sydney in one of the nicest areas in town. It is a short, enjoyable walk to the Opera House, ferries, and most of the CBD through the botanic gardens. Finally the staff is really wonderful, very helpful and hospitable. Would love to stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SusieBon
<Content>So friendly! What a wonderful start to my Oz adventure.I received such a warm and friendly welcome.The staff are so friendly.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Doctor_Fly
<Content>Simpsons is Great! My wife and I just returned from a trip to Australia for our honeymoon. We stayed the first two nights in Sydney at Simpsons. The building is a beautifully restored mansion in the Potts Point suburb of Sydney. The location is nice and quiet, but well within walking distance to the Royal Botanical Gardens and to the city proper. Although these two features themselves are worthy of a stay, the best part of Simpsons are the hosts. Keith and Vanessa (didn't get a chance to meet Marie) were the nicest, friendliest, most helpful people on our entire trip (and every Australian we met was friendly). Keith even provided some suggested itineraries that we ended up following and were very pleased with his recommendations. We liked Simpsons so much that we booked our final two nights with them as well (the rest of the time was spent exploring areas outside of Sydney). We're so happy that we used TripAdvisor to decide on a BB for Sydney since the review in the Lonely Planet guide mentioned that Simpsons was charming despite sniffy management. Charming - absolutely, Sniffy - couldn't be further from the truth. So, trust the overwhelming positive responses on TripAdvisor for Simpsons. We did and were very pleased!  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanberraTraveller_7
<Content>A beautiful place to stay I can't praise this bed and breakfast enough. Great location, terrific service, beautifully appointed rooms and yummy breakfast.A great place to stay either for a romantic getaway or with friends/family etc.We had a really great time and would go back in a second.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bryan4134
<Content>A real jewel! We recently spent 7 nights at Simpsons. It is a delightful property with hosts who go beyond the call of duty in every respect. The rooms are emmaculate and comfortable, the breakfast healthy and wholesome. The location is perfect - it is closer enough to the city to walk (through beautiful parklands) and yet far enough away to be peaceful. There are many small excellent restaurants within a few hundred yards of the hotel. We especially enjoyed the complimentary port and sherry in the guests' lounge! Throughly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NLDMorrisville_PA
<Content>Beyond the call of duty We had a wonderful experience staying at the Simpson's of Potts Point. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. The room we stayed in was very tastefully decorated as was the whole BB. We never needed a car while in Sydney because of the great location of Simpson's. We walked to all the nearby restaruants, to Hyde Park, the botanical gardens and to catch the many ferries. What really made our stay so special was when we had left the Simpson's in a shuttle to the airport. The Simpson's called the shuttle to let them know that my husband had left his carry-on bag containing our passports and boarding passes at the BB. We called when we got to the airport and spoke with Keith Wherry. Keith told us not to worry, he would bring our bag to the airport in time for us to catch our plane. As promised, 20 minutes later, Keith pulls up with my husband's bag. He didn't have to do that, he could have just sent it in a cab, but that's not the way they treat their guests at the Simpson's.Morrisville, PA USA  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mackiernan
<Content>The personal touch in Sydney We recently spent 3 nights at Simpsons on our first visit to Sydney. Upon arrival we were greeted by Keith Wherry who, with pre-prepared map in hand, advised us on how to best take advantage of our limited time. In light of the beautiful weather he steered us to a nearby waterside restaurant as opposed to our original plan to book a less scenic venue. The Woolloomooloo Wharf is a 5 minute walk from the hotel with waterside dining and an unanticipated view of the bats arising from the Sydney Botanical Gardens. Simpsons is a good 20 minute walk from Circular Quay although one is tempted to spend hours strolling though the gardens enroute. Taxis are an inexpensive alternative, especially on the way back so as to avoid a somewhat uphill climb. The hotel is a converted Victorian with period furnishings and interesting art. Our room (number 10, the Victoria) was very comfortable and spacious with a large walk-in shower. The air-conditioned hotel was a welcome refuge after a hard day of sightseeing. The internet connection in the study was very efficient although one is tempted to lounge in the leather sofas, reading the owner's Rolls Royce literature and drinking sherry, instead. The staff was very pleasant and Mr. Wherry was a congenial host who was very flexible in meeting our travel needs upon departure. Simpsons is an ideal alternative for those who do not wish to stay in a downtown highrise and appreciate a more neighborly atmosphere.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rain4est
<Content>Beautiful B My husband and I spent 6 nights in a lovely 1 bedroom apartment adjacent to this BB. We liked the sleek modern style of the apartment, which was very different from the main house full of antiques and stained glass windows, which was also very beautiful. Our apartment was in a building next door, so it was easy to go down for breakfast (2 flights of stairs, no lift) but not necessary because it had a fully equipped kitchen complete with breakfast items. A very nice touch was a vase of beautiful bright flowers on the table on our arrival.Breakfast in the main house was a friendly affair from 8-10, lots of fruits, yogurt, nuts, cereals, breads, sliced meats, juice, fresh coffee and tea. The other guests were friendly and full of information and the hosts were available to help you plan excursions or give directions to places. One of the pleasant aspects of stayingin a BB is for us meeting other travellers. This doesn't happen as easily in big hotels. The hosts were in a word, wonderful.The neighborhood includes nice resturants, delis, coffeeshops, a grocery store, post office and felt safe to walk around. Its about a 30 minute walk to downtown, or maybe a bit longer through the royal botanical gardens to the opera house and circular quay, where you can catch ferryboats to all around the harbour. There's a train station about 8 minutes walk from the property, we road the train in from the airport, its easy and efficient and just a short walk to Simpsons from the Kings Cross Station.Be sure to visit the lovely beaches while you're here, just a short train or ferry ride away. We also enjoyed a daytrip to the blue mountains, nice break from the city sights.The wireless internet was great, but wasn't 100% reliable. Sometimeswe could log in from the apartment and sometimes we had to go down to the main house. For us this was not a big deal.I feel this is a good value and recommend it to fellow travellers.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandstones
<Content>Good, but a few disappointments The pros: very helpful owner - both when making the reservation and while staying there, less than a block to numerous excellent restaurants, overall appearance is nicely done upper end antique, comfortable rooms. Free Wifi worked well, and there is a public PC as well.The cons: breakfast was pretty mediocre (supermarket bread, english muffins, cereal etc), and after 2 days of the identical stuff we started going to the Italian cafe up the street. Maintenance was a bit spotty as well - some things like the rusty door handles to the bathroom and the door to the built-in mini refrigerator that didn't seem to close didn't fit with the overall image.Overall I thought it was a bit pricey for what we got. The location was good in that there are great restaurants in Potts Point, but not so good in that its a 20-30 minute walk to downtown and all the attractions. There is a bus, but its a pretty circular route that takes longer than walking to most places, and during most of the day only comes every half hour.The Fratelli Paridiso - Italian restaurant and cafe - just up the street was wonderful - both for breakfast and dinner. Its also very popular - we got there at 6:45 on a Monday night and got the next to last table.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	3	4	

<Author>akanakagawa
<Content>Superb location and service After seeing the raves on Tripadvisor and coming for only a brief visit to Sydney after a medical mission to Papua New Guinea, we looked to Simpson's for a treat. We were not disappointed!!! Ideally located within walking distance of almost everything worth seeing in a very worth-seeing city, Simpson's offered superb service and a beautiful, warm, inviting atmosphere. The Cloud Room had a window facing the tree-lined, quiet street and offered lots of amenities including champagne, candy and fresh flowers, a corner fireplace as well as a jacuzzi tub! Our breakfast was taken in a very sunny solarium and there was complementary sherry or port to warm the cool evenings. Jackie, the proprietor, was extremely helpful with suggestions for trips and meals and there was high speed internet available for free in the well appointed living room/library. We could not have been more satisfied!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JackieNamibia
<Content>As good as they said Simpson鈥檚 is not for those seeking the kind of experience you get from the Holiday Inn or one of the big chains of hotels. It is small, intimate and friendly. Our room was beautifully furnished, the owners and staff were friendly, and there was a beautiful cosy living room with a fire always burning, which was just right for reading stories to a jet-lagged three-year old at three in the morning!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	3	5	5	

<Author>isabel88
<Content>Classic elegance and charm Simpsons is a charming, quiet, well appointed bed and breakfast within easy walking distance of the centre of Sydney. We enjoyed the classic decor and spacious, comfortable room.The staff were very warm and welcoming and went out of their way to assist us with car parking and other requests. The continental breakfast provided a good variety of options and was very filling. We enjoyed our stay very much and will be returning there when next in Sydney.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Rollin_along_Mom
<Content>Like Staying at Gramma's--only better! Our family, which consisted of 8 persons, stayed at Simpsons for a week. The care was very helpful and personal. Not only were confirmations made via e-mail, but a follow-up afterwards to make sure we enjoyed our stay. The staff helped with securing tours and transportation, as well as offered touring information. We did not rent a car, so we depended on public transportation. There is a bus stop at the end of the road, so it wasn't too bad. There is also a grocery store and laundry mat within walking distance.The rooms were decorated like gramma's house, so it didn't feel hotel-like. The breakfast accommodations were wonderful--everyone found something they liked. We definitely recommend!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>diannuccia
<Content>Comfortable, elegant and relaxed We had a most comfortable stay here and would endorse other recommendations. Our room on the ground floor was spacious, attractively furnished and most comfortable. It was great to return here to relax at the end of a day's sightseeing. It was also particularly good to be able to eat at the excellent local restaurants.We appreciated the suggestions made by Keith for restaurants and also for places to visit during the day - his maps were very helpful and enhanced our first visit to Sydney.Although the hotel is away from the centre the walk through the Botanical Gardens was very beautiful and our first sight of the flying foxes was memorable.Breakfast was relatively simple but good.We are looking forward to a return visit next time we visit Australia and would definitely recommend Simpsons.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>JandJDaniel
<Content>Awesome!! We stayed at Simpsons for 2 nights at the end of our 2 week trip to Australia. It was really wonderful in every way! We arrived later than our expected check-in time on a rainy evening and Jackie said she was worried about us - there was no check in as she was waiting for us to come. We stayed in the Cloud Suite and found it to be very comfortable. Large jacuzzi tub and shower stall in the bathroom. The location is wonderful and we walked everywhere we went- from the great pizza place nearby to the Opera House by way of the beautiful Domain Botanical Gardens. Breakfast was very nice with cereal, toast, juice and fruit. All staff and other guests were very friendly and welcoming. We felt like we were staying in someone's home rather than a hotel. The decor, the nicely restored old building, welcoming sitting room and the warm hospitality really impressed us. If we ever return to Sydney, you will find us at Simpsons!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NewcastleNat
<Content>Loved the experience Simpsons of Potts Point has become our favourite place to stay when in Sydney. What's not to like about this beautifully restored heritage bed and breakfast in the Potts Point end of Kings Cross?It has friendly staff, comfortable rooms with big beds, and its central location means that Darlinghurst, the Art Gallery etc are within walking distance. Returning from dinner one rainy night, we spent some time in Simpsons' communal library/drawing room, sipping on complimentary port and warming ourselves up in front of the lit fireplace. And our wedding anniversary didn't go unnoticed - chocolates and champagne were waiting in our room for us. Needless to say, we're hooked and will be back!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CharleyG
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel in Fun Residential Neighborhood This small boutique hotel is located in Potts Point which is a 25 minute walk (throught the magnificent botanical garden, but up and down some tall stairways) to the Circular Quay area. It is a short cab ride to anywhere in Sydney. Potts Point is a charming mix of residential, small hotels, shops and restaurants. We had wonderful dinners within a block or two of the hotel. The hotel is kept immaculately, and we stayed for five nights. Our room (#11) was one flight up, over-sized, very quiet, but a touch dark. Bathroom was large and clean. On the ground floor, there is a large living room for guests with reading materials and some sherry to sip to recover from your day of sight seeing. Breakfast is very good, but less elaborate than at other places. The staff (especially Keith) was wonderfully helpful. Keith prepared day trips with maps for us on several occasions. He recommended local restaurants for the evening meal. At the end of our stay, we felt like we were leaving the home of a friend.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JessicaBerry
<Content>Beautifully presented hotel My boyfriend and I have just emigrated from the UK to Australia. Before we settled into Aussie life we took the opportunity to travel to Hong Kong, Sydney, Canberra and Melbourne before arriving and settling in Adelaide.We stayed at Simpsons for 5 nights, we chose to stay at the hotel on tripadviser reviews.Overall the experience was good. The hotel is beautifully presented and the owners/staff are very friendly and helpful.A few minor points though. We were in room number 5 which is next to the breakfast room and each morning we were woke up at 7.30 am by other guests having their breakfast. It would be fine in that room if you like getting up earlier but we prefer to sleep in when we are on holiday, its more a personal choice than a complaint.There was no 'information' in the room regarding breakfast times and we had to contact staff by phone to find this out which as it was late at night when we arrived we felt it would have been helpful if the information was in our room so we did not need to disturb anyone.The walk into Sydney is approx 20 minutes however you do need to go up and down 2 sets of stairs which are quite steep.Overall though we had a very positive experience and I would recommend Simpsons to friends and family.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	4	

<Author>WinKz
<Content>Just beautiful After reading about #1 ranked Simpsons on TripAdvisor, I just had to try it for myself. Arranged for our last night's stay there (May 6)Very boutique. No check-in! They were already expecting us. Gave us simple instructions via the intercom, buzzed the door open and we were left on our own.We booked the Dormer room, and was given a room on the 3rd floor. There's no elevator or bell-boy. =) we lugged our bags up. Found our room all ready and key on the room door. The room was just beautiful! Exactly as promised on the website, maybe even better. Spacious and grand, I loved it immediately.They have a large and exquisite reading room, which unfortunately we did not have more time to explore. Free internet access came very handy when we were searching for directions.Location: Just off King's Cross. U can easily find bars and restaurants open late in the area. But rather far from city centre and cabs don't come by often. We walked to the Rocks market, took about an hour. Met the hotel staff for the first time next morning during breakfast. They were wonderful and very helpful.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>companero
<Content>Extra care and attention We stayed at Simpsons of Potts Point in April. It was the end of a trip to New Zealand for me and my mom, and a short two night stay in Sydney. We were so glad to be at Simpsons. Jackie and Keith were attentive hosts along with the rest of the staff. We stayed at some wonderful places in New Zealand, and Simpsons topped off our trip with a wonderful lasting memory. I still wish I could wake up and go down to the conservatory for the yummy breakfast. The YOGURT! Yum! We were given complimentary passes to a nearby gym (yoga classes etc. if you have time) but unfortunately didn't have time. Keith sketched out the perfect day for us as we had one full day in Sydney. We walked all over (through the Royal Botanic Gardens) --took the ferry to Manley and Shelley Beach, dined, swam, went to the ballet at the Opera House that night and had a full beautiful day. Keith also arranged our taxi for the morning back to the airport. And Jackie and whoever was on staff to cook in the morning allowed us to come down to breakfast early so we could catch our taxi. The nicest staff!! The sitting area is a great place to go read or use the computer (complimentary) or have a glass of port or sherry (complimentary) or borrow a book to read. Our room was a bit musty, but we aired it out and used our wonderful lavendar oils in the bathroom. It is an old house full of charm. Our room wasn't the fanciest (don't remember the name or number--it was very yellow inside and on the second landing level) but the hotel was wonderful over all. We needed two beds. The birds in Sydney are incredible and they serenaded us in the morning. It was a bit of luxury that wasn't horribly overpriced in an expensive city. I will go back if I am ever able!!  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>OldiesKensington
<Content>Warmth and Friendliness We have just returned from an 8 day trip to Sydney where we were recommended a stay at Simpsons by friends of our daughter who had stayed there.We were warmly greeted on arrival and shown to our suite. We had requested a ground floor suite as we are both getting to the no stairs stage of life. This had not been available when we first booked but as there had been a change in bookings they were able to accommodate us.The suite was most comfortable with a Queen sized bed and all the facilities one could ask for.We found that with a quiet 30 minute stroll, we could walk along the water line to the Opera House via the Mrs Macquarie Point area. We could also walk through the gardens to the centre of Sydney.We were most impressed with the service provided by Simpsons and we particularly appreciated the breakfasts which were filling and healthy with fresh fruit, cereals, toast and tea of coffee plus the little extras which make life worthwhile.Staff were very friendly and helpful with information on current events and shows available in Sydney.We will not hesitate to recommend Simpsons to others and will certainly stay there next time we are in Sydney.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bukina_faso
<Content>Fantastic!! Do yourself a favour and stay here What a find! After spending a few hours searching the net for somewhere to stay in Sydney, I read the reviews on trip advisor and am so glad I did. We arrived after a long flight at 8am in the morning and as soon as we walked through the door the staff could not be any more helpful. Our room wasn't ready, but they said another room was ready if we didn't mind upgrading (at no extra cost). The room itself was amazing and have to say the bed was the most comfortable one I have ever slept on. There is alot in the area, supermarket, chemist, great pubs and bottle shops and it is only a short walk to the city. Would definatly stay here again!!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bandita
<Content>!st class hotel amentities with B I booked this hotel because of the rave reviews on Trip Advisor, and we were not disappointed. It is a small hotel in walking distance or a short bus ride away from everything we wanted to do on our first visit to Sydney. Located on a quiet street it is an immaculately clean exquistely furnished with period pieces combined with modern comforts such as free internet, small fridges, air conditioning, television and radio plus tea and coffee supplies. Jaquie checked us in one evening, helped get our heaviest bag upstairs - (no elevator) and was there to serve breakfast and provided travel and dining advice the next morning. She was still there when we arrived back that night! The bed was fabulous, and the room beautifully decorated and had everything we required. This was our last stop on a five week holiday, and a splendid way to end a fantastic trip. Thanks Jacquie and everyone who made our stay memorable.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alluvium
<Content>Could not have been better We arrived late at Simpsons and received such a warm welcome that we knew then we were in a special place.Simpsons is a gracious hotel with great style.where the personal touch is important and whereyour name is actually remembered.Our room was spacious and comfortable and the breakfasts in the conservatory were really 'yummy'.Keith, Jackie and Marie were friendly and helpful and went out of their way to give us information about where to visit.Staying at Simpsons certainly enhanced our visit to Sydney, and after a busy day out it was good to return to this small intimate and friendly hotel.The walk into Sydney wasn't too bad, and we even climbed the steps on the way back (although we did take a taxi to that point!).We liked the restaurants at the top of the street and thegeneral atmosphere of the area.All in all, Simpsons is a fabulous place to stay, and we shall return.We even received a welcome home email - how personal and friendly is that.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LisJ
<Content>Terrific personal service We are a family of four with two teenage daughters and stayed at Simpsons for one week in April. We want to endorse all the positive comments made here. From the start we were made to feel so welcome and Jacqui had made sure we had interconnecting rooms with a cool balcony! Everyone at the hotel was so friendly and Keith had lots of advice on where to go, even where to eat, and provided us with maps and travel hints. The rooms are of a high standard 鈥?you would pay so much more in big hotels without the personal service. NB: possibly the most comfortable bed ever! The location is excellent and the view towards the Botanical Gardens and the harbour will linger long in the memory. By great fortune, Simpsons is also very convenient for a close relative who lives in Potts Point so we shall definitely be back.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>terpprof
<Content>What a great combo of business and tourism I spent two WEEKS at Simpsons in late March and it was wonderful. I will definitely try to come back - certainly I will stay there any time I return to Sydney.Like Cheers, this is definitely a place where everyone knows your name. I was welcomed off my early morning long flight from US with a lovely bathroom and shower, to refresh. My bags were lugged by nice people (thank you, Jackie?) up the incredible Victorian staircase to my charming garrett room (which I had picked, on-line). The room was something out of a child (and adult) dream, with TV and fridge cleverly hidden in the decorative cupboards. It was a joy to explore.Morning breakfast was a joy as well, with the home-made rhubarb compote a special treat in the sunny breakfast room. The whole place has wireless internet, which was a major decision in my choice of hotel given the length of my stay - I didn't want to be nickled and dimed for my necessary hookups with my work back home...Folks were personable and helpful- I don't know where to begin. The location is also to die for as they say in some circles. Walk out the door and you overlook downtown Sydney, the Bridge, and the roof of the Opera House; the stairs down to the Gardens and whole tourist area are but a short block away. Go the other way, and there are restaurants galore, and, for long-stayers such as me, a grocery 'round the corner (Woolworth's, downstairs, no, it is not a 5 and dime in OZ), and a majorly good bottle shop a few blocks further.So, the place has ambiance to beat the band (the downstairs area, sitting room, breakfast area, etc, is story-book like), great rooms, equal to any majorly lux hotel I have stayed in recently, although maybe not as large), and persona that you can't find in too many other places.I am a pretty road-worn traveler, and this was JUST great. Thanks to Keith, Jackie and all the others... still tired from my trip so forgive if I don't mention you all by name...  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>swartzlosgatos
<Content>Great Place My husband and I recently stayed at Simpson's of Potts Point. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay. Our room was like a suite. It was very comfortable with a nice view. Breakfast, an extended continental was ample. It was served in a lovely room.The owners and assistants were very friendly and very helpful.They made great suggestions as to where to go and where to eat.This bed and breakfast is well located and there are many small restaurants, and cafes nearby. We strongly recommend this bed and breakfast place.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RetiredBrit
<Content>Good hotel of character We picked Simpson's up via Tripadvisor, whose readers rated it #1 in Sydney. We were initially uneasy at being so far from the city (we thought) but the experience has been wonderful. The building is every bit as characterful as the publicity says; it is thoughfully and tastefully decorated and furnished in period; the area is quiet and attractive. For more money we could have stayed somewhere designed by Lego and staffed by zombie temps. Instead we stayed at P's Pt, a short walk (20 mins)through wonderful parkland to the city (or the 311 bus every 30 mins for $2.80, takes 15 mins or so to Circular Quay). The staff and owners behave as if their customers are PEOPLE, not numbers (a revolutionary concept in today's hospitality industry), with help and advice freely offered. Our room (no 5, if you are lucky enough to get it) was on the ground floor, large and well furnished. Breakfast is 'continental', with a range of carbs and fruit, all of it interesting and of high quality. It is also the first place I have stayed in that offered decaf tea, rendering my own supply redundant. I loved it here and only hope that they do not read their reviews, else the price will run far ahead of my ability to pay. Sydney is an amazing city, but staying here has enhanced the experience of our visit out of all recognition. If only all hotels could be like this....  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oztravelhound
<Content>Ideal for Aussies too We've also found our new home in Sydney. Perfect for a long weekend. Superior room was huge with plush, new furnishing in a house with olde worlde ambience. Challis Avenue is a row of mainly terrace houses with the city skyline over the Botanic Gardens at the end. Take a walk down the steps (there are 111 of them) to the new Woolloomoolloo wharf restaurant precinct - much better than Darling harbour (less touristy, buzzing with locals who come to buy a meat pie at midnight at Harry's, and a great city skyline view) - or walk uphill just round the corner to 'Yellow (the hip dessert place for coffee). Stored our bags all day after checkout AND able to shower before catching plane back to Brisbane AND they offered to call the taxi for us. Breakfast was healthy and filling, with nice touches - be it the cranberrry juice, rubarb compote, crisp white tablecloths or overflowing weekend papers. Not only can't we think of any reason to stay in the higher priced city hotels again, we can't think of anything we'd want changed about Simpsons.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Girlsgetaway33
<Content>Short but Sweet A short visit to see the two great Queens in Sydney Harbour was made all the better with our two night stay at Simpsons. It was perfectly located a short walk from the City (and just up the street from where Queen Mary 2 was docked), the family room was great for three adults, breakfast was brilliant and the staff friendly, welcoming. and very helpful. T  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gilliansc
<Content>Style at Simpsons Simpson's is an elegant boutique' bed and breakfast hotel in Potts Point, walking distance of the Botanical Gardens, Kings Cross, Opera House etc. Decor is antiques in tastefully decorated rooms, with a sunny breakfast room and large lounge with magazines and books, free internet connection. Staff are particularly friendly and helpful, will find out train times, give advice etc. We had a really lovely stay and would recommend it unreservedly. Well worth paying for!  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GeriLa
<Content>TLC Downunder Simpsons of Potts Point has all the comfort of an excellent hotel but much more warmth - the personal touch. They are interested in their guests. Breakfast is healthy and great. They went out of their way to be helpful. They passed complimentary tickets for the Opera House tour onto us. Our departure flight was evening, hours after room check-out. There were facilities for us to change and shower before leaving for the airport. If we visit Sydney again, we won't stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>awsculli
<Content>Loved seeing the two Queens! We unintentionally coincided our 6 night visit to Sydney with the first time that the QE2 and QM2 had been seen together in Sydney. An unforgettable week in a homely hotel just outside the central areas of Sydney. On the plus side, Keith and Marie made us feel most welcome, and gave valuable advice on what to see and do in Sydney. The interactive breakfasts were a great opportunity to exchange ideas and recommendations with other guests. Our room was large, comfortable and well appointed and was serviced daily. There are some fabulous chic restaurants at the other end of Challis Avenue, and in Wooloomooloo. On the minus side, the walk to areas of interest got to be rather tedious (those notorious steps) and we found ourselves getting taxis home on more than one occasion. Breakfast itself was rather samey (continental), although adequate. All in all an enjoyable experience that we would recommend to those who want that personal touch, who enjoy walking and who don't mind being just that little bit removed from the centre of things.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>Rhi-Ali
<Content>Great Hotel, Great People, Great Service !!!! We have stayed here many times and are always amazed by the service and attention to detail that Keith and his team provide - definetely a home from home. The location is fantastic and the rooms are big. (They dont charge for internet access or parking -something that REALLY irratates me in the big hotels!!) Potts Point is away from the normal tourist traps of the CBD and only a very short cab ride to Darling Harbour, Circular Keys etc. Hard to fault this place - just a very well run boutique hotel and very reasonably priced for what you get. We will be going back again for sure.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>roddybenhurst
<Content>A lovely hotel with character My wife and I had a lovely stay at Simpsons of Potts Point in January this year and cannot recommend it enough. Keith, Marie, John and the rest of the team made us very welcome and nothing was too much trouble. They were always on-hand to offer any advice regarding our stay.The hotel has been beautifully renovated and was very homely and had a great character which is more preferable than the impersonal larger hotels that are on offer. The hotel is very well looked after and our room was very clean and comfortable. There was a varied selection of food for breakfast which was served in a lovely, airy dining room.Free use of the internet and the complimentary port while using it were also very much appreciated.The hotel is situated in a great area and the main CBD and main sights are a lovely walk through the Botanical Gardens.I must say that the bus was always welcome at the end of a day鈥檚 sight-seeing !There is a cluster of good restaurants within walking distance nearby and we did not have one bad meal while we were there. You can also take a short walk to some great restaurants at the Wharf at Woollomooloo.Can鈥檛 wait to stay there again next time we are lucky enough to find ourselves in Sydney. K  K  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Limar
<Content>Great Location, Great Service ! We stayed here for 5 nights to explore the city and surroundings. From the hotel it is a 15 minutes walk to the opera house. Staff gave great recommendations for tours to the hunter valley and the blue mountains. Restaurants can be found really close to the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>kesharoo
<Content>Very nice and different! My wife and I booked at Simpson's through the internet and found the experience of dealing with Keith, Marie and Jacqueline to be very friendly and welcoming. Simpson's is not a hotel, it is a home away from home. The place has been lovingly maintained and the room spacious and the amenities wonderful.Both Marie and Jacqueline were available during the weekend to assist us in our questions and helped us in planning our day. We had a wonderful stay and would definitely return.KC from Malaysia.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>al9249
<Content>Just back, and still smiling... Just back from a fantastic Australia holiday, and we're still smiling about our stay at Simpson's. My husband, the BB hater, was quite nervous about the choice, but I assured him that TripAdvisor has never let us down. The positive reviews here were spot-on. From the moment we arrived (early in the a.m.; lucky for us our room was available), to the moment we left (Keith at the curb helping us into our taxi), the experience was lovely.We travel frequently for pleasure and business. Anyone can book at a large, luxury, corporate hotels, and you'll get a predictable, if not boring experience. Simpson's was such a refreshing change of pace. Room was very spacious, sunny, and very quiet, excellent location, and extremely affable hosts. Felt like home. We loved strolling the neighborhood, and found the restaurant scene to be excellent. The walk through the botanical gardens to the CBD was a great way to start each day. Keith's daily insider suggestions were remarkable. In short, we loved the experience!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cheesemonkey
<Content>Quiet and homely Stayed here last year as a result of recommendations on TripAdvisor and was not disappointed. It provides a quiet, relaxing, homely environment, with lots of character and is within walking distance (or short cab ride) of the city. The hosts are helpful, friendly and welcoming, and the continental breakfast is adequate. Not particularly cheap and not suited to families though. p.s. I was pleased that Keith had a chance to defend himself against his detractor as we booked by e-mail and found him to be polite, patient and efficient.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Flin
<Content>As good as all the reviews I stayed here in the Cloud suite for 5 nights with my fiancee in Jan 07 after spending the previous 14 nights in serviced apartments in Melbourne and Sydney. The change was certainly welcome - Room was very impressive with a large bed, fantastic decor and large jacussi spa in the bathroom. When the jacussi was on it sounded like the bath was going to take off but that all added to the experience.One of the best aspects of the hotel in the communal areas including a big living room with board games, books and free broadband internet access. This room also has a bathroom with shower which makes it ideal if you have a late flight out like we did.Keith the owner was also very helpful with suggestions and tips. Only slight downside was the breakfast - I thought they could do a little more here.Overall highly recommended for something different to mainstream hotels.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>pinkyd
<Content>Lovely Experience! We always look at Trip Advisor when choosing our hotels. Having seen the reviews already posted we had high expectations of this hotel and were not disappointed in any way whatsoever. It was important to us that the hotel met our expectations as it was the start of a very special 3 wk holiday in Australia and we have booked to stay with them for 4 nights. We arrived very early in the morning after a long flight from Hong Kong and were given a very personal welcome by John, the Hotel Manager. As it was so early, our room was not available, but we were given facilities to shower, change and leave our luggage until later in the day. Turning to the accommodation, we usually look to stay in 4*+ large hotels, and had chosen a boutique hotel for the first time. We booked the Cloud Suite as we were travelling with our 15 yr old daughter and needed the extra space. We felt that the Cloud Suite was very reasonably priced and it also included sparkliing wine and chocolates which was appreciated by my wife! The room itself was large, beautifully decorated in an individual style, and also comprised a huge bathroom with a large circular jacuzzi bath and walk-in shower. The room was fresh, immaculately clean, and the bed was extremely comfortable. Having peeked in and seen other rooms in the hotel whilst they were being cleaned, it is apparent that all the rooms are decorated individually and are of a very high standard throughout. We loved the whole feel of the hotel and our daughter appreciated the free internet access in the downstairs drawing room! We were treated as if we were personal guests in a English Country House and nothing was too much trouble. Breakfast was served in a gloriously light room with glass ceilings which allowed the sun to stream through. Both Keith and Marie were on hand at this time in the day to provide advice and ideas when planning the day's itinerary. With respect to the location, do not be concerned that this hotel is not in the city centre. We felt it was better that it is not , because you have the benefit of a delightful 20 min walk to central locations through the Botanical Gardens including great views of the Opera House and Harbour Bridge (the Opera House can be seen from the end of the road that Simpsons is in). In the evenings it is a quick taxi ride back (10 AUD) to the hotel from most central points. A lovely stay, a great start to our holiday and we will always stay at Simpsons Hotel when we return to Australia in the future.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Balancing
<Content>A warm welcome We stayed at Simpsons just after the 14-hour flight from LA, and they couldn't have made us feel more welcome. A room was available early, and so we rested for a bit, and then walked into the city through the botanical garden. What a lovely introduction to Sydney. The breakfasts were lovely, and they actually gave us directions from the airport when we got lost on the way. It was like having family there.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tuttodue
<Content>Lovely!!! My wife and I stayed here based solely on recommendations from Trip advisor. We had five days here and I have to say it was fantastic.The hotel had organised a limo to pick us up from the airport - most welcome after a 15 hour flight - and from there we never looked back. The room was large and clean, breakfast was healthy and fresh and the recommendations of the owner / manager were all spot on (especially the secret cocktail bar at the top end of the street!!!).We would definitely go back as the location was perfect close enough to the city to walk, but far enough away to experience true Sydney life.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Savant66
<Content>Overrated! I must agree with an earlier review about the stoppy service. My wife and I stayed for four nights but had originally booked for five. When we advised we would be leaving a day earlier than planned, it was handled as a major catasrophe. Despite being a few metres away, the Manager communicated with me about this problem by email...!!! He informed me that I would be charged for all nights booked, despite my planned early departure! Now I appreciate that some country house and resort hotels have such a poilcy, but this hotel is in the city of Sydney and they are also charging the same rates as most five star Sydney hotels. I was also staying for several nights and gave them plenty of notice of the change. I found the manger (offline!!) and after a heated confrontation, I eventually got some satisfaction and was not charged for the early departure. However, it is important that people are aware that this is not a hotel to stay at if you are in Sydney on business and there is any chance that you may have to make a change to your reservation. The only other point I would make is that when we arrived on a Sunday afternoon after a 24hr flight from London, there was no one to greet us and I had to call an after hours number to get in. I was given security code instructions for the front door and told my key was in the room. We then had to carry four large suitcases up a flight of stairs with no assistance.Simpsons has an excellent hip location in Potts Point, somewhat ironic for a most un-hip hotel! However, I would not stay there again due to the attitude, inflexible policy and service problems. You can enjoy the same style and character of hotel at THE OBSERVATORY in a very pleasant and historic part of the city...same prices, but much better in every respect.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Rosie12
<Content>Great Little Hotel/B We stayed here early Nov 06 for three nights. Upon arrival there was a little confusion as the door security no we had been given did not work. Rang the tel no given. Was told the no had changed!!! The person on the end of the phone did not seem to know what room we should be in. Room we tried was locked. Found another room with the key in the door (we had been told before we left for our holiday that the key would be in the door!).Apart from the above confusion, the room itself was spacious and well equipped for our needs. The room led on to a balcony with a view of the street. The breakfast was more than adequate for my husband and I. I like a hot water with slices of lemon in the morning. The lady in the kitchen said they did not have any lemons, but Keith, I think it was Keith, overheard this and appeared minutes later with a lemon. Very impressive. The lounges and all common areas were very well kept. Antiques, comic peices, very comfortable lounges with internet access. It was only a 15 minute walk across the botanical gardens to the Opera House and the Harbour. I would recomend a stay here if you were looking for something different to the large corporate hotels.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bubbleblonde
<Content>A littel gem From the minute you step inside this beautifully renovated house you are in a different world - a place of peace and quiet sophistication surrounded by lovely antiques and contemporary art. Our en suite room on the first floor was spacious and well appointed with the usual TV, mini bar, tea and coffee making facilities, iron, hairdryer etc.Breakfast - continental only but with a good selection to choose from, was, for me, a leisurely affair with the newspaper. My daughter had hers in bed!Potts Point is a very attractive area with wide tree-line streets and any number of good restaurants and cafes. There is good access into the City, harbour and Opera House plus other local attractions. But it is the hosts, Marie and Keith, who make this place really special. They went out of their way to be helpful and ensure we had the best possible stay. Nothing was too much trouble.This was truely one of the most charming and hospitable places I have stayed in.CatherineClaygate, Surrey, UK  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>alexbacon
<Content>Best stay for the money My wife and I stayed at Simpsons of Potts Point while on the last leg of our honeymoon. From the first morning we arrived, tired and frazzled, we were greeted with absolutely first-rate personal service. Our room (The Cloud Room) was cozy and bright and felt like our very own vacation home. Hotel location was perfectly situated for a brisk and beautiful 15 minute walk through the Botanical Gardens to the Circular Quay and very close to all kinds of hip little boutiques and restaurants. Truely a perfect spot to stay when you want to experience the best Sydney has to offer.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>louis1
<Content>stroppy service booked two rooms to stay for new year 2007.approached to change the booking to stay less time due to change of plans and got nothing short of the feeling we were causing them trouble, they had so many guests waiting etc etcIn fact snobbery comes to mind. The e mails we recieved are available to see.Yes we got a refund of the deposit but only as they had other guests wanting rooms.mark.williams@phoenixlogistics.co.uk  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pcardellino
<Content>Downtown Charm Simpsons Hotel provides a perfect blend of city sights and country charm, offering the amenties of a full-service hotel while also providing the personal touch you can only find at a BB. The accommodations are lush and cozy, and the staff are attentive, responsive and delightful. We would stay here again and again. Thank you!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Matsushkr
<Content>Wonderful place to stay!! We stayed at Simpsons for 4 nights last June. What a wonderful experience it was! The hosts were absolutely fabulous. Keith and John were so welcoming and gave us excellent recommendations for getting around Sydney. Every morning, Keith told us where to go (and how to get there) and every night, John told us where to eat. Our room was quite large, very clean, well decorated and had a very nice bathroom. We especially loved the high pressure shower. We learned not to hire a taxi the morning after a Socceroos World Cup match as ours never showed to pick us up. However, John went to great lengths to ensure we made our flight. He not only called to check on the taxi, he then walked us to the nearest cross street and hailed a taxi for us. Now that is customer service! I would recommend Simpsons to everyone. It was one of the coziest places we've stayed.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ihla
<Content>A peaceful haven We enjoyed our stay at Simpsons so much that we came back again 2 weeks later as we ended our tour of Australia.The hotel is a quiet oasis of refined calm in a vibrant city. Its location is great for access to most visitor attractions and there are plenty of acceptable eating establishments close by. The views from the end of the street at night are breath taking.The walk passing the Wharf, through the Botanical Gardens down passed the Opera House is truly enjoyable and only takes 20 minutes ( perhaps longer coming back as it is uphill)! Circular Quay is also readily accessable.Keith and John were also on hand to deal with enquiries, issues ( we locked ourselves out!) we may have had and provided lots of suggestions on trips and places to visit. We will remember our time at Shelley beach and North Head with much affection. They appear to take a genuine interest in ensuring overseas travellers see the best of their city,The hotel, whilst not large, had all of the facilties we required and the free internet access was beneficial. The rooms were extremely comfortable and well decorated. Breakfast was more than acceptable and set us up for our day!Hopefully we will return to Sydney sometime in the future. We know where will be staying!  
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BarAr
<Content>Spoiled at Simpsons       The sitting area of the Cloud Room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Norman_Cope
<Content>A super start to our holiday       Our room at Simpsons  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Liamob
<Content>Great place to stay We stayed at Simpsons for four nights. Very friendly welcome, great advice. The room was comfortable and the public rooms were full of character. Good breakfast. We loved the walk into the city through the botanical gardens which took about 15 minutes and you get to stay in an area of Sydney that you would miss if you stayed in a city hotel. Interesting places to eat nearby. Highly recommended, much more fun and better value than a large corporate hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic end to our holiday! My husband and I stayed here for 2 nights at the end of a hectic trip to Australia. I am so glad we booked to stay at Simpson's as it was exactly what we needed. It has a clearly unique and individual character and has an amazing ability to make you feel incredibly relaxed!! (along with the help of the fab jacuzzi in our room!)...It is well positioned tucked away in a corner of bustling Potts Point and at the end of the street, magnificent views of the Sydney skyline, not to mention its proximity to the newly refurbished Woolloomooloo wharf and the Botanical Gardens.The decor is extremely tasteful and steeped in historical charm. The free port is a lovely touch and a lovely way to relax and unwind in the leather sofa's in the lounge. I would like to thank John for a wonderful stay and hope to come back soon!! I will not hesitate in recommending this hotel to my close family and friends.Many thanks again and best Wishes...  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Simpsons If you like Victorian style architecture and want to stay at a place with some character, then I would highly recommend the Simpsons. It is filled with stained glass and detailed woodwork. It is close enough to Sydney harbor that you can walk to the Opera House in about half an hour. The walk through the Sydney botanical gardens on the way to the harbor is quite pleasant. It is a 6-7 minute walk to Kings Cross subway station so you can get anywhere in the city rather quickly by subway. There are many restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel so the location is good overall. We also found the staff very friendly and helpful. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A warm welcome We enjoyed our stay at the hotel. The breakfasts were different from (and better than) the norm (continental with a good range of e.g. dried, tinned and stewed fruits and yoghurt), and healthy. Catering for those who are wheat intolerant (2 of our 4 family members) was very welcome - and unusual.The carpets were not (as claimed by a recent reviewer) threadbare. There was a very nice lounge for everyone's use. Among other things, it had a computer with free access to the Internet. A nice touch.Some of the beds were a bit soft, but that's a matter of preference.The owners were very helpful indeed. The price was also (in our view) reasonable.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Clairem1
<Content>Excellent Stay Simpson's is tucked away in Potts Point, close enough to walk to the Opera House and circular Quay but also far enough away to feel relaxed and peaceful.The surrounding area has plenty of restaurants and good transport links if you want to go further afield.Our room was spacious and comfortable and breakfast was adequate with toast and cereal etc.The best thing about this hotel are the owners and the way in which you are made to feel welcome. Keith and Marie will try to answer any questions you may have and recommend lots of great places to eat and visit.We can not fault this place, it is excellent, we didn't however meet the infamous John but we understand from everyone else's reviews he is a character!We will definitely stay again when we next return to Sydney.Thanks to Keith and Marie for making our stay so enjoyableDavid and Claire UK  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Great Staff My husband and I live in the Blue Mountains, NSW. We have stayed on many occasions at Simpons, Potts Point.We have also found Trip Advisor and invalueble site for information on Hotels as we also use it for our overseas travel, true and fair comments on the site make choosing Hotels and destinations so easy for other users. As I was on the site last week, I feel compelled to respond to the negative feedback Simpsons received from one of the last reviews. In the whole time we have stayed there we have not seen any threadbare carpets and the staff have been more than friendly and helpful to all the guests. At breakfast time we have heard all the helpful advice and information given to guests on attractions and restaurants - the overseas guests have been particularly grateful. The Heritage building is tastefully decorated with antiques and is always spotlessly clean and well maintained. We feel we have found a fantastic place in a central location (10 minutes to the City through Sydney's beautiful waterfront and Botanical gardens), the reviewer who states it is far to the city maybe took a wrong turn !!! They also stated the Hotel was suitable for pet owners - what lucky spoiled animals they would be if they where allowed to stay there !!! The rooms are comfortable and clean with lovely well maintained bathrooms, real windows, air conditioning, tea and coffee facilities, everything you need. We will continue going back regularily. Keith, Marie and John keep up the good work, Simpons Hotel is what Hospitality is all about !!! P.S. To the reviewer with the negative comments are you sure you are not confused and stayed at another Hotel !!!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JoannaSR
<Content>Fantastic Hotel   showReview(4626031, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ladyfelsham
<Content>Absolutely wonderful hotel, great people   showReview(4372627, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LifesGood
<Content>A Warm Welcome       living room  
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Hawk0476
<Content>Great Stay   showReview(4149280, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amazing Simpsons !   showReview(4033223, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cloud Suite puts you in Heaven   showReview(3808096, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ticketgirlfive
<Content>Like Going Home   showReview(3023587, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>limestoneinn
<Content>A Great Find!   showReview(2986016, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Irenepr
<Content>Great B    showReview(2829922, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 17, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pepys
<Content>It Doesn't Get any Better   showReview(2806628, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jl1954
<Content>Super   showReview(15627603, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tantalo
<Content>Estupendo   showReview(11522222, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

