<Author>OttawaSenshotelier
<Content>Nice Weekend Had an enjoyable weekend at the Commune.Staying at a resort normally means that you're heavily-dependant on the FB  spa facilities. Both didn't disappoint. Fantastic dinner with a great wine list; try the risotto.Afternoons can be spent lounging around, bring some boardgames or a pack of cards, you can also rent their private movie theatre.We were twice able to rent the BMW Z4 to get back to our room...very cool idea!We opted for the massage services at their spa, very relaxing.Last and certainly not least, we organized a picnic dinner at their own private section of the wall and watched the sunset. That said, I would have liked a luggage rack, replenished fruit and my key to not have been deactivated.Overall a very good experience. Thank you!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>asnpko
<Content>Great Location, fantastic design villas, poor staff Spent one night this summer 24hours before the Olympic opening ceremony. As a result, roads were partly closed and hotel was almost empty.The location is magnificient and peaceful. Entry is through the Bandaling leg of the Great Wall then driving through the 10 original designed villas.We stayed in a Bamboo Villa and had the whole villa for ourselves (more than 300 sqm).The private part oft he Great Wall is astonishing (wild part of the Wall but be careful steep climb).The spa treatments were delightful.The management has been very helpful, efficient and friendly.On arrival Chinese staff at front desk was on the contrary very stressed and a bit agressive. They could not find our booking reservation and without checking again, sent us away (problem was quickly sorted out thanks to the management).Restaurant staff barely speak/understand English and need basic training to meet 5* hotel requirements.The access to the different villas thanks to a BMW 7 fleet is not eco friendly :-( in such an environnement.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>hague_trav
<Content>Overall a very pleasant experience We enjoyed our stay at one of the villas. The obvious - but truly great - plus of this place is the access to a private part of the wall. Also, the spa, nice restaurants, beautiful surroundings and stunning architecture are impressive. The rooms are comfortable and huge. The only downside was the fact that some of the staff don't speak English very well. This was especially annoying at check out, when the bill was wrong, we were pressed for time and the guy at the reception just didn't get it. But, all in all, a very nice stay.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>sjfeg5814
<Content>Beware of your deposit       Private part of the Wall  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	5	3	4	3	3	

<Author>EmilyTeresia
<Content>Private Great Wall Access Priceless It's all about location at the Commune. I read about this hotel online and thought it looked amazing so my husband and I booked it. The service was very good. The hotel is very spread out so occasionally the service could be a bit slow. The most wonderful thing about our stay was the view from our room. We had a view of the Great Wall of China. We also had a fruit plate and 2 dozen roses waiting for us. The bed was very comfortable and the smell was nice. We booked through their website and we got an escape romance package. After reading the reviews here on trip advisor, I grew worried and decided to call the hotel before we arrived in China. I told them I would very much like to have a view of the Great Wall. They were very nice and agreeable. We hiked along ruins of the Great Wall and it was something I will truly never forget. At certain points, we were all alone on the Great Wall. We also enjoyed their spa as it was very nice and relaxing. They even set us up with a driver and allowed us to tour the Badaling section of the Great Wall for an hour. Our driver then dropped us off in our next hotel in Beijing. All this being said, it was the most expensive hotel we stayed at in China. Also the amazing view overshadowed some negatives. Because there are woods all around it, there were some bugs that found their way into our room. Also, after a certain point in September, they turn off the AC. This made the first day uncomfortable since our room got full exposure of the sun. It was about 90 degrees in our room when we got there. Also their restaurants were mediocre. If you like comfort and service more than location, I would not recommend this hotel. The price does not match the service and comfort. However, if you'd like VIP access to the Great Wall and enjoy hotels more for the location and money is no option, then I strongly advise you to book here because you will not be disappointed. Make sure you call the Hotel in advance to get a great view. It is a once in a lifetime opportunity to get to hike along this part of the Great Wall with virtually no one else around. For me, this alone made it all worth it.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	4	4	5	

<Author>BetsyBoo
<Content>Poor service, poor management and looking tired We booked a one night stay at the Commune in order to visit the Great Wall. We were travelling with our 15 month old son.Check in was poor with a Western manager who was only capable of handing out the cool towels, not dealing with requests like early check-in to ensure a tired little boy got his morning nap.We were given a temporary room to base ourselves in until our own room was ready - 3.5 hours later. We had booked an interconnecting room and it was average - very small but clean. We seemed to have an abundance of complimentary toiletries which was rather overwhelming - was this to make up for areas where the hotel was sadly lacking?The food was ok - the Chinese food was much better than the Western choices - which were poor quality (not really sure if our burgers were made of 'prime beef'). Breakfast was extremely poor - low quality breads, butter in tinfoil packets, very cheap fruit juices.The weather was beautiful during our stay, but we were unable to sit out for lunch on both occasions as the terrace had been reserved for the bus tours of tourists. This was infuriating - we were the residents of the hotel! We were given an outside table for lunch on the proviso we vacated in time for the bus arrivals! I think the hotel needs to reaccess its priorities.There were two excellent concierges - both Chinese - who were extremely helpful and they really stood out from the rest of the (very) mediocre staff. English was a problem for many.The Children's Commune was excellent - extremely well staffed and will a multitude of toys. Although our toddler was too young for many of them, he played quite happily there several times. Agree on the earlier comment in relation to the cost of babysitting - 拢10 per hour - but the hotel has you over a barrel here.The access to the Great Wall was a high point - it's up a very steep climb - especially with a toddler in a back pack but definitely worth it once you're up there. Unfortunately there was litter left by previous visitors (who were clearly from the hotel as the water bottles are branded) and I would hope this is checked and cleared regularly. The opportunity to be on this very private part of the Wall is almost priceless and we were the only ones there - very special.The spa treatment itself was excellent, though there was much confusion over to what treatments I could have as I am pregnant. I took the therapist's view, not the spa supervisor. It was an excellent treatment and I would recommend Summer to anyone visiting the spa.All in all ok, but very expensive for what it is, the service is poor, the management don't really seem to know what is happening and the buildings, I think due to the materials used, look tired and in need of some care and attention.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>pablouno
<Content>Not as expected This hotel would be ideal for larger groups rather than couples as it would be possible to book an entire block or part of a block having access to the common shared parts with individual rooms off the common parts.The standard bedrooms are small and we expected a hotel in such a magnificent area to have views of open countryside with glimpses of the wall snaking over the hills, only one of 4 rooms shown to us out of 2 of the blocks had a view. Something the architects possibly should have considered when starting with a blank sheet of paper, the emphasis appeared to focus on the common parts rather than the bedroom in those that we looked at.The complex reminded me of university student hall accommodation.The hotel was a bit jaded and showed signs of fading and could benefit from some tender love and care.We were so disappointed in the hotel standard when we arrived which was not as expected, that we asked to cancel our booking and after 2 hours of wrangling with the hotel management we were allowed to cancel.We arrived at lunchtime and it was apparent that bus trips were also using the hotel facilities for lunch which if we had decided to stay would have killed off any ideas of having a quiet lunch.It would not be fair to comment on any of the hotel services as we did not stay around long enough to experience any that were on offer.Our agent promptly booked us into a 5* central Beijing hotel which had a view looking into the Forbidden City.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Walter_Beijing
<Content>architectural delight overpriced with service with an attitude In a nutshell, the facilities and the Spa themselves are good but the service attitude, choice of food and an outrageously high price make us think it over if we want to come back... The villas have spacious rooms with a standard 4-5 star room configuration. We were not so lucky and had to share the villa (5 rooms) with other people (smokers). While the architecture is surely outstanding, the service and prices are not. At first the gate guard wanted us to park the car by the lower gate and walk up. According to his information, it was all full. This took us 10 minutes, some arguments and persistency. Then, I missed the professionalism at check-in which took much longer than other 5 star hotels in Shanghai or Beijing. But the club house is surely a design feature in itself. So, let your eyes walk around while u wait. Generally, the staff was clearly not up to the tasks. To handle several guests at the same time in English language seems to be a problem. At the beautiful pool site, the staff rather forms clusters of 6 or 7 at the pool bar and outnumbered the guests rather than taking care of them. Shifting an umbrella for us seemed an impossible task. ... a long way to go for what it assumes to be...  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	1	3	5	3	2	2	1	

<Author>hk88
<Content>Saved By The Wall We were very underwhelmed by our experience at the Commune by the Great Wall, unfortunately because we had very high expectations/hopes, primarily because of the snappy website and the property's substantial rate card.We were booked into one of the shared houses which looked architecturally brilliant from the curb, but quickly revealed itself to look good from far bt far from good. The fixtures were sub-Ikea quality, the shower drain was poorly so the entire bathroom flooded with each rinse off, there was water damage throughout the house, and the place stunk to high heaven. We were promised a view of the GW from the room but it was only seen through 2 sliver-sized windows on a non-load bearing wall that could otherwise have offered incredible vistas.The main lodge is an impressive example of high design and functionality, but the individual villas seem to have been constructed on a shoestring and on tight deadline because the building materials and shortsighted engineering was evident throughout. Service was awful both at the front desk and the dining areas, with the exception of a couple of concierge staff who seemed to have undergone the Kempinski-training seminar. Again, at a hotel that was marketed less aggressively I could overlook the staff, but for the price we paid they should be earning their five stars at every turn. 2 Bright Spots:1) Our experience was saved by the absolutely beautiful stretch of unrestored Great Wall that is a short but taxing hike above the property. Gorgeous. Exploring the Wall will be our takeaway. 2) We walked through the Childrens playroom area (though we don't have kids) and were blown away by how well done it was.The place is all sizzle but no steak, all form but no function, all hat but no cattle, all marketing but no substance. Fine if the prices reflect that but dissapointing to have paid a premium for it.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>KimTO
<Content>Interesting and would like to try again when they aren't renovating!       Villa Exterior  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>monicamilano
<Content>a nice stay next to the great wall       bamboo villa outside  
<Date>Jun 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>slk77
<Content>Hotel doesn't quite match the location       The Commune's private section of the Great Wall  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Travelbeat
<Content>Watch your step on the trail The Commune is an enclosed estate of 2 dozen (or more) houses surrounding a main building. Each house has a few bedrooms w/baths, your hotel rooms. The estate is set on the side of a mountain next to the Great Wall. Access to the Wall is by an extremely narrow dirt path through trees and rocks. The path is almost straight uphill for a mile (or less) and is difficult to manage for the very young and impossible for the elderly. The wall at this location has not been repaired and is crumbling. A short car ride takes you outside to the renovate section of the Wall. You will want to see both types of Wall. If arriving from PEK ask them to arrange a car for about 1000 CNY ($133 US). Beijing to Baldaling is about one plus hours. The food was excellent and the service was very good. It is very quiet and you will not do much outside the Commune. The rooms (houses) are well appointed and you will need for nothing. If you do not want to walk between the main building and your room they will send a car for you. One way is always uphill. You will feel very comfortable and safe at this location but expect no night life. There is none.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>seasluggish
<Content>fascinating architecture, beautiful surroundings       Great wall at the commune  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LondonKjc
<Content>Over priced, but has potential This is a hard review to write, as I wanted to love the place. And the senior management are clearly so keen to make it all work. However, it was a good way from what we expected. Will list the issues, then you can decide if these would concern you.General Ambience and rooms - although the natural scenery was beautiful, at times it did feel like an upmarket holiday camp (English readers, think Centre Parks), with houses in a nice setting and rooms off a communal space. Some houses were very nice (bamboo), others not so much. Would probably have been much better with a large group - avoid the limited (expensive) dining and outrageous baby sitting fees and fully experience the seclusion. Many bedrooms look over the road, so be careful in choosing both house and rooms. Those with small children may want to ensure they are closer to the hotel, as cars not always available to collect you. Rooms were oddly not up to the price - no toiletries, thin grey towels, big box TVs etc. All fine in themselves, just not what you expect in an expensive hotel. A disappointment - the landscaping. As the hotel is supposed to be an architectural and scenic masterpiece, the grotty drain, mudslides and general ramshackleness of the hotel grounds was very disappointing. At the time, one restaurant was closed and the bar was closed. There is also no pool or gym or libary/games room. Seems like an odd request but when it is pouring with rain all day, there is nothing to do but sit in the chilly restaurant.Opportunism and greediness. This was probably the worst aspect of our stay. At every opportunity, maximum cost was extracted. Examples: - After paying 3000 RMB ($428) for the room, we were then asked to pay another $70 for a roll-away bed for our 3 year old. When we expressed surprise at this, the response yes, many people feel that, so their children sleep in their bed with them! In the end the sofa was large enough, but when we asked for sheets/bedding, we had to ask several times and then make the bed ourselves. - $20/hr for baby sitting. More than I paid in New York city on New years eve! They know you dont have any options, especially when they have put you in a house very far away from the hotel.- 15% service charge on EVERYTHING. Keep in mind, tipping is unheard of in China and I doubt the staff were getting this.Kids Club - amazing. Although my daughter was the only one there, so a little lonely. Hardly their fault, but perhaps if they were not charging so much, might have been busier? Anyway, this was a highlight - great number and variety of toys, lovely space, baking, lovely staff, etc.Restaurant - pretty good food at dinner especially if you stick with Chinese (dont try the coffee!). Poor breakfast. Expensive, but what you would expect (except for the automatic 15%)Spa - very nice! (pretty expensive and also an automatic 15%)THose heading there before June, the expressway is closed to prepare for Olympics. Took 4 hours to get there from Beijing and 3.5 to get back.Overall, I think it is possible to have a better time than we did - rain, traffic, empty kids club, refurbishment, etc conspired against us. However, even without all of these things, it did seem like a very expensive holiday camp that hadnt quite opened or come up to scratch. I have hope that it will as the scenery was lovely.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>mahme
<Content>Amazing Experience, Peaceful Hotel       Room 375 - Bedroom  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hainult
<Content>Love the scenery and spa       Not sure which structure this is. but looks great  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>milehighj
<Content>First-rate location, above-average hotel This place is fantastic because of its private access to the Great Wall. We spent three hours on the Wall taking it all in, and during that time only encountered a handful of fellow hotel guests!The hotel itself is nicely spead out across the huge grounds. We liked the modern designs, but this is subjective.Rooms are clean and reasonably well maintained. Service was always polite, if a little rough around the edges at times. One point (irrelevant to some, but important to us) was the coffee at breakfast was absolutely awful - a surprise considering that the place is operated by a top European chain.All-in-all, this is an above-average hotel (by China standards), with a first-rate location (by global standards).We would definitely go back, and recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Kingmaker
<Content>Wonderful location - good for a quick visit I stayed at the Commune by the Great Wall, only for one night. The setting is wonderful - it is so peaceful compared to many other places you might go in China. In autumn the valley was beautiful and I scrabbled up the hill to their own private bit of the great wall to be on my own as the sun was setting. The individual properties are all heralded as architect designed but most of them don't look very special. My villa was on the spartan side - and a long way from the reception dining area - which is fine if you are fit and able but otherwise you must wait for a car to ferry you back and forth. Its not a place I would stay for long but for a night or two it would be a great experience  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>toine24
<Content>The greatest in his category... Commune by the Great Wall Kempinsky is the best hotel I have been in Beijing. It's combine a quiet and nice area near the Great Wall with a high design and service. And the view on the Great Wall is unforgetable. All the different villas are spacious and luxurious and the staff is very kind and helpful. I warmly recommand it to everyone who want to spend a relaxing and quiet moment near Beijing.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>GreatWallClimber
<Content>Champagne on the Wall !! When I came to Beijing I first was a bit afraid of the shire size of the city and thought, how will I ever make it to the hotel. Luckily my company ordered a pickup which wellcomed me warmly.It took about 90 minutes to the Commune. (Driving in China is an Adventure but the Driver knew very well, what he was doing).After a while we just came into the Beijing hillside which is beautyful. Even in November. The Commune is situated in a very nice valley and offers the private Athmosphere I was looking for negotiations.After a quick and fluent Check-In, I was brought to my Villa called Forest. It was marvelous. Clean, a lot of space and a most confortable Bed.When it came to Dinner I was totally convinced, that this was the right decision to come here. I enjoyed a faboulos Western Menue (Chinesee next evening- best in China so far).The next morning I ordered my Breakfast to my room and the roomservice was there within a few minutes. That was a surprise because of the 8 square kilometer areal, where the Villas are spread.After that I went to the Antanara Spa to have a Treatment, which I ordered via Telefon at the Reception. It was realy one of the most relaxing treatments I ever had.The next day I climed the private part of the Great Wall with my business partners to enjoy the sight which was great because the sun was shining. While enjoying a Bottle of Champagne (Some of the very kind and friendly Staff brought it there to serve us) we agreed to sign the contract when back down. In Resumee, Beautiful Landscape,Great Hotel, Great Service, Great Business.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Swissfreerider
<Content>Enjoy fresh air and calm Being in Beijing for a while, what I really appriciate in Commune by the Great Wall in the peacefull atmosphere, calm, great weather (no sign of pollution) and fresh air and this is a kind of luxury in Beijing area.I agree to say that the Western standards are still not reached, but this is a fact that happen everywhere in China (problem of language, culture understanding, the fact that service industry is still at his beginning, etc). What I like there is the friendliness of the staff. Whereas you can find good service downtown, you will always have a robot service that is ruled by standard and process. I think that nowadays, what people are looking for in Europe is not any more the service we had 10 or 20 years ago, well done, but no real smile, no friendliness and too formal. In Commune, the service is definitly not too formal, very helpfull, smiling and gave me the feeling to be at home.I stayed in the Shared house and was surprised to know that there were other people in the Villa because I only crossed one person during the day, after working 2 hours on my computer in the shared rooms with the great view on the wall. My room had maybe no view, but I enjoyed it from the living and on the terrace.I had good time there and will definitly go back.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>GaylePDublin
<Content>Great location, not a great hotel       Our bathroom  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	3	2	2	

<Author>flyingpheonix
<Content>Beautiful propery but needs a few tweaks We stayed at the Commune by the Great Wall for 2 nights in early July. Upon check-in, we were delighted to learn that we had been given an entire share house (Cantilever 2) to ourselves despite booking only 1 room. We loved the location, the surroundings and generally had a good experience but have a few concerns abotu the hotel. THE PROSThe room itself was beautiful and well-appointed. It had a lovely view, was very clean, nice furnishings and a gorgeous bathroom. The amenities were very nice. The closet space was also excellent. We also liked that complimentary drinks of all types were stocked in the communal kitchen. The view from the deck was gorgeous. The house was very clean. We once came back from a walk and found someone washing the front stairs.However, I don't think we would have enjoyed the house so much if we had to share it with others.The staff is very nice. They opened the business centre early for us so we could use the internet and kept the restaurant open past closing time one night so we could eat dinner as we over-slept our reservation (we had climbed the great wall that day and were exhausted).We were pleasantly surprised to find the morning buffet breakfast was including in the room rate.The spa was excellent and reasonably priced. We each enjoyed a massage.The premises are gorgeous and very secluded. It's a wonderful place to take a break from the pollution and bustle of Beijing. The hotel is close to three parts of the Great Wall. The hotel has it's own private portion of the Great Wall (which is unrestored but can still be climbed), in the closest town there is a public portion of the Great Wall which is not very busy and it's a 20 minute drive from Badaling. The hotel charged us 200 yuan for a round trip to Badaling. It's advisable to go to Badaling very early in the morning to avoid the crowds.THE CONSOur biggest complaint occured after a mix-up with a picnic order. We made it very clear to the staff that we intended to hike up to the hotel's portion of the Great Wall and enjoy a picnic. The picnic service is provided by the hotel and we filled out a standard form to place an order. We should have checked the knapsack before beginning our hike but we didn't. When we got to the top (a good 40 minutes including an uphill hike through a forest to reach the wall), we found they not packed any water (a litre of water was supposed to be included) and only packed enough food for 1 person. We had placed 2 orders of the same thing. We were hot, tired and sweaty and had no water to drink. It was actually quite dangerous to be hiking on the Great Wall in the tremendous heat without water. Upon our return, we complained and learned we had been charged for 2 orders. They agreed to remove 1 of the charges but did not seem concerned about the water. At checkout (which was conducted by a long time German employee of Kempinski) we discovered, the charge had not been removed and had it removed at that time. We explained our concerns regarding the water. She apologized but didn't seem concerned about the water. We also found the cost of transfer to and from Beijing to be over-priced. Very few cabs in Beijing have seatbelts which makes taking a taxi on the highway a very unattractive option. The hotel charged us U.S.$186 EACH way for a non-English speaking driver. It was the most expensive transfer we have ever had (and we have been to expensive places such as Hong Kong and Tokyo). We felt very ripped-off and angry but didn't have much choice as we wanted to be sure we each had a seat belt.Very few staff speak English (including the driver). Obviously, it's a foreign country and not everyone will speak English but at times it was much harder to communicate than at the other hotels we stayed in during our trip.We also found that there is a lot of staff and, at times, it feels like they are everywhere. They are very friendly but sometimes overly so. For example, at dinner one night we spent more time chatting with the waiter than each other. At another time, we were resting on the deck of our sharehouse and two staff members were having a break quite close to the deck. We could hear them speaking and didn't feel we had any privacy.The hotel could also benefit from a pool.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>hearts_in_asia
<Content>What a (bad) surprise       the surroundings are lovely  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	2	1	1	

<Author>SkyeC
<Content>It's a showcase We booked the hotel's spring package and stayed for two nights on April 21st 2007. The location of the hotel is excellent. It is in the Shuiguan valley, surrounded by beautiful hills and a view of the magnificent great wall. it is unfortunate that the service does not compliment the breath taking view.I took a nap on the day of arrival and woke up with a stiff neck and a headache. The pillow was too high for me. I called housekeeping and asked them if they have a different pillow. They said they did not. I thought I had better speak with the front desk instead, maybe they would be more creative. I was lucky to ran into the resident manager and told him my request. He told me that he would be able to arrange for a different pillow. I went back to my room that night, and the same pillow was on the bed. I talked to housekeeping again and they repeated that they could not offer any alternative. I slept on a rolled up bath towel that night. The next day we went to two of the bungalows that were open for public viewing. I saw the thinner pillow that I needed. I went to the front desk again and told them I found the alternative. The receptionist called the housekeeping department with much resentment and told them to change the pillow for me.We stayed in one of the rooms in Shared House 3. There were altogether 6 rooms in the house. All the guests shared the living room and the kitchen. The dirty dishes piled up in the sink for two days and no one took care of it. The overflow gabbage in the kitchen was cleared only on the day we left. We felt like we were college students staying in an expensive dormitory.The room that we stayed was very cramp. We could only watched TV on the bed. There was hardly any space for laggage. There was no place in the shower stall to keep our toiletries. We had to place them on the floor.Menu in the restuarant offers very limited choices and it is over priced. We feel the choices should be more international. To have three different types of eleborated Chinese cuisine and only one basic Western menu is really off. The choices at the buffet breakfast was only three star standard.All in all, We did not enjoy the accomodation and the food choices. We expected service of a 5 star hotel if not of the higher rank from Kempinski. In our opinion, service and pillow from the Sheraton chain is better then the Commune. We would go back to enjoy the beautiful view but we will not stay at the Commune again.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>spgfan
<Content>big experience! It is a wonderful experience to stay in your room with view to the Great Wall, even from a standard room. The enviroment is the best, between the mountains with all the design of the villas and the club house. The staff is very kind although some speak very few english, the restaurant is very good, the spa excellent and both not that expensive.The only negative I can say is the fact that you are in a sharehouse, eventhough we were alone in ours, I woudn't like to share as it gives you few privacy.It is easy to get there with a taxi from the city, which cost you around 380 yuan.I really recomend this hotel if you want to enjoy a different stay and to get close to the Great Wall!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>meklof
<Content>The only place to stay by the Great Wall We stayed two days - this was the highlight of our China trip! The property offers 11 private villas or 248 hotel rooms in villas with 5 or 6 bedrooms each, 3 restaurants and a spa. You have a private access to unremodeled part of the Great Wall within 15 min walk.The property is located on the way to Badaling, but not at Badaling.The service is great, the food is excellent, the spa gives great massages and you can see the sun rise and or sun set by the wall in private. Travelling in January, we had the whole hotel room villa to ourselves. Hotel offers transfers from Beijing (approx. 90min)I want to go back!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SevBeijing
<Content>Un hotel unique en son genre       Chambre (Cantilever)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>rosihuf78
<Content>Tolles Hotel, sehr Zentral, gute Restaurants   showReview(13311031, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儉銉?#x201d;   showReview(19166285, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Giovanni_1
<Content>Das Glas Wein f眉r 鈧?63   showReview(10690564, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

