<Author>snowandwater
<Content>Beautiful hotel, mediocre service We stayed here for 1 night and for the cost of the room, service was lacking the high quality expected at a Conrad. After dropping off our bags earlier and then checking in a few hours later, the bellman was not able to find our bags. It took 2 hours to bring them up after repeated calls. Other inconveniences and lack of service contributed to this review. The room and bathroom are beautifully decorated and look very modern and sleek. For the price paid at this hotel, the staff at the Conrad Miami could improve by responding more promptly and be more willing to help its guests.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>3	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SandieMarie
<Content>loved the Conrad       Reception Area ground floor  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnSwansea_U_K_
<Content>Excellent hotel This was my second stay at this hotel, this time it was with my wife who shares my opinion.This is a quality property with excellent service. It is not a good hotel for those who want a beachside property as it is in one of the business districts of Miami.The service is all you would expect of a 5 star property.The rooms / suites are of a high standard with all necessary accoutrements. There is one restaurant for all meals, I have enjoyed eating here however the buffet breakfast is rather poor in comparison with others that I have experienced. the bar at night on the occassions I have been there was quiet but they serve some excellent snacks at prices that are not too high considering the standard of hotel.My experience of the bell desk was fantastic, having suffered a Hertz BMW car breakdown they sent my luggage to my breakdown location and the staff member stayed with me to translate as the driver of the pick up was Cuban and my Spanish is fairly non existent. thanks Francisco and your colleagues you are a credit to the the Conrad group.I would definitely stay there again if visiting Miami.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RCbaby
<Content>No Complaints!!!!!!!       from Financial District Station 1 block up  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nick02451
<Content>Beautiful hotel, yet unwelcoming service I stayed in this hotel for one night in Miami. Upon check-in I was greeted by a new, younger employee who had trouble processing my check-in with Hilton HHonors. Not only was the agent young and had pierces, he also was not professional in welcoming me. The supervisor, who was slightly older came over and processed my check-in and gave me an upgrade ocean view room. The room was amazingingly comfortable and well kept, except that there were redwine stains on the floor and the wheels on the desk chair were broken. Bed was amazingly comfortable and bathroom was large and spacious. Everything else was fine except until after check-out. I had to store my luggage for the day as I had an evening departure at MIA. No problem dropping off luggage, however upon pick-up that changed. I waited 25 minutes for the concierge to retrieve my luggage. Upon asking what the delay was for, he said Sir I apologize for the delay. I need to work on this situation for another guest. While this is an amazingly modern and comfortable hotel, I'll be taking my business to the JW Marriott nextime I'm in the area as a result of the (lack of) service  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	5	1	1	5	

<Author>EmmainFrance
<Content>Pure luxury I booked the Conrad Miami for a two-night stay while travelling around Florida. The hotel is situated in the business district but there are a few restaurants and local bars in the vacinity so you can go out and about if necessary.The first impression of the hotel was the right one....a beautiful hotel; from the general decor, to the restaurant where breakfast is served. The Conrad has a very contemporary style and is imaculately kept, with most of the public areas looking brand new.On checking into my room I actually thought I had been given an upgrade to a superior category, but no, this was a standard room|! Extremely large bedrooms, with an even larger bathroom. Great selection of products in the bathroom, and the bedroom was equipped with a coffee machine, flatscreen tv, dvd, the works - very impressive. Although I didn't use the spa, I did go and have a look and it looked stunning! I did have the time to use the outdoor swimming pool, and although it was smaller than I exepected, the pool area is very welcoming with a lovely sun terrace and some nice views out to the sea.There is a nice bar on the 25th floor where you can take advanctage of sitting outside (if you're lucky enough to get a space as there is only limited seating) and the restaurant is nicely decorated just nextdoor.All in all, I found this hotel portrayed the true values of a five star deluxe hotel and was very impressive. Only small disadvantage is the split of the hotel between two buildings which means you need to leave the main building to go over to the fitness centre/swimming pool but this was a small detail and did not detract from my stay.If I get the chance to stay again, I would jump at the opportunity and higly recommend it to anyone travelling to the area.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>LifeofLeisure
<Content>Enjoyed my stay       View of South Beach and Port of Miami from room  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	4	2	2	

<Author>Public_Dave
<Content>Great Stay I stayed at the Conrad for a night during a weekend in August. I spent most of the weekend away from the hotel, but I thought the room was very pleasant, and I had a nice sea view. The bathroom was spacious and the bed was very comfortable - I slept for 8 straight hours, which was very unusual for me. The staff were also very warm and friendly.I highly recommend the 'continental' buffet breakfast at the restaurant on the 25th floor, an excellent spread of delicious fruit, cereals, cold cuts and some of the best coffee this side of the Atlantic. I also thought the gym on the 24th floor was excellent, all cardio equipment had individual TV screens, and was well equipped both with machines, weights and also towels, water and cleaning equipment.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>escapade4
<Content>Great Stay at Conrad We stayed at the Conrad for 2 nights while in Miami for the GALA Choruses convention. It's a beautiful hotel with friendly staff. Our room was nicely appointed, and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was huge! Unfortunately, we didn't have time to use the pool or the gym, but they looked very nice. We also enjoyed breakfast at Deli Lane Cafe right across the street. It's down-to-earth and not pretentious at all. It was nice that the hotel was right by the Metromover stop as well, since we used that to get around the downtown area. My only complaint about the Conrad was that the water pressure in the shower was actually too much. It felt like it was pelting you, and there was no way to adjust it to a softer stream. Other than that, I loved the Conrad!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Middle_Aged_Guy
<Content>Nice Room, Wierd Layout       View of pool from room  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>skorpina6
<Content>Excellent Rating would recommend to anyone I stayed at the Conrad Miami in June of 2008 (last week). It was amazing, the location was in the downtown area, there was a very chic cafe nearby and restaurant (Segofreddo and Novecento). Publix is walking distance (all item supermarket and pharmacy). Anyways the hotel was super clean, the staff comes to your room twice daily to clean up and shape up your room. The bathroom is HUGE. Very modern, amazing bath products from London, close up mirror (lighted), extra towels, robes, slippers, etc.The room was VERY roomy (i had a 2 double beds), with windows facing the water. Swimming pool is very cool, great hip music playing on speakers, ideal for families or singles, or business travelers. Fresh fruit passes you by in a bowl on hot days complimentary, lemon water, etc. Tennis courts below. Theyve thought of everything at this hotel. 25th floor lobby has an amazing outdoor little bar area overlooking the view also very cool at night for a pre-drink.Would definitely stay here again. South Beach is not too far 10 min cab ride. Brickell area really nice and nice crowd as well.Two thumbs up!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JonhSP
<Content>One of the Best Hotels in Miami This was my second time at Conrad. This hotel is fantastic. The staff really knows how to make their guests feel special, there is a girl from the front desk (whose name I do not remember) who is very kind and helpful.She gave us an upgrade as we were there to celebrate our 1 year of marriage, and the room seems more to be an apartment than a room.I麓ll be back as soon as possible.The only problem I saw is related to the valet parking, the drivers are very lazy, you can wait minutes for you car.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JandR08
<Content>Absolutely Love the Conrad! This was our post-cruise stay (May 23-25). It was our second time staying at the Conrad and have loved both visits. Super hotel and excellent service. We checked in at 9 am from the cruise and they had a room ready for us which was amazing. Got upgraded to a suite and enjoyed the spacious living room/kitchen and separate bedroom. I loved the pillow selection you can order specifically a different pillow - nice touch.We use the free internet in the lobby. There are 陆 price cocktails from 5-8 pm on Friday nights (I think) which is a deal and a great view from the bar on the 25th floor. They say you cannot bring in your own alcohol due to their liquor license - first time I had seen that. Rented movies from the blockbuster a short walk away and enjoyed watching dvds in the suite one night. Fitness room is pretty well set up and water/headsets/newspapers for your use. Love using the tennis court on the roof (they have rackets and balls at the fitness centre) and location is by the pool. Pool/hot tub is great with very helpful staff to find unused chairs, and fresh towels. Concierge can be quite helpful for dinner reservations and recommendations. They could beef up their repetoire though as so much to choose from in the area. We found renting a car was cheaper by calling Hertz than booking through the conceirge. Note that taking a taxi from the Conrad to Hertz, Hertz will cover the taxi ride. Would stay again at the Conrad for a downtown Miami location. Super quality stay - nothing can beat it.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>huntheat
<Content>Great views, great bed, nightmare valet parking Great Brickell location and beutiful water views. Hotel layout is a little goofy - you take an elevator up to the 25th lobby to check in, then a different elevator down to your room. Bar has a good menu and great views, and was also pretty quiet and not crowded at all even though the hotel was sold out.Bed was very comfortable - almost as good as the Heavenly Bed. Valet parking was a nighmare...even though I followed instructions to call down in advance, they never went to get the car until I had taken the multi-elevator system down to the ground floor....there was never a line or a crowd, but yet I still had to wait more than 15 minutes downstairs in the heat for the car.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>sc4eva
<Content>Business hotel in Brickell area of Miami Completed a three night stay at this hotel for a work function. It is located in the Brickell area of Miami which is more focused towards business travelers than vacationers. South Beach is only a 10-15 min drive from the hotel but can cost anywhere from $25-$35 via a cab. You can drive to many areas including Key Biscayne within minutes. The hotel itself is very nice and on the upper floors of a large office building. As previous members mentioned the hotel does overcharge for everything and you do need to check your bill and prices before leaving the property.We did not eat at the hotel itself but went to the Brickell Village area for dinner one night which is only a 5-10 min walk but offers a good number of places to eat. We wanted to check out Novecento and the Segafreddo cafe across from the hotel but did not have a chance to. For breakfast skip the overpriced hotel lobby and go next door to the small cafe/diner for a filling meal.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	3	2	

<Author>redgoldgreenusvi
<Content>Be weary of Double charges + more Where do I start, with the double charge from the hotel restaurant totaling almost $400 or maybe I should start with check in when they told us as we checked in that the AC had not been working for 2 hours, I actually made the reservation during the AC outage last minute which they only told us after we paid.I later realized that the valet added a nice black stripe (aka scratch) across my white bumper. And if that wasn't all, I got a call from my bank card telling me that I was double charged for dinner, same amount minus .30 cents, is this a scam for out of towners? Well I am not an out of towner I live in Ft Laud lived in South Beach for 8 years, and to me, unfortunately, this seems typical of miami hotel behavior I had only hoped for better from a 4 star hotel like the Conrad.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>Slymon
<Content>Not a good experience This is not a good facility- they slip in overcharges on your restaurant bill whenever possible. I wanted a duplicate copy of my restaurant receipt, was told there wasn't one available, and had to ask the manager three times for it. Over a week later, it was sent to me, with a 19% 'service charge' tacked on to the final tally even though the menu does not state this fee is added on. It is too bad because this could be a decent hotel.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	3	3	2	1	-1	

<Author>gmwhite
<Content>A little bit of calm in a bustling city! Stayed at this hotel as part of a family tour of florida. Our family consists of parents and children aged 20, 19 ,16, 16 and 4. We booked directly with the hotel who only took a deposit and then paid the final bill when we wre there. On check in the receptionists verified with us in writing the agreed room rate which was the signed by both parties. We had two rooms with 2 double beds in each. Unfortunately there were no rooms available nect to each other, or even on the same floor, in fact we were 2 floors apart. This was only a minor problem and in fact worked out quite well as one of the rooms we were given was a disabled access room so was significantly larger. The views from both rooms were excellent and the cleanliness of the rooms and the hotel in general was excellent. The bathrooms are very large and have a separate bath and shower cubicle and a large range of molton brown toiletries. Breakfast was average and quite expensive. The breakfast room is also very small meaning there is often a wait. There is a cafe across the road from the hotel which serves food all day and serves breakfast all day (but has a larger selection in the mornings) which is a better option for breakfast if u want more than a bit of fruit and cereal. Across from this there are a couple more restaurants but we didnt get a chance to try any out. The room service is very good quality with a large choice and good service. There is a pool on the roof top with a pool bar and also two tennis courts where rackets and balls can be hired (and they dont seem to get angry when u tell them you have lost all the balls over the side of the building!!) There is also a spa and a gym on the 24th floor, the gym is excellent and very well equipped without being too big and is rarely very busy as it is open 24hours. The hotel itself is in the business district which is not so good if u are looking for shops and nightlife on your doorstep but is excellent if u want a more peacefull retreat within the city. Across the road from the hotel is the station for the sky train which is free and takes u to various popular locations in the city. Be warned however as it can be confusing as it only goes in one direction so if u want to get back to a previous stop u have to sit tight until it has gone around the whole circuit! Whilst in florida we stayed in 5 different hotels and have to say that this is the favourite based on best service, best room, biggest bathroom, and best food. I would definatley recommend it, for business or otherwise.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PalmBeach9
<Content>Motel 6 on Stilts I have recently stayed at this hotel. The room was about the size of the bathroom, overlooking a scenic freeway and a construction site. All night heavy bass was thumping from a bar across the street; when I asked for a change of room, the front desk told me, they had no other rooms avilable, but the noise will stop by 1 AM! The walls were so thin, I could hear everything from the adjacent rooms.The bathroom was spacious, but the shower was about 5 feet off the ground, making it difficult for my 6 foot body to get wet. It is awfully difficult to wash one's hair, while holding up the shower with one hand.The service was vintage Miami, too friendly but incompetent. The food was mediocre, the coffe weak and lukewarm.Getting to the rooms was an ordeal, first you go up to the 25th floor, then you have to take another elevator up/down to your level. My meeting was on the third floor, every time I wanted to go back to my room on the 21st floor, I had to take the scenic tour through the 25th floor.The worst hotel I ever stayed in Miami.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	2	-1	

<Author>tqlagold
<Content>Will never stay anywhere else but Conrad in Miami       comfy bed  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>WYW
<Content>Ruddy good suite I checked in quite late in the evening and was told there were no non-smoking rooms left, so I would have to have a smoking room for the first night of my 2 night stay. Ho hum I thought, but they said I'd been upgraded to a suite so didn't mind too much. Anyway, when I got to the room, it was HUGE and barely and hardly any smell of smoke. So I didn't bother asking to change for the 2nd night.It was slightly annoying having to go up to 25th floor only to have to go back down in a different lift to 16th floor but just about bearable.Breakfast was great - the buffet was delicious and their fresh granola was divine. I travel quite a lot for business and this was one of the better breakfasts I've had.The room was very well equiped - comfy bed, molton brown in the bathroom, etc. And the shower was definitely a POWER shower. Great for waking up in the morning.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cupcake3
<Content>High in the Sky An interesting thing about the Conrad in Miami is that the lobby is on the 25th floor, and the concierge is on the ground lobby. Weird, I thought at first. But when you think about it, Miami is a high crime city, and I think by having you walk past the concierge and all the ground floor emplyees, and taking one of two elevators to the 25th floor, and then having to walk past the front desk and lounge to get to the only two elevators to get to the guest rooms; it is probably about security and quiet.The smallish bar on the lobby level was great, cool sophisticated and outdoor tables where you can look at the water while you have a cocktail. Great martinis.The continental breakfast in the restaurant was also very good. At lunch or dinner DO NOT order the Kobe hamburger. I have had real Kobe beef in Japan (which is why I ordered it) and this was not it. Maybe they meant Kobe like. It was also overpriced.The rooms was very nice, but a little smaller than I am accustomed to, but I guess it has to do with the high price of real estate in Miami. Hip modern decor, reminded me of the decor of the Beverly Hilton, but not nearly as fine, and the room is smaller. Good bedding with high count sheets, bathroom all granite and marble, very nice. I had a nice water view from (I think!) my room 1917.The exercise lockers were OK, not fabulous ,as was the pool. That whole area needs updating.The staff were very gracious and helpful. EXCEPT the concierge who was not dependable. I ordered a town car to take me back to the airport, and when I arrived downstairs at the appointment time, they were like who did you talk to? We don't know anything about this.Tip: free wifi, but ONLY in the lobby. They charge you for it in your room.Tip: ask for a waterview room, rather than a city view. Worth it.Tip: if you do anything with the concierge, write down his/her name and the date and time you talked so you won't have to be on the defensive if they do not deliver.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>pr123
<Content>Great Hotel My wife and I were in Miami for the weekend and stayed at the Conrad Hilton for 3 nights. We visit often and usually try different hotels. The hotel occupies the top floors of the Espiritu Santo building on Brickell Ave. It is a good location on Brickell, and I expect that as Mary Brickell Village (a restaurant/shopping area a few blocks away) expands the location will even improve. We could tell that the hotel was reasonably new, but all the staff were very focused on service and our stay was great. There is a beautiful bar and restaurant on the lobby level (near the top of the building) with great views of Biscayne Bay and the city. The room was great. Everything was new and working well. I can't think of anything that disappointed us. Maybe if you didn't know the area and thought you would be close to the beach; this is a city hotel with a big city feel. Overall, we would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AOR_73
<Content>Great hotel, spacious rooms, excelent location....100%       Sky lobby  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emberito
<Content>Stylish Hotel with good service but some oddities The Conrad Miami is located in a spectacular building. The outside of the building was in real bad shape because of Hurricane damage but it was being repaired while we were there. There were a lot of windows blown out and I understand all the windows have to be redone--a major undertaking. Don't let that bother you because inside the hotel is beautiful. From the moment you walk in there are fresh flowers in very modern arrangements. They were changed two times while we were there. A door person holds the door and welcomes you, and people at the downstairs lobby are friendly as well. Here is the awkward thing: You entire on the ground level and take an elevator to upper level floor (don't remember what #); that is the lobby. I guess this must be a Conrad thing because the Chicago Conrad was the same. It does make you feel safe and secure in the hotel. The odd thing is you then take another elevator around the bend down to your room. The lobby has a spectacular view and a great restaurant for breakfast. The staff at the restaurant is exceptional; the food is good! The pool area is small but nicely designed with little cabanas and comfortable chairs. There is also a tennis court on that floor. This area was never very busy, which might be explained by another awkward thing in the design of the building. To get to the pool area from your room you have to: (1) take an elevator UP to the lobby, then (2) take an elevator DOWN to the ground floor, then (3) exit the building, (4) cross the drive, (5) enter the parking lot building, (6) take another slow elevator UP to the roof top, and then (7) you made it! Just make sure you take everything you need when you get to the pool because it is a long haul back to the room! I don't know what the architect was thinking when he/she designed that. It is completely absurd and inconvenient. Despite these peculiarities, which might be an inconvenience for the elderly or handicapped, the hotel room is beautifully appointed, the bathrooms are amazing, the toiletries (Molton Brown) are wonderful, and the bed linens are a dream. The bed was turned down each night and a tray of water, and chocolates were left on the bed. Another nice touch was that the ice bucket was filled every night. If I were staying around the downtown or Brickell areas I would certainly choose the Conrad. However, if you are wanting to hang out on South Beach or Coconut Grove, I'd say stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jesolo78
<Content>LOVED LOVED LOVED IT....SOOOOOO NICE... we stayed in the conrad in the business district just for one night , i wished i had a week extra... the hotel in is a lovely area with free transport via the mono rail that takes you around the district....the staff where so friendly and helpful.the rooms where excellent, spacious very very clean, the bed and linen was just so cosy and luxurious.breakfast was served like silver service and the food tasted so nice... what more can a say for a relax, good food, friendly staff you got everything with this hotel. if was was back in miami i wouldnt stay anywhere else. i travel all around the world and this hotel lives up to a five star not a four star....LOVED IT....JULIE FROM LONDON  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Writer46
<Content>Hit or Miss? I have just come back from a two week stay at the Conrad. First of all, during my stay, I read that 72% of all travellers spend two nights or less at any given property. For this group the Conrad provides a very well-oiled business-centric hotel experience. The IT guys will solve any problem you have in minutes and they're all over you. The rooms are all on the small side with bathrooms that are enormous and swamp the size of the room.If you luck out and get a corner room (#s 16 or 25), you'll have a fantastic view of water and highrises and sunrises from a bathroom with a wall of glass and wrap-around windows in your bedroom. The bedding is very comfortable and the rooms are amazingly quiet. There's no noise from inside or out. The Level 25 lobby and bar and restaurant area give you a great modern cityscape view on all sides. There's a great pool and jacuzzi, tennis courts and a spa. The swimming pool is heated to near bathwater temperature so it's perfect for an early morning or late night swim. There's a bar and restaurant on site which is actually across the motor court and up on the roof of the parking structure adjacent the hotel. The food here is all grilled right in front of you and very good. However this bar closes at sundown so you're out of luck if you come later to use the pool which opens at 6 am and closes at 10 PM. That is all the good part....now for the rest.The rooms have precisely two drawers for clothing. All other clothes are to be hung on hangers in your closet. Quite frankly, this was so woefully inadequate for a two week stay that the only solution was to have the mini-bar emptied to give myself another drawer. Similarly, I had to have another storage space in the entry hall cleared of the coffee maker and all that paraphenalia that people seem to think is essential in a business hotel but which I personally loathe looking at. I like a very clean uncluttered look and this can only be accomplished by losing all the black leather menus and phone pads and gewgaws that clutter every surface in these small rooms. The huge 37 inch TV and accompanying DVD player are among the most confusing to operate I have ever encountered. There's no universal remote and instead you have to use one to turn on another to switch channels. It's very frustrating and would be vastly imporved with written instructions but I had to ask twice to have these provided. There seems to be a problem with service in the hotel. While the universal response to any request you make is gracious and can-do, the execution seems to fall short. I had several requests that were made in duplicate. Finally, the food. The Atrio restaurant is a stunning space but the food is mediocre at best, overpriced and the only option besides a room service menu.I used room service twice and was disappointed in everything but a thin-crusted pizza bianca. The breakfasts are obscenely expensive. One morning I actually paid $18 for fruit juice and a wineglass sized porition of granola, berries and yogurt. There's no other eating option in the hotel and I thank god for the neighboring Novecento restaurant which is cati-corners across Brickell and which provides reasonable entrees, wonderful wines and good service to the beat of a very persistent latin rhythm and active bar scene full of young hot looking Latinos. So why the Conrad? We got a truly excellent rate for a party occupying 8 rooms for the 2 week period. I won't divulge what we paid but it was considerably less than the Columbus Hilton where we stay on frequnet trips to Ohio. That I would say is the real reason to love the Conrad. But if I had my druthers, I'd be down the block at the 4 Seasons in as fast as it took to walk there.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	5	

<Author>CWS
<Content>Great pre-cruise hotel       bedroom  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>moretimeoffplease
<Content>the conrad was the best experience       view from the hotel  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elizabeth7
<Content>Nice hotel My husband and I stayed at this very comfortable hotel for 2 nights between christmas and new year and had a very pleasant stay. As Conrad is part of the hIlton group of hotels ( and we are Hilton Honour Diamond members) we were upgraded to a beautiful suite. The accomodation was spacious and of a very high standard - with great views over city. I note from a previous review that the lifts and layout of the hotel caused confusion and inconvenience to other guests. I would endorse this in one respect - there were an inadequate number of lifts serving the bedroom floors, so very often this led to a long wait.All the staff we encountered during our stay were very helpful and there was a great selection at breakfast. The pool was nice and the public area around it very well maintained.Overall, I would recommend this hotel and although it is in the business district the efficient transport network ensures that you are within easy reach of central Miami. We have previously stayed in the Conrad Chicago and would not return to that particular Conrad. The Miami Conrad was a complete contrast and we thoroughly enjoyed our stay which was further enhanced by our upgraded room.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>B-RobCleveland
<Content>Conrad is 'hit or miss' The Conrad chain strives for a four star, Ritz-Carlton-level reputation, but this property falls short. First, I had stayed in the Conrad in Chicago; it was a superior experience, with respect to price, service, room quality, etc. I expected the same in Miami. We typically stay in South Beach, but decided to give downtown a try.I got a great rate on their website by booking over the internet and prepaying the room. I paid about $270 a night for a bay view room, which was closer to $330 on other websites. (Its not a clear bay view since there is an apartment building in the way. But you do see water.)The problems started before we checked in. There was a convention in the hotel, but they did not have enough valets to park the cars. We were told to park the car at the end of the block. Not good. But, on the plus side, they did have our bags in our room within 10 minutes of check in.Once we settled in, I called the concierge to see about a restaurant reservation. We asked about Azul, a great restaurant at the Mandarin Oriental (highly recommend Azul, by the way). The concierge said he would try, but could not guarantee given the hour. Fair enough. We also talked about top restaurants in South Beach. When I asked about other options in downtown, he mentioned there was a PF Changs up the street. Now why, if I choose Azul as my first choice, would he suggest PF Changs as a second choice? That made no sense.The elevators . . . what can I say. We saw the same gum wrapper on the floor Monday morning at check out that we saw Saturday night at check in. There was a broken glass panel in the other elevator. I just can't imagine that broken panel would be tolerated all weekend at the Ritz, the Four Seasons, or the Delano. Then there was the room. It was OK, but a bit noisy from the air conditioner and the elevator motors. The worst part was the daily wake up call by the housekeeping staff. Er . . . folks? If I call the front desk for a 10:30 wake up, that does not mean I want a knock on my door at 8:30! The oddest part: as I stood near the window and looked up near the valance, I could see exposed insulation and unfinished drywall. This could be a real problem for people with allergies, of course.I communicated all these issues to the hotel when I received an on-line survey e-mail. A few days later, I received an e-mailed letter apologizing for all the problems EXCEPT the exposed drywall. That, supposedly, is the way it was supposed to be . . . whatever . . . .A week later, I received the same letter at my house. But with the letter was a voucher for two free days in a king room! This was a pleasant surprise, of course, which I will take advantage of.In all, the hotel was, as a Brit we met in the bar put it, hit or miss. They do care, but they just don't quite have it all together. That is a management and understaffing issue, I think.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	2	3	3	4	

<Author>Citizen_0f_the_W0rld
<Content>Very Nice Hotel, but lacks the human warmth This hotel is meant for business travelers. We stayed there for a conference, and when we were not working, we were at the hotel's restaurant. The hotel itself is very nice, comfortable beds, delicious room service, very nice bathrooms. All the amenities that American business traveleres expect and need from a good hotel.However, the hotel feels very cold, and expensive.It feels very large, and you have to take a long elevator ride up and down if you want to go anywhere. Not exactly a pleasant experience, you feel almost like you are trapped in this large tower.There is NOTHING to do in the neighborhood, one night we walked to a nearby restaurant, nothing to write home about. Although when the weather is nice you can sit outside at least.For business travelers I would recommend booking at the nearby Mandarine Oriental, it's got a much more human feel and touch. That's where our conference was anyway, and the reason we stayed at the Conrad was because the Mandarine ran out of vacancies.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	2	5	4	4	5	

<Author>married&inlove
<Content>Nice, but not better than a Ritz for sure... as some reviewers had me believing. It's basicly a Westin, in any big city, with comfortable rooms, marble bath rooms  room service in a quiet high rise far from the noise of South Beach. We stayed one night before our Carribean cruise  although I liked the common areas  the bar looked pretty nice, the room was not as wonderful as I had hoped for. The bed was very comfy, but thats the least I expect in a hotel. I mean, if you don't sleep well  feel comfortable in your hotel room whats the point? It was a little weird checking in on the 25th floor than going to the 22nd to our room as also reported  since the elevators don't all go to the same floors you have to repeat that process more than once. We did have a view of the harbor, which is what we asked  paid for, but the harbor is in the distance  well, your not going to feel a breeze or hear the ocean in this room. But we did want a quiet place to relax in  thats what we. For $300. though I would say it was overpriced. We also paid $30. for the taxi from the airport  another $20. to South Beach that night  the same amt. back  so on  so forth. Miami gets very expensive very quickly. I'll take New York taxi's any day over that experience  South Beach is way loud too  somewhat crazy, as you may expect. I can now better understand how Gianni Versace died. We walked by his mansion, right on the strip  the joint was jumping with a big loud party of some kind  this atmosphere is all around you on the strip, next to the beach. I'll take a nice, quiet, white, sandy beach anytime.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FemaleTraveler
<Content>Nice hotel The rate was about $260, and it was well worth the money. Though I spent little time in my room, it was pleasant and comfortable. The room was nice, everything worked, the bathroom had a separate shower stall, the bed was very comfortable, and the staff were all attentive. I've just read some other concerns regarding the elevators -- it is confusing to be on the 19th floor and have to go up to the 25th first to go down to the ground floor. Though I understand the need for the hotel to have a separate entrance, it would have saved me some time if either 1) the hotel lobby was the lowest floor of the hotel (and so you are always going DOWN to leave the building or 2) there were some signs reminding us that we have to go up to go down.The location was a bit out of the way.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PGA2
<Content>Great Place This was a one night, very last minute stay. We picked it b/c of the location and the name and rating. I live in the area so I knew basically what to expect. The hotel exceeded my expectations. The views when checking in were amazing. The room was fantastic. Well appointed and very comfortable.Can't really imagine what anyone would complain about with this property. Enjoy. It was fantastic!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rayaberry
<Content>Very classy hotel       The hotel  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	2	2	4	

<Author>kgmcguk
<Content>Clean, Quiet and Friendly Staff       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Elle08
<Content>Can't Wait to Return! This was my first stay at the Conrad Miami and I must say that I will be back again. I'm not usually a fan of Hilton Hotels but this has changed my mind. The hotel staff was great and very helpful during my stay. The room size was large and very spacious. I even had a partial bay view which was very nice. Also, I was really impressed with how courteous and helpful everyone was during my visit. I was just there on business near the finanical district for one night but my only regret was that my stay was so short. Did I mention the wonderful view on balcony on the 25th floor? Check it out. I'm pretty picky and I must say that I was extremely pleased.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lizi4208
<Content>Overpriced       View of Pool from room  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mrs.Lovington
<Content>A fun weekend of business and pleasure My husband and I went for a long weekend at the Conrad in July. My husband had a two day convention to attend and we figured we'ld extend it into the weekend and make a short vacation out of it, we had only passed through Miami on our way to Key West. We had a great time. The Conrad is a beautiful hotel located in the business area. The room is tastefully decorated and very relaxing with slippers, bathrobes, complimentary water bottles, and a turn-down service with chocolates. We both enjoyed the room very much, the staff was friendly and accomadating, and the pool was terrific. You really should go and relax by the pool, its warm and never very crowded even on a Saturday. There were wonderful cabanas there to sit in to block out the sun and cold water was nearby too. We enjoyed the pool and swam almost every day of our trip. We did not eat at the restaurant there, but did have room service and that too was very good. All in all, we had a great time at the Conrad.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>NOLA70115
<Content>Walls like paper If you are a light sleeper, STAY CLEAR OF THE MIAMI CONRAD.Other than that, the hotel was just fine.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>1	3	-1	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Mactoki
<Content>Very nice, modern stylish Hotel in Downtime Miami We stayed here for one night on points before driving down to Key West. The Hotel is very modern and very stylishly decorated (as we expected). The service was very good 鈥?check in was extremely smooth, one of the porters took us to our room and gave us a quick tour. The sea view from the bathroom was great and we really liked the huge windows. The food in the restaurant was on the whole very tasty although my wife's entree (Chilean Sea Bass) was too salty. The continental breakfast was excellent. The bed was very comfy, although the room was a touch on the small side. This was in part made up for by the large bathroom and we liked the separate shower cubicle.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Mugsydogg
<Content>Excellent Stayed here 1 night in April. I got upgraded to a 1 bedroom suite which was probably the nicest hotel room I've ever stayed in. Everything was immaculate. The view, the bathroom, the bed, everything. Checkin was a little odd, being on the 25th floor. My room was on the 21st, so I had to take an elevator up to 25, walk around a corner, then another elevator down to 21. No big deal considering what I had for a room. Great telescope to look out at the water or the city. Bring your ipod for the in room ipod stereo. The room service was also top notch. A+ stay.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>kecoco
<Content>Sleek and Sophisticated Miami Hotel I had a perfect stay at this beautiful hotel. Stayed 3 nights during the Sony/Erickkson tennis tournament in a 1 bedroom residence. This is a great hotel - front desk, Atrio restaurant and health club staff were friendly and professional. The atrium lobby is spectacular and a great place to sit, relax and have a late afternoon cocktail. Accomodations were wonderful - sophisticated muted decor with fine furnishings and a great bathroom with separate walk-in shower. I have stayed at the Four Seasons, Ritz Carlton South Beach, Ritz Carlton Coconut Grove and my accomodations at the Conrad were far superior to any of the others. I will definitely go back. I have read comments about being in a business district but there are great restaurants within walking distance of the hotel and is a safe area for jogging and walking along the bay.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teriaki
<Content>Fantastic... can't say enough good things The Conrad is just the epitomy of luxury and elegance. The staff couldn't be better. There really is no better hotel in Miami.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>TravelSneak
<Content>I highly recommmend! This is a great hotel and I would stay here again. It is in a good location on hip Brickell Avenue, right on Biscayne Bay. Every employee I came into contact with was courteous, friendly, and professional. I was given a free upgrade to a studio which included a gorgeous little kitchen (granite counters, hardwood floors). The view was stunning even though I did not face the water, so I can only imagine how great the water view rooms are. The room was nicely decorated with a modern theme. The nightly turndown service was great with free chocolates and bottled water. The room was a pleasure to relax in at the end of a long day. I hated to leave!  
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Abonda
<Content>Great in many things, but still having problems My wife and I stayed here for two nights for a business meeting being held at this hotel. Other reviewers have given details I won't repeat here. Definately a luxury hotel with beautiful rooms and attentive service. Every employee we encountered gave us a smile and a greeting. BUT, there were a couple of areas that still need work. First, the list of hotel ammenities we saw in the on-line descriptions said free wireless internet. Not true. In the room internet (either wireless or Ethernet) cost $14.95/24hours. There was a provision to enter a username and password if the business entity that was holding their meeting there provided one. We tried the code that our business was given. We always got a message that the account was not activated when we tried it. In spite of reporting this problem, it never got fixed in the 2 days we stayed there - had to pay the $14.95 anyway. Was also told that Wifi internet was free in the meeting rooms on the 3rd floor. We never were able to connect there - always got a message that the service was blocked. Finally the organizer of the business meeting told us that they had lots of problems with that side of the hotel operations. The rooms were not set-up as requested and the materials that were shipped in advance to the hotel were not in the meeting room at the start of the meeting, but there were 5 hotel employees there to greet them! Bottom line - a great place to stay if you can afford it AND realize that you have to specifically ask for everything you want them to do for you.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	4	5	4	4	2	

<Author>L'amour99
<Content>Very Nice, but could do better. First, let me start by saying that this hotel is indeed a very nice hotel. The image Hilton give of the Conrad chain is that it is a 5* hotel and by the look, this is definitely a top end hotel. I arrived with family on Christmas day and stayed over the New Year. On check in while there was 2 staff members behind the desks only one on them was dealing with guests. The other member of staff saw us waiting, did not even say sorry for the wait we ended up waiting to check in for 15 mins! I booked 2 smoking rooms, they gave us 2 non smoking rooms- there was no longer any deluxe smoking rooms left, even though I booked months ago!Once checked in, we made our way to our room. It was a lovely room. Clean with a great view of the bay and Molton Brown amenities. Noticed the mini bar in the other room did not lock and made sure I let the hotel know about this before they started charging us for items, we had not taken! Around the windows, it seemed like to window were not fixed or plastered correctly or that they were still in the process of renovating the window area. They was also construction work during our stay, this was not a problem as they was not much noise, this might have been down to the fact that it was the holiday season, but the hotel should have made sure that they informed all guests of this matter.Also after leaving our room for a while, with the AC turned onto heat, I returned to find that my room was as cold as an ice box. It seemed like the AC had broken and the display reading was not as warm as displayed. Maintenance came to the room and within 1 min, stated that the problem was fixed. Needless to say the AC remained broken for the whole stay, after mentioning this to front desk for the second time and getting no response. I decided to turn the AC completely off and try to enjoy the rest of my stay, as it was winter, so the need for AC was not that great. (something, I would not have done, if I was staying during the warmer months)The location is good if you don't mind using the PT (public transport) as you are across the street from a metromover stop and can get to downtown, cocowalk and south beach very easily. We used the bus and train and metro mover to get around, as the hotel charges too much for parking. As for food, we ate at the restaurant in the morning, as we had HHonors breakfast vouchers. The breakfast is ok, but I have had better. Hard to find a decent coffee shop in the area and you have to be prepared to travel for some food, unless you want to eat at the hotel.There is a Walgreens and a Publics supermarket within walking distance, which made getting water easier, as water which is provided in room is $7 for a small bottle. We arranged to have new years dinner at the hotel and I expected it to be over priced and not worth it, but it was surprisingly decent. A 4 course champagne meal was around $100 per person. The turndown attendants were lovely and very friendly unlike to concierge who gave off a really bad attitude, when asked where the nearest sports bar was (sorry for asking!)All in all, I would go back to the Conrad, but not for the price paid. I have stayed in much nicer Hilton hotels and considering this is meant to be the top of their chain, it could have been much better.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	3	2	3	3	

<Author>gvr001
<Content>Decent for business, OK for vacation I spent a weekend at the Hotel Conrad Miami for a conference. First, the location. The hotel is located in downtown Miami, in the financial district. If you're here on business, that's fine. However, all the fun is in South Beach, which is a good 15-20 minute cab ride away, which costs $25-$30. This is where the good restaurants, night clubs, and beaches are.We all found the check in very odd. It is on the 25th floor. From there, you need to take a 2nd elevator to get to your room. So, to get to the gym, or to leave the building, you need to take 2 elevators, which can be an annoyance. The bar and restaurant are on this floor, and I didn't try either.The room itself was beautiful. Nice marble countertops, and a well designed bathroom. The only problem with the room was that the TV was pretty small. For a hotel of this quality and a large room, I was expecting a better TV.The hotel gym is decent. It is under construction, so it probably will be in better shape. The exercise equipment is modern, with each cardio machine having its own TV set. I did not visit the adjacent spa.All in all, it's a nice business hotel. However, for vacationers, there really is no reason to stay here, and I would head to south beach, and get a hotel there.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>CA_ski_mom
<Content>We enjoyed our weekend in Miami! We stayed just Friday and Saturday night, as we were in Miami for a weekend wedding. Most everything was very nice. Front desk staff was attentive and helpful when we needed directions, etc. Room was quiet with a nice view towards the ocean, although the hotel is a block away from the water. A bit on the small side, the room was nicely appointed and the bathroom was roomy. I loved the comfy down bedding, the bed was great and we both slept really well. Nightly turn down service with bottled water  chocolate was nice touch.  The only meal we ate at the hotel was a private brunch on the rooftop patio Sunday morning, and it was excellent. The ample waitstaff tended to our every need and the buffet was delicious and constantly restocked over the course of the three hours we were there. Location is downtown in business district, not much to do in the area if you are a tourist. Rooftop pool looked ok, we didn't spend any time there because it was very windy while we were there. My only complaint was that even though we registered as a wedding guest, we never recieved the gift basket that all wedding guests were supposed to have had delivered to their room. Not sure who's fault it was, we didn't know about the basket until after we checked out. Tip: DON'T bother trying to self park, it is a pain and costs the same per day as valet.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>iluvamex
<Content>Worst 5-star hotel in the world We stayed for 2 weeks over the holidays at this '5-star hotel'. We had great rooms, part of the residences at the top of the tower, booked through Amex. Unfortunately, the service is the worst at this hotel. The maids speak no english, wake you up at 8:30 in the morning when the 'do not disturb' sign is up, refuse to leave new Q-tips or cotton balls, and do not actually clean up the room. Dirty plates and glasses were left day after day, and the complementary tea bags were not replaced until I screamed at the front desk. The maids also continued to replace the soft padding on the top of the mattress after we took it off everynight, until we threw it in the middle of the hallway after a week of taking it off before going to bed. Also, the washing machines in the residences are 'for pretend', and the housekeeping department can't speak enough english to tell you this, until you have waited for an hour for the clothes detergent, to go to the front desk, were the receptionist tells you that the machienes are for pretend.The restaurant is terrible too. The food is too heavy, saturated in oil, and will give you the runs. It takes 30 mins for an appatizer to arrive when the dining room is empty. The do not have room temperature bottled water. The waterfall is too loud, and most of the waiters cannot deal with special requests. The chef claims to not know how to put together a regular eggs benedict when they have a 'lobster benedict' on the menu. The hostess was nice though, I will give the restaurant that.I could go on. Really far. I hated this hotel-it should be demoted to 4 stars. I went to the Four Seasons (which was next door) basically everyday for breakfast, even though breakfast at my hotel was free, because my hotel disgusted me so much.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Akgambler
<Content>You Have to be KIDDING Me! We stayed here after a cruise. It was NY Eve so everything was booked, and we decided that staying in this area would be ok. What a mistake. This is a business hotel, not for vacationers. Staff could care less. Check in was a nightmare - hours and hours later. I saw many angry people trying to check in. Pool bar and pool is a joke, especially the bartender. You have to go to the 25th floor to check in - across to another building for the pool - and there is no gift shop or sundries available on the premises. There is no cafe type dining, only the main restaurant. Which had ONLY special seating available on NY Eve. My husband wanted to get us coffee to go and they made him sit at a table in the restaurant, and order it to go in order to get it. The staff keeps telling you to go across to the Marriott for services... why not just STAY there? The front desk manager was nice when I ended my trip by visiting with her and giving her this information, but was more concerned about making sure my mini bar items were accounted for than apologizing or comping anything. This is an expensive hotel. Not worth the money. It is well appointed, and the maids were excellent - the room was clean and quite lovely. But that's not worth the price. Concierge was nice also. We stayed at the Intercontinental before the cruise and highly recommend that hotel instead. I am not a novice traveler - I know this hotel is not worth the price. Early check in fee $100, early check out fee $100 - they get you coming and going. They need to improve! Oh AND PS - THIS HOTEL IS UNDER CONSTRUCTION - do they mention that when you make a reservation - NO. That is why they don't have a main lobby or gift shop.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelgirl02
<Content>Not worth the money for vacationers We stayed here two nights in Jan. 07. This hotel is very confusing with the lobby on the 25th floor then down to your room but then back up to the 25th floor to change elevators to go down to street level. You must also go across the entry and up the elevator to get to the pool which also seems silly. Very inconvenient layout. The rooms were nice but not well kept. My husband cut his ankle on a one inch piece of metal sticking out of the chair and I had to call maintenance to get a loud buzz coming out of the fan fixed. They did bring extra blankets when asked and we also got a rollaway as requested. I stay at hilton family hotels often but usually at the Hampton Inns because I do not like to be nickeled and dimed by mandatory valet parking (unless you want to pay more due to in/out pay for self-park), charges to use the internet and exorbitant room service charges. We only stayed here because friends were, (they were not impressed either). The help was mostly adequate but valet did not have our car ready either time we called for it and in both cases had 15+ minutes to get it. Once they had misplaced the keys and my husband had to go identify them off their board. What others said we also experienced, construction, no where to walk etc. I agree, stay in South Beach if at all possible. This hotel is probably ok if you are doing business downtown but not for vacationers. If they would pay attention to more details (i.e. furnishings, service, keeping construction areas cleaner) it would also be more enjoyable staying here.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>WeekendGetaways43
<Content>Business Traveler or just R As the top of the Hilton chain, this property is very good, but it is no 5 star resort. It is fine for someone just looking for peace/quiet, good location( close to airport, Bayside and South Beach) and very good value( much less per night than JW Marriott , Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental). I had a Bay View Room which was clean and very well appointed. Housekeeping does a good job with follow through. Although I found an evening male concierge to be somewhat abrupt, everyone else was very courteous and kind. I was upgraded with no problems and everything was delivered as promised ( from food to extra pillows)The menu is somewhat trendy but the food is well presented and well prepared.The one negative that I can say is that Hilton seems to forget that some people are actually on vacation. The gym/spa and pool ( seperate bulidings) both close astonishingly early ! The pool closes at dusk and the gym at 8pm on weekends! I had no problem with this since I spend most of my time in my room reading when I can at night. There are very few scenic areas to walk around on the grounds, and I love to walk!I will return to this hotel again for myself, but I would not recomend family vacationers or anyone looking for a resort type setting.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>roar_03
<Content>Average business hotel- Good value I was in town for Art Basel and couldn't get a place in South Beach. Downtown is really a ghost town but it was a nice change from the crush of people in SOBE. We were upgraded to a residence basically a suite with a kitchenette. Nice Molton Brown products. Huge marble bath and good light in the rooms.I did find the living room furniture to be a little IKEAesque but not terrible.This is a business hotel - not a luxury hotel. Not nearly in the class of a Four Seasons or Mandarin Oriental.The Staff was friendly to us, not especially professional perhaps more training would be in order but none of them had Miamitude I would stay there again if I had discount corporate rates.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>dil345
<Content>Staff not the friendliest I went with my husband, who was on a business trip, to this hotel. The location isn't good if you want to be on the water. The hotel had a European feel and the staff wasn't the friendliest.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>TravelinThru80
<Content>Avoid the Conrad Miami at all costs!! I stayed at the Conrad in Miami in November 2006 for a long weekend while doing business. I found a number of problems during my stay. The layout of the hotel is confusing: To get from my room to the pool, I had to take three elevator rides (from my room to the upper lobby; upper lobby to lower lobby; across to the other tower and up to the pool.) There was extensive construction during my stay. I woke at 7:30am on Saturday morning to jackhammers, which sounded like they were directly above me. While I was conducting interviews at the hotel (the whole purpose for my stay there) the loud construction continued. When I called to complain, I was met with a rude, There's nothing we can do. Thankfully, enough people complained (apparently everyone in the hotel) and they eventually did cease construction.I requested a late checkout (since checkout is at noon and my flight was not until 7pm). I called the night before. Again, a rude employee curtly told me to call back in the morning. I called that morning. Yes, a late checkout could be arranged. The time? 1pm! Gee! An entire hour! How generous.Other problems throughout the stay: I had to continually ask for a newspaper to be delivered to my room in the morning. The restaurant staff at Atrio, the hotel's in-house eatery, were slow and inattentive. And if you're looking for recreational activities during down time, there's nothing within walking distanceof the hotel. A taxi ride is required to get to anywhere worthwhile.My advice? Stay in South Beach instead at one of the nice hotels on Collins Ave. Skip this place.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vikster7
<Content>Gorgeous We thought this hotel was great value for money - we got a beautiful suite for quite a cheap price. Gorgeous restaurant too.You have to go in separate lifts in a separate building to get to the pool which was a bit strange, and the bar wasn't open/nobody around BUT the pool is lovely if not quite small. Definately recommend as MUCH cheaper than other hotels in the area.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KaliFlaMex
<Content>Helpful Staff, Comfortable  First time at a Conrad Hilton hotel. The downtown location is ok, as always in Miami there's construction going on. You have to take the elevator up 20 flights to get to the lobby, then go to a seperate set of elevators to go down to your room. Our King, Bay View room had a view of the tennis courts and pool, plus the condo building directly in front of the hotel. So it was a partial view. The bed was yummy and sheets were luxurious (best part of the room). There was a desk and a comfortable lounge chaise in the room as well. The bathroom was covered in marble, seperate tub, long vanity counter top, good lighting. The stand up shower wasn't all that great. Good water pressure, but there's no place to put your shampoo, soaps, or to comfortably shave your legs (ladies). Plus, all the water leaked through the bottom of the glass shower door - put down lots of towels or you'll slip on those marble floors. Turn down service brought two free bottles of water ($8 in the mini-bar). Great continental breakfast, expect to sit down and order off the menu. If you're on the go, have them box it up, bkfst is great and free (if you have a pass, ask the front desk for one). There's also a coffee maker in the room if you don't want to walk down in the mornings. Morton's Steakhouse is across the street, but there's a restaurant in the hotel, too. You'll definitely need a car, or a cab, to get to the beaches. Overall, ok for business, but not for pleasure.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>javisq
<Content>Beautiful room, too cool for me I had never stayed at a Conrad before and decided to take the plunge. The room was well appointed and well done. Everything was very comfortable. There was a seperate shower and tub, which is always nice. The views were quite good. The lobby is on the 25th floor and the guest rooms are below, so it takes 2 elevator rides at least to get where you want. While you can self-park, it does not allow for in-out priviledges. Staff was very friendly. While there was work being done to the outside of the building, I never noticed anything.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MemberinNJ
<Content>Great Value You cannot beat the service at the Conrad. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Room was exceptionally clean and we appreciated the turndown service which provided bottled water and slippers. All the upgraded amenities were a nice touch. I agree that the walls are slightly thin. However, no poblem sleeping in the comfortable beds.This hotel was about a $20 cab ride from South Beach and Key Biscayne. Breakfast at Atrio was amazing, dinner was just average.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>roltrader
<Content>price high, service poor I was on a business trip with 2 colleagues in Miami. As the Four Seasons was booked we landed at the Conrad nearby. My 2 colleagues had severe problems checking in as the credit card acceptance did not work. So they had to draw cash and pay the room in advance. Next day it worked, when I checked in. The walls are thin and everything is very loud at night, nothing for people who don麓t sleep deeply. The house-keeping is worse than in a 2* hotel. For everything you need you have to call them (sometimes twice) as they do not fill up the bath accessories automatically, only upon request. Ckecking out a problem again, they were not able to provide my colleague a proper invoice because he paid cash (which was their fault). Excuse was: ..we are using the Hilton system which can not handle this.. Also late check out (only 2 hlours) took me 30min to arrange.I travel a lot business-wise in the US, Europe and Asia usually stay in 4* hotels. For 279$ this hotel is a joke.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	1	2	

<Author>BMWUtopia
<Content>The Best Hotel I have ever stayed in--Bar None!! If you ever have the chance to stay in the Conrad Miami, treat yourself to this hotel. The service was outstanding, the staff very attentive, rooms perfect--it's what I would imagine heaven to be like. Try the restaurant--you will not be disappointed!! It features outstanding views of the city. The bar upstairs is equally nice. The hotel also has an awesome workout room and spa.Truly this is one of the best hotels--better than Ritz Carltons, JW Marriotts, and Intercontinentals (and those are great hotels too). This is a rare treat!!!  
<Date>Sep 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gingerbug
<Content>Great way to start off a cruise vacation! We stayed at the Conrad the night before we were to set sail on a cruise out of the Port of Miami. It was a great treat and a great way to kick off our vacation.Anytime we ever cruise out of Miami or Fort Lauderdale, we always stay the night before. I was searching and found the Conrad. It had just opened a couple of months earlier and offered a Grand Opening rate of only $100 for the normal $400 room. I booked it.The only flaw is the multi lifts that you have to use to get around. Other than that, it was a treat.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>tijotijo
<Content>Thank You Alex and the Staff I stayed at the Conrad for 4th July weekend. I was not to happy about my room since it was facing this construction site. I called the front desk a room change was not problem. Furthermore , the front desk staff we always smiling, free internet service, staff perfect, grand bathroom facing the bay. I just want to say thanks to Alex in the staff. I will post some pictures at later date.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for the light sleeper If you're a light sleeper, this isn't the place for you. The clientele is louder than at the J.W. Marriot or Four Seasons, and the walls are paper thin.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Notch       view from my room  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't VALET at CONRAD Our stay at the Conrad was great, with one major exception. Upon leaving, we waited 30 minutes for the valet.... No car...No sign of the valet... After asking the head valet, Nicolas, What's going on??? he replied, Oh, your car has a flat, didn't they tell you..?Unfortunately, the valet also misplaced the key for another 20 minutes or so which delayed my ability to change the tire and get on the road with my wife and kids. All the while Nicolas, provided no help and was actually quite rude and uncaring. When I asked his name, he replied, You want to take my name tag too..? However, the most distressing thing was that I found out that they tried to use FIX A FLAT on my SUV's COMPLETELY flat tire!!! Without ASKING!!! Look, I know, flats happen, but I can't help but shudder to think what could have happened if the fix-a-flat worked and we drove off onto the highway back home (about 100 miles, btw). I definitely got the feeling they were not going to tell me about the flat---why else would they try to fix it before bringing the car around??? Or asking? Dissapointing, unprofessional and, frankly, DANGEROUS behavior. P.S. I'm still waiting for the assistant manager's call back (he was made aware of the situation as it unfolded). Nice guy, took my cell#, but I haven't heard anything... I know the Valet is a concession, not run by Hilton, but I think it is just another example of how these hotels are cutting back on service and training of their staff and those they outsource these jobs to. Enjoy the hotel, just don't give your keys to the valet!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>classy without the attitude We stayed at the Conrad a month after Hurricane Wilma came through Miami. The hotel had sustained significant damage, but they did a great job at hiding it from the guests.The staff was so unbelievably pleasant and helpful. They had no attitude and treated us quite well.The rooms were gorgeous. Very hip, but not cheesy.Great location - unless you want to be in the heart of south beach. If you prefer a quieter, more serene area, this is the place to go.We ate at the restaurant one night. It was very comfortable with a great menu and tasty food. The staff was great.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible Experience After being overbooked at a South Beach Hotel, I was pushed off to the Conrad in downtown Miami. Not only was I no longer going to be at a SoBe hotel, I was moved to a downtown Miami hotel which was not what I wanted at all. In any event, I was given directions and sent on my way. That's when the nightmare began. 3 hours later, I was still no where near the hotel. The front desk nor the conceirge were able to give me accurate directions for the hotel they worked out. Everyone was getting me more lost than the next. Of course, having a festival in the street that caused the road to be closed down, no one could figure out how to get me there. Finally, after such a disasterous experience, I decided to just leave the area entirely, and head north to Fort Lauderdale and stay where people were much more helpful, although it simply ruined my weekend that should have been on South Beach. Given this experience, I will NEVER stay at this hotel again, nor would I ever recommend it to anyone. If you work at a hotel, minimumly, you should be able to get your guests there. It's a very poor reflection on the hotel, and there are too many other hotels to chose from rather than a second/third rate hotel  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>P-E-R-F-E-C-T- ! the hotel is perfection in the making. every detailed was catered to and attended too. ATRIO IS GREAT ! the food and staff are excellent! We expected a little less since the hotel is still new and coming back from the hurricane but it really made us say WOW. DEFINITLY RECOMMENDED !!  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Affordable Luxury. Wow! I stayed at the Conrad from November 25th -28th 2005 and from the time of arrival my stay was fantastic. On arrival I was greeted by friendly professional staff and check in was effortless, within minutes I was in my room. Check-out was even easier. I didn't even have to go to the front desk. A bill was sent to my room I approved it and that was it.The room was exactly as it appeared on the hotel's website and was beautifully furnished. I have never seen a room in that price range so well appointed. Very contemporary and tasteful. The bed was the most comfortable bed in all my hotel stays. The bathroom was big and had a separate bath and marble shower. Temple Spa amenities were replenished daily. The Atrio restaurant was great. The breakfast I ordered was honestly the best breakfast I have ever had at a hotel. The Noir bar was sleek and contemporary and was a great alternative as suppose to going out. In room dinning menu was great, it offered a good selection. However I found the additional charges for room service to be a bit steep.The hotel provided complimentary wireless internet access in all rooms and this was quite a relief as I usually encounter stress regarding internet access at hotels I have stayed at before. The gym was very nice. Great variety of machines. Fresh fruit and water was provided complimentary in the gym. The spa attendant periodically walked around offering cold towels. Nice touch!The hotel is stylish and modern and I found that very appealing. I would definitely recommend this hotel since from personal experience there is no other hotel in Miami where you can you get this level of service and luxury for this price.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nightmare at the Conrad               More photos  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Alex_Sarah
<Content>The Conrad hits the right notes Stayed for 1 night at the end of a vacation before flying back to London. We checked in early at 11.30am but as this was a Sunday it presented no problems and we were also upgraded to a Bayview Room.This hotel is in the business district and so at weekends is an oasis of calm away from the plastic and botoxed specimens of South Beach. We asked for a late check out as we were not flying back until 8.30pm but were advised the best the hotel could do was 1pm - as we were checking out on a Monday when most of the guests would be arriving for another working week. However we were offered use of the health club and pool including the showers (complete with hairdryer) and spent the lazy Monday on our own in the sun by the pool.One of the key reasons we chose this hotel was its' proximity to PORCAO restaurant. We have eaten here before and returned again and found that little had changes - goood news when the food is great and the service warm.We will have fond memories of our night at the Conrad, from the bottle of Fizz that arrived in our room, to the great Mojito in the bar on the 25th floor looking out over the bay. It maybe in the banking district but if you have a night to kill and want to stay in a great hotel then The Conrad is the business  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dagnyt
<Content>Fabulous Stay at the Conrad My fiance and I stayed at the Conrad Miami over July 4th weekend. We had priced out hotels on South Beach and in other places, but with a net rate of $112 per night from hilton, it couldn't be beat--not even with the $26 per day valet parking fee. But, they only charged me for one of the days, so that turned out to be very sweet.I was pretty impressed with the Conrad. Awesome bathroom, nice amenities. Every night they turn down your bed, leave slippers out and leave you a tray with two lovely bottles of water from Italy (for free) and a bucket of ice. They were celebrating their 1 year anniversary and they also left us some really fabulous cake.Bed was comfy. Flat screen TV was nice. There's an in room DVD player and the wireless internet is free, but only for the first day. Pool is on top of the parking deck across the street. It's nice, but not very big and the view is of other buildings. But the amenities, again, are great--terry wrapped loungers, free water and lemonade. There's also a fake grass tennis court up there.For us it was fine--we had never been to Miami before and roamed all over. We only got to spend a half day on the beach, though, because it was a chore to get there, park, walk over and then it started to rain. So I'd definitely say if you want South Beach, it's best to stay on South Beach and just pay what you have to pay. It's a half-hour over by car at night when things heat up and you have to find a parking spot. The way back was worse--the cops had closed down all but one lane and were running sobriety checks for the holiday, so it took almost an hour to get back over. But I wasn't willing to pay $300 a night for SoBe, so I took the wait in stride.This is a good hotel for business travelers; passers through who want a nice, comfy, quiet room; people on a getaway where they spend a lot of time in the room; or for people who don't mind a commute and want a really nice room to go back to at night. It's not a Four Seasons or a Ritz, but it's fairly plush and was extremely affordable. The 25th floor lobby has some amazing views.I'd definitely go back, though not if I had to pay more than I did for this stay. And I think next time I'll try SoBe, just to see a different side.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>DAW2000
<Content>First rate service We have just returned from from an impromptu weekend (evacuation from Grand Cayman as a result of the imminent arrival of Hurricane Emily) at this excellent hotel. The Conrad is a spectacular building blessed with great views and elegant, understated decor, but it has its greatest asset in its staff. Everyone, from the doormen and the housemaids to the duty manager, was unfailingly polite and helpful. In particular, we were faced with some uncertainty as to when our return flight would leave, but the manager first allowed our party (in 3 separate rooms) to extend our check-out until 5pm, and then overnight (on short notice) without hesitation. The Conrad will certainly be our first choice for our next visit to Miami.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a Honeymoon Hotel I am writing this review long after my stay, but my experiences are still very fresh in my mind since it was one of the stops on my honeymoon. We had a nicely decorated room with a comfortable bed. However, I booked a romance package and told the staff that I was staying there as part of my honeyoom, well when I arrived the staff seemed confused and even put out that I asked about the bottle of champane that was supposed to come with the extra romance package price tag. We finally did recieve one cheap bottle of champane on the first night, despite the fact that we paid an extra fee for each night that we stayed there. I though that the romance package would be a little something special, but it was a total waste of money. When we stayed there they were doing construction on the place so hammering started around 8am the first two mornings. Hopefully the construction is done now.We were also charged on our credit card (at a later date) for someone else's room service. This was corrected, but still a little annoying ... what if I hadn't checked my bank statement?Finally I have to agree with some of the other reviews ... it is not located near anything recreational so plan accordingly, and the bar is VERY EXPENSIVE!!! ... even for South Beach  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Troubled Property The hotel is posh, although rooms are on the small side for a modern hotel. Beds were comfortable, bathrooms large. I was placed in a queen room at check-in, even though I confirmed a king. Usually get some sort of upgrade as a hilton gold member - here I got breakfast. (was moved to a king room on the second night of my 3-day stay though)Again, nothing to write home about - there are many better choices in Miami (both downtown and south beach) But there was this one incident that sticks in my mind...I arrived back at the hotel late on a sunday evening. Had received the turndown service (bottle of water and ice bucket left on try on bed) Room looked great... but there was a copy of PENTHOUSE left next to the television. (wasn't mine... not my sort of thing) Looked recent, but it was unwrapped and looked to have been opened.I immediately felt somewhat afraid... someone was in this room - and left THAT there. What else did they do? I inspected the room and my belongings and everything seemed okay. Needless to say I figured I should tell someone about it - so I headed down to the front desk.He seemed apologetic.., asked me what he could do about the situation. Honestly I didn't know - I was tired, they were sold-out, and I just wanted to sleep. But he re-keyed the room and called housekeeping to take a look at the problem.About 20 minutes later - two females from housekeeping knocked on the door. They looked around and seemed confused as to what the problem was. Then I pointed to the magazine by the TV. One picked it up... still seemed unconcered. Then she opened it and saw what kind of magazine it was. There was a quick sign of the cross (think that's what it's called) And they were on their way.Checked out the next day. Requested a late check-out and was denied. (gold members are supposed to get 4pm) So I mentioned the magazine incident the previous night. The manager on duty was shocked.I couldn't really believe that no-one (not even the front desk clerk) had made a note of this whole situation in the log book the previous night. It appeared that this was news to everyone. In any case they granted me a 2pm departure and promised to get back in touch with me about the magazine problem. No one ever called.To be honest I don't think they cared that: 1) someone broke into my room and left that there or 2) someone from their staff spends their free time in guest rooms looking at porn. In any case, not what you'd expect from a 4* hotel. If you need to be downtown: Do youself a favor and stay that the four seasons (there's a great view of it from the Conrad check-in desk) or if you're on a budget... the JW Marriott. Just don't stay here - it's really not worth it.----- Unless the Penthouse thing is what the property is trying to go for. Actually ran into a friend from Thialand on South Beach the next day. He wasn't really surprised and said that the Conrad Bangkok is considered the 5* party hotel. If that's the anlge they're going for with their first US property... then I change my rating to 5* and say well done -------Thanks for your time.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Jewel in Miami! Stayed here 5/13 to 5/15/2005 for my sister's college graduation. Beautiful property with professional staff. I received a professional and friendly welcome, even escorted to the elevator. Lovely room with contemporary elegance. Great view of the bay. I could see clear to south beach and Fisher Island from my room. The room was fresh and crisp, nicely appointed. Large marble bathroom with seperate tub/shower. Good toiletries. On sunday we got Bulgari products. Crisp Italian bed linens with white duvet cover. Umbrella in closet for the rain. Automatic turndown service in the evenings without having to ask. Slippers were place by my bed. Free bottled water. Great spa/gym. Classy, classy place! Great value for Miami. Many hotels in Miami are not customer friendly. This place is not like the rest. Elegant location on Brickell Avenue - downtown, but yet close to all the hot spots. South Beach hotels are overrated and over-priced! This was a much nicer experience. Oh, great elegant all american breakfast for $7.00, very affordable in lovely atmosphere, can't beat that!Paid $155.00 Government rate. Next available rate was $199.00No regrets! Oh, and the room was large (double beds) by any hotel standards.Neighbors with the Four Seasons Miami, JW Marriott, and the Mandarin Oriental. All upscale properties in the area, surrounded by million dollar condos and the bay.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Feelings I went to this hotel for a conference, and was surprised and disappointed at the same time. The building does not seemed to have been designed very well - for example, it took three elevators just to get from my room to our meals. Noir Bar was hideously over priced (as was the spa). I had to pay $18 for a bellini and couldn't afford a facial (had to wait until I got back to New York). However, the staff was gracious, the food was excellent, the gym was nice, and there were several nice small touches that made the weekend more enjoyable than I expected. It's not close to much, so it seems definitely more oriented towards business and conference trips. Book accordingly.  
<Date>May 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>One of the best in Miami I recently stayed at the Conrad in April. From the moment I checked in, I was treated as if I was a return guest. Most of the staff called me by name. At breakfast, I always received a warm greeting. They even knew what I liked at breakfast by the second and third day. The rooms were excellent. I had a bayview room in the corner of the hotel. The view was amazing. The beds were large and comfortable. Turn-down service was great. Bathrooms were nice. Bulgari amenities are excellent. The Concierge was well-versed on everything in Miami. From the reception staff to the doormen, it was as if I had been on a cruise ship. It was a pleasure staying at the hotel, especially if you don't want to pay expensive hotel prices on South Beach!! I definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful experience I and some business colleagues stayed at this hotel in September last year just after it opened. I returned in October. The staff could not do enough for us. the concierge was knowledgeable and extremely helpful. The view from corner suite is excellent and high speed internet was included in the price. Parking is 24 a night if you valet it (about the average for the area) - free if park on the street at night and drive off during the day! I will make an effort to stay there again when I next visit Miami.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>THE BEST HOTEL EVER!!!!!! Unbelievable...the best hotel I have ever stayed at and I have stayed at Westin, St. Regis, W etc. Brand new rooms- Flat screen TV in every room. Pillow menu- any type of pillow you want - water, body, down all for free. Free internet on wireless card- free in 15 minute increments in the business center. I stayed at the Sheraton Biscayne bay for 3 days for the same price and it is a dump. Well worth every penny I spent. Not sure what hotels the reviewers that gave this bad marks are comparing to. Trust me stay at the Hotel Conrad-  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check your credit card for unnecessary duplicate charges I stayed at the Conrad at New Years Eve and prepaid my reservation and when I checked into the hotel, they said that I have not paid yet. I had to show proof from my credit card bill that I paid for and they fixed the situation. The room was very nice and the people that worked there were very friendly, until when I checked out, and I found out they were charges for the night I stayed there. I had to show the receptionist AGAIN my receipt and that my charge was prepaid. Now, I checked my credit card bill and I see A HOTEL RATE CHARGE and an additional charge I have no idea for. I had to call the 1800 number and this is my 3rd time complaining about this problem. I WILL NOT STAY at the CONRAD again. I have never had a problem with any hotel charges before, and I thought if I fixed it one time, it would be fixed.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Andre! Andre!....way to go (UBC) My compay recently had a conference at the Conrad Miami. We were particularly excited due to the fact that the hotel was new and we had heard so many wonderful things about the property. I must say it was hard to get around the hotel but one young man made it quite easy. When one refers to service this young man is the complete package. He greeted us with a charming smile at the door and then escorted us to our room. We then found out the following morning that he was the meeting's concierge of the hotel's meeting facility and catered to our every need ooh so well. He knew more about the capabilities of the floor , showed compasion and was very eloquent and poised in his delivery. A true professional I must add because it was hard to see this in any other staff memeber we came in contact with. If my company ever decides to go back to this property it will be because of this young man. He is the reason for the 5 star review because workers of this calibar who posess a true passion for what they do is very hard to find. I only wish there were more people like Andre around the hotel ...that in itself would make a true 5 star property. You are a great asset !  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A great hotel experience... We stayed at the Conrad between 12/24/04 and 12/29/04 and loved it. I was a bit wary given some of the negative reviews but I think some of the complaints are clearly unfounded--for example--the construction across the street was no more than a new building going up in this part of Miami where there has been an explosion of new constrction and in no way interfered with the great views. Yes the pool is in another area of the hotel, but this is true in many hotels. The Conrad is a very cool and New York-sylish hotel-urbane and sophisticated. The rooms were spacious and nicely furnished. We stayed in two different suites--a one bedroom within the hotel and a two bedroom suite/residence and both were really great spaces. The rooftop pool area, especially for a city hotel, was relaxing and subdued--in fact the entire hotel had the same quiet atmosphere. We ate breakfast every morning at the hotel restaurant where food and service were stellar (same for other meals and room service). I found the staff very helpful--in fact I can't recall a single no to any request we had--and we had quite a few given we were there with our 6 and 15 year old boys as well. Overall a great hotel experience--and looking forwrd to a return visit.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>point5
<Content>Extremely Rude Staff After an extremely unpleasant stay at the JW Marriott, we switched hotels over to the Conrad Miami (two blocks away). We were very impressed with the night staff, Nicos and Omar. They made us feel extremely pampered and treated us the way a five star hotel should treat guest. Nicos told us that we could check in at 11:00 and that every thing was going to be handled. The following morning, when we went to check in, the one and only front desk staff member told me that I could not check in. I told her that I had a two year old who needed a nap and the we just checked out the the JW Marriott. She finally gave in (but had an attitude about it) and allowed us to check in. BUT THEN she placed me to the side and helped two other guest and made me wait. This was unacceptable for a five star hotel. Then I had previously arranged for a roll away bed. The front desk staff yelled at me and told me I'm suppose to charge you for a roll away bed..just be lucky I'm not charging you!! This was very inappropriate. Did I mention when we arrived at the hotel, the doormen did not greet us at all. The valet guy had to help us with our luggage, while the bell captain staff talked with a friend of his. I did not mind the two sets of elevators to reach our room with a great view, but it could be a hassel for some. The front desk staff was incredibly inexperienced, rude and not guest friendly. There never seemed to be enough staff at the front desk. I had to wait in line a long time every time I had either a simple question or checked in or out. After all of that, i did speak to the Front Desk Manager, Harold, who did everthing that he should have done. He made every attempt to make our stay more delightful. And, after talking with Harold, I would like to give the Conrad Hilton a second chance. The hotel is excellent with the atmosphere and the quality; the staff needs either better training or more experience. I am returning in a few months and will give them another chance. I feel they have the potential to do better. The city has many other upscale hotels (the Ritz, Tides, Delano and Lowes) that we have experienced in the past. I know that the Conrad will do better.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>2	4	5	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>HsquaredTO
<Content>Much better than billed! I stayed for four days at this hotel while attending a conference and can only conclude that the staff read the previous reviews and changed their attitudes! Everyone was charming (especially a barman at Noir who found us dessert in the bar 10mins after the restaurant closed), and the rooms were lovely and very comfortable. The negatives? the pool and tennis courts are across the driveway and not terribly congenial (especially compared to the Four Seasons) but I was not much looking forwradto going to the conference and was very pleasantly surprised. It is expensive but worth it.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jokemuc
<Content>Stylish Hotel with ice cold staff We stayed at the Conrad Miami for three nights. The welcome a the door was quite cold, no greetings from the bell staff. Instead of opening the doors for us they moved away from it. The check inn took long, only one person was on duty at the front desk and she was busy with answering the phone.Rooms a nice and modern. Bay view means construction site view. The Concierge Francesco is the only 5* star person I found there.Overall a nice, stylish Hotel but most of the staff has to learn to smile and talk like most of their guests do.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great rooms! Stayed one Saturday night in October 2004 - loved this hotel. For the online price, this hotel is well worth it.Magnificent rooms - almost new furniture, great view over the water. Excellent sheets, excellent pillows, a well-stocked minibar red bull, grey goose vodka - if you like that!). Wonderfully appointed bathrooms, nice towels and products and a small but functional bath.I'm not sure why people have had a rough time here - it gets 5 stars from me. When we checked in, the attendant personally walked us to our rooms - a nice touch. We also requested a nice view and she placed us in a larger room away from the elevators.The bar  restaurant are excellent. Definitely wander into the bar noir for a nice cocktail (be prepared to pay high price though). Breakfast was brilliant, the service amazing. Really friendly.The only downside is the extremely freezing hallways (not sure what was going on with the A/C). Would definitely stay here again. Treat yourself and try it out - this hotel is streets ahead of anything art deco on South Beach.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid it I stayed at the hotel from October 18th. thru 22nd. 2004.Dissapointing, not good for the business traveler. Very bad for holding a conference or a major event; A/C failed to work well during sesions.Wierd layout; far from any personal touch.It seems the hotel was not ready to operate when it opened.Very lousy in general terms.Internet use costs US$ 8.50 for a 15 minute connection.Avoid staying there or you will regret it. Believe me !  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Five Diamond Award? Not in a Million Years!!   showReview(2600286, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KurtBoston_MA
<Content>Beautiful rooms, very poor service   showReview(2570650, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terribly Rude   showReview(2517035, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent !!   showReview(2506593, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>More Hassle than it's Worth!!   showReview(2432461, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishFan
<Content>Fantastic!   showReview(2429778, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Short Stay   showReview(2381500, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Falls Short of Peers   showReview(2333194, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frenchcouple
<Content>Very good value - Top quality rooms, location    showReview(2322223, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Conrad...okay, but not as good as expected   showReview(2313076, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bomba73
<Content>che pena questi hotel Hilton!   showReview(23271134, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	3	3	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>vitorino
<Content>Fant谩stico servicio, fant谩stico hotel               
<Date>Feb 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

