<Author>kwlew
<Content>My favorite hotel in the world! I have stayed at the Triton approximately 20 times in the past five years while in the city on business, and each time, I hate leaving the property. The entire staff, from the valet to the manager is cordial, knowledgeable, and accommodating. Its proximity to Union Square and Chinatown are a definite plus. I love the ever changing decor, the rooms are vibrant, cozy and comfortable. If you're lucky enough to get into one of the celebrity-themed suites, you're in for a real treat. The decision to stay here for any length of time is a no-brainer.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YorkTravelGirl
<Content>Great value, great location, tiny room My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Triton for three nights as part of our trip down the coast of California. We chose this hotel because of its affordability and great location, and we were not disappointed.Our check-in was fast and easy, and the helpful staff gave us maps and directions to some fabulous locations in San Francisco. The lobby was small but cute, and we enjoyed their afternoon wine and cookies. There was also a tarot card reader available but we did not use her services.Our room was tiny, but we expected that for the price and location. The tv was nice, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was small but adequate. Everything was clean and comfortable. We didn't spend much time in our room because there is so much to do in San Francisco, but the time we did spend there was fine.We also loved that there was a Starbucks across the street and the gate to Chinatown at the hotel's doorstep. The location of this hotel absolutely can't be beat. We were able to walk to everything we wanted to see, from the piers to Chinatown, to Ghiradelli Square. I would definitely recommend this hotel, as long as you don't plan on spending a lot of time in the room.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>NiamhOConnor
<Content>one of the best hotels in the world I often stay at the Triton hotel in San Francisco when I am on business trips.The location couldn't be better: at Chinatown doorstep, there are many nice restaurants close to it and very good shops.The staff are extremely nice and helpful and the rooms are comfy and funky! Love the decoration.I wish all hotels could be like the Triton.Really looking forward to going back there.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sbond
<Content>Fantastic Location       View from hotel room  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>supersuper
<Content>Fab fun hotel - with free cookies! We got this hotel at the bargainous rate of $50 per night via Priceline and had a lovely stay. It was a really cool, fun hotel. The free cookies in the afternoon and free wine in the evenings were a big plus. We decided to extend our stay and stayed at a few other business hotels afterwards, as the Triton was full. They seemed a bit bland after this one!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ShaBar1
<Content>I loved it so much that I'm going again! I loved staying at the Triton. I requested a quiet room away from the elevator and I got it. The staff were really helpful. The room was very clean. The bed was very comfortable. I loved it so much that I have already sent friends there and I am going to be staying there again on my next trip (next week).The location is great. It felt safe coming 'home' at night. It's walkable distance from lots of really great shops and public transport.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Muriel12
<Content>Enjoyed Our Stay This was my third stay at the Hotel Triton in the last 6 or so years. As such, this review won鈥檛 be as detailed. In sum, the Triton is a perfect location for exploring the city. It鈥檚 adjacent to Chinatown, a few short blocks to the square and shopping, and close to all sources of transportation to easily get elsewhere in the city. Rooms are small but comfortable and more than adequate. Beds are fantastic! If noise is an issue, then request an inside room. The view is bland (faces an interior 鈥渃ourtyard鈥? but you鈥檒l never hear a sound from the outside. All in all, staff were very friendly and helpful鈥攚hich has always been the norm for this and other Kimpton properties. I had one interaction, however, that was mind-blowingly rude. I had gone downstairs for the evening wine hour. Staff typically pour the beverages (and, in fact, make a point of doing so to prevent customer abuse of the goodies), so I approached the bar and waited for a staff member. She was chatting with friends nearby and looked at me no fewer than three times and looked away each time. Another staff member had been outside assisting another customer and ran to the bar the moment he saw me. He apologized for her not being at her post. I could care less if she was not at her post when I approached, but her rudeness in blatantly ignoring me was over the top. This behavior was well below the usual standards of Kimpton staff.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marstar
<Content>Nice, but small Nice boutique-type hotel across the street from Chinatown entry. Hotel was tastefully decorated . The room was small but adequate for our trip. The parking was $38.00/day! Hotel allows pets. For $80, I preferred staying at the Nob HIll Motor Inn which was more central and had FREE parking!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>ChicoRoo
<Content>Best night in SFO Sick of boring hotels and motels, we stayed in a large fancy hotel on Union Square the last time we visited San Francisco and although we enjoyed the ambience, we always wanted to give the unique boutique Hotel Triton a try. This time we did, via Expedia, and it was the best decision!My teenage daughter and I stayed in a small double room on the 7th floor with a view of the street below. We loved the bright, fun, but tasteful decor, zany bed heads and furniture, light fixtures, and exhilarating bathroom with good powerful shower. Everything was spotlessly clean, and the two double beds with their luxurious pillows were the most comfortable hotel beds we've experienced in a hotel. The bathrobes were also a nice touch and although we didn't buy one, we were sorely tempted!We liked being able to open the window to fresh outside air as well as having access to an air conditioner, and appreciated the obviously environmentally-friendly policies (recycling, green products, re-using towels if willing, etc.) the hotel follows. They even welcome pets! As we drove through the night and then spent the entire day walking our feet off in the city prior to checking in, the Triton provided just the comfort and fun atmosphere we craved. True bliss!Crazy-bright decor and furniture in the lobby with complimentary wine in the late afternoon and good coffee in the morning, a bustling cafe next door and a Starbucks across the street, the entrance to Chinatown a few steps away, and helpful staff on reception at all hours made our stay most memorable.The hotel also has a good location, within walking distance to many highlights, and close to public transportation. Usually we object to the high cost of valet parking in the city and choose to leave our car in the Union Square underground parking garage and walk to our hotel, but this time we made the right decision, leaving our car with the Hotel Triton valet staff. For only a couple of dollars more (plus tip which they deserved!), our car was whisked away, in an out privileges were available (not available at Union Square at the less expensive 24-hour rate), and they even let us park outside the hotel on the street for a little longer so we could walk to the Museum of Modern Art area where it's really hard to find parking. We really appreciated their concern and assistance.My daughter also loved the Triton rubber ducks floating in the fountain at the entrance. Nice touch! We enjoyed sipping coffee in the lobby in the morning, watching people discovering the ducks with amusement as they walked by. Good photo opportunities!We highly recommend the Hotel Triton, and will stay there again.Tip: The cafe next door has great chocolate croissants, and the main street of Chinatown has endless eating opportunities.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ColoradoBeerfly
<Content>Triton is tops I already liked Kimpton properties for their small, unique boutique approach to hotels. Every time I step into the room of one the major chains I feel like a little of my soul disappears. Hence, I'll take interesting personality over bland uniformity even if the former means the occasional surprise.A surprise we were handed at the Triton recently when our stay was going dandy until our car was trapped by a broken door at the offsite garage the Triton uses for valet. But how the Triton staff did backflips to deal with situation was the real and rare delight. Our vacation didn't miss a beat as they found us cabs (and paid for them), comped meals and the valet charges. I imagine they could charge some of these expenses back to the garage, but even if they had to eat some they, in exchange, got a customer for life.And one willing to write his 1st TripAdvisor review ever. Even without the above incident-turned-delight, our stay at the Triton was terrific. Fun rooms, killer lobby, entertaining staff, nifty SF locale, fair price too. Plus, we love Kimpton's real deal sustainable business practices.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>LARachel
<Content>Fabulous Hotel -Great Location, Staff, Rooms! Hotel Triton in San Francisco is one of the Kimpton hotels --and when you stay at one of the Kimpton hotels, it's never a dull experience. The Hotel Triton is lovely! The rooms are all so unique and decorated with flair and style. The wine hour is awesome. The staff is amazing --they're friendly and so helpful. I love this hotel! I would recommend staying here when you're on vacation or business --the location is within walking distance to the Financial District and to Union Square. It's fabulous!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jen6170
<Content>Awesome Hotel This hotel is absolutely wonderful! I loved the different look of the hotel. Its unique look was a nice change because staring at white walls with cheesy paintings, like every other hotel, can get boring. It's in an excellent location and it's just a few blocks from a major MUNI station. The employees were incredibly helpful and super nice. They offer a complimentary wine and beer hour at 5 pm, which is something you don't see at most hotels. The restaurant next door (Cafe de la Presse) does Triton's room service and it's extremely tasty! I would highly recommend staying at this hotel. I'm definitely going to stay at the Triton whenever I travel to San Francisco.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sheltiegirl46
<Content>Nice but different experience We spent 4 days at the Triton Hotel and enjoyed our stay very much.The hotel has many unusual features compared to other hotels we have stayed with such as the wine hour and the decor.If we had anything to complain about it would have to be the garbage trucks every night at all hours of the night.I am not faulting the hotel as we are sure they have little or no control over this matter.Hotel staff was wonderful.We received help from Tim,Anthony,Melissa and Tommy and they all were very pleasant.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>atrain1983
<Content>Best hotel stay ever!       loving the hospitality  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xanadugirlz
<Content>tack o rama I am writing this from the Hotel. I will come update it if there is need. My husband wanted to try somethong new and quirky for our friends 26th birthday (we usually stay at the mark hopkins) so we chose the Hotel Triton, because we had walked by and knew its in a GREAT location, and its a kimpton and weve stayed at The Hotel Monaco in Seattle many times...So we get two Celebrity Suites I think they are $359 per night each. After viewing the rooms online, we request the King Triton suite and the Hagen Daz suite....So we get to the hotel at 11pm or so and check in, it is me my husband and one memmber of the other party. The guy was really nice and told us all about where to eat and drink nearby, and the lobby is cute and they have rubber duckies ion the fountain. So the three of us and the hotel worker go up to our room (the other room comes later) and we get in the King Triton suite (supposedly the BEST room they have) and it REEKS like smoke....and someone had put plastic wrap all over the smoke detector...so he brings us air freshener and opens the windows (which look out on some weird wooden scary platform and other rooms) anywayz the room is BEYOND tacky (i have stayed at an adult theme motel before....and really it was better) there are mirrors everywhere, and a bright red light in the tub room (also tub is small one person jacuzzi like the size youd have in your bathroom at home). Also as we walk down to meet the other person, we start to nitoce more and more how the whole hotel is so obviously a former crack motel that they tried hard to make pretty...sagging floors, peeling wallpaper and paint....dirt in weird spots...weird staircases...So its like 1145 now and our friend has parked in front of the hotel and is getting out....we all walk back in. No employees in sight, finally my husband searches one out, and they check her in...she has the hagen daz suite....we go into check it out...MUCH BETTER ROOM than the kinf tritin suite.....much newer and much more care put in (still some uneven paint etc) has very cute fully stocked (free) freezer....the bed rattles tho every time you move even a bit....definitely a nicer room though....so she realizes the pillows are all down and she needs foam...we take the elevator of hell (it randomly goes to unrequested floors and stops) down to ask for some.....sorry we gave them all away were told. And thats where we are so far.....more later....  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Texicans
<Content>Fun  I love this place - it was so fun - all the rooms were funky and it is a pet friendly place. We got upgraded to a king size bed and the room had a great view. It was very clean and the staff was absolutely great! They were all so helpful. There is a complimentary evening wine and beer social time - we met some great people and watched the fortune teller do her magic. Right next door is an Irish Pub called Irish Bank - it is great! We met some very flavorful local people and had a wonderful time!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>scot_in_oz
<Content>Mixed experience at the Triton I stayed at the Triton for 4 nights, and there are some really great things about the hotel but also some that make it a bit less than great. First up, if you are staying there, make sure you ask for a quiet room away from the garbage trucks. On my first night I was awakened at 3am by horrendous noise. Garbage collection lasts about 30 minutes, and it was hard to get back to sleep afterwards. When I spoke to the front desk about it, just wondering what the noise had been, they immediately moved me to another room, overlooking Bush St and much quieter (there were no noise problems on any other night I was there). They did concede that the garbage collection noise is a major and ongoing problem in the hotel.The room I was moved to was smaller than the first one, but it was generally fine. It was a 'Zen Den', which is one of the smaller categories of room, and there really is no spare space at all, but that wasn't a huge problem. If you want to do yoga in your room or anything, there's no space! It was so small the bathroom didn't even have a bath tub - something they didn't tell me at check in.Nice touches in the room: an iPod player. Fantastic to be able to hear my own music in the hotel room.Huge flat screen TV - but I didn't ever use it. There had been a picture taken down from the wall, and there were clumps of plaster missing from the wall - but it hadn't been repaired, so it looked pretty crappy!hey also claim to have 'internet access on the TV'. Mine didn't work, and they had no technical support at all - front desk admitted they didn't know how to work it, because 'most guests had their own laptops'. On the whole, staff were very helpful, responding promptly to queries. There's quite a variety of people on the desks, so it's often different people there - makes it a bit anonymous.Overall, the hotel seemed unable to make up its mind whether it was trying for 'rock n roll cool' or 'new age zen hipness'. Loud music pumping outside the front door on the street and in the elevators; bright garish colours, party time with the wine in the lobby at 6pm, versus organic cotton sheets, free tarot readings in the lobby... It was all a bit mixed up in terms of what the Hotel's identity was.But on the whole it's fine: the location is excellent - opposite the Chinatown gate, near Union Square, short walk to all public transport and attractions. And next door is the outstanding Cafe de la Press - I ate dinner there twice, and had breakfast there every day. Really good food, reasonably priced, excellent atmosphere, good for people-watching. Would I stay at the Triton again? Probably not, there are other boutique hotels that I prefer, but many people will find it an exciting and pretty hip place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>af3
<Content>Great stay at the Triton! After reading several of the reviews here, I was a bit concerned that I may not enjoy my stay at the Hotel Triton. There was no need for concern as long as one is prepared to make the right requests. The staff could not have been more pleasant and accommodating. Nick at the front desk made sure I got a quiet room...the most quiet ones face an inner atrium. No view, but perfectly quiet, otherwise you'd face some busy streets or worse yet, an alley with garbage trucks emptying their loads early mornings. As an Kimpton In-Touch loyalty member, I received some bonus amenities- a bottle of vitamin water and a can of some dried cranberries, banana chips, and nut mixture, even a personalized letter from the desk manager welcoming me, a very nice touch!Gemelli, the bellman, was terrific- he retrieved new card keys when mine didn't work, got ice, explained the new flatscreen tv, etc. He always called me by name and was just overall gracious, as were all the staff I encountered.The room was small, but whimsically decorated. The queen bed was extremely comfortable, bathroom included only a shower which was fine by me. Wine hour from 5-6 was great, nice to chat with other guests, repours generously given by the director of sales for the hotel. Yes, this is a different type of hotel, not the staid business kind, but lots of fun and well-kept.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>jt2s147
<Content>Cool, trendy, great location The Hotel Triton is a very unique hotel with some cool features that suit people who are tired of the monotonous lodging choices. My wife and I spent a weekend there and really enjoyed our stay. When you walk into the lobby you'll think you're in a trendy night club. Lots of different colors and cool/colorful lighting accented with eclectic furniture. The rooms the same style.....modern and trendy. They are a little small but we didn't mind at all since most our time was spent enjoying San Francisco. The things we liked about the hotel:- The overall style. It's definitely a cool place to stay- Complimentary happy hours. The first night we had a drink in the lobby while a DJ played before dinner. You don't get that at other hotels.- Service was great. - Location Some cons:- The free wireless internet. Yes, its free but very slow. You have to pay for premium service but I think that is the only service that works.- The rooms are on the small side, but like I said that wasn't a big deal for us.Overall, if you're up for something trendy, modern, and exciting the Hotel Triton is right up your alley.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Genevax
<Content>San Francisco Boutique Hotel Hotel Triton is somewhere I had been wanting to stay for a while and fortunately, a business trip came up that would cover the cost. Yay!The hotel is on the south edge of China Town on the corner or Bush  Grant. Great location, easy access to taxis and public transport.The lobby is very cool with an eclectic mix of furnishings and color. I was upgraded from I don't know what to a king size bed on the 7th floor on the Bush side of the bldg. My co-worker was in a daybed on the 3rd floor on the Grant side. He said there was quite a bit of street noise and had a hard time sleeping through it. My room seemed to workout pretty nicely. No street noise, but I did turn on the fan for some white noise. The room was pretty modest in size, but very quaintly decorated. I loved it. The bathroom needs some shelving/wall storage next to the sink. The bathroom is small and counter space is minimal, so shelving would have helped. Towels are great - plentiful and fluffy. The TV is pretty small. Someone in another review mentioned a flat screen TV being a good addition and I agree. The honor bar had some good stuff in it, but high prices as typical for something like that.The business center is a desk next to the check-in counter. Very fast and nice computer though - at $5.99 for 15 minutes of internet time. Doooh....In the morning, there is complimentary coffe/tea in the lobby. No food. Early evenings is a happy hour, but I could never make it back in time to make. Bummer.I love San Francisco and if you wanna taste of the funky side, I suggest this hotel. My teenage daughter would love. I would return again....if I could afford it. ;-)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mich_sims
<Content>A fun favorite I love the Hotel Triton! The location is perfect for a weekend getaway in S.F. Immeditaly in front of the gates of Chinatown, it's a short walk downt he street to Union Square. The staff is very friendly and helpful. They make great concierges. I;ve stayed in a few rooms here but loved the Jerry Garcia Suite most. Great Tub!Just around the corner Belden Lane is tucked away. A great spot if you want a little French Quarter dining. One of the few outdoor dinner spots in the city.Triton honors the Kimpton happy hour and the guests have wine and visit in the lobby. They often have chair massages avilable and I've seen tarot readers there during happy hour as well. The hotel is pet friendly  there are water dishes near the door.This is a really fun place to stay!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>gsnichol
<Content>Great hotel in an excellent location       large and unnecessary cupboard  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lombard955
<Content>Shortest stay ever! But liked every minute. My boyfriend and I live in SF, but due to a scheduling snafu over the holidays (too many parents in town at the same time) we found ourselves in need of a hotel for one night. Priceline, and Hotel Triton to the rescue.We checked in at midnight and out at 8 AM, pretty short for a hotel stay, but I can say that we had a very restful night, and even managed to find free street parking!I have stayed in many Kimpton hotels in SF, and agree with the assessments that the interiors here seem a bit tired, but I am also a bit over that particular aesthetic. That said, the location is fabulous if you are visiting from out of town.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klpopp
<Content>Rainy  The weather outside was frightful, but our stay at Hotel Triton was delightful! We were taking a 1 night foray into San Francisco and I checked the hotel's website and the price was reasonable. After they sent me an email if I would like to upgrade for $9, I did it and we ended up with a corner room on the top floor with a view of the entrance to Chinatown! The room was cozy, but clean and comfortable. The employees were helpful and friendly from check in right through advice on which way to bring the car for a fast getaway in a driving rainstrorm!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sd10sarah85
<Content>What an Awesome Way to Ring in the New Year!!! I was on here reading the reviews of this hotel because I just returned this morning from a trip there. The hotel was awesome the rooms are BEAUTIFUL! If you like bland cookie cutter hotels go stay at a motel 6. This was my first time to San Francisco and I think I talked as much about the excitement of the sights of the city as I did about this hotel. The front desk was friendly and helpful at all hours of the night (we stayed for New Year's so we came back pretty late). They helped us find an awesome club to ring in the New Year's and even made the reservations online for us. I stayed there with my boyfriend and 6 of his family members. We all had awesome rooms and felt that the staff and hotel were excellent. I can't wait to go back to San Francisco just to stay in this hotel again! When I get the pictures we have of the hotel developed I'll post those too.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Fast_Eddy33
<Content>Nice hotel, night-time street noise pretty intense Had a 4th floor corner room (Grant  Bush) with nice views, but the night-time street noise was intense. It wasn't the traffic so much, but people shouting; early-morning trash trucks and sidewalk washing. Granted, it's probably average for that part of town.Hotel staff friendly and helpful. If you shop around, you can probably find less expensive parking than the $43 overnight valet service.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>alienmartin
<Content>Hotel Triton Funky (in a good way) The hotel Triton is located literally next door to China Town. The decor is ultra funky and the people at the desk were not only really helpful, but also friendly. The downside: the rooms are VERY small, and our particular room had a view of an inner courtyard that we could never figure out how to get to. Other rooms had an outside view to the street and Chinatown. The coffee in the morning is good but there is no breakfast or even a snack to go with said coffee. Cookies are served at weird times (we never saw them). At night, the place comes alive during happy hour where wine and champagne are served, compliments of the hotel. A tarot reader or an Astrologer are there and one can sit by the fireplace and watch San Francisco go by. We stayed for four nights and enjoyed it very much. We ran into two well known actors there during our stay (staying separately) and it is dog friendly. If it is good enough for Sean Penn and good enough to bring your canine friends, I have nothing bad to say about this place. Oh, and the products in the bathroom are AVEDA! It is also walking distance to the Bay Bridge and across the street from Starbucks and around the corner from a really cool Irish Pub.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>wiggles_her_nose
<Content>A sweet suite! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Triton on our wedding night; we were married in San Francisco and wanted to stay over in the city before embarking on our honeymoon (we're locals). We'd heard great things about the Triton from friends, and everything we heard was met or surpassed. The Triton was friendly, accommodating, quiet, and wholly unique. The room we had was beautifully furnished in hip, offbeat decor, and we didn't hear any noise from the street below when we went to bed. Furthermore the staff were very friendly when we checked in and checked out, and they left us a sweet letter in our suite congratulating us on our marriage and offered us free drinks. They also carry Aveda bath products, which is a definite plus! That said, this hotel is definitely for the 20-30 something set, I think. It has a younger vibe; they have a DJ playing house music downstairs during their complimentary wine hour in the afternoons. This is not to say that those of other generations will not appreciate the Triton; it is uniquely San Francisco in a lot of ways.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>leahbeth40
<Content>Loved it! I read plenty of reviews of this hotel before booking it. Many of the reviews complained about the room size and the noise. I decided to ask for a room away from the elevator, alley, and on a higher floor. My stay was wonderful! The room was very nice and clean, and it was not like a sardine can as others have suggested. The size was just fine for my husband and me, and we enjoyed it. I noticed someone said the bathrooms have showers only, but ours was just a regular room and we had a bath/shower combo. Bathroom was stocked with Aveda products (small, travel sizes of course), and the mini bar had lots to choose from. True, there is no bar or restaurant in the hotel, but right next door is a little cafe where you can get wine, pastries, and other food. Plus there are tons of other places nearby. It is located in Union Square right across from the China Town gate--perfect location! Overall the decor and hotel condition is a little old-seeming, but it was not bad. We stayed just 2 nights, and I have no complaints. I did not need ear plugs, but it's a good idea to bring them just in case when staying in a city if you're a light sleeper. The one bad thing is that there was a sign on the inside of our door that mentioned the dangers of lead (can't remember for sure but I believe it was lead) in the building. I think it said something about not having prolonged exposure to it. I wasn't too happy about that, but since we were only there 2 nights I figured it would be o.k.Overall, a great experience.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonWanderer99
<Content>Boutique past its best The Hotel Triton in Grant Avenue downtown San Francisco promises to be a fantastic boutique hotel experience to counter the usual Holiday Inn or Marriott experience. Location-wise it could not be better, located just a block or so from Union Square, though I suspect the nouveau boutique reviews were written a while back. The $ rate was good for the location, though (read on) I guess you get what you pay for.... The unique hotel decor is entertaining but a little tired. It has little in the way of facilities: there's no bar or restaurant, though there are loads in the neighbourhood. I was overcharged for the minibar and the movies and had to have it corrected. My room was small and poorly lit. The free WiFi signal was so bad in the room I had to take my laptop to reception to work - there's no hard-wired broadband in the rooms. My view was hugely unattractive and of the side-street garbage bins and local restaurant staff puffing their cigarettes, but I was out all day and most evenings so not the end of the world. 1st night I was woken at 3.10 am by the hotel alarm clock, which to be honest I hadn't checked but was incorrectly set by 6 hours. 2nd night I was woken by next door's restaurants emptying hundreds of glass bottles into the bins one-by-one between 2.00 and 3.00 am. Every night I was woken between 5.00 and 6.00 am by the garbage collection trucks. Lousy experience - I'll never stay there again and don't recommend it, as there are so many better San Francisco hotels these days.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	1	3	2	2	1	

<Author>buickgirl
<Content>can't wait to come back!!! I stayed at the Triton with 3 other girls for a dental convention from September 26-30. Our hotel was booked through the ADA but I picked it out because I thought it looked like fun. From the second we got there to the second we left we were treated like old friends. Remember the old saying, treat others the way you would like to be treated. If you walk into any hotel with an attitude or a chip on your shoulder you're probably going to get the same in return... and ya know what? Ya probably deserve it. Anything we needed they were right on it. They made dinner reservations for us on a few occasions and if we needed anything else they took care of it immediately. I didn't seem to need anything though. There wasn't a thing wrong with the room, the beds were comfortable, and the room was clean. Anyone that complains about the room size is just being a pain in the rear. you think that's small? Go to Europe! If you want a bigger room go stay at a $400 a night hotel! Who cares! I'm not 500 pounds so I had a fine time getting around with my roommate and I don't plan to be in the room but to sleep anyway so that shouldn't even matter. I loved the fresh cookies and wine offered. All free. I also thought the complimentary massages and tarot card readings were cool. It's dog friendly which is nice for those who need it. But I didn't see one trace of any animals the whole time I was there. It's located in a great area, right across the street from China Town. And for those who complain about the noise, get over it! IT'S A CITY PEOPLE!, there is going to be street noise. I slept like a baby. You think thats bad... go to New York!! If you want 100% absolute quite go stay in a bed and breakfast in the mountains of Montana! Gee, some of these other reviews really errked me! At any rate, this is a great hotel, there is a fantastic pub around the corner called the Irish Bank, ask for Mark, tell him Alicia sent ya. I can't wait to go back and I am definatly staying at the Triton! Oh and just a note for you single girls out there..... there is no place on earth better to meet single STRAIGHT men! :)  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelerseattle
<Content>Never again. We love boutique hotels until we stayed at the Triton. The Triton is not a boutique but rather a budget hotel. The room was small (tiny) and the bathroom had no space for our toiletries. The room needed to be refurbished and because of this appeared unkept. We had a view of an alley. We paid $181 a night with taxes. We heard from a friend who lives in San Francisco that the going rate for a room at the Triton isbetween $80-$90 a night and that would be an appropriate price for this property.The hotel advertised Frete sheets and we had one on the bed. They advertised Aveda products and we got one very small bar of soap for two people. I encouraged another couple to stay at the Triton and they left the next day. They found a rather elegant room a few blocks away for the same price. We stayed because we did not want the hassle of moving for a short Labor Day weekend trip. I wrote the hotel with these observations and to date have received no response. I read the Trip Advisor before booking and since the reviews were so mixed i decided to give it a try. Big Mistake on my part.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>gmx5050
<Content>I enjoyed my stay and the hotel, but some of the staff do have an attitude. I got a really good deal thru priceline ($80 a night) and my request for a quiet room was honored. I was very glad to get a quiet room in this part of SF. This was my first trip to SF and I think this hotel spoke to the uniqueness of the city. I liked the aquatic theme they had going on the lobby. The room worked just fine for me. It looked and smelled clean and I slept well. I can see how some people would find it tacky. I would never decorate my own place with a zebra-striped headboard, but it was fine for a few days in my room. I can also see how more than 1 person in my room could become uncomfortable. I liked the eco-friendly touches in the bathroom (i.e. instead of bottles of shampoo and conditioner, they had a wall-mounted dispenser). I liked the Aveda products they had on the counter too. My favorite part of the hotel was probably the elevator lighting (pink and blue instead of flourescent) which, IMO, made being in the elevator fun and more relaxing.I didn't use valet because I just garaged my car most of the time I was there. I wanted to use public transport and experience the trolley. I found it very easy to find parking in lots nearby a block or two away that were cheaper. Had I wanted to go in and out, though I have no idea if this would've still been cheaper. There places to eat close by (i.e. a Starbucks across the street), so food was easy for me to get.The cons were most of the people who worked there. Where the courtesey they pay you to have in hospitality? Where's your SF pride? Such a great city. You have so much to be proud of! Not the friendliest staff or the most helpful. I think I met one nice person behind the counter. They put cookies out in the afternoon and they'd good.I probably wouldn't return to this hotel unless they have a major customer service overhaul and mainly b/c I didn't prefer the union square/chinatown area. I definitely wouldn't pay full price for it. But it was a unique experience for my first visit and convenient to transportation, union square and Chinatown.  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Meyta
<Content>Colorful The Triton is in a great location right next to the gates of Chinatown. The good-Pet Friendly-Organic coffee and tea available in the lobby every morning-Aveda Toiletries-Soft bathrobes-Great wine reception-soft  wonderful linensThe bad-Room size-Musty smell in some halls-shower only bathrooms-small elevators-smelly gym  
<Date>Aug 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>xkittyx
<Content>Met Our Expectations We stayed at the Hotel Triton for one night before heading up the coast. I requested a king room, an early check in and a high floor. The staff met all these requests. We were at the hotel at 11 AM and although check in was not until 3 our room was ready. I thought the rooms were fine. We had a king room. I would agree with past posts that said the rooms were small, ours was small, but it's a city hotel so we expected that. The Triton is an eclectic boutique hotel and the decor is funky. Personally, I liked it. Our room was immaculately clean and the bed was very comfortable. I thought the staff was fine. No problems with them at all. A very pleasant surprise was their work out room. Not very big, but good equipment all in top working order. You can't beat the location. It's right across the street from the Chinatown gate and walking distance to Union Square. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>MicrosoftieSeattle
<Content>Will not stay again Location: Good - walking distance to Union Square  other restaurants.Staff: Mostly friendly and helpful, but got some attitude on questions about our room.General Feel: Did not like this hotel. Really funky and just not our style. Some people call it fun - we called it weird and borderline tacky.Experience: It's a Kimpton property so expected much more than what we got. This was a work related trip w/ spouse and our first night, we were given a double room, right across from the elevator door and it was clear someone had been smoking in the room previously despite their non-smoking policy. The room was also tiny. The remaining nights were were moved to a King room which was still small but a little better for 2 people.The room service option was a French restaurant next door and the menu was very limited in terms of options and types of options. There were some nice perks, free wine/beer in lobby from 5-6pm, coffee in the AM, cookies in the afternoon. But none of those things made the room experience any better and we were there for 4 days.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	-1	2	3	

<Author>315IndianBrook
<Content>Great Hotel -- Pet Friendly -- Fab Location We just returned (24 hours ago) from a one week stay in SF at the Triton. Having stayed previously at the Monaco (another great Kimpton hotel) and having read previous reviews here on Tripadvisor we weren't expecting too much. We were pleasantly surprised: the staff are young, friendly and knowledgeable. Our room, though not of course a suite, was comfortable for us (both in our early sixties) and our little dog. You can't beat the location right at the foot of the Chinatown Gate and five minutes from Union Sq. I suggest that if you take your dog, walk him/her around the corner on Bush Avenue to St. Mary's Park; it is a lovely, safe park. I'm happy to say SF is very pet friendly. BTW don't put your pet's excrement in the trash barrels. Many people, unfortunately, scour the trash cans for food.Our room faced Grant and Bush Avenues and was quiet. Request Room 209! Our bathroom was spotless and modern (the new marble and stainless steel wash basin is separate, an alcove, in the main room). No peeling paint, fading fabrics nor foul carpeting. Very comfy king sized bed, comforter and freshly starched linens. Try the Cafe de la Presse downstairs. And the cookies.We would definitely stay here again in a heartbeat.My suggestion to future guests: be specific as to your needs and preferences. Do you have vertigo? Vacation in Dayton. Don't want excessive noise? Request that you not be placed in a room overlooking the alley. Don't like dogs? (and one guy in the hallway totally freaked when he saw our 5 lb. dog on a leash in the hallway) well, don't stay in a hotel that allows pets. Do you like inexpensive, creative homestyle Japanese/Chinese/Vietnamese food? Chinatown is two minutes away. Also go up the stairs from the Hotel lobby to the mezzanine gallery and check out the art works by emerging young artists. Hell yeah -- I left my heart in San Francisco.Enjoy!  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	4	-1	4	

<Author>Diegodad2
<Content>Small and Lousy I got this hotel on Priceline. Now I understand why they have to sell rooms at such a discount.Despite being a Kimpton (I've stayed at the Palomar and the Monaco before and loved them), this was one of the worst hotels I've ever visited. The rooms are impossibly small, so small that Stuart Little might find the room cramped. Dominating the rooms is an enormous armoire (apparently, the letters L-C-D have not reached the ears of the management). These rooms are not cool-small like a New York hotel, either. They're just small. If one is lucky, one might get a tiny window with 6 feet of clear view to another window. My room had a view of netting used to keep pidgeons away, although there were several pidgeons roosting there. I felt like The Birdman of Alcatraz. This hotel was disappointing in every way one measures a hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	2	1	

<Author>ED204
<Content>Smaller rooms, good service, great location We had a small problem with our reservation but it was resolved quickly and professionally. The rooms are small, but it's an older hotel and the rates are generally very good for the area. The free wi-fi could use an upgrade, but it worked when it needed to. We'll be staying there again. While it's not the Ritz, it's not a bad value for the money.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Michael_D78
<Content>Pretty good The Triton is a smart little boutique hotel located right by Chinatown and a few blocks from Union Square. The design is pretty quirky - outlandish furniture and bright paint abound. The 2 lifts are lit in bright blue and pink respectively and are liable to induce headaches as a result. The lift doors are also very narrow, causing trouble when moving luggage.The rooms are tidy and smart but a little small, even by SF standards. The bathroom is especially small, with the sink in our room outside the bathroom as a result.There are some neat touches at the hotel though. Free cookies baked twice daily are delicious, as is the daily wine reception at 5pm - you can sample a few wines and beers at no extra charge. The room also features iPod speakers which are great if you have an iPod. Overall, I would say the hotel is possibly over priced, but you won't have a bad stay there.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>bealocal
<Content>Mixed Feelings Both my husband and I travel extensively for business and have those weird traveller needs. This stay was business for my husband, but pleasure for me, so this reveiw takes both perspectives into account. We are in our mid-thirties, used to live in SF, and like staying at nice hotels, but not stuffy hotels - so we chose the Triton over the W or the Clift. As previous locals, we would have stayed in another neighborhood if it weren't for the conference (staying downtown can be intense), but since we were here for business for him - it worked out great.Positives:-The Triton hit our criteria of staying where other folks our age stay, not being stuffy, and being within walking location to transit (great bonus for heading out to dinner in other neighborhoods) and the convention at the Moscone Center - perfect.-Our room was between a maid's closet and a stairway, so was very quiet. We were here over a weekend and during the week and I never heard anyone partying or being loud.-FREE Coffee in the morning in the lobby was awesome. When you travel a lot it is a pain to have to shower and run down the street for coffee every morning for a week. It was so nice to bop down to the lobby to get some free organic coffee that tasted pretty good.-Small fridges in the room so you can get yogurt and water, etc. and keep it in the room is a huge plus. Nice to have breakfast for yourself to cut down on the eating out 24/7 (even though it is heavenly SF).-Staff was nice and helpful. One thing though - they forgot our 3:00 am wake-up call and 4:00 am taxi, but it worked out.-Huge bed - I barely knew my husband was there.Negatives:-I took an earlier review into account and asked not to stay along the alleyway (good call), but our room was facing the courtyard and had absolutely no view. I think I would prefer to be along Grant or Bush.-We didn't book for the decor - which online looked obnoxious, and it was, but that's okay. -Our room was small. We looked in some other rooms which seemed a bit bigger, but we decided it being quiet was a trade off for size.-The decor needs to be updated. The room seemed worn. This hotel could really be served well to update itself. I hate it when the bathroom grout is grey/black and all the floorboards are beat up, the wall paper is peeling, etc. Though our housecleaning was great - the room just seemed like it could be cleaner. We stayed in an ECO room and the carpet is the same we have in our house, but it was time to replace it. The little rugs were kind of nasty. If you are walking around SF you really need to take your shoes off in the room, they should have a shoe tray by the door to help emphasize that.Overall, I would stay here again because the positives outweigh the negatives, but I would investigate other places first. We like places that are a little cleaner and a little better updated. If you are used to the Ritz, don't stay here - if you like a funky edge, the smell of cannabis floating through the halls, seeing healthy young American's and European's, and an overall good location for downtown business, then stay here.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	4	

<Author>zuttoman
<Content>Overpriced tiny room I have stayed at several Kimpton properties around Union Sqare. In terms of price and value this is, by far, the most disappointing. The decor was over the top and trying way too hard. I had a particularly small room which was the size of a small college dorm room. And the staff wasn't that friendly. There are better Kimpton properties around Union Square that are truly fun and quirky. Go to one of those instead.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>BARNESLONDON
<Content>If you want to sleep don't stay at the Triton The Triton is awful - shockingly bad. Having read Time Out's review and some on this site we booked for three nights. Arriving in San Francisco with our young kids and full of high hopes, we stayed for just one night and couldn't get out quick enough.OK, it's in a good location, has a quirky reception and groovy carpets, but that doesn't make a good hotel. It's cramped, dated, tired and ill-equipped. The idea you may 鈥溾€ump into Cher or Courtney鈥?here is laughable. Perhaps they did once stay here a long, long time ago but I bet they never came back..Pete Doherty would probably like this place.Here's five things we particularly hated about it. 1. Small rooms - the first room we were shown had two small beds (double double) crammed in, leaving no room to even open a suitcase. All the bathrooms we saw were tiny. 2. Grotty decor - we were then moved to the 'Gerry Garcia suite' for an extra $100, which looked like it was last cleaned 15 years ago. Gerry must have been very stoned when he 'designed' this room, as the only 'design' was a poorly painted nicotine brown chequer board effect on the walls. It looked like a crude stage set. Were the floral curtains and (greasy) headboard borrowed from Gerry's mum's house? Gloomy lighting, chipped paint, knackered furniture, worn carpets - it had it all. We accepted because we couldn't face moving again with young kids after a long journey but it was pretty grim. What constitutes a suite? This was one medium size room with a double and sofa bed.3. The noise from the rubbish trucks at 10pm, 3am and 4am, right outside the hotel was deafening and unbearable. It woke us all up, and just as we got back to sleep another one would crash around, reverse lights beeping, crushing glass bottles just below the window. It turns out that the street next to the hotel houses all the bins for the street's shops and bars, but god knows why they needed to empty them so many times during the night. And why the hotel doesn't invest in triple-glazed windows to keep the sound out is beyond me - I can't believe anyone would experience that level of sleep deprivation and stay a second night, let alone come back or recommend to a friend. They knew full well about this but still proceeded to put us in this 鈥榮uite鈥?quite happily. 4. The staff - nice and well-meaning but not great on service. We asked for a babysitter, and the guy at the desk spent an hour looking before giving up. Only he didn't bother telling us that he hadn't found one, and when I went back to ask him if he'd found one he said he'd been looking on Google but couldn't find one! At this point it was too late in the evening and we had to take our tired kids out to dinner with us. Maybe they're not used to children, but they're part of the Kimpton Group, so all he had to do was call a sister hotel for their recommendation.Also, our DVD player didn't work and the guy they sent up couldn't fix it and really didn鈥檛 know what he was doing. And the wireless log-in didn't work, so I had to call the support line. At this point I was getting pretty cheesed off with the place. When we complained about the noise the following morning the manager nodded knowingly 鈥淎h, yes, the garbage trucks..beyond our control I鈥檓 afraid鈥?5. There's no bar, and no restaurant. Yes, there's a bistro next door, but it's hardly the same as being able to pop downstairs for a drink at the bar. The 'wine-tasting' comprised a few bottles of cheap Banrock Station (Australian!) Chardonnay and a couple of bottles of Zinfadel - hardly the introduction to Californian wines I was expecting!After our night of disrupted sleep we stumbled down to reception to make our complaints, and to their credit they reimbursed us the extra $100 we鈥檇 paid and moved us to the (excellent) Argonaut, a sister hotel and part of the Kimpton Group. This we highly recommend and was great for the kids.The Triton needs some serious investment to bring it up to scratch. If you want a good night's sleep, look elsewhere!  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catwings
<Content>Nice staff, .... but!       2nd pic of the same room  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jspin
<Content>loved the Jerry Garcia suite the place had great ambience and a funky decor. Management was friendly and the location was super-convenient for downtown business meetings.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LLori
<Content>Location, location! We stayed at Hotel Triton for 4 nights recently and booked through Hotwire for a competitive rate. I expected to be treated to a small room and so-so service based on various reviews (guidebooks, websites, etc). My brother stayed here and proclaimed the rooms to be tiny. We received a room on the Eco floor (7th floor) facing away from the main streets. The room was small, but not uncomfortable in my or my husband's opinion. The bathroom had been renovated with a granite countertop and tiled showerstall. I found our room to be exceptionally peaceful and quiet, perhaps because we were on the top floor. My only problem with the Eco floor was that the shower gel/shampoo/(thin  runny) conditioner was in a dispenser on the wall, but not filled with Aveda products (the normal amenities in a Kimpton hotel). The hotel remedied that when I requested for them. The hotel was a good value- great location (next to Chinatown, steps from shops, close to the BART/MUNI/cable cars), nice perks such as morning coffe  tea, newspapers, fresh apples, cookies. They willingly credited my Kimpton rewards even though I booked through Hotwire. The only service flaw I encountered was at check out, with the less-than-friendly sole front desk person was involved with her personal telephone conversation. I'd probably stay here again and request the 7th floor and steer clear of the rooms facing the elevators which blare music.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>Globetrotter1000
<Content>Nice hotel, but read on I've combed San Francisco for hotels in the under -$150/night range, and the Triton is my favorite -- location, cleanliness, friendly and helpful staff, and decor are all above average. In my most recent stay, though, I had a room they call a Zen den, facing out on an alley along the hotel's south side. At around 2:00 am, I was awakened by loud clanging metal and hydraulic whooshing sounds. These continued, on and off, for well over an hour. Eventually I looked out of the window and saw an enormous garbage truck pulling out of the alley. As I passed the alley in the morning, I counted eighteen dumpsters! I considered asking for another room, but figured this was likely only a once or twice per week occurrence. But the same thing happened the next night. I got up at 4:00 am and asked for another room, and was accommodated without fuss, and it was quiet. So keep that in mind. (Also, be aware that the Zen den rooms are quite small, with a double bed along one wall and very little open floor space. The second one they gave me had a stall shower that required crouching to get under the shower stream.)  
<Date>Dec 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Redfox40
<Content>Liked the Jerry Garcia Suite A really felt like I was in SF, staying at an eco-friendly hotel with funky decor and Greatful Dead inspired themes. Staff was super friendly and suggested some great eats nearby.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Robertspider
<Content>It's the Staff People The rooms are well above average, the restrauant excellant, however the Hotel Staff is the best out there.. For a great time, where you don't feel like a stranger, the Triton is AAA+ Close to everthing in San Fran...If you stay you won't be Sorry!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>L1234
<Content>Good Value We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights. The location is great - very central. The hotel is unique and we found it to be good value. I was a bit surprised at how small our room and bathroom were, but it wasn't a problem since we were hardly there. The front desk people were very helpful. We would probably stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>hbla
<Content>bad experience We have stayed at this hotel before and had a mostly good experience, however, on a recent trip our vehicle was damaged by the hotel and/or their valet service. The manager and the valet admitted the damage and accepted responsibility -- that is until we checked out and left. I guess they were just telling us what we wanted to hear. Once we returned home, we received a hostile letter from the valet company refusing to accept responsibility. We tried calling the hotel management to remind them that they had accepted responsibility but they never once returned a phone call or email. It's bad enough that they damaged our car, but it took them forever to bring the car around in the morning causing us to be late for an important meeting with an investor. Why the hotel management would behave this way and mistreat its customers is a mystery to us. Buyer beware!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	2	1	2	

<Author>Reseflickan
<Content>Cool and different I stayed here two nights on a business trip after recommendation from a colleague who is a regular at Triton. I thought it was a really cool hotel with different and colourful touches, such as the red light disco elevator. The room was small but homey and comfortable. There was a small stereo with CD music. Good bathroom.There was a fortune telling lady in the reception area one of the evenings, a bit odd. She had her own table there for clients. The location is excellent. Very central, right outside of China Town. Will probably stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sterlingbaby
<Content>Hotel Triton gets an A+ We booked this room from a reccomendation from a friend that lives and is a tour guide in San Francisco. We loved this hotel! Since I travel for my job and stay in the major hotel chains (Hyatt, Westin, Hilton, etc.) The Triton was a breath of fresh air! In one word - Unique!The Hotel is old but that's what gives it the charm. Our room was very small but the ambiance was incredible. Very clean! The decorating was WAY cool. FREE wireless internet worked perfect for us. The bed was so comfortable after a day and night on the town. Good sheets and a down comfortor. Bathroom was small but the shower excellent with soft towels! The room had a flat screen tv and also a radio that I could plug my iPod into. Refrigerator with mini bar.The front desk staff was most helpful. Gave two wonderful suggestions for fantastic restaurants. Also printed maps for us. They serve wine every evening from 5-6 pm and coffee and tea every morning. Even the elevator is an experience! It is in an excellent location; right at the gates to China Town. Walking distance to Union Square, North Beach, and The Ferry Building. I will stay at The Triton when I return to San Francisco!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>WRT
<Content>Nice Hotel, Good Location       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>spanish_af
<Content>very convenient, comfortable We liked it a lot. It was cozy and in a great location (across from the Chinatown gate). It was a bit expensive. ($200 after taxes). So I might try to find another hotel if I had more time to plan. (I booked about 6-8 weeks ahead). The music in the lobby is a bit annoying. But other than that it was nice. No pool or anything, but we don't care about those things. Only a few blocks from the BART.  
<Date>May 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>choward1
<Content>Good location, nice rooms - a bit small I stayed at the Triton for a week and overall enjoyed the experience. On arrival we were given a double room rather than a twin but we were switched without any complications or trouble the next morning. The rooms are very small but are clean and quirky as with the hotel in general - Prince William speaks on the early call alarm!!The staff was generally very helpful but there was one or two that are rude and totally unhelpful. The free internet access in the lobby is handy. The fortune teller each evening is a waste of money.The location is very good, within minutes of Union Square (which is very quiet at night), the hotel is at the gate of Chinatown and unlike alot of hotels is not on a steep hill (a major bonus).The restaurant was closed (for renovation I think) so I can't comment on it.I would recommend the hotel as long as you don't have a lot of luggage.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>linda528
<Content>Perfect Location...Fun Hotel Just returned from a two-night stay at the Triton, and I have to say my experience was in contrast to that of some of the other reviewers who felt there was a lack of restaurants in the neighborhood or that the staff wasn't helpful enough. We received excellent recommendations for dining in the neighborhood (Taylor St., Ryoko and Le Colonial) both nights of our stay from helpful concierge, Nick. Add to that a perfect location -- practically in Chinatown, right next to Union Square, and convenient to the waterfront--and a fun decor. It's true that some facilities could use better upkeep (e.g., plumbing), but for the price, I would go back to Triton again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>drmotx
<Content>A nice surprise... Traveling in San Francisco for a conference and all the big named hotels were sold out when I came acrosss this wonderfully decorative place as an alternative. The location was great...being right across from the gates of China town and the staff were friendly. I was really pleased to see that the hotel was also environmentally friendly. The decor made you feel like you were living it up in San Francisco with a bit of chic sophistication. The rooms were small but I thought the were adequete if you are rooming with someone you know fairly well. The daily fresh baked cookies in the lobby were also an added plus. I was quite surprised at how much I enjoyed this whimsical little place.  
<Date>May 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, reasonable accomodation My husband and I were very excited about staying at this hotel at the beginning of our honeymoon as it seemed a bit different from the norm. We stayed in a number of different hotels during our trip and this was our least favourite as it was just a little bit tired.The location of this hotel is good, although we found that there are only a couple of decent restaurants in close proximity to the hotel. The lobby was nice but we started to see tired decor on stepping out of the lift on our floor. There had been a leak outside of one of the rooms and the wallpaper was all peeling off, with plaster and paper lying on the carpet. Our room was not very spacious but big enough. It was in need of some upgrading though in order to make it the trendy boutique hotel it is advertised as. The bed however was very comfortable and the bathroom facilities were fine, if a bit cramped.We found the reception staff helpful, but housekeeping don't give you much warning before bursting in so make sure to use your lock or do not disturb if you want to avoid that!!Overall we thought that you could find a better hotel for the money but this one would do fine for a central location for a few nights.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>islandpoet
<Content>former Triton fan disappointed Hotel Triton has been one of my favorite San Francisco hotels 鈥?but I was very disappointed during a recent visit. I first discovered the hotel in the mid-90s, and have appreciated its great location, artsy ambience, and stated views on saving the environment. Unfortunately, the quality of the hotel's guest experience has really declined, seemingly in favor of the bottom line.The building is showing its age and maintenance is below average. My shower pipes squealed loudly and bathroom sink drained extremely slowly. I reported both to the front desk, but neither problem was resolved during my stay.Many amenities now need to be requested from the front desk. I requested three amenities, and received just one, even after two requests. More troubling was the surprisingly low quality of service from the concierge and desk staff, who seem young and inexperienced. While a couple of the staff were courteous and interested in helping, a couple more seemed to lack aptitude in guest relations and etiquette. One concierge provided some major mis-information which wasted valuable time on my last day in the city. At check out, there was a problem with the room service portion of my bill, which we were unable to resolve. I emailed the hotel and to date (a week later) have not heard back. A disappointing ending to a disappointing stay.I hope that with more comments like these the Triton will take a good, hard look at its management, staff, training, maintenance, etc., and become a better hotel. Until then, I鈥檒l explore other accommodations the next time I鈥檓 in SF.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>optigan
<Content>Well located Kimpton outlet Just beside the Chinatown Gate, the Triton is close to Union Square and Market Street, very well placed for transit and shopping, and a good starting point for walks to the Ferry Terminal and SFMoMA. Not much in the way of good and inexpensive food in the neighborhood, so it was good to clear out early to get to more residential neighborhoods. The hotel was clean, with a pleasant staff, and the room was well-appointed, though in the rather silly contemporary style favored by Kimpton hotels. Noise in our court-facing room was minimal, despite construction going on all over the neighborhood.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay at this place if you paid me I was looking forward to staying at this arty SF hotel for sometime. I had the chance to spend one night here in October 2005. My room was small and looked into a very dreary lightwell. The TV cabinet was so large, it dominated the room. The decor was OK.All would have been forgiven if not for the hallway brawl that awoke me at 5:15 am. After calling the front desk twice, and listening clearly to a brutal fight in the hall and the room across from me I finally decided to call 911. I was afraid to go into the hall, but from the sound of it, I think another guest finally did go into the hall to help. When I finally did venture into the hall there was broken glass and other debris. I thought I would receive at least a simple apology from someone at the desk. All I received was my bill. Even the hallway wasn't promptly cleaned up.I've never had to call 911 at any hotel. Even understanding if an unusual incident would happen, no one said anything, and yet 2 SF patrol cars were needed for this incident. I'm glad this venue is available to tell others about this experience.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>fgaliber
<Content>Solid Boutique Hotel The lobby and guest room were nicely decorated, the bathroom was clean, and the bed was very comfortable. But the guest room was very small (standard queen), the work desk was very awkward, and very few of the power outlets worked. I only stayed one night in the Triton, but for the price, I was very satisfied with my stay.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Friendly Hotel in a great Location We stayed at the Hotel Triton for 4 nights in September. If we ever visited again we would definately stay at the same place.From when we first arrived the hotel staff were exceptionally friendly. Complimentary wine is served from 5-6pm. Unfortunately we arrived just after 6, however the staff at the front desk insisted that they get me a glass of wine after our long journey. A perfect start to the holiday!Yes, the rooms and bathrooms are on the small side, but the hotel makes up for this by just being 'different'. The lifts, decor, lobby etc are all interesting and whether it is to your taste or not, it does make a change to the regular hotel look!The hotel is in a great location, just a couple of minutes walk to Union Sq. Contrary to what other people have said we found the hotel to be quiet.Other good points; free internet access, a nice warming fire in the lobby, afternoon cookies at 3pm, coffee served in the lobby in the morning and good value for money!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>uxj
<Content>Cafe being renovated Contrary to other comments below, I liked the hotel. Yes the rooms are small, but who wants to stay in the room in a city like S.F.? They were clean (no smells), practical and had everything you need + style! Service was very friendly and helpful, so the only drawback end of August was that their Cafe was not available during renovation. Ask if it's open again if you like to have breakfast in the hotel. It's worth booking well in advance, because rates did go up when I checked them later. Booking through their website is convenient - and does allow later changes or cancellations, if your plans change.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>shazqazi
<Content>Hotel Triton! Excellent Location, Great Staff I stayed at the Hotel Trition from September 1st to September 5th and really enjoyed it. The hotel is in a excellent location and walking distance to almost any of the attractions that a tourist may want to see (chinatown, union square, fisherman's wharf etc.) It is also a short walk to the cable car stop located only two blocks from the hotel.My family got a taxi couple of times. The hotel staff was courteous enough to hail a taxi for us. Also, the cafe was closed during our stay but we had easy access to some very nice breakfast places. POSH BAGELS and FRANCISCAN CROSSIANTS were right around the corner and so is Starbucks. There is also Walgreens and 7-eleven right near the hotel. So, it worked perfectly for us.I booked this hotel on priceline for $80 a night. I got two Zenden rooms which only has a single bed. Upon a few conversations with the staff, I was upgraded to a room with two double beds and one with a king bed without any problems. The rooms had a view of chinatown and did not have any noise issues. Upon reading previous reviews of this hotel, I had requested them not to give me a room that faces the alley and my request was met without any hesitation.The hotel staff had already told me that the rooms were about 14 by 11 in size so the size of the rooms was not a surprise to me. I admit that the rooms could be a little more updated. My only complain is that the bathrooms do not have an exhaust. Overall, my stay was very pleasant. The staff was helpful and informative and I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad hotel, great location Great location being close to excellent shopping and a good start point for most tourist destinations but we found The Triton very disappointing. The staff were friendly and competent but the rooms were small, badly decorated (we thought ours had been decorated by a four year old!) and overpriced. On the whole we felt the hotel was quite shabby and did not feel any formal design input had been put into the rooms or corridors but a mish-mash of ebay and garage sale junk thrown together with little care for the overall aesthetics. I will say that the reception area furnishings and decor do work better than the corridors and rooms but hope some day soon they will choose to lose the blue and red lights in the lift interiors (!)Cafe de la Presse was closed (as has been since at least my last trip in April) which was a real blow as I've eaten there many times and really enjoyed it. Shame there was a charge for the Tarot readings during the wine event and that the wine I endured was of such poor quality. The whole idea could have been a fun talking point and good opportunity to socialise.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>californiainuk
<Content>Am I missing something??? Booked this through hotwire at $125 a night. The staff were very friendly, though inexperienced (our first room had other guests luggage in it, the second room we opened to guests being in the room, the third room was fine). This hotel was very dated and shabby, and the room was uncomfortably tiny. Also, the Cafe De Presse was being renovated RIGHT BELOW US so all day from 8 in the morning until 6 at night all we heard was banging and loud construction noise (even on the weekend!). PArking was a rip off at $37 plus tax, and it took nearly 20 minutes for the valet to get our car once we were ready to check out. Would not stay here again at all!!!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too tiny, too funky Wierd funky hotel. Tiny rooms, flashy furniture. Its trying to be funky in a cool way, but definitely not my style. Definitely not a place for business travelers. Location isn't bad - bang in front of China Town gate. If you like blue and red velvet furniture in a cramped up room, then go for it!  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TigerChai
<Content>Great concept, decor but noisy, weird ick smell I loved the location and feel of this hotel but the rooms are definitely NOT soundproof, as advertised. All night long big trucks seemed to be noisily lumbering by and it sounded like trash was endlessly being picked up. But this tends to make you get up early and take advantage of the neighborhood. Check out Grace Cathedral and the indoor and outdoor labyrinths. And you can lay out your day geographicallly from there too. Chinatown and all the neighborhoods are also interesting in the early hours.But I digress. I think the real turnoff for me was the odd odor on my floor (4th) and in my room. I had a Zen Den and although it was small, it was perfect for one person and very interesting. But that smell...as I lay awakened in the middle of the night by the all the truck noise I had thoughts of Legionnaire's disease and spores insidiously creeping through my system. It was disconcerting, to say the least.I'll be up in SF on business all fall/winter and may give the Triton another shot. But I'll try other Kimpton's first. My only other experience has been with the Hotel George in DC--just wonderful.If you so end up here, check out Akiko's, right around the corner, for incredible Japanese food. Beautiful presentation and very eclectic /artistic space.SF is incredible...enjoy!  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This place is the real deal. Great Hotel. Great Location. If you are looking for a place a cut above your basic hotel in San Francisco, but still reasonably priced, this is it. It's located in the heart of Union Square, next to the Chinatown gate, and is within walking distance of almost everything in SF. It's in a very good and safe neighborhood. The rooms are small, but they are surprisingly quiet and well appointed. If you are going to spend a lot of time in your room and want a lot of space, look elsewhere, otherwise this is a gem. So what are the extras that make this place so good? First and foremost, the wine hour. Many of the hotel guests gather in the lobby for the wine tasting hour between 5 and 6pm and it's surprisingly fun, low key and social. There is also a chair masseuse and a tarot card reader hanging out. For whatever reason, I really looked forward to this every day we were there. The second thing that sets this place apart is the staff. Almost everyone we dealt with was very friendly, knowledgeable and really seemed to care about helping us. The third thing was the value. Wireless internet is included free in every room and we were able to book a package that included valet parking for a very reasonable rate. Bottom Line-This boutique hotel is the real deal!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>oxfordshireboy
<Content>quirky but disappointing I'd heard that the Triton was an amazing experience, not to be missed since my colleagues know I'm fed up with the run-of-the-mill Hilton/Marriott/Sheratons of business travel. But it didn't meet my expectations, certainly not for the rate of $250ish a night. It is cramped and claustrophobic, the room and bathroom fittings aren't great, there was an odd smell in the room, the wireless internet had no coverage in the room, and the decor (whilst immaculate) was very full-on. I'd pay $160 for it, but a bit of hippyish goodwill doesn't make up the remaining $90 a night.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Triton Rocks! My husband and I stayed at the Triton for a week-end in January 2005. We are fifty something and loved the Triton. It was cheap and very comfortable. The beds were great, the shower was great. The rooms were uniquely, coolly and tastefully decorated. The staff was friendly. The location, at the gates to Chinatown, was excellent. Even the elevators were cool. The hotel has recently been renovated and it shows.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAWheels
<Content>Zen Den Hell Due to a convention in town, I was forced to book this hotel for two nights on a business trip. It was a mistake. I booked the so-called zen den, which was a tiny room but liveable with a nice bathroom area and brightly colored walls. The main problem was that the room faced Bush Street, which runs one way to the financial district. For most of the night, you're treated to the noise of speeding cars, loud motorcycles, people chatting as they walk past, garbage trucks, and, at 3 a.m., someone wandering around playing the flute. Needless to say, sleeping was difficult, if not impossible, under these circumstances.The hotel offered to swith me to a room on the other side but noted that the garbage trucks operate over on that side. You could hear them pretty well from my side so it must have been unbearable on that side of the building. In any case, if you're traveling on business and require a quiet hotel, avoid this one. If you don't, you risk having your own zen-like experience trying to get through the work day in a sleep-deprived haze.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2004
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overprized San Francisco is a great city, but this hotel was rather disappointing. The room I was first given was just awful. Tiny, smelly, dark. The second room was slightly better (but also 20 US $) more. Still smelly and incredibly loud - every morning at 4.30 you get to listen to the dumpster car working in the alley and street below. Maybe the insulation was really bad in my room. The people working there were friendly, but by and large astonishingly incompetent and amateurish. The whole place felt very much like a hotel run by college kids for college kids.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>EP
<Content>What a great lil' find! I stayed at the Triton from November 11-14, 2004 with my daughter. Made the reservation with a very personable woman at the actual front desk of the Triton. Personally, I much prefer to make reservations with the actual property which I intend to stay, as opposed to the move by hotels recently to have to make reservations thru a central reservation service which is usually not at the property at all.[How I came across the Triton was because of the lock-out that several of the major hotel chains have imposed on their once-striking workers. After booking a suite at The St. Francis, I found out that it was involved in the lock-out. Given that I will not cross a picket line of workers who have been locked-out of their jobs because I agree with the workers, I had to find an alternate hotel which was not involved in it. Fortunately, thru internet research, I came to hear of the Triton.]Upon checking in, the same woman, Andrea, who had assisted me in booking our reservation, was at the front desk. She was quite helpful in describing the accommodations at the hotel as well as the surrounding area. When we arrived, there were fresh, hot cookies at the front desk. The hot cookies appear twice a day.Also, they host a nightly wine tasting in the lobby, along with Tarot card readings. Fun way to interact with some of the others staying there, if you so desire.We then went up in the funky/modern elevator to 'The Graham Nash Suite,' which was delightfully decorated using Mr. Nash's own personal memorabelia from his career with Crosby, Stills, Nash (and sometimes Young!) as well as being one of their eco-friendly rooms. Wonderful idea! There was a bottle of mint infused water on the desk at no charge. Glad I tried it! Pleasant change from the usual bottled waters!The only downside was that the suites that I am accustommed to staying in have two separate rooms...a bedroom and a living room. This suite was one large (compared to the regular sized rooms which we saw while passing the housekeeping staff when they were in cleaning them) room with a couch and chair, etc, along with the bed all in the same room.The Gates of Chinatown are directly across the street, so we had an incredible...and inexpensive...meal of dim sum that evening. We were so pleased with the quality of the ingredients that we ate at various restaurants there throughout our stay. I've never eaten so well for so little in any city before! We never ordered any room service, so can't comment on that aspect.The central location of the hotel was a plus. Union Square is right there one street over. Our trip to San Francisco was to check out different neighborhoods and apartments for my daughter, who is planning on moving there.When the staff heard that we were looking into where best for my daughter to live, they gave us their personal opinions concerning the city's various neighborhoods, etc. That was most helpful, as we were not familiar with the difference in the neighborhoods there.By the end of our stay, my daughter had found a lovely, albeit small, one-bedroom apartment in a secure building with a fabulous view. The room was just fine, the bed very comfy, the decor definitely one-of-a-kind, good shower pressure (an important point for those of us who frequently stay in hotels!), and the staff was the best!I reccommend the Triton for anyone who tires of the usual same ol' same ol hotels. The only down side was the lack of a view, as our 'suite' was not facing a street, but rather an alleyway. However, since we were gone most of our stay, it didn't matter much this time. Next time I'll know to ask for a 'suite' view.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun and Funky! I used to live in the Bay Area and was thus tasked with finding a hotel for my business group of four. Not too expensive, good safe location, and representing the quirky, free spirit of San Francisco. Tall order indeed.We stayed at the Hotel Triton for one night and it met all of the criteria with flying colors. Starting with the complimentary wine in the evening, tarot card reader, and fabulous staff who recommended an excellent restaurant and ending with flawless wireless internet service, warm cookies, Aveda products, and a nice quiet room with a delightful ambiance and oh so comfortable bed. The box of animal crackers and personalized note waiting for me were also a nice touchOur wakeup call was Prince William singing Little Red Corvette (you had to be there to appreciate).Definitely staying here again!!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LAtravelingMommy
<Content>Not good. As a former San Franciscan, I chose the Hotel Triton for a funky SF experience for me  my husband who had never been to San Fran.  It looks great from the outside and the lobby. It is right at the entrance to Chinatown, and next to Cafe Presse and my favorite card shop, Advantcard. The decor is really fun, in a funky college student kind of way, and there are some nice touches like candybars in the minibar-like offers in a tray in the room. But: The room was terrible. It was one of the inner rooms facing a rather depressing courtyard deck. (I never saw the outside rooms so I don't know if they are any better but San Fran is usually cloudy so the more light the better I say).  The room was very dark and extremely tiny. The window AC unit blocked a lot of the light coming in the small window.  And the room was very small, so small the bed dominates most of the room. Even with the 2 of us standing with a weekender suitcase each, the room felt very, very crowded. The room (not including the bathroom) was literally the size of 2 office cubicles. I'm really not kidding here. There was absolutely no space to open a suitcase. There was a luggage rack but no place to unfold it, unless you blocked the door to the room or the door to the bathroom. The bathroom was also very tiny and a little worn looking also however they did try to dress it up a bit with some luxury anementies.  But the thing that I didn't like the most about the Hotel Triton is, unfortunently, the service. They just didn't care.  Our room had a connecting door to another room on one side and there was not any insulation between the rooms, these are just standard doors. There were a bunch of guys, and gathering from the conversation, from Iowa for a few days having a bachelor party for a guy named Steve marrying someone named Robin. We could every single word of there conversation through the door and across the courtyard since we shared the corner together. Even heard them break a glass and set another one down on a tabletop. Its not like we were even trying to hear it. We put the AC on, the TV on, and were lying in bed. It was very uncomfortable.  All the other stuff, we thought we could live with but this was a bit much. We went down to request getting moved. And the desk person said that she wouldn't move us and that the Hotel Triton rules doesn't allow parties. We told here there was definately a party. After arguing with us about if this party actually exists, she told us she would tell them to clear out.  We didn't want that, after all the guy was getting married, and again, we just asked to be moved. She called the manager, who said that they couldn't move us, wouldn't tell us why, just something about booking rooms in advance. Very puzzling.  Anyway, we decided to live with it and stayed in the room and spent our San Fran trip avoiding going back to the room until late at night. That's fine, plenty to do in San Fran.One last suprise, on checking out, there were 2 phone calls on our bill! Considering that we both carry cellphones and knowing the cost of hotel phone service we honestly NEVER made one phone call from our room didn't even pick up the phone to call the front desk, just walked on down to the lobby. Weird.  The girl at the counter argued with us about the phone charges! My husband and I kept insisting that we didn't call anyone in San Fran (my friends all live in the East Bay). She said well maybe you called a restaurant. But we didn't make any reservations either. Finally my husband says, we didn't make ANY calls, call the number and see, maybe it was the person before us. She, rather angrily calls the number and nobody answered.  Finally they just take it off our bill. But the whole time the women looked very mad like we were trying to scam her.  When the taxi came to pick us up, my husband says I tried to be a good sport about this hotel room but that was the last straw. Why would we want to scam her out of $4.00?  A few other things: The doors used real keys, not electronic cards and don't keep changing the door locks so there is the security issue. The chocolate chip cookie in the lobby were very good. The location in hindsight isn't the great for real tourists, in my opinion. Fisherman's Wharf although garish, is probable the better choice, all the tourist activities seem to begin and end there and because its full od tourist its busier at night time. Our hotel's street was full of homeless people at night.  Anyway, FYI, we are both 33 years old. We heard mixed reviews about the hotel before we went and I can see why.We found it to have a cool glamourized Youth Hotel vibe. Great for college students, I think but NOT great for more mature adults. I would have been ok staying there with a friend for a night but not with my husband. My parents would have hated it, not for the decor but for the cramped quarters and other issues, not worth the price.  I suggest instead, staying at The Argonaut Hotel, which is another boutique hotel, in Fisherman's Wharf. Our friend's stayed there and it looked very nice. It's got a nautical theme, its newly renovated, the rooms are bigger and it seems to be cheerful and cleaner. Hope this helps everyone out there make an informed decision. A hotel can really make or break your trip. Regardless, enjoy your vacation and Have Fun!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kam-Haider
<Content>Nice small hotel A very good hotel at $50 per night (booked via priceline.com). Location is excellent, just 5 minutes walk to Union Square which has Macy's and good shopping area's. Also just by ChinaTown gates and also a cable car ride from Fisherman's Wharf.Staff were very friendly.Rooms a little on the small side, but the bed was very very comfortable, and shower facilities were excellent. Fridge provided.Elevators a little iffy. Also no complementary breakfast provided. Avoid going to the french cafe next door for breakfast as they are very pricey.Massage chairs in the lobby excellent.Overall I'd rate this hotel highly, rooms were clean.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>winewanderer
<Content>A bit worn Although it was funky, it was a bit worn and lacked basic creature comforts. The rooms were not as nice as they looked on the hotel's website. We paid 169.00 per night which was a little much for our very small room. Rooms don't have information regarding guest services or telephone books (in fact, not even the front desk had a telephone book). We didn't know there was any room service until we read it on this site. They also gave us faulty printed instructions to the airport, which was frustrating. However, the hotel is ideally situated at the gates of china town. If you can get a rate closer to $99 and don't mind the small rooms, it would be a great deal.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, hip design, a fun place Enjoyed our stay here in August 2004. Although rooms are postage-stamp sized, they're nicely decorated and furnished with quality bedding, etc. Original art adds to the ambiance. Elevators are stylishly quirky. Facing the fairly busy Grant Ave., our room was suprisingly quiet. We appreciated the complimentary AM coffee  NY Times and PM wine hour in the lobby with views of the passing scene, not to mention the massage chairs. The adjacent Cafe de la Presse is a cosmoploitan French-style newsstand, cafe and restaurant. The Hotel Triton is a great base for SF business or touring.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value! We stayed at this hotel in July; we had a great rate ($99) a night. We really thought it was a great deal for the money--- the bed was very comfortable with nice linens, the Aveeda products were fun as were the hotel decorations. Also, you just can't beat the location!!! Also, the little bar next door was great! However, the lobby was worn and the rooms were small so we would not recommend it for honeymooners or folks seeking a 4 Star experience. It was perfect for us and easy on the budget!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Have a name? Get the room #. Heck, take the key! We stayed here last March. The people were nice, but everyone who was working was from another hotel and didn't even know where to buy cigarettes. The rate was good. The room was clean, but way way too small. They allow dogs without a hitch, which is cool. The biggest downside, though, is that they not only gave people my room number without my permission-- but they gave them a key! I came back to my room to find my two friends who I was supposed to meet up with, sitting on my bed. Now, sure-- it was fine this time, but like-- what if they weren't my friends?  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Trendy and Unique Stayed here last year and had a great time. The location is awesome! Immediate walking distance includes shopping, Chinatown, and several happenin bars and restaurants.The hotel itself is fun and trendy. The decorations give life and character to the hotel. Definitely a change of pace from the usual large chain hotels.The rooms were nice, however a bit small. But that shouldn't really matter since you're spending time in the city, not the room. Oh, and the king size bed *sigh* was very comfortable.The complementary drinks in the afternoon are a nice touch. The serving staff is very friendly and make good conversation.Overall I had a good time and would recommend staying here.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location with its share of quirks We were pleasantly suprised by our stay at the Triton. Yes, the building is old. Yes, the elevators keep you guessing if you will actually make it to your floor. None of that matters if location and cleanliness is important to you. The location of the Triton could not be beat, right at the Chinatown gates, walking distance (a nice long walk) to SBC Park and transportation anywhere else you want to go. Front desk was helpful and attentive. Don't miss the happy hour, the beer and wine are free flowing and its a great chance to meet people that can give you teriffic recommendations on local hot spots. Massaging chairs are fab after a long day of walking. The rooms weren't huge but what rooms are in SF for this price range? Morning teas, coffee and biscotti were a nice touch. The minor complaints: water pressure on the eco floor was horrible. If you have long, thick or curly hair, washing it could be quite a chore. Also, we had bought some fresh cherries at the market and within a day they were swarmed with fruit flies. Hopefully keeping the window closed would solve that last problem!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A blast and a half Can't say enuf about this place. All the complainers who say the staff is stuffy can stuff it. We had a large group that felt right at home, and there wasn't one complaint in the bunch. NOT ONE IN FOUR DAYS. Good music, wine and brew during happy hour downstairs, and the lobby -- fughedaboudit -- it's the best there is, possibly the best there ever was. If you can afford the valet service for your car (a tad bit spendy, but hey, it's S.F.) you won't regret it. We had our baby with us and one staff dude got on the floor and handed her a gratis rubber ducky! How cool is that?We'll be back the next time we hit the city. Thanks, Triton. You rock!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sandyweb33
<Content>What a Fun Hotel! A friend and I stayed at the Triton Hotel on 7/23/04. It is a great place to stay if you want a lively boutique hotel with friendly service. The beds were very comfy. Complimentary wine is served from 5pm to 6pm every evening in the lobby where guests gather to talk, get a massage, or have their Tarot cards read! We met people from all over the world. There was also live music. At 3pm and 8pm the hotel serves warm, delicious cookies! The staff were extremely accommodating giving us a later check-out time and happily answering our questions. This hotel is located within a few minutes of Union Square and right at the Gate to China Town and a short walk to North Beach. We also took one of the SF Library free tours and the Java Walk tour with Elaine Sosa, a lively, energetic and fun tour guide who showed us some cool coffee houses in the area ($20) and educated us with some interesting facts about the city.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Truly a fun experience Spending a long weekend here was fantastic. The location was hard to beat as the actual gate of Chinatown was directly across the street! Easy walking distance to much that SF has to offer. The hotel had a free happy hour every evening with free wine and beer and a chance to mingle with other fun travellers. The rooms are small yet well furnished (where else can you find a vibrator in your honor bar). We can't imagine staying somewhere else when we return!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fun little hotel! This place was great - friendly staff, funky decor, immaculate room.We stayed for 2 nights after 2 nights at the Vintage Court. The Triton was a huge improvement over the VC, and less expensive to boot! (okay, only $4/night less, but still!)We had an interior room with a comfortable queen bed. The only bad thing I will say is that the room was TINY. However, for 2 people it was fine - cozy in fact. The interior rooms don't offer anything in the way of a view, but it was extremely quiet. After 2 nights of looking over Bush St at the VC, we were happy to skip the view and get some rest!The wine/beer hour(s) were great fun - the one we attended had a tarot card reader and a complimentary 5 minute massage (or you could pay for more minutes) which was welcomed after walking up those hills all day. There are also two iJoy chairs in the lobby for an anytime revitalization stop!The location was great - right next to the chinatown gate and a quick walk to the cable car. I highly recommend the Triton, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel stay...okay My husband and I had a great time visiting the city, but the hotel was just okay. The room was smaller than we anticipated and dark, a courtyard room is not the way to go. We had a room that had an adjacent wall to the stairwell and a loud couple from upstairs, we could hear everything. It would be nice to have a refrigerator, but it was filled with overly expensive items if used were charged to your room, basically a ripoff. A coke that costs $2.98 for a can...it is safe to say that we did not utilize the fridge...and we could have used it. I ordered a piece of cheesecake and 1 scoop of ice cream from room service ...the cost was $18.95...ridiculous!! I guess it is better to bring along snacks and not to induldge...the price is just too high!!! The staff was nice and helpful planning a wine country tour and the hotel is centrally located. We had a great trip overall, but if we return in the future, we would not stay with this hotel again.   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of Character We (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed at the Hotel Triton in mid-May, in the Weyland suite. The room was good-sized, and we all liked the fish tank (though it was a bit bright during the night). The staff was friendly, helpful and attentive. They let us do late checkout with no problems. The location was ideal for us; we loved being near Chinatown and the cablecars, and not too close to (boring) Union Square. The morning coffee setup had a good selection, and REAL mugs, and the kids loved the evening cookies. We will definitely stay here agin.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a blast! My boyfriend and I recently stayed at this hotel for four nights and we had a wonderful time. Not only is it perfectly situated across the street from China Town, but the staff was incredibly helpful and friendly. The rooms were amazing (ask for a corner room with a view). I will go back and stay here in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Triton: Great Central Location. We enjoyed our Memorial Day weekend stay at Hotel Triton! Saturday night we were assigned a TINY room.. with a double bed and a broken air conditioner. However, Sunday night were easily moved to a bigger room with a King bed and a working air conditioner. One other downside, even on a Sunday night, from the 5th floor, we could hear garbage trucks dumping glass bottles very early in the morning. However.. the hotel was centrally located for excursions into Chinatown and Union Square!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2004
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yes, that bad! I visit San Francisco at least 10 times a year for business and I always stay at the Hotel Palomar which is under the hotel group, Kimpton. The Kimpton Group usually meets my standards when it came to Hotel Palomar or their restuarants. I decided that I would stay with the Hotel Triton because I saw all the great reviews coming from this site and when I checked their website I was impressed with their theme and their style. I was automatically greeted at the door. It was early morning and my eyes were focused on their breakfast set up (coffee, tea). No one was at the frontdesk. I waited for a couple of minutes so I got some coffee first. Once someone got there they were ready to get me out. Alright, I understand that it's fairly early and we have yet to wake up, but come on! The lady was too quick and I'm sure she wanted me out of there as fast as possible. I go up on one of their two elevators and go to the room. I had a great room with the most comfortable bed. The room was very simple with a splash of pizazz. I was satisfied with the rooms. Thoe housekeepers were very attentive and helpful with additional ammenities I requested. When I called downstairs for a wake-up call they didn't answer till I called the 3rd time. When I checked out a few days later in the morning I had the same young lady help me. She seemed to continue the same attitude as she did when I checked-in. A lot of blank stares and I felt as if I was pushed out. Throughout the day I the staff was perfect. If I decide to stay there again (not likely) I would come in the afternoon. I enjoyed the cookie!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>M1799999
<Content>Great Time Stayed at the Triton on April 21st for 2 nights. We had a regular room with 2 double beds and the Jerry Garcia mini suite with a king bed and a pull out sofa. The regular room was small, but the bright colors made it appealling. The suite accommidated 2 adults and 2 children comfortable. The staff was extremely friendly and the wine and beer hour was fun and relaxing. They had a tarot card reader there ($15) and a chair massage available too. Great time had by all.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel Triton is Fabulous!!! It has a great location, right across from Starbucks and one of the gates to China Town.The staff is helpful and friendly, and the beds are the most comforatable beds in the world. The coffee in the lobby is great. We've also stayed in the Hotel Monaco which is very similar to the Hotel Triton because it's owned by the same company. This was our second stay at the Hotel Triton and we look forward to saying there again.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mdz
<Content>Fabulous!! We stayed here during a conference, and I must say, we loved this little hotel. Location great, cocktail hour fabulous, staff really friendly, with great advice on restaurants and driving directions. Funky decor that is not too off the wall, just really neat. Rooms are small but very clean and comfortable. I have to agree with another reviewer about the street noise early in the mornings, but who wants to sleep in while in San Francisco. Too much to see to waste your time in bed. Overall amazing place to stay. We will stay there again!!  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fun Hotel! We won a trip to San Francisco and our accomodations were for this hotel. Fun place! Decor colors and styles that I wouldn't think of putting together worked in this hotel. Gave it a fun upbeat atmosphere. Two elevators: one with a black light, and the other with a red light. Loved the red light! Very comfortable bed. Be aware European style means small rooms, but comfortable and decorated pretty wild. The staff was very attentive and helpful! They had a happy hour from 5 - 6 with free wine or beer for guests. The hotel is right across the street from the entrance to China Town. Only 3 blocks away from high end merchants for shopping. We caught the cable cars only 3 blocks away to go to Fisherman's Wharf. Very well located for tourists. We were only there overnight, but we highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Triton Rocks! My boyfriend and I stayed at the Triton from January 23-26th and had the best time. We visit San Francisco often and the Triton is by far the best hotel we've ever stayed in.The rooms are on the small side but not at all oppressive or claustrophobic and the decor is really fun. The room we stayed in on the 3rd floor facing the inner courtyard was quiet, very clean and had great amenities.I think the best part about the Triton, however, is the staff. They were so cool, very kind and extremely helpful with directions, recommendations, etc... They also host a wine/beer reception thing in the evenings with a DJ, tarot reader and masseuse that was a really great way to start out the evening.In terms of value, location and service I don't think you can do any better than the Triton!!!  
<Date>Feb 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>catseattle1
<Content>The most charming hotel Hotel Triton has all the ingredients for a great boutique hotel. Rennovated old building with charms of the olden days but all the conveniences of the new. Lots of colors and art work from the inviting lobby to the blue tiled bathrooms, at least in our bathroom... Even the receptionist fit the hotel, funky but helpful. And it will be very difficult to find another place at this rate at this great location. We are definitely returning to Hotel Triton  
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location When we arrived, discovered our internet booking thru an agent didn't appear in their reservation list. They were good enough to upgrade us from a Queen room to a King room at no extra charge to make up for it. Located just at the entrance of Chinatown  close to Union Square made it a very convenient base for moving around the city.Room was funky all right. Found it a bit noisy with the traffic outside  cooing pigeons on top of our aircon unit. The aircon was also rather noisy whenever the thermostat kicked in. The complimentary cookies were a nice touch though. If you don't mind the noise (or you could ask for a quiet room) the location is hard to beat for the price.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Like a Dieter SNL skit First, the hotel is comfortable, the rooms are lovely, and the manager was tremendously friendly. The location is fantastic. The afternoon wine and complimentary massage is a really great touch, and the decor is fabulous.The front desk staff, though, needs to be reminded that they are not the casting directors for an MTV special. Try having a conversation with one. Oh, just try...for a laugh. You'll wonder if you've suddenly regressed into a past life where you only spoke Gaelic because they'll just stare at you like you've spoken gibberish. Example: Me: Hello! I like your glasses...very cool. Them: **silence** No, they will not chit chat. Nor will your friends ever be able to get a hold of you if you stay at this hotel, never, never, never not once. Never. There will be no messages for you even though you know, after finally seeing your friends for the first time in thirteen years, that they each called you an average of seven times and left messages, which makes a total of twenty-one calls simply disregarded by the front desk staff over a period of three days. Thanks.Then, to make matters a bit more cozy: Somewhere around 3 a.m., truck after truck backed up below our window.. *BEEEP BEEEEP BEEEP* and then dumped humongous truckloads of glass, which sounded like explosions, and then slammed slammed slammed the top of the dumpster. This happens nearly every fifteen minutes. Horrifying.However, I actually might consider staying there again, because I can't imagine that all experiences could be like this one. There is a lot to offer at this hotel and the staff can't be consistently this rude. And the manager really was so nice and kind that maybe the entire regular staff was out with a stomach virus and he had to call in a team of emergency replacements from the local Dieter School of Customer Service.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Hotel Triton is the best! This hotel is GREAT, the decor is wonderful, beautiful and funky artwork, this is definatly not a cookie cutter hotel! We stayed in the King Triton Suite and thought it was lovely. Very comfortable, clean rooms with comfy beds. The staff is exceptionally friendly  the location can not be beat. The Hotel Triton is our favorite spot to stay in San Francisco!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>noisy rooms at the Hotel Triton My hubby and I stayed at the Hotel Triton last weekend. The decor was ultra cool, excellent location and the staff was nice enough. However, our room was very small and noisy. If you stay here be sure to ask for a quiet interior room so you can get some sleep!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Triton - trendy and centrally located   showReview(1228952, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of inner rooms   showReview(1143489, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>boo2three
<Content>Never stay here!   showReview(1136857, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Cute and Funky Triton!   showReview(1136851, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Triton is THE BEST!   showReview(986910, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dp2me
<Content>Nice and Hip   showReview(932083, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sunfuzz
<Content>funky San Francisco!   showReview(907907, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Triton Rocks!   showReview(837484, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very so-s0   showReview(832731, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Feels right in San Francisco   showReview(283546, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2001
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jj1980
<Content>Hotel sympa et original   showReview(23328749, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>gatsbyParis
<Content>hotel super cool   showReview(23178482, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>grandevoyageuse75011
<Content>H么tel tr猫s satisfaisant dans sa cat茅gorie   showReview(22262723, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ruben2xx
<Content>Una estancia notable, buena atenci贸n, y excelente ubicaci贸n...   showReview(20189910, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊嬫€х殑銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19165956, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸銇娿仐銈冦倢銇儧...   showReview(19919051, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

