<Author>dgtravels
<Content>Not so nice Overpriced for what you get. Our room had a backed up bathtub and ants. Shuttle to airport was a plus, but not worth the money we paid for the room.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>1	1	2	3	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>kapohokine
<Content>Just passing through It's an airport hotel. It tells you in the name. And it sits just a few miles from one of the most famous beaches on the planet fronted by some of the priciest resort hotels. When taken in context, this hotel works. It is a ten minute walk (not recommended) from the airport, or a 90 second complimentary shuttle ride. The wait for the shuttle was 45 minutes, but the walk is still not recommended. Although I did consider taking a $1.50 cab after waiting for the first 30 minutes. Ohana has put some money into this property, and it shows. I had to stay there for business four years ago, and the difference in the quality of the rooms was obvious to me. Brightly painted with pleasant and comfortable decor. The room was very clean and the bed was comfortable. The A/C, which dated back to the Eisenhower years on my previous visits, was updated to a brand new and efficiently quiet unit. Amenities were minimal, but everything worked, check in was easy and quick. My mainland flight arrived too late to catch the last interisland, so I stayed the one night and it was a very pleasant experience at a minimal cost. If I were looking for a vacation experience, I would not look here as there is so much choice by the beach, but for a simple inexpensive way to put yourself right outside the airport for a flight, it's really all I could have asked for and I was very pleasantly surprised. My upcoming trip involves a similarly late arrival to HNL, and I have made another overnight reservation here. I went online to book my room and discovered that they even have a pool. Maybe I should have booked that second night?  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>3	5	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>My_kids_momWisconsin
<Content>Best Buffet Breakfast       Breakfast buffet  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>rabitz
<Content>Nice Surprise near the Honolulu Airport We stayed one night at the Ohana in order to get an early flight the next day out of the Honolulu AIrport. We were very pleased by the cleanliness and the comfort of this hotel. The shuttle runs 24 hours a day, every 30 minutes (and/or will come to the airport when you arrive - you call them once you get your baggage). They are a block away from Starbucks, pizza, and Asian. The rooms were clean and pretty and there is internet access in the lounge and in the rooms. Even though the surrounding area in industrial, it's a great value and close to everything, being right on the NImitz Highway, the gateway to Honolulu and Waikiki. You spend enough money in Hawaii - why not stay at the Ohana and save?  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	5	

<Author>Bombalurina
<Content>Not worth the tarrif.. Rude reception I stayed at the Ohana for a night on my way home. I had already been in Honolulu for 6 nights at the start of my trip staying at the Hawaii Prince (I wish I'd stayed there again!). I chose the Ohana for its convinence to the airport. I arrived in Honolulu at 3pm and departed on a flight back to Australia at 8am the next morning. Checkin took forever as there was only one person on the front desk. The room was fine. Basic and clean. The remote for my television didn't work. It took two calls to get someone to come and replace it. The restaurant wasn't open when I got there... and the hotel doesn't offer room service. The hotel is convinient, but don't expect great service.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>matson28
<Content>Would'nt Stay there Again After a long day of traveling all we wanted was a bed and food.The onsite Restaurant is only open certain days of the week and was not open on a Friday night. They did offer us a free shuttle to their sister Hotel down the road. all it was offering for Dinner was a Seafood Buffett. That does not suit everyone as we had a child with allergy to seafood. They did give us a list of a few local take outs. These we did not find in the dark. We ended up ordering Pizza to the room. No utensils to eat or drink with. We purchased a bottle of wine at the onsite shop and disposable cups and then they wanted to charge us $20 for a bottle opener.Room was clean but noise from the freeway and the air conditioner unbearable.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tackos
<Content>Lovely and Charming Needed a place near the airport to stay over night with my connection flight to Lana'i the next moring.Shuttle bus is provided for free every half hour, 24h a day, from the airport to the hotel. About a 7 minute drive. The hotel is lovely, good value for money. I booked only about 5 days before coming and paid $133 for one night. Room seems to have been refurbished recently. Very nice.Wi Fi is available in the lounges and plug in, in the rooms. All free of charge.Breakfast was ok, nothing special but your typical continental.Taxi into down town Honolulu cost $25 so not too expensive either.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hiwayindasun
<Content>overnighter I stayed at Ohana the night before my wedding and felt very comfortable staying there. The price was very much to my likings and I hardly noticed the noice eventhough the hotel is right next to the freeway. I would recommend my friend and family to stay at the Ohana Honolulu Airport Hotel.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Noel-Donna
<Content>Convenient  Arriving at the Honolulu Airport Hotel at 1:00am it was good to be met by friendly, helpful staff. It was also good that all of the paperwork was in order so there were no formalities needed before heading to our room. The staff are obviously used to working these hours and dealing with tired travellers.The hotel has been refurbished over the last couple of years and everything has at least had a coat of paint and a clean-up. A lot of the fittings and fixture in the rooms were new. The air-conditioner worked well withour making too much noise. The beds were comfortable but a little small. The showers were very good with plenty of hot water.The room rate included a complimentary breakfast at the Willoughby鈥檚 Restaurant which was all good. There was a variety of pastries, cereals, toast, hard boiled eggs, coffee and juice. The location of the restaurant is quite surreal; it is quiet, the doors open onto a resort style swimming pool that has a Hawaiian feel but you still know that just outside this little oasis are an airport, a carpark, and a freeway. There鈥檚 no getting past the convenience of this hotel in relation to airport although there is little choice other than their sister property, The Plaza, just down the road. The price is high for a night鈥檚 sleep but at least they aren鈥檛 resting on the fact that there is little choice; they are providing good service in a recently refurbished property.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>BigP
<Content>If You Must As another reviewer recently noted, there is little or no reason to stay at the Ohana Airport Hotel in Honolulu unless one has an early morning flight the following morning. The hotel sits in the middle of an industrial center surrounded by freeways in all directions and constant noise. Nearby restaurants are non-existent and though there are a few fast-food establishments within several blocks, they leave much to be desired. The hotel's rooms are not uncomfortable (but hard to find in what appears to be a rabbit warren/maze of halls) and the front desk staff the evening my wife and I stayed were just one step up from being rude and totally disinterested in our comfort after a long day. On the other hand, the shuttle to and from the hotel is convenient and technically free (though there is a large sign which openly suggests that the drivers want to be tipped for their services). There is a complimentary breakfast beginning at 6:30 AM but it is of little use to most folks with early flights.Considering the expense of the rooms at the Ohana Airport Hotel, one has to really be in need to a very early get-up time to want to stay there even for one night. But if you must ....  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	4	2	3	-1	

<Author>jkim566
<Content>Broken Bathroom, who cares... So, I'm at the airport on standby, after not being able to get on my 4 pm flight back to chicago, patiently waiting to catch a connecting hub to get back home after a long trip. Wanting to have slept on the 9hr flight back home, I was definately tired. There were 4 flights leaving to dever, LA, or San Fransico but as my luck would have it there was also a long line of people on standby that day. being unsuccessful in capturing a flight that evening the only thing on my mind was getting some rest and starting the adventure all over the next day. So I decided to call for hotels nearby. I intended to go to the Waikiki Gateway Hotel but they didn't have a shuttle service...the very next placed I called stated that they would pick me up within 5 minutes and even though their room rate for evening was about $50 more I felt this shuttle service was worth it after very long night. When I got to Ohana Honolulu Airport Hotel, they checked me in politely and told me that I had to walk to the back building to get to my room. When I walked through the back parking lot to walk into the building over, I approached and entered into the elevator...the elevator didn't apparently want to go to the second floor (the button for 2 would not press in)...so I dragged my tired self up the stairs...I finally got to my room and slept. When I woke up the next morning to a room that was at best at the caliber of a super 8 with a premium price tag, I just wanted to shower and go...I go into the bathroom and the grab the coconut soap and begin to turn the lever of the shower and guess what? It didn't work!!! It wouldn't move from left or right (cold or hot) and after a closer examination it looked broken as the part that was supppose to twist from one side to the other was not screwing in and there was no way for it to turn. Upset, I tried to wash up in the sink, which really sucks, as I had to head out to the airport. while checking out, I was waiting for the desk clerk to ask how my stay was but she never did so I stated to her that the bathroom shower was not working that I was not too happy about it. she continued to check me out with a smile and asked me to sign on the dotted line and I once again told her that the shower didn't work and that I was unable to take a shower and I was upset about it as if my loud voice was not heard the first time. After collecting my signature she politely thanked me for reporting the fact that the shower was not working. (the nerve!!) I justed wanted out of there and to be back home...so I stated, Just, point me to the shuttle bus, please. and left, abruptly. I seriously recommend that you sleep at the airport if you're on standby, because at least you will have saved over $150 and not added to the frustration of a long wait home.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>Travel-Enthousiast
<Content>Great hotel if you have an early or late flight       Hotel Room 2  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>MattBLondon_England
<Content>Best place to stay if you have an early flight This is an ideal place if you have a very early flight like we did, although there is absolutely no other reason to stay here - it overlooks the freeways and is quite expensive compared to the Waikiki hotels. But we had to be at the airport for 6am and the hotel has a free shuttle service, which was the main reason for our stay. That was very trouble-free - there were no other people in our shuttle at all and it only took 5 minutes. Much better than getting an earlier taxi from Waikiki.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>rendres
<Content>Met Our Needs We spent one night here between flights. The 24 hour free airport shuttle they run made it perfect. The room was clean and the staff was friendly. We even received a free continental breakfast they did not even advertise. This hotel was perfect for our needs.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>shiina
<Content>Nice rooms but lacks service This was our third year staying at the hotel. Last year we noticed it was nicely remodeled and our rooms were like new. We like to use this hotel because it is near the airport, relatively inexpensive, and just recently they added a complimentary continental breakfast. However, the rates have increased with the addition of the free breakfast.The breakfast included several types of fruit juices, coffees, milk, cereals, hard boiled eggs, and various breads, muffins, bagels and danishes. On the second day I noticed the english muffin had mold on it so I took it out of the basket and put it on the side hoping people would see it and look before they grab another. This year, however, we were shocked at the rudeness of the front desk night manager. We checked in and later left for an excursion and got back around 10:30 pm. My husband called and asked for extra towels and blankets. The clerk said that housekeeping was closed at 10 pm and she would have to contact security to get them. So he told her he would go down to the front desk and get them there so security wouldn't have to go up to our room. When we got to the front desk, we told the clerk what we needed. Moments later, the night manager came out and told us in a very stern and arrogant voice, Sir, NEXT TIME, please make your requests BEFORE 10 PM because our housekeeping staff is gone and now we have to get Security to get the towels. My husband was very cool and nicely told her that he called earlier and that we were told to come to the front desk. He also told her that there were only two sets of towels in the rooms (there are supposed to be three sets at all times). In the meantime, as we were discussing this with her, a busload of people were just getting in to check in, probably from a late arrival flight. There were also many military people in their army fatigues either checking in or checking out. It made me wonder, does she yell at these people too if they checked in late like that and asked for towels? They are an Airport hotel, and get arrivals 24 hours a day. They should expect such requests. Additionally, before we got to the front desk that night, we did see another women walking away from the front desk holding some towel and going back to her room. So we were not the first to make that request that night. I am still upset at the rudeness of that night manager. I don't know why they don't keep a housekeeping staff on duty at night, but even so, the rudeness was uncalled for.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	3	4	1	3	-1	

<Author>TheCooksSaltLakeCity
<Content>Good Hotel for Airport Purposes We needed a hotel for one night by the airport and this hotel did the job. The room was ready early in the morning after we left the cruise ship. It is a large hotel with many rooms similar to a Holiday Inn. It is fairly old but the rooms are in good condition. Their is a shuttle to the airport every half hour and only 5 minute away. It is also near all of the car rental returns on Nintze Highway. The rate was still over $125 but everything in Honolulu is expensive!  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>OceanB333
<Content>Excellent room, spotless and comfortable rooms right next to HNL Int'l Stayed at this hotel after being unable to get on a standby flight back to Vancouver. Located roughly 2 minutes from the airport by shuttle, virtually around the corner, this property seems to have recently been entirely renovated. Clean, quiet, comfortable rooms. Great continental breakfast buffet, much more diverse in food choices than most continental breakfasts, friendly restaurant staff. Free airport shuttle available 24 hours. King bed extremely comfortable, room was spotless (room 411 on the top floor - 4th). New air-conditioner in room, fridge, microwave. Computers available in the lobby (for a fee) and outdoor pool. The only downside to this great basic and clean hotel was the price...at $139USD it was $40.00 more than one of its sister properties, the Ohana Islander located right on Waikiki Beachwalk!Would not hesitate to stay here again, however, as the proximity to the airport can't be beat, the continental breakfast was excellent and included, and the 24 hour shuttle was very efficient. Spotless, comfortable, and relaxing...especially after a long wait in the airport.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>giromondo
<Content>at least it's convenient The ONLY reason to stay here is if you have an extremely early flight out of Honolulu or if you have an overnight connection in Honolulu. The hotel if pretty old and tired, and isn't a bargain (about $150 night, inclusive). It's walkable from the terminal or call the hotel for a shuttle pick up (we took a taxi because we didn't know exactly where it was and the cab driver hated us - he'd waited 45 minutes in line to pick up a $5 fare).On the plus side: breakfast was included (a not very exciting buffet, but did have some fresh tropical fruit), some long distance minutes to US or Canada were included, free local newspaper... overall, this isn't a place that nickels-and-dimes you the extras.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>InsideTrack
<Content>Pleasant Place to Stay Our family of four stayed here twice during our recent trip - once on the way to our final destination and once coming home.Both times were given clean, but small rooms. There's not much to the hotel. But we really didn't expect much as we were just staying here overnight each time to catch our flights elsewhere. The rooms both times were clean. We had breakfast once and the continental breakfast was okay. I would not recommend this hotel if you want to be close to Waikiki. It took us 45 minutes by bus to get to Waikiki but only about 30 minutes to get back. All in all, a good airport hotel but not a place you want to stay at if you are planning to be close to the action.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>Fbks-Traveler
<Content>Better than I expected. I was a little apprehensive about this hotel but once I arrived I was pleasantly surprised. The hotel was recently renovated and it shows from the lobby to the rooms. The hotel rooms are all non-smoking and that was a plus for me. Our room was very clean and had fresh paint, carpet was new and the bathroom was very clean and renovated. There was a microwave and a small fridge hidden away in the furniture. The free continental breakfast was average, nothing spectacular. The only negative draw back was the checking in portion and catching the shuttle at the airport. When I called the hotel to get the shuttle sent over to pick us up, I was on the phone for over 5 minutes waiting for someone to answer the phone. Once I got the hotel I found out why. There was only one person working the front desk and there was a line of 10-12 people in front of us. It took about 20 minutes to get checked in. Also, there is a major freeway next to the hotel so the rooms are a little bit noisy but I expected that and it was no major issue for us. We stayed for one night only because we were catching a flight out to another island the next day but I would recommend this hotel for both price and convenience to the airport. For long-term stays I would go else where because of how far away it is from everything and for the freeway noise.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	2	4	4	

<Author>gen13gen
<Content>Uhh... The only good thing about this place is the maid service, can't say much about the ladies working there in the dining hall--but the staff up front were courteous. There is no security here, we found our car in the lot with gum all over it. There is no real food here, their restaurant has been shut down for lunch/dinner for about 3 years from what the front desk told us and they provide shuttle service to the Best Western down the street so that you can have a decent lunch/dinner. They have a continental breakfast, which consists of fruit, hard boiled eggs, juice, coffee, bread and eggos, no meat--if you're not a guest here that cost ~$10. Laundry here is very expensive--recommend you do it at a laundry mat, our one weeks worth of laundry cost us well over $20. The rooms are nothing extraordinary, especially for the money you have to pay, there is absolutely no view. No dvd players in the room, very limited channels. The mini refrigerator in the room is in poor condition and I have seen roaches running around the dining room of the restaurant as well as in our bathroom. The pool is closed at sunset. During the day you hear forklifts and heavy duty vehicles roaming the streets--it is between the highway/freeway and a large corporation.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	2	3	

<Author>chatan
<Content>Fine for an "airport hotel" The reviews by paraclyte and SkyeTraveler pretty much say all would have said so no need to repeat - but I'll add my specific experience for our one night stay while flying through Oahu.- The airport shuttle was empty at 7am on a Friday so no problems there.- The bathroom looked recently remodeled and was better than average.- The continental breakfast was pretty good as far as continental breakfasts go. (e.g. hard boiled eggs and fresh cut up fruit)- The staff (front desk, van driver, and breakfast) were all pretty friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>SkyeTraveler
<Content>Good for an early flight -- otherwise, stay elsewhere This hotel is about a half mile to the airport, and there is a free shuttle that runs every half hour. They picked us up when we arrived, which saved us having to take a taxi.Having an early flight is the only reason to stay in this hotel; it's functional at best. However, be warned that during the busy season (e.g., Christmas to New Year) the shuttle service gets overwhelmed. My partner had to take a 7:30 a.m. flight, and when he got to the lobby, there were way too many people to fit in the 6:00 a.m. shuttle (there's only one). The staff said the shuttle would come back for the rest of the passengers. But he decided to grab a taxi instead (again, there's usually only one waiting outside) and shared it with a couple of other passengers.I would suggest leaving plenty of time if you take the early morning shuttle, at least during busy times. The problem seems to diminish during the afternoon. I took the 2:00 p.m. shuttle later that day and was the only passenger.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>paraclyte
<Content>Good choice for stay while flying thorugh Honolulu to other islands Excellent for what I was wanting and expected. We flew into Honolulu late and only stayed the one night on our way to the other islands. The area is not scenic!!! But, I was just needing a place to sleep before I flew out in the morning.Be sure and check their website for special rates. The hotel has been remodeled in the last year, and it is fine for an overnight stay as you are entering or leaving Hawaii. The room was comfortable and the staff was very friendly. I have no complaints. The breakfast was included in the special price, and it was very good. There is a free shuttle that runs every half hour between the hotel and the airport.This was the second time I stayed at the Ohana while flying through Honolulu to the other islands. I will do it again. NOTE: for the first time visitor to Hawaii, the traffic in Honolulu is BUSY. If you are staying in Honolulu for one night because you are heading to the other islands, STAY HERE. If you go to Waikiki hotels, you may be part of a huge traffic jam to get back to the airport if it is during rush hour in the morning.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CU4NO
<Content>Dissapointment in paradise Horrible night in paradise. My wife and I stayed there one night. I had reserved a king size bed room. Upon check in we received a queen bed room on the first floor of the main building. The noise of children running up and down the hall and the bed size prompted me to go to the front desk and request another room. They were reluctant as they said there was not much available. This was false as we were given a room in the rear building 4th floor. Upon entering we found the bathroom fan broken in the on position and extremely noisy. A call to the front desk got us changed to another room on the 3rd floor. Same problem. I again called and we got switched to different room on the 3rd floor. This roon was OK except for a blood stain of about 4 X 1 foot in the center of the carpet. We called the front desk for an additional sheet to put over the bed blanket , as the blanket did not look clean, and were told it would be sent right up. 1/2 hour later we called again and were told that it would be coming soon. It arrived shortly thereafter.Service, quality of room and willingness of staff to help was very lacking. The only bright side was that the breakfast wes very good and the staff in the restaurant were nice.I give the restaurant a good rating and the hotel in general, I will never return!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>ILeftHome4This
<Content>Several overnight stays... My husband and I stayed overnight several years back (2004) and we were given a nice room near the front. We were delighted with the room - cleanliness, comfortable, etc.However on my next return (2005?) - my daughter and son-inlaw made the reservations and were given a grungy room in the back area of the hotel. This area was not appealing because the neighborhood looked ghetto. I wasn't pleased. Maybe this area is for kamaaina rates? I don't know, but don't go in the back area. My husband stayed overnight with his buddies in 2005 also, and reported to me that he had a nice room. Well, I am planning an overnighter there again, and hoping that with the renovations done, maybe I will be getting one of those nice rooms in the front. I do agree that the front desk personnel need to show more of the Aloha Spirit and a caring attitude. It sure helps us weary travelers!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>tadaHoodRiver
<Content>nightmare on hell street We thought this might be a good rest stop financially and the pictures and reviews seemed ok. We planned 2 nights and they were the worst-like another guest we had made reservations in the spring and had confirmation # etc..When upon arrival we were treated like crap and the front desk was very condesending.They could not find anything that stated that we had paid only that we held a reservation. After hours of getting everything straightened out we finally made it to our room. It seemed bearable (though I did buy my own blanket in town for fear of what wasn't washed) and then to our lovely surprise at 4am we had a call wanting to know if we wanted our luggage cart-we werent checking out nor had we even wanted one-so much for sleeping in. Then later in the day while a do not disturb sign was on the door a maid walked into our anniversary or should I say our Birthday suits-nice way to be treated. As if it couldn't get any worse later that evening our key cards wouldn't work and we stood in line for an hour,no fault of our own-they were just trying to charge us for the following night (and we weren't even going to stay there),and our card wouldn't work so they needed to flag our room. Once they figured out their error we were able to get to our musty smelling room. Once the morning came we got up and left as quick as possible for fear that something worse could happen. The new renovation-if there was any was not impressive. We would have gone somewhere else in a heart beat had there been something right near the airport. we will never ever stay here again nor do I recommend this hotel to anyone-just stay in Waikiki if you need to be close to the airport that is your only hope of having a somewhat decent night. may I suggest you pay a few dollars more to stay anywhere but here. It was truly a nightmare start to a ten year anniversary.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>FerryTyles
<Content>Reception staff need 'renovation, updating' too! Unfortunately, our experience with this hotel was not positive. We had booked our one-night September stay back in May through the Ohana Reservation website, to take advantage of their special offer of U$129 (standard rate is listed as U$185). We submitted all personal and credit card details, and received full confirmation and hotel information, including the complimentary shuttle bus -. 鈥淐atch the convenient shuttle to and from H鈥檒ulu Airport Hotel.鈥?br/>But nowhere in the info was the vital information that you need to phone the hotel to be picked up from the airport! After 40 minutes of watching all the other shuttle buses go round 鈥榥 round 鈥榥 round and the airport attendant reminding us to wave the Ohana bus to stop when it came, we phoned the hotel and they were quite abrupt that it was our responsibility to phone them 鈥?even though I explained that information was not included in Ohana Reservations documents. Just checked their website, and there鈥檚 still no reference to phoning the hotel for pick-up. Checking-in was a nightmare. There was a line, so it took over 15 mins for our turn to roll around. We had a printed copy of our confirmed reservation with the Ohana Reservations link clearly visible. With a queue forming behind us 鈥?she kept asking aggressively who we had booked with. We kept pointing to the Ohana reservations website complete with logo. The receptionist acted like she had never heard of online bookings or the Ohana internet reservation website. Went off to the back room several times to phone. Apparently, they had no record of us or our reservation. Made us feel like imposters pulling a scam. After more visits to the back room, she returned and said begrudgingly that she had permission to accept us as a 鈥榳alk-in鈥欌€? Mmmmm. Then to give some credence to our 鈥榰nacceptability鈥?to the line of guests behind us, she loudly proclaimed that our credit card had been REFUSED. Highly unlikely, we used it just 2 hours previously and again the next day without any problems. Luckily we had a reserve CC, and we did finally get our room, albeit almost an hour an a half later due to all the shuttle/check-in hassles. As an interesting aside, I just checked the Ohana reservation website 鈥?and behold, it remembered and automatically filled in all our details!The room itself was fresh, clean and adequate. Nice view of the carpark. Bed was comfortable with crisp linens. But I was not impressed with the four cardboard cups which had to do duty as coffee cups, drinking glasses and bathroom mugs. Gosh, a cute little coffee maker and then having to drink out of cardboard? Not impressed. No ice in the empty mini fridge, either. So sundowners had to be enjoyed ice free and in cardboard. Nothing in the room information folder on where to get ice that we could find.A very disappointing, unpleasant experience on the last night of our holiday that was planned to be a relaxing sojourn prior to a long-haul flight home.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>Hove-UK-Traveller
<Content>Great airport hotel We stayed for one night on August 25th before our flight the next morning. The hotel is recently renovated so everything is clean and modern. As we arrived late evening and left early morning we didn't use all the facilities like the pool, restaurant etc.The hotel operates a free shuttle bus every half hour that takes a few minutes to get to the terminals.The room was clean and bright with air con, microwave, fridge, coffee maker etc.I'd read other reports about it being located in a rough area; this wasn't particularly noticeable although we didn't go wandering the streets at night.Overall a good value airport hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>OahuBandMom
<Content>Great Hotel If you just need a place to stay before catching your flight, this place is perfect. The hotel was recently renovated so it's very clean and the room we stayed in was perfect for our needs. We didn't eat in the restaurant although there is one in the hotel. Not much to see in the area but we just needed a place to sleep. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>esstra
<Content>Great Price My family of four had a very late flight out to the mainland. We stayed here from 1:00pm to about 8:30pm. It was perfect! The kids enjoyed a swim in their pool, took nap in a clean room and enjoyed a nice meal at the hotels restaurant. other families were staying here for a longer duration and stated they were staying for the price and convience to all the sights. The rooms recently got new carpeting. The rooms also have a microwave and small fridge. Very Handy!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>basx3
<Content>A great place to stay! Wow, what a great place to stay. I understand the hotel was just renovated. Everything is brand new, and the staff treated me well. Fabulous rooms for a reasonable price. I'd stay again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>bulldog18
<Content>Awesome!!! My stay at the Honolulu Airport Hotel was Awesome. Granted its no Trump Plaza, but all I needed/wanted was a good nights sleep. The rooms are clean and the price is right.They have a free airport bus that will take you to the airport every 30 min. The staff are all good people and the food is good too.Its a nice hotel at a very good price.-bulldog18  
<Date>May 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lori213
<Content>much nicer than I anticipated After reading some of the poor reviews on this website, I was a bit leary of booking this hotel, but I gave it a shot and I am glad I did. I flew into HNL (from Maui) at 4:30pm and my flight to the mainland was at 7 am the next morning, so I wanted a hotel near the airport. I was pleasantly surprised at how very nice this hotel was. As stated in previous reviews, the lobby was appealing (and the service was good too) and I was hoping for the same once I arrived at my room. When I opened the door to my room, I was again pleased with what I saw. Everything was clean and seemed to be new. The bed was comfortable, the accent furniture nice, the bathroom was updated and had granite countertops and the shower was extremely clean. I felt very comfortable, as a single woman, staying at this hotel by myself. There is even a little store located inside the hotel that was open until 10pm that sold everything you would find in a convenience store (fresh fruit, crackers, soup, soda, t-shirts, etc). I thought the nightly rate was a bit high at $129/nt, but, then again, it's Hawaii. I would definitely stay at this hotel again. This is no 4 star hotel, but as long as you realize this, you should be pleased with your choice if you decide to stay here.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BlueBird Watcher
<Content>A great secret! Good location near Pearl Harbor! We stayed at the Honolulu Airport Hotel on April 4, 2007 for one night. We don't know what the previous negative review is for, maybe a different hotel? We found this facility to be perfect for our needs. The hotel check in was smooth, and our room was ready even though we checked in a little early. The hotel lobby was beautiful and immaculate. There was Hawaiian music playing, which was a wonderful welcome to Hawaii. They have been doing renovations since Ohana/Outrigger bought it and it looked fabulous. The hotel is completely non-smoking. The hotel has free wireless internet access in the lobby, which was phenomenol for my husband to use with his laptop to check on his business back home.Our room was on the 4th floor in the main building (room 415), and the hallways still had new carpet smell. Our room was very clean and QUIET, despite being by the airport and the highway. The king size bed was very comfortable, and the bathroom had expected amenities like soap, shampoo and lotion. The bathroom/shower was clean, plenty of hot water, and a shower curtain that bowed out to give extra room. There were enough towels for both of us, and we were not disturbed at all. The next morning, we went to the USS Arizona/Pearl Harbor, which is only a $15 cab fare away. The front desk called the taxi for us and it appeared in about 15 minutes, as the staff said it would. The airport shuttle was timely, clean, and FREE.The only downside was it isn't near a TON of places to eat. However, that wouldn't deter us from staying there again. In fact, we would most definitely stay there again! There is a restaurant on property that we didn't use. We also didn't use the pool so we can't comment on that. There were vending machines in the building also, a standard soda machine and then another one with different sandwiches. I was a bit nervous booking because of the previous bad reveiws, but I am so glad we did. The ease of getting to Pearl Harbor, the free shuttle, the friendly staff and the clean, comfortable accommodations were exactly what we needed to start our 10th anniversary on the right foot. If you are nervous, ask for a room in the main building since they have definitely been finished. I don't think you will be disappointed.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>csjedi
<Content>Place is still a Dump I've read some of the most recent reviews, and I can't truly understand why people give this place high praises. I live in the Marshall Islands and have to travel through Hono several times a year. This place is still a dump and nothing has changed. Yes it's close to the airport, but that's it. I only wish the Kwaj community would write reviews concerning this place b/c it wouldn't be pretty. It's so bad that even Priceline, who is normally liberal with their Star Ratings, downgraded it from a 2* to a 1* hotel; I wish TripAdvisor would do the same.Good luck if you choose to stay there.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Retired1811
<Content>It's now a great place to stay! I stayed here two nights, one going to and one coming back from the Marshall Islands in March 2007. Forget any prior bad reviews. This hotel is now a fine place to stay. The hotel has one wing completely renovated and recently closed the other wing for renovation. Everything is new. You can鈥檛 beat the location. Literally 5 minutes or less from the airport via their shuttle bus that runs every half-hour. If you want to save dough on cab rides, take a bus outside the hotel. $2.00 to Waikiki vs. $30-40 for a cab. Highly recommended, even for stays of a week or more.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>HDCAM
<Content>銈儭銉偒鏈湡銇搞伄涔椼倞缍欍亷鍒╃敤   showReview(23282210, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>celine69
<Content>Parfait pour une nuit   showReview(17983425, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濄伄甯板浗渚裤伕銇倷銇堛仺...   showReview(21801047, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇撱倱銇仺銇撱倣銇紒   showReview(19156084, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

