<Author>brokeguy
<Content>Breakfast of the GODS Aprille's location is perfect, close to the SMN and gave us the oppurtunity to fully explore florence. It's on the edge so we'd trek towards St.Croce and find multiple ways going back. The breakfast was awesome with Hot-dogs and ham with various jams, honeys and fruits. We left every morning full of food ready to battle the rain in the quest for the best trippa and pasta in florence.The room even came with a coffee-maker which was replenished every day.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>BlueMount-travellers
<Content>good location My husband and I stayed 2 nights in Hotel Aprile. We found the staff to be helpful and reasonably friendly.Our room at the rear of the Hotel (which we requested) was quiet, it had a good size bed, very clean and comfortable, the ensuite had a bath, hairdryer and toiletries. Breakfast was plentiful with continental plus bacon and scrambled eggs, and the courtyard was a lovely relaxing start to the day.Location was very good, away from the crowds, with at least one good restaurant nearby, Trattoria Sostanza - Troia, reservation recommended.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>goldiept
<Content>Retreat in Florence We just got back from 10 days in Italy. Loved this Florence hotel. It was immaculate and charming. The room was much bigger than anticipated and the beds were comfy cozy. They gave us room 64 which had a lovely view over rooftops and of Santa Maria Novella. Breakfast was standard. There was an outdoor garden with little orange trees that made it so nice to come back and just sit and relax our tired feet. The staff was incredibly attentive and patient with questions and making calls for us. Also, it was well situated to the sights-not so close that there were hordes of people at your doorstep. Most things were within a 15-20 minute walk. The church bells went off at 7 AM but I slept through it most of the time. I highly recommend this hotel and wouldn't think twice about staying there next time I am in Florence.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>swoggers
<Content>Perfect Aprile Have just come back from a four-day break at the Aprile in Florence and couldn't have been happier with it. It was spotlessly clean, the staff were great and it was a fab location, not too near the rowdy bits. We took the train from pisa to Florence so it was great to only have to walk around the corner to the hotel.Had good breakfasts - plenty to fill up on for a busy day sightseeing. We easily managed to accommodate a non-dairy eater too without feeling hard done by. Found the staff to be cheery and helpful. The afternoon receptionist booked our Uffizi tickets, which was a relief. All those queues can be a bit confusing!Didn't think the bar prices were too steep - much of a par with the rest of the city really, which isn't cheap admittedly. There are some good restaurants and cafes within easy walking distance so you don't have to pay over the odds for a decent meal.We'd asked for a room off the main street, having looked at tripadvisor before booking, and were given the lovely room 28, with great views of the historic Santa Maria Novella behind. Only downside were the mossies, and that wasn't anyone's fault but my own because I didn't take a spray with me. There was a plug in deterrent supplied but it wasn't enough because I'm covered in bites! (the other half hasn't a mark on him!!) Would suggest people make sure they dose up on brewers yeast before heading out or spray daily while staying there.Will definitely be looking to stay there again if we return to florence and wholeheartedly recommend. Enjoy...  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Twig38
<Content>Great location       View for our room  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Becky41
<Content>Nice hotel but.......... On the whole, the hotel is okay but we did experience some difficulty, and although situated conveniently for the station and most of the sights, the hotel is not situtated in the most attractive part of Florence. My two sisters and I had booked a triple room and had asked specifically for 3 single beds in a superior triple room. Upon arrival, we were shown into a room with twin beds and a sofa bed. Ok, I thought, the room is nice, so if the sofa bed is comfortable - no problem. However, upon sitting on it, I found it was hard and the mattress was so thin I could feel the hard structure straight through it. There was no way, any one of us middle aged women was going to get a good nights sleep on that! and to be honest I thought why sould we - we had paid for a triple bedded room! I suppose if you are a couple travelling with a child, this accommodation is ok, but for adults - no, sorry, its not acceptable. I rang reception and asked for a third 'proper bed' to be moved into the room but was told this was not possible as there were no staff available to bring a bed. After some considerable discussion, they agreed to give one of us a separate room but at an additional charge of 50 euros. Despite, my protestations, this was the best they could do and I eventually moved into a room on the first floor at the front of the hotel.This room proved to be so noisy I wasnt able able to sleep. The windows were closed but the noise from the people on the street was so loud it was impossible to sleep. Laughing, shouting, girls screaching, motor scooters zooming up and down - it was awful. It eventually stopped about 3 am.True to their word, the staff did show us another room first thing next morning which we moved into. The room was a twin room and a separate single room attached I must say however, that the bed in the single room was no where near as comfortable as the twin beds - hard, with a thin mattress and smaller than a standard single bed. We rotated the 'uncomfortable bed' between us for the rest of the stay as it appeared it was the best we could do.I have stayed in numerous hotels in Florence over the years and have travelled extensively all over the world and I would have to say that for a 4 star hotel, we were generally disappointed with the facilities at the Aprile - there wasn't a turndown service in the evening nor any decent toiletries in the bathroom (they must be the only 4 star hotel still providing block soap instead of shower gel). And two coffee cups in a three bed room ??Despite the problems we encounderred, the hotel does have its good points, the reception staff were great - always very pleasant and happy to help. They recommended some lovely restaurants and were very helpful with anything we asked them about local sights etc. The standards of cleanliness at the hotel are very high indeed and the staff who cleaned the rooms were always cheerful and friendly. By Italian standards, breakfast was very good. There was plenty of food and they even offered scrambled eggs etc which is quite rare in Italy.I expect that if we had been a couple and had booked a double or twin room we would not have encountered these problems, but beware if you a booking a triple room, you are likely to have the same issues as we encountered because the Hotel Aprile does not appear to accept that a triple room means three beds of the same high quality in the same room.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>AndrewandJenny
<Content>Charming - butt ......       In the Secret Garden  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Beth44Scotland
<Content>Accommodation Having booked through a travel agent who enquired at time of booking, and a few days before our holiday we were guaranteed 3 separate single beds. On arrival we were gived 2 single beds and a sofa bed. The following day our rep spoke to hotel staff who said a sofa bed was a proper bed however they would change it and it was replaced with a squeaky folding bed. We have previousy stayed in 3  4 star accommodation in Italy and had 3 matching comfortable single beds.Our room was at the front and the noise was horrendous. We were advised to sleep with the windows closed and air conditioning on, but the air conditioning was noisy as well. There was also a lot of noise from other rooms. With all the noise throughout the night it was difficult to get any sleep.Though there is a lift in the hotel, there are a number of steps and stairs in the hotel which can be difficult.The court yard at the back is quiet however the chairs are uncomfortable to sit and relax and it doesn't get the sun.Having booked a 4 star hotel we were disappointed in our accommodation.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>khlm
<Content>good location Stayed in this small hotel in july. The room is small,though clean and quite nice nice to the other florence hotels we have seen. The location is great to all things to see and do in florence. The one outstanding feature of this hotel, was the bathroom, it was brand new, great shower, bath etc. The upside to the hotel it is fairly quiet, just ask for one of the rooms that dont overlook the main street, as the noise in mid July is very noisey. You are right next to the laundrette which is terrific, and very handy. The main sights are not to far to walk, which we did as the traffic around florence is something to behold. A small breakfast is served every morning consisting of small cold selections, and two hot dishes. I found the staff at the hotel quite pleasant, and coming back to the airconditioned room after a long hot day is very appealing. If by chance we ever ventured back to Florence i think i would stay here again. The train and bus station is just around the corner, although directions can vary.Anther plus is they do have a small bar fridge in the room, and tea and coffe making facilites.The hotel room is quite old and need of some tlc, though the bathroom makes up for the rest of it.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>ChiaraRossi
<Content>Impressed with the Hotel Aprile I had the pleasure of staying for ten days at the Hotel Aprile for the second time and it did not disappoint. The charming room overlooked the church and the hills. The location is excellent, the breakfast delicious but the true heart of the hotel is the staff. Always obliging and friendly which is important when traveling on your own. I would not hesitate in returning to the Hotel Aprile on my next visit to Florence. Highly recommended. Elita Carson, Australia  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lovestotravelNorfolk
<Content>Lovely Hotel May 13thWe have just stayed here for 4 nights and our Room 28 was lovely. The view from the bathroom was fabulous, we looked over the rooftops with Santa Maria Nouvelle Church to the side and mountains in the background,we asked for a quiet room. The room was a double and was a smaller room than some others but it was quiet and we had read from reviews to make this request. We would agree with all of the review of May 8th by cariocao8 apart from the pizza restaurant. We used the the one with the lion in its title and for 2 euros you could get a lot of wine!! We had an icecream everyday from the one on the corner near the Santa Maria delicious.Location was very good for Sita buses and we went to Siena one day. So much cheaper than going on a tour. We would love to return to this Hotel and Florence.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Mel_2076
<Content>Thank You Hotel Aprile... We were stranded in Venice... our plans had gone astray and we needed to figure out where our adventure was going to take us. I remembered friends mentioning this hotel when they had travelled to Italy. My previous experience in Florence was less than desirable at another hotel (Porta Rossa)... and I had sworn I would never go to Firenze again. I was talked into it and we got on line and booked this hotel... It was fabulous... the staff were brilliant and more than happy to help and booked restaurants for us. We tried to get some washing and pressing done down the road and were told that it was not possible. The hotel staff fixed it and our washing and ironing were returned to us within hours. They were fantastic. The courtyard is beautiful, the room a bit noisy as it was on street level, but it was very clean, neat and very large... a shower room with a sink and another toilet room with a sink... what more could to girls travelling together need!Thank you Hotel Aprile for changing my view of Florence... thank you to the staff for all their wonderful help and advise.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>carioca8
<Content>Just perfect Beautiful building.The hotel itself is extremely comfortable, clean, well maintained and the staff are friendly and helpful. Our room was spacious, tastefully decorated, managed to combine Florence's richness of decor, had good (and quiet)! air conditioning. There was a decent amount of storage space, LCD TV and the bed was very comfortable. The bath room was a good size with plenty of hot water and a hairdrier. The room was serviced every day. Breakfast was was pleasantly surprised. There was a choice of cereals, cold cuts of ham, salami, cheese, bread, juices, jams, croissants and tea/coffee. The location is fantastic a few steps of Santa Maria Novela and the central train station.It's place that you can enjoy all the Florence magnificent expirence!  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CananG
<Content>Nice location. Spacious room but awfull wall paint The location of the hotel is really nice. Close to historical areas such as famous Doumo as well as very close to Santa Maria Novella train station and Piazza. When we arrived to Florence by train it took us 5 minutes to the hotel on foot. Also the famous pharmacy Officina Profumo - Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella is at the same block with the hotel. The most famous product of this pharmacy is almond paste as hand cream and don't miss the chance to buy it. Also when you get out from the hotel at the right hand side just 20 - 30 metres away you can find a really nice Pizzerria. All kinds of food are delicious with a very good price and service.We stayed in a family room for four. The room had enough space and ammenities. You have to watch your step because there are steps just behind the door. The walls seem very dirty and detoriated when they were even painted recently.Breakfast was adequate but the breakfast room was small. Most of the staff were kind and polite but the waiter at the breakfast room was very rude and stone-faced.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>rrivera59
<Content>bello hotel Great hotel we stay in a triple room #86 beutifull clean bathroom spotless room, with flat TV, besides this ,the locationn near Santa Maria de Novella and the friendly staff Flora specially makes this hotel one that i will always go back to.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jancath
<Content>Bella Aprile We stayed at this hotel in September 2005. A beautiful little hotel with finesse and character, very clean and welcoming with a relaxing atmosphere. Just a short walk away from all the wonderful sites of Florence. The staff are friendly and very accommodating. Going back again this year - can't wait!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>catjo
<Content>Bring mosquito repellent My husband and I along with our two teen daughters stayed at the Hotel Aprile in July. We had 2 rooms one which faced the street. The first night there one of our daughters woke up with her legs covered in bites. It was extremely hot this summer in Italy and this hotel had no A/C. They provided one fan - two would have been better. We could not open the windows because the noise from the street was loud and the mosquitos were terrible. The decor was pretty and overall the hotel was nice. If we had been warned about the mosquitos problem we would have enjoyed out time there.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>42Italy
<Content>Perfect Florence experience My husband, myself and 2 teenage children stayed in this gorgeous hotel for 5 days (Jan 10-15). We were in a 2 bedroom room with a wonderful view over the rooftops of Florence and also the church of Santa Maria Novella. There was no street noise - the only interesting sounds were of the occasional trumpet lessons and the church bells. Our rooms were spotless and the bathroom was comfortable and clean. Our beds did not have 4 posters on them (as some do in other rooms), but we didn't mind. The furnishings were so tasteful.The service was fantastic. I needed to see a doctor during our stay. The staff told us where to go locally, contacted the doctor for us and all with a smile during a busy time for them. We were particularly impressed with Joyce.We also have to commend the breakfasts - enough to keep us going until the requisite gelato in the late afternoon. Yes, even our teenage son was sated. They never hesitated to offer us a second cappucino either.If you do stay, please make sure you visit the bathroom in the lobby area. It's been decorated to appear to be a seaside grotto - absolutely a gem!One last thing - the position in Florence was really convenient. It's near the station, and we walked to everything we wished to see.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>labeecarton
<Content>charming  A beutifully individualy furnished big rooms, in the trudition of Florence. Charming courtyard, unusually rich breakfast included in the price, friendly staff. best value for your money.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Millefleurs
<Content>A true cultural experience I stayed four nights at Hotel Aprile in November 2007. As a single traveller, I was expecting to stay in a broom cupboard and was pleased to be given a small double room on the top floor at the front, looking over the terracotta roof tiles of adjacent buildings. The decor was plain, but the room was very comfortable and well appointed. It was particularly nice to have tea and coffee making facilities and a decent mini fridge. The bathroom was well appointed with good quality toiletries supplied.The hotel has been created in an historic palazzo, and there are many reminders of its heritage around the building, particularly the remnant frescoes. The writing table in my room presented a number of publications about the history, and on some evenings there are talks on the heritage of Florence in the guest lounge. The hotel owners are proud of its history and are part of a group of hotels which support restoration projects around Firenze. I particularly enjoyed a small book of poems written by a woman who stayed there some years ago and which the hotel has published. It is this devotion to heritage and culture which sets the Hotel Aprile apart from your usual tourist accommodation.The reception staff were friendly, courteous and most helpful at all times. The hotel has an attractive guest lounge/bar and two rooms for breakfast. The breakfast buffet was generous and wait staff were attentive. All of the hotel staff were fantastic, and made my stay as a solo traveller much easier.Hotel Aprile is only about 250 metres from the railway station, and is within reasonable walking distance of many of Firenze's great attractions. It helps to have a decent map, as some of the small streets in this vicinity can get confusing. Around the corner, Santa Maria Novella is the nearest landmark, with its great artworks. There is a cheap internet/telecommunications shop almost next door, and a really good laundromat about 12 doors along Via della Scala. A less known heritage site very close to the Hotel Aprile is the old Pharmacy of Santa Maria Novella. It is located at No 16 Via della Scala and is well worth a visit for exquisite toiletries and perfumes.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>grecomurphy
<Content>Harry Potter was here Palazzo dal Borgo -Hotel Aprile -FlorenceWOW, truly amazing.Everything else you might read about this hotel, that's positive, it more than accurate.A charm, a gem, a true find in Venice.We traveled with our two children and were thrilled to be provided with room number 3. Even by North American standards, this is a huge room. Our children commented that the room was like something out of Harry Potter. My recommendation, if you're planning on being in Venice book this hotel and do it quick before the words gets out that this is a delightful treasure that's more than reasonably priced.Well within walking distance of all you need and want to see in Venice.There's no parking but hotel staff will arrange for that.A four star and then some.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Haggis45
<Content>Hotel Aprile suited us well We stayed for 2 nights with our 2 kids (97). After reading the reviews, we requested a family room at the back of the hotel, which we received. We had arrived on an overnight train very early and the hotel staff were lovely and helpful, letting us know when the room was going to be ready. Unprompted, a waiter was kind enough to bring the boys a jug of hot chocloate which they thought was fantastic.After climbing Giotto's Tower, we headed back to the hotel and relaxed in our room, which consisted of a king bed, single and a converted sofa. (I wouldn't want to sleep on it, but our 7yo was fine.) The room was quiet and overlooked the back with a lovely view. Bathroom modern and clean, beds comfy. Great to have a kettle and biscuits in the room as well as a small fridge. Air conditioning worked fine.The breakfast was a highlight for us. You can sit in the courtyard and enjoy the range of cereal, fruit, yoghurt and gorgeous tart/flans, as well as a spread of bacon  eggs etc. They bring the pastries and coffee to your table - the coffee was fantastic. (Then again I didn't have a bad one in Italy.) I think the buffet isn't as plentiful towards the end, but we were there in time and it wasn't an issue. After sightseeing for the day, the kids would relax in the room, and we would share a pot of the Americano coffee in the courtyard, reading the papers.The reception staff spoke english and were able to offer help as needed including a super recommendation for dinner (The Marione). The location was great for us, walking distance to main sights, and close to the train station for our day trip to Pisa and then to Rome. The Santa Maria square around the corner was being worked on( a fence around it) so we never saw any undesirables around, felt quite safe.We really enjoyed our stay here, but did speak to others who thought their rooms were noisy. I thought the hotel had a nice vibe, so put in a request for a back room and enjoy.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>mizblackwell
<Content>Great location       View over Florence  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>corinium
<Content>First trip to Florence Booked a long weekend for my wifes birthday, Hotel has a pretty good location, and fairly easy to find.The staff were very friendly, but i was devastated when we got to our room, I had booked a Junior Suite which i didn't consider cheap, the carpet in the bedroom was terribly stained and the room just looked tatty and gave the impression that it had not been decorated for years. what i would have expected to be our lounge area turned out to be a single bedroom, not what i was expecting.Bathroom was ok, but would have liked a bath.i normally complain about the standard of British hotels, but having stayed at Portmerrion for very similar money there is just no comparing the 2.when we look back at our weekend, we will have good memories of visiting museums, sitting at pavement cafe's enjoying a cold beer in the sunshine, but the Hotel is best forgotten, a dissapointing way to spend 鈧?00/night!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>3	2	1	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>DAHR
<Content>Charming Hotel Me and my husband chose to stay here from 16-19 September 2007 after seeing the reviews here and got a good deal with Expedia. For the location and quality of the hotel, we felt we'd found quite a treasure.We took the advise of others and requested a courtyard facing room in the hope it would be peaceful, and this was a good move (Room 18). The hotel is on a fairly narrow and very busy street and with road works, mopeds, throngs of people and a couple of restaurants and bars further up and down, I would have thought that the people in the front facing rooms may have had trouble sleeping. We were lucky and only had the 6.45am bells to wake us! :-) We didn't have much of a view, but how much time do you spend gazing out of a hotel room anyway?The room definitely had impact with tall, tall ceilings, a lovely comfortable huge wrought iron bed and shutters on the windows. The shower room (no bath) was compact but spotless, the shower good and hot. Complimentary wash bags with goodies and slippers were a nice touch. Tea and coffee facilities in the room with a mini-bar. Breakfast was a mix of hot and cold fare, all buffet style, apart from the coffee and tea. Scrambled eggs, bacon, sausages, yogurts, fruits, cheese, ham, pastries, fruit juices. Nothing to complain about. You could have your breakfast in the courtyard and there are now nets to stop the birds coming to land on the tables. Breakfast in your room is available at no extra cost.The position of the hotel is good, not the most attractive of streets, but a good convenient location. We had a hire car and the hotel parked it for us at a near by garage and brought it back for us within about 5 mins of asking when we left. We didn't use the car at all in Florence as everything is pretty much within walking distance. There's a good selection of brochures at reception with info about walking tours in Florence, and other trips further afield. Staff were pleasant, helpful and spoke perfect English. Our room safe didn't work and wasn't repaired during our stay, but staff kept our valuables locked away behind the desk.Unrelated to the hotel stuff:On the opposite side of the street to the right as you exit the hotel, we enjoyed a very late (didn't arrive till 11pm) and very tasty meal for 20 euros, including drinks. That was the cheapest we ate for. Most restaurants seem to serve the same kinds of food for varying prices, and we didn't have any bad meals anywhere. Lots of lovely ice-cream parlours! Despite being mid-September, the weather was still VERY warm, damp and humid. Smells were abundant and mosquitos made a bit of a meal of me. :-( I didn't think to take repellent, but would recommend anyone reading this to do so!I couldn't fault the hotel in any way and was very pleased with our choice. Book it up and enjoy your trip!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ouiparis
<Content>Charming Hotel Within Walking Distance of Santa Maria Novella We stayed at Hotel Aprile during our 24 hours in Florence, which was the second stop on our 11-day Italian holiday. We primarily selected the hotel for its close proximity to the Santa Maria Novella rail station, as well as its charming decor as evidenced in photographs on TA, as well as the hotel's official site.From the train station, it was a five minute walk to the hotel. We followed the hotel's own directions and found it with no problem. We attempted to check in around noon and were asked to wait in the garden or sitting room while they got a room ready for us. After sitting in the garden for a few minutes, I noticed a mosquito buzzing near my bare legs and we decided to move into the sitting room. One of the staff members passed by and offered cappucinos. We declined and asked for water instead, which was promptly given. After 25-30 minutes, we were shown to our room, #63 on the third floor. It was nice enough, but we thought it had a funny smell to it and wondered if it was a cleaning product they used. We then realized that we had been given a smoking room, despite the fact that at the time I made the reservations through the hotel's website, I clearly indicated our desire to be assigned a non-smoking room. We brought the matter to the attention to the person at the front desk and showed her a copy of my email requesting the non-smoking room. She apologized for the error and had us transferred to another room, #60, which was twice as big as the previous room and faced the front of the hotel overlooking Via Della Scala. We found this room much more to our liking. From the time we brought the matter to her attention to the time we were escorted with our bags into the new room, only about 10 minutes had transpired.Later in the afternoon, another staff member came to our door with an ice bucket containing a bottle of prosecco and two wine glasses, a gift from the hotel in honor of our one-year wedding anniversary. We thought that was a nice touch. They also gave us a card which read, Buon Anniversario.Other nice touches were the hotel slippers and complimentary biscuits. The bathroom was quite spacious. Breakfast was the typical continental spread, including eggs and hot meats. We were treated courteously by all staff encountered. One gentleman in particular was kind enough to refer us to a travel agency close to the hotel when I had some train ticket questions that he couldn't answer. This travel agency was called Arno and the Trenitalia representative who assisted us there had to be one of the most helpful people we came across in Italy.Room keys are attached to a gigantic ornament, something that looks like it should be on your mother's curtains. You have to leave your keys at the front desk before you leave the hotel, which really isn't a big deal at all.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Aspenx3
<Content>Beautiful and Great Hotel Out of our 25 day stay in Italy - which includes a family of 5 people (2 Adults and my 3 daughters ranging from the age of 11 to 20) stayed at Hotel Aprile for 4 nights. Out of all our hotels that we stayed at in Italy - this hotel by far was the Best and most charming hotel. We reserved a family room which sleeps 5 people. The room was so big that actually a believe 6 people would have fit very comfortabe in this room with room for all our luggages too. Our room in this hotel was Room #3 which had 2 canpoy beds and the beds seemed to be King Size beds with 2 pull-out sofa beds which my daughters said were very comfortable. The hotel staff was Excellent. Also willing to help in anything we asked. They gave us excellent suggestions for dinner too. The hotel is close to everything. We walked every where we needed to. Its only about a 5 minute walk from the main train station. You are in walking distance to all the monuments throughout Florence. The breakfast was one of the best in all ot our hotels. We booked only 4 and 5 star rating hotels and Hotel Aprile is classified as a 4 Star but our family believes this hotel should be rated as a 5 Star. We checked out - we told them that we would be back in a few years and we will be staying at Hotel Aprile again and perferrable in Room #3 again. Have no fear - if you plan on visitng Florence and want a good hotel close to the train station and all major attractions, etc..., book your hotel accommodations at Hotel Aprile and you will not be disappointed. Thanks Hotel Aprile and to your staff for our wonderful stay at your hotel. See you in a few years - can't wait to go back.....!!!!)  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oslo-female
<Content>Wonderful hotel! We loved almost everything about this hotel!A family of four (kids 9 and 18), got a beautiful, large family room.The young man with a ponytail at check in spoke fluent English and was very helpful. Coffe/tea/biscuits in the room, mini-bar, even slippers. The location. WOW! Only a bit irritating bits were rubbish from previous guest under the beds (we found 5 pieces of sweet-wrapper and stuff), and the airconditioner not being fully controlable (set at 2 temperatures which weren't cool enough for us. Mind you, we're from Norway, and used to frost!).Also, it said that breakfast could be served in the room at no extra cost, and breakfast supposedly started at 7.30 am. As we had a taxi booked for 8 in the morning to get our flight back to Norway, we thought it would be a great idea to have breakfast in the room 7.30. No way was that possible. We'd be better off going to the breakfast room, we were told, but at 7.40, not everything we needed was there. When asking about it, one of the guys working there (who looked A LOT like the British Prime Minister!), reluctantly looked up from his newspaper, looking a his watch in a way that indicated what's the hurry, and said it will come soon. Of course none of us were finished eating before the taxi arrived. Access to the Internet was extremely pricey. We only had to check one thing which we said would take 3 minutes, but had to pay for half an hour. Yeah, The Prime Minister....Apart from this, we were all happy, and would recommend this hotel to all.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TX4Traveling
<Content>Lovely hotel in convenient location This hotel is conveniently located to the train station and all the key sites. We walked every where. The hotel and breakfast room were lovely. If noise is a problem, definitely ask for a room away from the street. The hotel staff are friendly and helpful, the rooms are lovely as are the baths and the amenities. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Paris0618
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in Florence!       Our room  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>evotz2
<Content>Lovely hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>Len_Lambchop
<Content>My dream hotel I finally made it to Hotel Aprile in May 2007 after having dreamed of staying at the hotel for several years. I had previously planned to visit Florence on other trips to Europe and had found Hotel Aprile on the net, but hadn't made it there till this year. The hotel lived up to all my expectations. Everything about the hotel is wonderful - great location, not too far from the main railway station, and close to Santa Maria Novella. The hotel building itself is a perfectly romantic old palazzo, with gorgeous rooms and modern bathrooms. The garden courtyard and the bar/salon are just lovely. What makes the hotel really special though, are the amazing staff who are warm, friendly and very helpful. I had a really wonderful stay there.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tuscan01
<Content>Enchanting Hotel in Tuscany The moment I entered the foyer of this hotel I knew my stay would be an amazing experience. Had travelled throughout Italy and this hotel was by far the best of the lot. I had the room up at top of the hotel (kind of like staying in an attic). It was spacious and extremely clean in comparison to the other hotels. I just loved the breakfast room and sitting room, they were delightful. Best breakfast I had out of all the hotels in Italy. The variety was plentiful and really enjoyed the scrambled eggs, bacon and toast (after eating pastries every other day). Hotel is very close to the train station and all other major attractions I found by foot. I highly recommend a day trip to San Gimingano in the countryside of Tuscany. What an amazing medieval town to exlpore. Cannot fault the hotel at all. Internet access was simple and the reception staff were most helpful with giving directions and advising of great eating places. They even arranged for our clothes to be washed and delivered back to our rooms for a small fee. It was well worth it after travelling around Italy for so long. When I return to Florence I will definitely be staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>DPLFR
<Content>A Nice Experience We booked a junior suite for a weekend in May. The location is terrific - about a 7-10 minute walk from the train station and within walking distance to all the sites. Having never been to Florence I e-mailed many questions to the staff and they were extremely responsive. They also made reservations on our behalf for several museums, saving us hours of line waiting.Based on comments on TripAdvisor I got a room off the street and overlooking the courtyard. We heard virtually no street noise. The room itself was spacious by European standards, and the bathroom was large as well. They did have problems with their television cable and the continental breakfast was very disappointing. Eat early or they run out of food, and don't replenish it unless asked. They were also so slow to clear the courtyard tables that pigeons took over and we had to eat inside.I would recommend this hotel, especially if you are a first timer to Florence. The responsiveness of the staff and their willingness to get reservations are a big plus. However, if you are a return visitor to Florence you might find a better bargain, because the Aprile is not inexpensive.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gum57
<Content>Paerfect This is a perfect little gem in a great location for travelers on a train. It is around the corner from the train station in walking distance and located in the upper right quadrant of the historical center. Two blocks from the Arno and right around the corner from the Santa Maria Novella. The church was being restored and the square was under construction, so it wasn't the prettiest, but there was so much we loved about this hotel it didn't matter. Our room was large and way up on top reachable by it's own private staircase. The bathroom was tiny but had the lovliest view. The beds are hard, but I think that is how the Italians like them. Our children were staying at the bottom of our staircase in a nice sized room with a good size bathroom. All marble! Breakfast in a lovely courtyard while you plan your day is a great start. And they have eggs and bacon! You can walk everywhere and we did. The hotel was so accomodating. They arranged our tickets for the Uffizzi and would have arranged anything else we needed. In the afternoons, we would retire to the hotel and then catch a cocktail in the courtyard before dinner. Their recommendations for dinner were unbelievably good. One was a trattoria, the other a little more upscale near the water. Both were delicious and happy to serve people from the hotel! After dinner and long walks around the lit up city, we would come back for a nightcap. Mark is the bartender. Great guy! We would have friends meet us at the hotel before we would venture out in the city. The street is a busy street and a touch noisy so make sure that you are either on a top floor or toward the back. Just remember, Florence is a city of churches and they have bells. We loved them, some people weren't as happy. On Sundays, they chime every ten minutes! This hotel was worth more than its rates! We were sorry to leave!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>diane95
<Content>What A Feeling We were a party of 4, my Mother, Husband, Son and myself. It was only for a short time but the atmosphere and friendliness of everyone made it seem longer. One morning we took an early train to Venice and the staff bought a cold breakfast to our room the night before in order for us to have something to eat before we left. No other place we stayed at in Eurpoe offered this to us. My mother and I used the Duomo as our navigation point in case we got lost - but it wasn't necessary as everything was so close. We all had a great time and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>GelatoSF
<Content>Best breakfast PROS:-Amazing breakfast in variety and quality. Best bacon, yogurt, fresh fruits, cereals, fresh juices, rolls  croissants, mini hotdog, deli meat, coffee, espresso, hot chocolate, etc... Everything was delicious except for the mass scrambled congealed eggs. Should switch to medium boiled eggs.-Staff was helpful. Made reservations to the Uffizi and Academia. Gave good advice on how to get to Siena and advised us to buy our train ticket from the nearby Tour center to save us time. Told us about a Beauty Pharmaceutica ran by nuns hundreds of years ago, that sells creams, perfume, hair products that people from around the world come to buy. It's on the same block as the hotel. Awesome hand cream 'Almond paste' and 'Calendula face cream'. Spoke English.-Wireless internet access in room-Spacious roomCONS:-Bed made my lower back hurt. I didn鈥檛 have this problem with 2 other hotels.-there is only one button in the bathroom for light  vent, and the vent was noisy, so you can't use the bathroom quietly in the middle of the night. -Noisy in the morning, because we were on the 1st floor and heard all of the breakfast dishes  chairs downstairs. Not a problem if you鈥檙e a heavy sleeper. Very quiet at night if you face the garden. -Doors need to be slammed to be shut  locked simultaneously. At least, that鈥檚 what most people were doing.Side notes:-Staff was helpful  professional, but not warm.-My spouse and I had major (pollen) allergy attacks in April. Luckily we brought Flonase and Antihistamine.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>ally_loves_to_travel
<Content>Best Hotel we stayed at!       view from our window!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>redflowers
<Content>We loved staying this Palazzo This hotel is so full of old world charm, it's just like stepping into an old Palazzo, but don't worry it does have the modern comforts we can't do without! Lovely bathroom, all marble and very modern.Staff are really welcoming: it was my husband's birthday during our stay and they had a bottle of champagne brought to the room, courtesy of the management, a really nice surprise.The room had a fantastic view of the cloister, the only noise was the bells ringing in the morning...We really enjoyed our stay, will reccomend the hotel to our friends and if we ever return to Florence this is where we will very definitely stay.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Muscrat
<Content>Gorgeous Hotel We stayed at this gorgeous little hotel in October 2006. Two adults travelling with two children aged 9 and 6. Our room was superb - the children had their own room which would have otherwise been an entrance/living room; they had two small converted divans for beds which would probably have been a too small for anyone older, but was perfect for them. Our room, with a large Q/S bed, was extremely spacious as was the marble bathroom with shower over bathtub. The main (kids) room overlooked the courtyard with picturesque views of St Maria Novella's Bell Tower. The rooms were furnished with beautiful antiques and lots of other interesting decorations.The hotel is situated within walking distance of all the main attractions, we walked everywhere. When we arrived by hire car, we were able to drop off our hire car at the Hertz office and walk (pulling along our three suitcases) to the hotel. The train station is only a five minute walk away. We caught the train to Pisa for the day - a one hour, one way journey. When we departed (again pulling our luggage), we found it very convenient to get our train on to Venice.The breakfast was a great buffet, with lots of choice. My husband was particularly happy with the scrambled eggs and bacon, which we hadn't yet had at any other hotel in Italy. There is a couple of laundromats on the same road as the hotel within 2 - 5 minutes walking distance. The staff were extremely helpful, efficient and polite and spoke English well. There is also a lovely restaurant a few doors away called Tira Baralli, recommended to us by one of the staff members - lovely food, fantastic pizzas particularly. We ate there on two occasions.My only gripe with the hotel was the noise in our main bedroom at night. I think there was a building site opposite, but traffic and pedestrian noise was very loud throughout all hours of the night. It did not, however, affect our children in the other room - you couldn't hear anything in there at all. It was the only hotel during our whole holiday in Europe that did not have double glazing on their windows - this would have made all the difference, if only on the rooms facing the street. (our room was 24). If you are a light sleeper, insist on a room that doesn't face the street!!My only other recommendation is to book ahead for the museums, especially the Ufizzi Galeries if you don't want to be queuing for hours! ENJOY!!  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>momamar2
<Content>A Most Pleasurable Stay Unfortunately our stay was only two nights, October 17  18, 2006. A lovely hotel, located within walking distance of all the major sites in Florence. The entire staff, from concierge to housekeeping was extremely accommodating and gracious. Our room was lovely, king size bed, beautiful armoire, couch, table and chairs. The marble bathroom with a large tub/shower was immaculate, complete with towel warmer and complementary slippers. The fantastic weather allowed us to make use of their outdoor garden, especially charming in the evening hours. Arrangements were provided for safeguarding our luggage both upon arrival and prior to departure, allowing us additional time to explore the beautiful city of Florence. Upon our return to Florence, the Hotel Aprile will most definitely be our hotel of choice.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rob_and_Karen_Bent
<Content>Lovely little hotel We have just got back from a 10 day trip to Italy, the first 5 days spent in Florence at the Hotel Aprile.This is a charming little hotel in an old historic building. It is in a good location - only 5 minutes from the train station and 5 to 15 minutes from most of Florences main attractions, all walking at a steady pace.Our room - 29 - was furnished with antiques and tastefully and brightly decorated, it was a good size with a nice comfy bed and a nice bathroom with a shower over the bath, with loads of hot water, nice clean towels etc. The room overlooked the bell tower of the Santa Maria Novella church, with an automatic 7 o'clock alarm call from the bells every morning, which suited us because we had a lot of sights to see! It was really like going back in time to hear church bells ringing, it all added to the excitement of the trip. Apart from the church bells the hotel was very quiet with no traffic noise, very calm and peacefull.The hotel staff could not have been more friendly or helpful, we felt very at home there.The breakfast was excellent, with plenty of choice for food and both indoor and outdoor dining areas, there is also a small bar in the dinning room with nice comfy furntiure.The staff went to great lengths to make sure we knew where all the good sights were and pointed out some good eating places, the Trattoria Gobbi (yes Gobbi!!) just across the road down a side street is particularly good, with nice food and good value wine - full of noisy Italians, but that has to be a good sign!We would recommend the trip the hotel booked us on to Sienna and San Gimignano, Siena is a beautiful city and the guide we had for our walk round tour was fantastic, she really brought the history of the place alive - the Siena Duomo is an incredible building!To summarise - if you want a modern plush hotel, don't stay in the Aprile. If however, you want to stay in a hotel that immerses you into the history and way of life of a beautiful city from the minute you walk through the front door then the Aprile is for you. We loved it and would definitely go back.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Luv2Travel_CA
<Content>Great Hotel with Friendly, Smiley Staff-Near the train station! My sister and I arrived in Florence with no set hotel reservations. We wanted a room near the train station (so we didn't have to haul our luggage all over town), and the recommended hotels were all booked up or seemed very over priced. We were going to give up and pay more just to stay at a Best Western-owned hotel when we saw Hotel Aprile. The gentleman at the front desk gave us a key and said that we should check out the room before booking. We were worried about the suggestion to see the room before booking, but when we saw it we knew it was the place for us! It was so clean and charming. We booked the room at such a reasonable rate. The staff was so very helpful with our 100s of questions; they never acted put off or were too busy to help (they made us reservations for the local sights while answering the phone to help customers speaking several different languages). The breakfast was great, the room comfortable, the staff friendly, it's location ideal...we just loved it! The hotel made our stay in Florence even more memorable. I would definitely recommend this hotel to my friends and family!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>iLoveButter
<Content>Aweful - Terrible Beds Caused me Severe Back Pain, Ruined My Tirp to Florence I have bad back problems, so I tend to stay in higher class hotels to be assured I will receive an adequate bed. Seeing the Hotel Aprile was a 4-star hotel, was rather expensive, and got good reviews we thought it was a safe bet. WRONG.The beds sagged in the middle and were terribly lumpy. Worse, we could actually feel bits of metal poking through the top of the mattress. I was afraid I would need a tetanus shot after sleeping there. I asked to change rooms, but the clerk told us that was not allowed.Neither of us slept at all that night. The next morning, I felt like I had been beaten with rocks. My lower back was injured as a result of the saggy mattress and I was unable to stand upright. As such, I couldn't go to any museums or walk around and see Florence. This hotel literally ruined my trip to Florence as we had to leave early. To make matters worse, we were also charged for the extra night.The hotel itself was OK. It was kind of cute, but for $200USD/night I expected a lot more. No internet in the room either. It was clean. The staff was terribly unhelpful. Aweful. On top of the $400 in room fees, I will probably have to pay many hundreds more to the chiropractor and physical therapist to undo the damage this rotten place caused. AVOID.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>HiddenHills
<Content>Nice Hotel The rooms were large and we had a room overlooking the bell tower and courtyard of the oldest church in Florence. This hotel used to be a palazzo. The breakfast was one of the best. They had all the usual stuff: Cereals, yogurt, tea, coffee, but also eggs and meat and fresh fruit.Their recommendations for restaurants was not very knowledgable, just typical tourist spots with not an Italian in sight.The hotel is in a very convenient location, close to everything you'd want to do in Florence. We didn't use a taxi the entire time. I jogged along the Arno to the west of the city and found a beautiful large park that goes a long distance along the river. You can rent bikes near the trainstation and bike in the park as well.The best food tip I can offer is the Mercado Centrale. It's a huge indoor marketplace and has cheap prepared gourmet foods. If I would have found it sooner, I wouldn't have had lunch anywhere else. The produce is gorgeous and abundant and the breads are fantastic, olive bread with huge green olives baked in the bread.Don't forget to make your reservations at the museums.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best in Italy While in Italy, we stayed in hotels in Rome, Venice and Florence, all in the same quality/rate category. Hotel Aprile was by far our favorite. The rooms and bathrooms were enormous by Italian standards. A very good breakfast was complementary each morning in a garden patio and a very reasonable bar available in the same indoor/outdoor area each evening. They even had Art History lectures 3 times a week by a U of Florence professor. The staff was extraordinarily helpful in all aspects of our stay. I would highly recommend this property to anyone visiting Florence.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Quatquatta
<Content>Delight!! What a delight! Hotel Aprile is clean, comfortable, well located (5 mins walk to the middle of Florence - actually, 5 mins walk from nearly everywhere). The rooms are generous (we saw a few of them out of curiosity), impecably maintained and relaxing. Breakfast is simple yet adequate - we never left hungry and the staff are very friendly (unlike a number of places we stayed in, staff were more than happy to give advice). Rooms on the road side have double glazing on the windows so concerns voiced by early recommendations have been removed. We'd stay here again without giving it a second thought.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jimdago
<Content>Well located but needs work Stayed four nights in early May. Our room faced the street and was quite large, but as others have noted, sometimes noisy. Room 302 was very musty and needed a thorough airing out each time we came back to it -- not a pleasant experience for the money we paid. Hotel is very well located to most tourist sites, and the staff is helpful. Overall, I'd rate it 3-1/2 stars.  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>peterfromtheUK
<Content>room with a view We spent 5 nights here while at a conference in Florence. The location was good, but their are tons of foreign workers on this street and we didn't feel 100% safe coming and going to the hotel at night. We had a back room on the third flor (tiny elevator), with a fantastic view of Santa Maria Novella and the hills in distance. Our room was nice, but at 230 Euros a night, not really value for money. Breakfast was served in a frescoed room, but very small. We were almost on top of our co-diners, and the feeling was a bit bus station diner. The coffee was awful, and the ?Ethiopian waiters are poorly trained. There is an English desk clerk working there who is very competent and helpful. We would stay here again, despite some shortcomings.  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>texas spot
<Content>Great if you get a room in the back       Breakfast outdoor area in March  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel Stayed for 3 nights at the Aprile and loved it. Our room was fairly small but was clean and comfortable. The bathroom looked newly fitted.Breakfast was good - nice choice and excellent service. The square behind the hotel was not the nicest of places but we never felt uncomfortable walking through it, even at night.  
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good value hotel Have just returned from three nights at the Hotel Aprile with my teenage daughter. If TripAdvisor allowed me to give it a 4.5 rating I would. It is perfectly located, 5 minutes from the central station if you (like me) travelled by the ghastly Ryanair to Pisa and took the train (a cheap and effortless way to get into Florence without paying through the nose for flights direct). But it is not seedy, as so many Termini-close hotels are in Italy. And all the sights are within a 10-15 minute walk. There are good authentic trattorie nearby, and the recommendations of the hotel's helpful on eateries are sound, not simply pointing you in the direction of the nearest tourist trap.Our twin room (no 63) was small but comfortable, very quiet but with a wonderful view over red-roofed houses to the church of Santa Maria Novella. The breakfast was hearty. There are weekly talks by a local 'professore' on Florentine culture. There is a pleasant courtyard (cortile) with tables, although it only catches the sun in the mornings. So, overall, pretty good value. Definitely recommended.TIP: don't assume that if you get to the Uffizi at opening time you will miss the crowds. We arrived at 8.15 and still had to queue for over an hour. Better to buy an advance ticket the day before, which means you can avoid the queues.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Perfect Hotel We just returned from our trip to Italy and unfortunately we were only in Florence at the Hotel Aprile for two nights. The hotel was wonderful. We are a family of four and our room was big. We had two separate bedrooms and a nice size bathroom. The staff at the hotel was very helpful before and during our stay. Prior to our trip, they made reservations for us at two museums. While we were there, my youngest daughter became sick with an ear infection. The hotel staff made arrangements with an english speaking doctor to come directly to our hotel room. Now that is service!! All in all, we did not spend much time at the hotel as we took the train to Pisa for one day and spent time at the museums the next day. I would definately recommend this hotel to all travelers!  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wme133
<Content>Perfect location       Room  
<Date>Mar 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved this hotel I really loved this hotel. First of all it's nice to stay in a hotel that isn't impersonal, they really make you feel you're someone special, from the moment you arrive and are welcomed with a warm smile, nothing seems to be too much bother for the staff. The room was spotless, and overall the hotel was full of old world charm. I hope we shall be able to return one day!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Marks Top marks for this special boutique hotel, we loved it! The atmosphere is warm and really welcoming, all the staff very helpful. Comfortable room (fantastic marble bathroom) and superb view! Breakfast was excellent. Pity we weren't there in the warmer season when it's served in the courtyard (which looks delightful). We couldn't have wished for more and will certainly be back!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lalaby
<Content>Hotel Aprile-Palazzo Dal Borgo We spent four nights and it was a very pleasant experience. We were told we were upgraded and we did have a huge bedroom, a sitting room and very nice marble bath. Very quiet. We had a view of the Santa Maria Novella and bell tower. It is also only a few doors  to the famous SMN Farmacia-don't miss it. Everyone in the hotel was very helpful and extremely kind. It was an easy walk to everything in the historic area and we had no problems walking by the SMN square at all and never saw anything to feel threatened about. We travel by train and it was also an easy walk to the station.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Gorgeous views We had an excellent experience at Hotel Aprile. It is very centrally located--right in between the Duomo and the train station. We had a lovely view of Santa Maria Novella from our room, which was clean and spacious. The bathroom was roomy enough and had plenty of hot water. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Alderuccio
<Content>Plain on the outside, very special within. Our family of 4 recently spent 3 wonderful nights in this old world hotel. Our Australian travel agent recommended it and we are pleased we followed her advise. We had a family room with 2 big rooms and the cutest sunken marble bathroom overlooking a quaint courtyard. Magnificent antiques throughout hotel and rooms. Breakfast is served in a lovely dining room that has thoughtfully mixed modern with old. Splendid music is played throughout the meal getting everyone into the right mood for charming, busy, beautiful Florence. Shops and station are very close, as is Ponte Vecchio area and most major galleries. The shops in Florence are abundant and fantastic with something for every budget. Excellent leather shop opposite the hotel with very well priced goods. We ate at a variety of local restaurants and had some terrific dinners. Hotel was a favourite of ours and we will stay there again. Only criticisim was the street noise during the night, hardly the hotel's fault. Staff were very friendly and arranged gallery bookings for us. Could have stayed much longer.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JCOregon
<Content>Very Nice Very enjoyable stay. We traveled by train throughout Italy  Hotel Aprile was exceptionally close to the station -- which was convenient, as we did an overnight hop to Venice  then back to Florence. Rooms were very comfortable, clean  quiet -- and were equipped as a quad room, for our family of 4 travelers (including 2 teenagers). Entire staff was very cordial  helpful -- and made a number of tour reservations for us. Breakfast was included, and is situated in a very charming inner courtyard. My wife had stayed here 4 years ago  found it to be equally as enjoyable this trip. We walked throughout Florence  found location to be convenient to everything.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Nezzerus
<Content>great service defeats pigeon threat Stayed here for one night only, which was a real shame as the hotel had masses of charm and was excellent value. Customer service was superb and the entire staff were never less than friendly and smiley. A very good breakfast featuring scrambled eggs and bacon alongside the usual offerings was served in the lovely garden (besieged by pigeons but the waiter's job description seemed to include fending them off with his tray)! The decor is imaginative and the view from our room was great. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>samtron
<Content>Superb time at the Aprile My wife, 10 year old daughter and I have just returned from a 4 day/5 night trip to Florence. We stayed in a family room at the Hotel Aprile and have to say it was one of our most enjoyable short breaks ever. The staff, from reception to the cleaners and breakfast staff were all first rate; smiling, polite and attentive. The room we had was clean and in good order and it was the little things that you noticed like bed clothes being folded neatly every day. The view from the window (room 64) was of the nearby church and was quite a sight every day. Breakfast was served every morning in the small open air courtyard and consisted of a more than ample continental breakfast including scambled eggs and bacon. My daughter Katie particularly enjoyed starting every morning with a large jug of delicious hot chocolate! Having spent the previous week in a 4 star hotel in London (and paid 5 star prices for the priviledge) I have to say that the Hotel Aprile, although small, was infinately better and somewhere I would recommend heartily to anyone wanting to enjoy the delights of Florence. We look forward to returning again soon.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the Aprile We stayed at the Aprile 10 years ago for our honeymoon and returned this spring for our anniversary. We wouldn't have stayed anywhere else. This is the most delightful hotel, so full of florentine atmosphere, and the staff is as helpful and friendly as ever, it truly felt like coming home!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>wilsons
<Content>Excellent choice in Florence I have stayed at the Aprile twice in the past few years. It is well located, has friendly staff, and wonderful rooms. My room was actually half of a former ballroom I think. It had a huge bed and even a separate area with a single bed in case 3 people shared a room. The bathroom was lovely and recently remodeled. One nice touch about this hotel is that they had a free speaker every other night or so from a local university who gives a brief talk on different historical topics of Florence.  
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aem1975
<Content>Perfect hotel experience Hotel Aprile was an extremely pleasant experience. The staff was very friendly and helpful, the breakfast room was beautiful and the food was tasty, and our hotel room was clean and nicely decorated. As a bonus, the location of the hotel was wonderful - we could easily walk all over the city. When I return to Florence, I will stay at Aprile again.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kabuli
<Content>excellent choice after having used these reviews for our own planning, i feel compelled to contribute our own review. our family (myself, wife and 2 young children) spent a night at the hotel aprile in florence in late march and had a great time. the hotel was a very convenient 5 minute walk from the train station and central to all sights in florence. the room we had was great. two separate internal rooms for us and the kids, clean, spacious, tastefully decorated and quiet. the manager on duty (didn't get the name) was very helpful with info regarding where to go, what to see, when, etc. all in all, i would recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussie-Marg
<Content>A++ at the Aprile ! Lovely old palazzo, spacious rooms, immaculately clean, great service - what more could you want? There is also a comfortable Bar to relax in at the end of the day where drinks are reasonably priced, and a nice breakfast room where the coffee and croissants are really good. Staff at Reception were helpful and courteous. We would stay here again very happily.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>juicykatz
<Content>Great place with a great location My wife and I stayed here for 5 nights in July 2004. What a great place! It was in a central location. 5 minutes from all the sites. And right down the road from a ton of good resturants. The only thing to note is try to get a room that is facing the terrace. The road outside is a tad busy and has some loud traffic. We asked to be moved to an inside room and the staff accomidated without any problems. All staff spoke perfect english and were really helpful in sending us on our way to the right spots. It is not a 5 start hotel by any means. But the staff was nice, the location was great, and the rooms were clean, including daily service. I would reccomend for sure!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a nice little place We stayed at the Aprile for a week in June 2004, loved it. The advice on this site prompted us to request a room at the back, away from the street, which made a big difference. Our room was quite large, the bed was comfortable, the staff was helpful, and breakfast was a treat.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed My family and I stayed at the Aprile in April 2004 during Holy Week. We booked two rooms, one of which was awesome. It was large with a great view of the garden and the cathedral next door. It also had a spacious bathroom. The other room we were initially assigned to was small and smelled of pesticide. They quickly accommodated us and set us up in a room on the first floor (more like the basement). It was an even larger room with a nice bathroom, but it faced the street. Therefore, there was some noise in the morning, but nothing too bad. The trash bins were outside of our room - which could have posed a problem, but since it was cold out there wasn't a problem with any odors. The concierge was extremely helpful with getting us reservations to see David, which allowed us to walk on in instead of standing in a lengthy line. The breakfast was standard, but enjoyable. On our return to Florence from Venice, we stayed at the Aprile's apartments across the street. This was much nicer, because it allowed for more privacy, it had a kitchen, and it was much more reasonable than paying for 2 hotel rooms. It was still under construction at the time, so there were only a few people around (which was fine with me). The hotel is conveniently located by the train station, which makes it easy to get to other cities.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I spent a week at the Aprile in december and we absolutely loved it. A hotel of real charm, our room was spacious, nicely furnished and spotlessly clean. Great location. But what made the difference was the warm service. The staff were always pleasant and helpful. Not to mention Alexandra鈥檚 evening talks of history and art in Florence. I would certainly stay there again and reccomend it to our friends.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kvandor
<Content>Clean and comfortable The Hotel Aprile is clean, comfortable and centrally located. The staff speaks English and are polite. The continental breakfast was ample and, if the weather is nice, the garden makes a lovely spot to enjoy it. We stayed there on two different nights and so had two different rooms. The first room was spacious and beautiful while the second was on the small side. Try to avoid the smaller room that we had - Room 29. Its a great place to stay if you are riding the rails since the train station is close by. Overall, we had a positive experience there and would recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Make sure you ask for a room off the street! Make sure ask for a room off from the main street...or else you should expect to get very little sleep. The area is kind of seedy so there are people yelling outside until about 3:00 AM. After that, the big trucks start roaring down the street, and the all day traffic starts at about 6:00 AM. I emphasize - NO SLEEP!!!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel in the centre of Florence Very nice boutique style hotel in a centrally located part of town. Five minutes walk to rail station so good place to stay if arriving by train. We had a really nice, very large room on the ground floor. The room had two bathrooms, i.e. one large bathroom with a vanity, toilet and bidet, and the other with the shower and vanity. The bed was huge with a four poster and drapes, very lovely. The hotel is in a very old building, which is very quaint. The breakfast was basic but served either in the nice courtyard or in the two internal dining rooms which had beautiful painted ceilings, felt like you were really in Italy.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Maggie524
<Content>Delightful Stay at the Aprile We stayed here with a group of friends for three nights in September. We really enjoyed the Aprile as if it were our home. We had lovely breakfasts in the garden; they even made me iced tea every morning! The staff made reservations for us at a restaurant which had lovely outdoor seating, and we went back a second night. We loved the convenient location, an easy walk to almost everywhere!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Our stay at the Aprile What a delightful hotel!! I stayed at the Aprile recently with my family and we felt right at home. Our rooms are overlooked the courtyard so we slept wonderfully and the marble bathroom were a real touch of luxury! Staff were kind and very helpful. I would highly reccomend it.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>magpie#9
<Content>Not worth the money you save First, this hotel is in a bad section of Florence. While only a 10 minute walk from the main attractions, you have to pass by a sleazy plaza filled with men drinking. Then, we could feel the bed springs poking our backs in the first room we were given. We asked for another room which they weren't too happy to do. The second room had slightly better beds yet it was right on the street so we heard every bus, scooter, and car pass by. Luckily, the street noise was drowned out by the sound of the room's air conditioner so we had it on constantly throughout the night so we could sleep. The staff was not very friendly and the hard bread for breakfast just did not cut it.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2004
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Look elsewhere... Very disappointing hotel for the $$$. We had stayed the previous weekend at the Hotel Plaza Lucchesi for 30Euros less  there was NO comparison! The location is rundown  our room was as well. The bathroom was tiny  cramped...thank goodnes it was only one night's stay!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wonderlust26
<Content>Forget about it... This hotel is in a terrible location next to a rather seedy Piazza. Our room was large, clean and quiet, but I don't think I've ever seen a smaller bathroom. The air conditioning wasn't functioning, and when we asked the night clerk to come up after we'd requested it be checked before we left for dinner, he refused. (he later came up, but was quite put out). Rather than move to another hotel, we threw open the windows and it did cool down. The week prior we stayed, for 30 less Euros, at the Plaza Lucchesi, which was a hugely pleasant surprise. And don't get me started on the breakfast.....  
<Date>Sep 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Guruswife
<Content>Good hotel centrally located We stayed for 3 nights in early August. Our 2 rooms were clean, well maintained and the staff friendly and helpful. Our streetfront rooms were a little noisy but closing the outer shetters, windows and inner shutters solved the problem.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Beautiful Florentine Hotel We stayed in this beautiful, intimate hotel for 7 nights and were utterly charmed by the experience. The atmosphere was relaxed but stimulating for appreciating the overwhelming beauty of Florence; a city brim full of amazing art and architecture. We loved the talk offered by the hotel on Florentine art and history. The hotel staff were friendly and efficient. Our room, although not large, had a fantastic view of Santa Maria Novella. We can't wait to go back for another stay.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pelin
<Content>excellent..! we stayed 2 nigths in aprile..we had very nice room and view..the stuff were very helpful and educated..they know everyting about the city..aprile is located in the heart of florence..u are close to every historical places...rooms are very clean and big..with reasonable price..higly recommended..!  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>hopfam
<Content>Stay here! The Hotel Aprile was a wonderful place. Great staff, great breakfast (the BEST table service I had on my two-week trip to Italy and it was included with the room). BEWARE: The rooms facing the street are VERY noisy, just as reported by others. Request a room away from the street. The hotel was two blocks from the main train station (S.M.N.) and very convenient to all the sights. Would stay here again but in a different room.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel This was a lovely hotel, we stayed one night but would have liked to stay longer. We were able to walk to many of the attractions from the hotel and the staff were all so friendly and helpful. We were given a lovely room at the back of the hotel away from the road and it was nice and quiet not to mention nice views.   
<Date>May 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Giulia303
<Content>Florence's hidden treasure We stayed at the Aprile in March of last year, and loved it! Our second floor room, situated towards the back of the hotel overlooking the courtyard, was quiet, large and elegantly furnished, with a comfortable king sized bed, an antique armoire, and a roomy, spotless bathroom. Imagine waking from an afternoon nap to the soft pealing of the bells at Santa Maria Novella, visible from our window. The breakfast room is lovely, with original ceiling frescoes. Staff was extremely helpful, helping us make hotel arrangements for a sidetrip to Rome. Because we took advantage of a special offer (stay for 3 nights, pay for 2), this was the best hotel deal we had in all of Italy! The only regret I have is missing the free Monday night lecture on Florentine art. Next time, most definitely! Highly recommended!   
<Date>May 6, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not bad - but very noisy I also must emphasize that the street side (front side) hotel rooms are insanely noisy as was noted by another writer. Personally, when I'm on vacation, I'd prefer not having to stick in earplugs - and to be honest, even then I could hear traffic. The main problem is that it can be SO quiet for say 30 seconds when a scooter or car comes rolling down at an increasingly amplified level due to the echo chamber the narrow road/buildings create. We requested to be moved (to which they weren't especially pleased about) and once that was done it was heaven on earth. With rooms on the other side, you get a view of the Tuscan hills, church and quiet neighbourhoods - complete night and day when compared to the other side. Also, there are no room safes in this hotel if that is important to you.The location is very good and the room fridge allows ample space to put your own drinks or food.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great, Great,Great Great hotel,very,very clean.Location was close to everthing.The staft was very helpfull.We are going back to florence next year and we will stay at the APRILE.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Aprile Worth the Trip I just completed a four night stay at the Hotel Aprile, based on Tripadvisor recommendations. First let me say that the Hotel staff was more than helpful and friendly. They helped me plan much of our daily activities in and around Florence. Also, the availability of internet access for 5 Euros an hour was a real plus, allowing us to send emails back home, check weather for the days travels, and verify local train times. The daily continental breakfast was great. The room was large, and the bathroom was modern. The location of the hotel near the train station and close to the Domo and other points of interest is also a huge advantage. The only bad thing that I can say about this great 3 star hotel is that the rooms on the main street are noisy, even up on the 4th floor we got street noise all night long. There is a lot on noise on Friday and Sunday night into the wee hours (like 4 AM). But, thanks to Tripadvisor, we were prepared with ear plugs and made it through the night without a problem. A request for a room in the back of the hotel for light sleepers is a must. There a loads of great places to eat nearby, and you can trust the hotel鈥檚 recommendations. My daughter really enjoyed her visit to the L'officina Farmaceutica di Santa Maria Novella (16 Via della Scala - just a few doors down from the hotel towards the train station), which is one of the oldest stores of its type in the world. Hotel Aprile is a great hotel at a value price for Florence. We would stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Torrie6
<Content>one of the nicer italian 3 star hotels we stayed at and reasonable price   showReview(1804568, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kosdak
<Content>I cannot wait to go back here!   showReview(1763416, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Aprile is more than you could ask for   showReview(1715741, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Perfect!   showReview(1531386, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Johnny_ozflyer
<Content>Loved the Aprile   showReview(1427298, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2003
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't judge Aprile from the outside   showReview(1399550, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 20, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Aprile   showReview(1343626, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Aplile Rules!   showReview(1228951, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic hotel full of character   showReview(1226812, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a charmer!   showReview(820841, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 5, 2002
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>MOLHE
<Content>sans plus   showReview(20941612, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>CHICHOBarcelona
<Content>Hotel antiguo bien renovado   showReview(19915812, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Margaux-Paris
<Content>Bon h么tel, bien situ茅       vue depuis notre chambre  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂嫥銈併仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19171145, 'full');   
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>franber
<Content>ancien palais renaissance   showReview(13838904, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hemos disfrutado muchisimo en...   showReview(13929990, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Les locaux sont exceptionnels...   showReview(11338250, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reisefee
<Content>Was f眉r ein wundersch枚ner Ort!   showReview(8133413, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Das ist ein sehr angenehmes...   showReview(11338249, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel propre avec un personnel...   showReview(11338251, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour tr猫s agr茅able et...   showReview(11338252, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buona la posizione...   showReview(11338253, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel admirablement situ茅, tr猫s...   showReview(11338254, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

