<Author>Gemst0ne
<Content>Good hotel, would recommend We stayed at the Diagonal Mar in September. Very friendly staff, clean and comfortable room. We ate in the main restaurant on our first night due to late arrival and although staff were friendly and the food was fine, I wouldn't recommend it as it was standard hotel buffet style and very little atmosphere. The hotel is some way out of town but cabs are easy to find as its on a main road. The Barcelona tourist bus also stops 200m down the road from the hotel. The main reason I chose this hotel over others was the pool. The pool area is nice with huge sun plaza and nice pool bar/cafe. The pool itself is pretty small but there were very few people about so we had it to ourselves most of the time. Would definitely recommend this hotel for a short break.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>mindoslu
<Content>Great hotel in Barcelona We were Barcelona in July 2008 for a week, with our 8 and 12 years old sons. We stayed at Hilton Diagonal Mar. We had 2 rooms on the executive floor.The rooms were little bit on the small side, but very comfortable with modern furniture. As a matter of fact the Hilton Honors agent alerted us that's why we booked two rooms. Normally in U.S we can still fit in a two double bed room with our boys. The hotel was located in the Diagonal Mar district, which is a newly developing area on the northern side of the city along the water. There's an access to the beach couple blocks away from the hotel if you walk over the bridge/ walkway crossing the highway. We used the executive lounge for our breakfasts and evening drinks and tapas before going out to dinner. The staff was extremely polite and helpful.They were almost apologetic to warn us for the closing times.Just across the street from the hotel is the last stop for the Bus Touristic. It is the best way to see the city and get oriented. We took it 2days in a row. We saw almost all the important neighborhoods and touristic highlights being on the bus, and hopping on and off and listening to audio tour. My kids learned so much about the architecture and history of Barcelona they started their own trivia game. There's also a big mall just across the street that you can find some Spanish brands and shop for necessities.There are couple generic restaurants on the patio of the mall too. You can have a bite if you have to. The best feature was the swimming pool. We were getting tired after visiting couple attractions or museums, we were spending the afternoons lounging by the pool and soaking the mediterranean sun. We had a very relaxing vacation and left Barcelona with a very good feeling.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MikEEE050
<Content>Great hotel I stayed at the Hilton with my family. The only problem we had was that we booked two adjoining rooms but we were given two separate ones on the same floor because the hotel was booked. We stay on one of the concierge floors which gives you access to the concierge lounge. The lounge offers complementary traditional spanish breakfast in the morning and snacks throughout the day. Also bottled water, soda, and Spanish beers were complementary. The lounge has a large patio which has a gorgeous view of Barcelona. The rooms were very clean; the hotel seemed very new. The pool was clean and modern and I believe there may have been a lifeguard.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	3	5	5	

<Author>TampaExecutive
<Content>Wonderful Stay for our Honeymoon! I utilized my Hilton Honors points to stay at the Diagonal Mar for my honeymoon in May 2008. As a diamond member, the hotel provided me with a room on one of the executive levels. My wife and I were VERY happy with the executive lounge. We had a continental breakfast every morning and the lounge was open for cocktails and light appetizers in the evening. The lounge has a great view of the city. The rooms were not very large, but they were clean and well appointed in a modern style. We were greated by the Hilton with desserts and champagne in recognition of our honeymoon stay. The hotel is located just two blocks from the metro station. We just walked straight through the adjacent mall to get there. We felt safe walking there during all hours of the day and night. Although the hotel isn't located in the heart of the city, we didn't find it an inconvenience as the metro is fast and very easy to navigate. It didn't take long at all to get to our desired locations. It took me a year to acquire the points needed to stay there and it was well worth it for me. We were able to take a cruise right out of the Barcelona port.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>alzo
<Content>very quiet but very nice stayed for two nights metro station 5 minutes walk ,beech 5 minutes walk for me a nice location ,hotel quite large stayed on exec floor very good value drinks food ect the rest of the hotel is very quiet ,staff very good all in all i would return no problem  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>newkie5000
<Content>Hidden Charges; No free wi-fi While the room looked well I was extremely disappointed to discover internet access was not included. This was exacerbated by the fact the room description said, high speed internet. When I pointed this out to the staff they said something to the effect that it says you have a tv, but that you still have to pay for movies. It cost an extra 鈧?20 to have internet access the 5 nights I was there.In addition, there is no tea or coffee making service in the room. Newspaper is not delivered to the door. A minibar beer is 鈧?. A roomservice hamburger is 鈧?5.For me I don't care about the fancy sink or a wood paneling. I found the extra charges I was paying atop a premium rate annoying. Having stayed in many business hotels, I would not recommend this hotel as they do not cater for you. If you are a tourist, find somewhere closer to downtown unless you plan to eat in the food court every night or can afford 鈧?5 burgers.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	2	4	2	4	1	

<Author>scruffty
<Content>Enjoyed My Stay Stayed here for 5 nights in November as I was attending a conference next door at the CCIB.If you are to ever stay at a Hilton, join the HHonours club as it is free and you get little upgrades which are handy.The check-in was quick and easy. The chap who booked us in spoke excellent English and was very polite. He even turned someone away who pushed infront of us! I liked that :)The room I had was very nice on the 12th floor. It had two single beds (fine as I was a lone traveller) and flat screen TV and a view of the port / sea. Don't be fooled by the photographs on the Hilton website - the hotel is a fair few metres form the beach...there is a big road to get past first!The bathroom was big and clean with nice towels, two dressing gowns and slippers. One thing that did put me off was someone had graffitied the word DEATH on the architrave in the bathroom. This kind of shocked me when I noticed it at 1 in the morning after a few beers! Hilton - please sort this!!!!On one day the hotel lost all water / water pressure, which meant I had an awkward shower! The hotel did apologise with a letter and box of chocolates which as okWorst thing about the hotel is the prices. 24 Euro for breakfast is a con, 27 Euro for internet access (which was rubbish) and 7 Euro for a beer. Extortion! The shopping center across the road is really good, loads of restaurants and shops - enough to please everyone.All in all a good hotel - I'd definitely come back, but not to pay for breakfast or use the internet!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>parisoh
<Content>Excellent for Family with Small Children We would highly reccomend this hotel for families with small children. One of the reasons we booked the hotel was for its pool which we confirmed was open in late October. However, when we arrived we were told it was already closed for the year. The manager personally contacted us, look for alternatives nearby and upgraded us to the executive lounge, gave us free breakfest, etc. I was very satisfied with the management response. The beach is located very nearby and less than a 5 minutes walk. We enjoyed the beach very much. Easy 10 minute metro ride to all sites in the city.The staff was excellent and very nice to our two young children. Great reccomendations from staff on where to eat.Breakfest was very good and one of the better hilton breakfests we have been at in Europe.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>novaguy30
<Content>It was okay We stayed for 6 nights on an award stay in early October. Something was just missing. I stayed at the Conrad Dublin in the recent past and it beat this hotel by a MILLION times. Anyway, the staff seemed generally nice but very mediocre and not necessarily competent. We were upgraded to one of the executive floors as a Diamond Hilton member. You don't get a better room for that...you just get access to the lounge. The lounge was a good deal b/c there was a pretty good supply of alcohol but the food (breakfast and evening tapas got old quick -- and if that previous poster is correct that they seriously cut back on these in the past two weeks, this is a total bust). The hotel room was nice but small. I liked the hardwood floors and the modern look. Some of the minuses: Front desk refused to break change for two 50EU bills we had (only asked for 20's and 10's) b/c there were two NBA teams coming in later that night!!! Wow, thanks a bunch for your customer service. Whatever. I also didn't like coming in at night and not seeing ANYONE working in the lobby (they were somewhere in the back) and they also turn off almost all of the lights!!! Heck, doesn't Motel 6 leave the light on? So much for security. Of course they left the lights on the night the NBA teams showed up. Hmpf. There was no free internet access, which I would think they would at least provide for Hilton Honors members (Conrad Dublin does it for EVERYONE!). Luckily, I planned most of the trip beforehand, so I didnt need to find info. on the net. Anyway, the hotel was okay but something was just missing. I wouldn't spend the $ they ask for, and I'd even reconsider spending the Hilton points I used for this hotel. It really is a 3 1/2 star hotel.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	2	2	1	

<Author>soojay
<Content>Diagonal Mar, beyond par! Great Hotel -not exactly near the beach, as there are buildings and a main road in front, but great sea views from hotelWe went for a long weekend - found staff to be excellent and very friendly, room [executive] comfortable, very clean and high standard -robe and slippers etc provided-and the executive floor extras were wonderful- we dined well with full english breakfast, and local delicacies. and could have been permanently drunk and full to bursting with what they provided all day included in the price!! It is difficult to drag yourself away from the place -it is very relaxing.Restaurants in Hotel lovely, and across the road, shopping mall with lots of eating places too -only draw back was it was a way out from the centre, so we used readily available taxis quite a lot to get to las ramblas area.Went to see Barcelona play- very enjoyable.Barcelona is a lovely place to visit -you should go, and I would highly recommend a top class stay at the Hilton Diagonal mar!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lendeitch
<Content>Wonderful service ,Nice Hotel I was worried as the hotel was out of the main city but the it only took a few minutes to reach the center of town on the metro (which was frequent and easy to use ) the only reason it took so long to get into town was that we couldnt help looking at the shops in the wonderful shopping center we had to walk through on the way to the station .The service was wonderful .Russel the concierge was very friendly and full of useful information .The front desk were helpful and made you feel welcome  The breakfast was very good nothing missing ,it all looked very appetising , they do not advertise but you can order omlettes etc from the kitchen if you want and the tables are being cleaned all the time and all the staff were smiling and friendly  We didnt eat in the hotel as you have so many restaurants to choose from over the road and some days we stayed in town  Even when we went to check out and there had been a misunderstanding on our booking (from the front desk )and we were locked out of our room and when they opened it the room had not been done for our last night every one was so nice we didnt complain . I would recommend this hotel to friends and family  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sharpeyMarlow
<Content>A1. And lovely walk into town along beach front. Barcelona for grown ups       View from drinks terrace  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hbush
<Content>Executive Lounge bad now under "New Policy" Diagonal Mar used to be nice hotel with good service quality and nice Executive Lounge... I stayed there recently during private trip, at Executive room Oct.25-30, 2008. Room was pre-paid using AmEx Gold card. One of main reasons for me to choose this hotel was my own good experience during my stay there in August, 2008, and good reports from other travellers. Unfortunately things have changed dramatically during last few days of October, 2008 and seems that good times at Diagonal are over forever.Hilton Diagonal had nice Executive Lounge policy regarding beverages - a good choice of different drinks were available during most part of the day in the lounge, from noon until 11pm. BEWARE! this unfortunately has changed as of October 29, 2008, without any previous warning even for current guests. They still offer some drinks free in Executive Lounge but now only during 6pm - 8:30pm and the choice has significantly decreased. Food quality in the lounge has also deteriorated. Breakfest quality has become almost non-existant now - not a single hot item anymore, no bacon, no eggs, no sausages, nothing. That's in Executive Lounge, folks! It costs some real money! Even simple bread and butter were in short supply Oct.30, 2008 in the morning. Thanks God it was my last breakfest at Diagonal.I was told by Manager Merche Aragones that this is their new policy. Seemed to me that she was not capable (or not willing) to understand that sudden cancellation or significant worsening of pre-paid services is A Bad Thing.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>travellingstarUk
<Content>wonderful Hilton Diagonal Mar Barcelona I stayed six nights on vacation. New hotel, very chic, lovely spacious room. Helpful staff, plenty that speak English. Hotel breakfast was great, mainly buffet but with loads of hot and cold food. The hotel has a pool and sun deck, the beach is one block away and across a road. The city centre is an easy bus, metro or tram ride. Area felt safe and fairly quiet. If you want to eat outside of the hotel, there is a choice of restaurants across the road (inside and outside eateries) in very pleasant shopping mall. The mall has all types of shops, a cinema and a supermarket.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>adist4fa
<Content>Deceitful Hilton in Barcelona from Front Desk up to Hotel Manager On arrival, we were informed that someone had changed our reservation in their system from a King Executive with breakfast to Standard Room and that the best they could do was give us a smoking King Executive. Well, I am 7 months pregnant! Informed them that this substitution was unacceptable. After 20 minutes of discussion, they finally offered us an upgrade to a Relaxation Room which is 50 Euros less per night relative to the King Executive Room. The front desk initally refused to print out a statement showing no additional charges and room type they provided us. After escalating the matter, I was finally given a print out. Lucky me, because upon return I contacted Expedia for a refund on the price difference and Hilton customer service in the US and hotel management at Diagonal Mar (front desk to hotel Manager, Ignacio Rodriguez) insisted that we were given the King Executive room. Without evidence that the staff at Diagonal Mar had been less than honest, Expedia would have refused to pursue our claim and informed me as much. Actually, I am not thrilled with either Expedia or Hilton and expect better service from both. On the positive side, the room was comfortable and had a nice view.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MissedConnections
<Content>Very Luxurious I stayed here for two days and wished I could have stolen more than just a pair of slippers. The bed was the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. I'm still longing for that bed. The executive lounge on the 15th floor was fantastic, with an open bar practically all day. I could have used a little more variety in the afternoon snacks, however - it was all desserts. Internet access is atrociously expensive but I found that to be true at every European hotel I stayed at. I guess I'm just used to it being free in U.S. hotels. The staff was very polite and the location is okay - right across the street from a huge mall and about a five minute walk from a Metro stop. All amenities were great. Very comfortable, very relaxing atmosphere.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>JohnTucson
<Content>Solid business class hotel, okay for tourists I stayed at this hotel on business including use of one of the meeting rooms. The service was excellent, consistent with what one would expect from a first class busiess hotel. The rooms are modern and cofortable, many with a view of the Mediteranean. Consistent with most European hotels WiFi internet access is available but expensive.The hotel offers a very nice buffet breakfast and the restaurant has a small outside balcoy.The hotel is less than a block from the beach, with a major road in between. Beach access is an easy 5 minute walk.A large shopping mall is directly across the street and metro and streetcar access is just over a block away. Barcelona has an extensive metro which provides convenient access to most tourist sites. The fare is 1.30e for one ticket or a ten use ticket, which can be used for several people, is 6.70e.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tamstrat
<Content>Beautiful hotel This is a very lovely hotel in Barcelona. It was truly one of the nicest hotel rooms I have ever stayed in, and I have traveled all over the world. The room was spotlessly clean with beautiful hardwood floors and very contemporary, modern furniture including flat screen tv's etc. This is not some outdated hotel. My husband is a Hilton rewards member so we were able to go to the executive lounge for drinks, tapas, snacks and it was delicious and well presented. We did not eat in the restaurant there, choosing to go to a restaurant across the street in the mall so I cannot comment on the food served other than in the executive lounge. We did have drinks in the lobby bar and that was great. Everyone we spoke to were very nice and helpful and spoke great English which was helpful. We only stayed 1 night as we were on layover from a cruise, so we didn't have a chance to explore much of Barcelona, but I could tell this was a little off the beaten track, not right in the heart of things, but there was a nice mall right across the street with several restaurants that was nice. I would love to return to Barcelona someday and explore it further, and I would not hesitate to stay at this wonderful hotel.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>VOVA
<Content>Loved this hotel We stayed in this Hotel for 6 nights mid August. We had a lovelyspacious room and were delighted to discover, on our arrival, that our rate included breakfast.We had our 7 year old son with us so the roof top pool was great.The hotel is a little outside of the City but the metro is so close by.The tram just down the road takes you right outside the entrance to the zoo (last stop). We went by train to Sitges for the day - a beautiful seaside town which we really enjoyed.Across the road from the Hotel is a very large Shopping Centre.Top floor dedicated to Restaurants with something for everyone.Hotel staff very helpful and friendly. We had a lovely time here and will be back.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Jenjenf
<Content>Great Hilton in a great location       room on executive level  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HeavyTravel
<Content>Exellent stay We stayed in this exellent Hilton for one week in August. We have been there before, so Maribel at the front desk gave us a very warm welcome back and she was happy to tell us that we were upgraded to executive floor. So we went upstairs to Marie and Jean Baptiste who treated us with gentle service all week.Our rooms were well appointed and adjacent to each other, and that was very convienient since we need to keep in contact during the day. Housekeeping was exellent and rooms were kept clean and tidy.The poolarea is beatifull and complimentary pooltowels and sunbeds are provided from early morning. We had our lunch at the Brisa pool restaurant. The chefs were cooking outside and the barbecue menue was really tasteful.We had our daily breakfast in the restaurant with the great buffet supplied with special orders from the kitchen like omelets and coffees (latte macciato from the waiter Pablo). The F  B Manager Antonio knows how to treat guests and make them feel special. Antonio is the kind of employee every General manager want to hire, because his jobperformance is absolutely outstanding from a guest's point of view.We would like to return to Hilton Diagonal Mar as soon as possible.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MMeRR
<Content>Not Bad but nothing special The hotel is located in the Avenida Diagonal at approximately 3 km from the city center but and they do not have a shuttle service.The closest underground station is at 1 km from the hotel.As I said overall the hotel has nothing special, rooms are a bit old but cleaned as the hotel in general. Hilton Breakfast is very good. The Hotel Staff is not particularly warm and do not smile often.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>jojo0064
<Content>Great Hotel Spent 5 nights at this hotel 24th to 29th August. All staff very friendly and welcoming. Room on 11th floor spacious and comfortable and you get a dressing gown each. Hadnt thought we got breakfast in the deal we got but on arrival found we did and this was definitely a highlight! Lots to choose from and kept you full up all day.On arrival at the Airport bought a T10 ticket which gives you 10 journeys and can be used by 2 people, you dont need one each! Caught the overground train to Estacia de Franco where the line finishes anyway. A short walk round the corner from the station takes you to the Metro and you can then get a single tube train to El Maresme Forum which is about a 400m walk from the Hilton Hotel.Trains very clean and very efficient.We bought a two day ticket for the open top bus tour at 26 euros each.This was a great way to see all the sights.There are 3 different bus routes so you have to get off the bus to change routes but there werent huge queues.The Hotel is close to the beach and in the mornings we jogged along the beach front with many other joggers and it takes you all the way along the 5 seperated beaches.Hotel pool area and gym very nice indeedHotel was full of both tourists and also quite a lot of business people on some bonding team event but this meant the pool area during the daytime was quiet and relaxing.All in all a lovely stay, being outside the main hustle and bustle of the town centre was ideal.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>all_the_adrains
<Content>Fantastic for Families       Hotel Lobby  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TravlFam
<Content>wonderful stay at the Hilton Diagonal Mar We arrived at the Hilton the day before our cruise. Unfortunately, our luggage didn't make our connecting flight. The Hilton staff couldn't have been more helpful with phoning the luggage delivery service, the port and guiding us to stores where we could purchase some supplies in case our luggage was missing for the week. The large, and beautiful mall across the street had the everything we needed and the hotel even called a sports store there to check to see if they had an item our 16 year old son needed. The service was just phenomenal.The hotel is just a long block or so to the beach. Beautiful place to relax. There is also a wonderful park just up the street with art work and a pond. The hotel itself was modern and in good shape. We arrived on the early side and they gave us a complimentary drink until our room was ready. Our deluxe room was well-sized and had great views of the sea and the city. There was plenty of room for the 3 of us. Only complaint was that the carpeting looked a little frayed where it met the hardwood floor entrance. No big deal but I suppose I should complain about something.In the morning we wanted coffee and a light breakfast. We ended up in the Breakfast room which served a hefty and pricey breakfast. (The dollar couldn't have been lower compared to the Euro.) I explained that I only wanted coffee and we would have our son eat. The manager insisted that we all eat and he would only charge for 2. In the end the Manager waived all costs. They were so nice and my son and husband loved their breakfasts!All-in-all we'd stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>irishrover
<Content>One of the best hotels I have stayed in I tend not to stay more than one or two nights in any one hotel. I only use hotels if I am on the move or staying for a short break. Otherise I prefer self-catering. So if the hotel has a flaw - noisy, bad beds, not clean - I don't have to put up with it for too long. On this occasion I stayed five nights at the Hilton Diagonal Mar and loved every minute of it. I have stayed at a number of Hiltons, many of which are not of great standard, but the standard of this hotel is very high indeed.Rooms - big, clean, with silent air-conditioning. The hotel goes up to 23 floors, but mercifully our room was on the 9th with a lovely sea view. Staff - As befits the hotel chain of the english-speaking peoples, all the staff spoke english. Everyone was very pleasant and efficient.Restaurant - We ate in the restaurant one night on the terrace and it was a good experience, although the portions are pretentiously small. The crema catalana is recommended. As always, the food and drink in the Hilton hotel is overpriced, but there is plenty of choice round about.Pool - the pool area is wonderful. The pool is not large, but there were never many people in it so it did not feel crowded. Plenty of comfortable loungers and seating and good bar facilities. Location - despite the fact that it is out of the centre, I liked the location. It is quiet and well laid out. There is a very large shopping centre directly across the road with a whole level devoted to eating so plenty of choice for meals - including McDonalds for those with difficult to please children. There are also some smaller restaurants, bars and cafes in the surrounding area. The shopping centre has a large supermarket downstairs, which is handy to know. The beach is only a few minutes walk away. The metro is easily reached and takes only about 15 minutes to reach Passeig de Gracia. Also plenty of taxis available outside the hotel all day long. We took a taxi to Park Guell for about 8 euros.Another great feature of the hotel was the other guests. A really great mix of considerate, friendly and (dare I say it) unrowdy people, including many families with amazingly well-behaved children. This all contributed to making the experience so enjoyable.The only complaint is that there is not tea or coffee making facilities - but when I asked for a kettle one was brought rightaway.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>MelroseSeven
<Content>Very enjoyable stay Just returned from a very enjoyable 5 day (4 nights) break at the Hilton Diagonal Mar with my partner and her 18 year old daughterEfficient and very friendly service, very comfortable inter-connecting rooms on the 7th floor 鈥?excellent gym and pool area 鈥?returning to the pool each evening after a day walking around the city was very enjoyable. Good location out on the fringe of the city 鈥?the area is well served by bus, metro or tram all within a short walk of the hotel 鈥?there is also a taxi rank directly opposite the hotel.Very large shopping complex across the road with an assortment of cafes and bars 鈥?most of the eateries here though are very average (and the service desultory at best) apart from the pescado which we found to be quite good.We particularly enjoyed returning to the hotel lobby late at night for a pot of tea and a nightcap or two before hauling ourselves off to bed 鈥?they must have had only one teapot in the lobby bar with no lid although they did do their best (much to our amusement) to improvise using drink coasters, saucers etc 鈥?on our fourth and final night the barman rummaged around and triumphantly found the missing lid (rather spoiling our fun).Late check out was arranged for us at no extra charge 鈥?all of the staff without exception seemed to take a pride in creating a welcoming and friendly atmosphere.One word of warning (and something the concierge mentioned to us) 鈥?be careful when out and about 鈥?we caught a pick-pocket brazenly plying his trade in the check in queues at the airport 鈥?although Barcelona is a great city to wander around you do need to exercise a bit of street sense and be careful with your wallet, passport, phone, camera etc  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>apvac
<Content>Excellent experience This is a new Hilton, at the east end of the Diagonal (there is an older Hilton at the west end).It is near the sea, just in front of the large shopping center Diagonal Mar (many restaurants, cinemas etc.).The hotel is a modern tower (23 floors).Well, it is a modern Hilton and everything is expected to be up to the name of the chain.I was particularly lucky to be in a corner room on an executive floor (21st).Since the hotel is at the east end of diagonal and I had the view to the town, I really could overview the whole city, see the Agbar tower, the Sagrada Familia, the Mapfre and Arts towers, the sea etc.Anyway the room was very large, with a large bathroom.Everything perfect.There is underground parking with direct access via elevator to the lobby.There are taxis just in front of the hotel and they take just a few euros for any destination in the town.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Niquaa
<Content>You won't be disappointed! From the minute I arrived until the minute I left I received superior service from the staff at this hotel. I travel 80% of the time for business, stay at any number of Hilton and Hilton family hotels every year, and can honestly say this is the best I have ever been treated at any hotel.My stay was booked on hotel points, and like other reviewers I was given the upgrade to the Executive floor. As a veteran of many Executive lounges in the US I can tell you that my expectations weren't set too high, but they were easily exceeded and then some. Breakfast, drinks  tapas certainly helped to make this a very affordable stop on my tour of Spain! The staff were friendly and courteous, and genuinely helpful with directions and advice on how to get the most out of my stay.Imagine rounding the corner from the elevator to an enthusiastic personal greeting from Patrick, your concierge, and being directed to take your pick of any table and oh yes - what's your drink of choice? If it's not too hot head outside to enjoy the view of both sea  city, and wait for Patrick to do all the work checking you in!Once you can tear yourself away, head to your room to revel in it's modern appointments - if you need it and it's not already there just pick up the phone and I'm sure they'll get it for you.The housekeeping was respectful and attentive - I especially enjoyed the turn down service  little card with the next day's weather forcast - a nice touch! On my last day I left my luggage at the hotel while touring around before a late flight out, and when I arrived back at the hotel wilted from the summer heat I headed to the fitness center to freshen up. The housekeeper working in that area set me up to have a shower  change with as much comfort as possible in the somewhat cramped locker room - it was clear she just wanted me to be happy!I enjoyed the pool  lounge area - including an ice-cold towel at the exact moment when I thought I could not stand the heat for another second - how did they do that?! I didn't take advantage of the spa services, although they were certainly tempting. Although initially concerned that the location was a bit out of the way, it was no problem at all thanks to the bus touristic and metro across the street. It was great to be able to amble over to the beach as easily as hop on a train to the center of the action - love having a choice! The shopping center across the street offers good options to the somewhat pricey on-site dining options, if you can't be bothered to venture into the heart of town for some turly divine cuisine.I thoroughly enjoyed my stay at this property and would happily recommend it as a nice little refuge from the hustle  bustle of Barcelona! If you're booking your stay on points you will receive much more bang for your buck, so to speak, than using the same number of points at properties in the US. Enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Trave11er78
<Content>Amazing Hotel Stayed 4 nights in August 2008 and had a really good experience. Got a really good rate direct which was less than half the rack rate and although it said it did not include breakfast I was told that it did when we arrived. The rooms are very large and come as they are shown on the website. Request a high floor as we stayed on the 18th floor and the view was amazing. The hotel is less than 3 years old and so everything is still new and is much better than the other Hilton in Barcelona which is much older. The front desk were very helpful and as you would expect all spoke perfect English. They were happy to help and no request was too much trouble. The gym is small but well equipped and the pool is very nice to relax in.The location is away from the main centre of the city but this is very much in its favour as Barcelona is not too big and there is a metro station (El Maresme Forum) 5 mins away through the large shopping centre opposite the hotel. It is also on the tram route. There is also a nice beach nearby and the location is very peaceful and safe. I have not stayed in the centre but from going round there at night it is probably very busy.There is a large supermarket in the shopping centre which is very convenient as drinks are very pricey in the Hilton although they do supply you with 2 bottles of free water everyday.The open topped tourist buses also stop opposite the hotel and they are worth the 20 euros for a day ticket. They are a good way to get your bearings of were the sights are and we actually got to use a lot of the vouchers they give you with your ticket. So it is better to use this bus early in your stay. The Hotel is on the green route which is the shortest of the tourist bus routes but you can switch to the red and blue routes which cover all the sights. It is worth going on all three routes in one day then going back to the sights you really want to spend time at. You'll definitely want to visit the Sagrada Familia, try to get there reasonably early as it does get busy and definitely go up in the lift the views you get of Barcelona and the details of the building are easily worth the money. The spiral stair case on the way down is a sight to behold but you can get the lift if you are scared of heights. After this Gaudi's Casa Batillo on the Passieg de Garcia was the most memorable sight we visited and well worth putting aside an afternoon for.There are lots of places to eat in Barcelona just be aware some close in August and most will close either Sunday or Monday as well.I would recommend Can Paxiano, Carrer de la Reina Cristina, if you need a snack and are near Barceloneta. There is no sign and it is surrounded by electronic stores but the atmosphere is busy and always full of tourists an locals alike. Just fight your way to the bar and order two glasses of the rose cava and a bocadilllo or tapas and that will keep you going for a while, the pork, ham and liver pate bocadillo was amazing (lomo, foie y york) worth the trip alone.Barcelona was an amazing place and probably needs a full week to do it justice and we would definitely go back and stay at the Hilton Diagonal Mar.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LondonParisPeckham
<Content>Decent Hotel Very nice hotel.Modern and comfortable, sits at the end of Avenida Diagonal on the Barcelona seafront 5 minutes walk away from the beach (not the best beach in the Med but its ok). Also opposite a 3 floor shopping centre that seem's to cater for most shopping need's (a bit upscale - none of the usual cheap Spanish leather goods).Its done out in the usual Hilton style, comfortable beds, a bit minimalist but it all works ok. Nice pool, albeit with plenty of kids running round (one of them was mine) which I know can be annoying if you're on business. Also the pool gets shaded by some surrounding office blocks early in the morning. There's a gym and a business centre and a nice lounge as well.Food and bars are expensive as you would expect in a 5 star hotel in Europe - watch out especially for the bottled water - I think I spent circa 60 euro's on it in four days!Very good staff, I couldn't fault them, all well turned out, friendly and efficient.The hotel tends to cater more for our German friends as does most of Spain so expect the TV channel's to be dominated by German programmes (a bit annoying watching the Olympics with a German commentator) but its just a minor point - but get to those sunbeds early!The only very slight negative is the surrounding area which has some rather uninspiring office blocks and somehow manages to look a bit downbeat when actually its all fairly decent. Maybe they need a new architect in this part of town.Getting around is very easy - Taxis are cheap and there's a rank next to the hotel.Al in all a very good hotel.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>NC1313
<Content>Jaw dropping excellence       Beds  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Limabre
<Content>Great rooms, poor desk staff, poor breakfast There is nothing wrong with the hardware of this hotel. The rooms are great, location also, across large shopping mall, near sea, great for families. It is the staff that may spoil your stay.At the desk, while you are helped, they answer questions from newly arrived people, walk away, pick up the phone and talk endlessly, and the seem not interested at all to help you.Simple questions like directions are answered with great reluctance if at all. They do not seem to listen well. I asked for a direction to a village that was 10 min drive away, and they printed me a direction of 165 km, without a correcting response to our remark that it was really a 10 min drive. We ended looking up the directions ourself at a paid computer. Breakfast for the more expensive rooms on the 15 floor was terrible esp in the weekends: crowded space, not enough choices, not enough food, and you had to ask for glasses and plates, as they did not put enough out. And all this for 400 euro per night!Waste of money, and i will never return.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>JDAviator
<Content>Great hotel to end a Europe trip!       View of the med from the 23rd floor  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>birmingham262
<Content>Contemporary and Spacious       smart bright room  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>mikemangino
<Content>Amazing Hotel Stay here for our last 2 nights of our multi-city tour of Spain. I am so happy we ended at such a great hotel. During our trip we stayed at hotels that ranged from below average to above average. We definitely needed to end on a positive note. Nothing bad to say about the hotel. Any amenity you need is provided. Hotel staff was way above par. Room was very, very comfortable. And bathroom was clean and spacious. We also had a great view from of the Mediterranean Sea. Probably one of the nicest hotels I have ever stayed in, and definitely the best service I have ever received.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>manchester29
<Content>Brilliant Barcelona Fantastic hotel, staff could not do enough for you, probably the best hotel I have ever been too.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonynelson
<Content>Another solid overseas Hilton As you would expect from an international Hilton, the hotel was in good shape with nice rooms and nice amenities. As I've also come to expect, after you add in parking and internet service and various other charges, expect to pay another $100/day.The hotel itself is located a 5-6k outside of the center of Barcelona, but is across from a decent mall and a short walk to the beach. Not a lot of interesting attractions or restaurants in the area, so I wouldn't recommend it if you're not going to a conference there--which appears to be one of its specialties  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MuseJam
<Content>Gorgeous hotel! We had a great stay at the Hilton! The room was a standard, non-club floor room on the 13th floor. We had a great view that overlooked the Mediterranean Sea and the hotel pool. Our room was spacious and clean, with a large modern bathroom. I really liked the power shower in the bathroom.The hotel itself is modern and clean. The staff is friendly and helpful, and nothing is too much trouble. The Indigo Restaurant serves great food and wine, and has excellent service. The hotel pool and sundeck opened while we were there - we spent some great time out there enjoying the beautiful weather. The food and drinks from the pool bar were expensive but very good. I highly commend the staff of this hotel.The only negative is that the hotel itself is a long distance from Barcelona attractions such as La Rambla, although there is a Metro station very close by. I did like that there was a mall right across the street, for all those little things you might have forgotten.All in all, I would go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Fred1975
<Content>Reception Staff should all be fired! Very nice hotel except for the useless, unfriendly, arguementative and slow reception staff. Russell, the porters and the bar staff were excellent!The reception staff ruined my stay in Barcelona therefore I would recommend NOT to stay in this hotel!  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	2	5	1	1	2	

<Author>Jane131262
<Content>Lovely Hotel We have just returned from a family city break to Barcelona, 2 adults and 1 child age 13. This is our second visit to the city and this time as we had our son with us we chose to stay at the Hilton, Diagonal Mar. Although slightly out of the way of the main part of the town, instead of being a burden it was actually a joy!. We had an executive room on the 3rd floor which was amply big enough for the 3 of us. Our rate included breakfast which is one of the best I have had, I would defy anyone not to find something to eat and if its not there I am sure they would find it for you!The hotel is very modern and during the week caters more for the business market than the tourist market, but the staff were fantastic, especially Russell the Concierge who advised us on where to eat and how to travel around on the metro, he went out of his way to help us and make us feel very welcome. Having said that all of the staff were very friendly and nothing was too much trouble.The easiest, quickest and cheapest method of getting around Barcelona is by the metro the stop closest to the hotel is a 5 minute walk away and takes you straight into the heart of old Barcelona, in the main we alighted at Barceloneta as this was easy access to Las Rambla. If in Barcelona for more than 1 day purchase a T10 ticket costs 7 euros 20 cents, and gives you 10 trips anywhere on the metro.With a child we visited the Zoo which is well laid out and the Aquarium which is also worth seeing. In the evenings we ate at Can Majo in the Barceloneta area, a long standing seafood restaurant which was excellent especially if you like mussels. We also ate at the Hard Rock and Russell even managed to book us a table so that we didnt have to wait around which has very handy as it was very busy. On the last night we ate at Patagonia an excellent steak restaurant.Although the weather at this time of year was not hot enough to spend time around the pool it was just right for walking around a city and sitting in the sunshine watching the world go by.Would definitely return to both the hotel and Barcelona, nearly forgot to mention an excellent massive shopping centre right across the road from the hotel, any of you into Zara and Mango prices seemed to be slightly cheaper and different clothes to those at home.Fantastic break all round !  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ALBERT_en_BEATRIX
<Content>dirty, dirty, dirty Bad working ventilation and airco, dirty carpets !! They needed to remove the dirty carpets from the rooms (exec ut. rooms !!)The beds are on wheels. You'll arrive in the morning on the other side of your room. Windows never cleaned. etc... Never again. For the same price you have unexpected luxury in hotel Arts.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	2	2	1	

<Author>TravelingTulip
<Content>Wonderful stay! My stay at the hotel was wonderful! The rooms were very clean, well equiped, and most of all, the service was excellent! The employees there were so friendly and accomodating even when we arrived early at 8am the day of check in, they accomdodated us w/in the hour! If this hotel is within your price range, I would definitely recommend it!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redhand
<Content>Very Good But With A Few Niggles Almost any discerning traveller would enjoy staying at this clean and modern hotel with friendly, helpful staff and impeccable service. However, it is not cheap and while you get what you pay for, there were a number of issues, admittedly minor, which we felt fell short of our expectations and indeed of the hotels own aspirations.On two separate occasions housekeeping staff entered our bedroom without knocking. This appeared to be more a case of bad manners rather than any institutional lack of training. The tea/coffee pack in the bedroom provides only powder milk. Surely a hotel of this standard could provide some form of liquid milk. Equally, amongst all the American, European and Asian newspapers provided free in the lobby, a British paper would not be too much to ask. Both computers installed in the lobby were out of order and although staff were aware of this, nothing seemed to be done about it. The plug in the bathroom sink would not stay down and the heavy blind on the bedroom window needs a pelmet type arrangement to keep out the early morning light. Hilton have a good product here but they really need to improve on these basic matters if they are to maintain their superior hospitality crown.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>ZeyneL
<Content>You will enjoy there...       view  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>James-TRIP
<Content>First Class Hotel As a Manager in the industry, I know how challenging it can be deliver excelelnt service. It also makes me very fussy when staying in other Hotels.This Hotel is just First Class in every sense. The Hotel is modern, clean and very comfortable. The Bedrooms are spacious and have great views of the sea.The staff are simply brilliant and go out of there way to make you comfortable.Brekafast is also something else, with a huge choice.Yes, the Hotel is slightly out of the City centre, but it is no big effort to make the 15 min trip by Metro.One of the best Hotels I have stayed in for some time.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rochelle.alexis
<Content>Marvelous Hotel       room  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SW&ML
<Content>Nice Hotel, Nice Staff If you want to be in the center of the city, this hotel is not for you. The location is great for business travellers and cruisers. If you desire the center city main attractions i.e. La Ramblas, Placa de Catalunya, Sangunde de Familia you are only a few minutes away by taxi - approximately 15 minutes. I found the hotel to be very clean and modern. The only disappointment was the shower could use recaulking. The bathroom is very spacious - separate shower, separate bath. The bed is very comfortable. The cable in the room is quite nice. When you have travelled all over Europe you expect only CNN. There were at least 7 channels in English including FOX. The hotel's bar is very nice. We encountered one of the best bartender's in Europe, Christina. She makes the best Sangria! Julian's Sangria's are a delicious treat too!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ecdreamz
<Content>Excellent Barcelona Hotel We stayed here on our trip over the New Year's. This was an excellent hotel. The beds were comfortable, the bathroom was spacious, and the rooms were very quiet. We had an ocean-view room of the mediterranean sea. The Diagonal Mar Mall is directly across the street and it came in handy when I lost my contact lens case. They have a great food court there if you get hungry. It is about a 10 min walk to get to the nearest metro stop and the hotel is about 20 mins outside the old town of barcelona. The chocolate con churros in Barcelona is the best!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>BIG_SOS
<Content>excelent hotel Stayed here for one night prior to a cruise from Barcelona. Hotel is very nice with lots of amenities. Directly across from shopping mall where you can find anything you want. Also very close to last metro stop, and you are 15-20 min by metro from anywhere you want to go in Barcelona.Staff very nice. Executive Lounge excellent and room had great views.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tally10
<Content>Fantastic hotel on the Med We booked this hotel from comments and ratings on tripadvisor. We flew into Barcelona November 30th, a day before our cruise for the Brilliance of the Seas transatlantic. This hotel is on the Med and not too far from the port. It is a distance from the Las Ramblas, but a short taxi ride will take you there. The hotel is spectacular in appearance. It is very modern. The staff is fantastic and gave us a great room overlooking the Med. The room was very modern. Had a flat screen TV, great bedding, wonderful shower and lots of ammenities. There was a shopping mall across the street. It had lots of restaurants inside and out, both sit down and fast food. There was a large grocery store on the lower level where we stocked up on bottled water for the ship. We had breakfast the next day which was included in our stay. There were plenty of choices. The service there was wonderful. Everything was fresh and clean. Overall, one of the best European hotels we have stayed in. Wished we could've stayed there longer. Highly recommend.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Regina1965
<Content>An excellent hotel!       A sea-side view from Hilton Diagonal Mar.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>SCalif
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Wonderful Staff       Sunrise over the Mediterranean  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>dandnCardiff
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at hotel on a girls weekend away - 5 of us. Very comfortable rooms, lots of space in the bathroom for our toiletries. Good wardobes!!.Found the Hotel to be quiet and service was very good. Had a very lazy afternoon around pool area, which has good amount of loungers and also excellent chic seating area.Would go back.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jazz_Girl83
<Content>A Great Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lovecomfort
<Content>Modern and good for families My husband and I stayed here with our two sons and grandkids in early September. From the moment we walked in the door until we left, the service was friendly and helpful. The hotel is modern, the rooms comfortable, and the parks around the hotel are imaginative and fun for kids. The hotel is located in a new conference complex about 15 minutes outside of the city center. So if you want to walk out your door to La Rambla, you should stay elsewhere. However, if you want all the modern conveniences, a little peace and quiet, access to a great shopping mall , parks, metro and beach, this might be the place for you! We appreciated the way the staff helped us with the grandkids, seeming to never mind the crumbs they left behind or the shrieks of joy at the gifts of crayons from the front desk! And because the times that the Spaniards eat are not the times children from the U.S. eat, it was really great to be able to cross the street, get some fast food or shop in the supermarket to accommodate the change in time zones and local eating times. As others have mentioned, the pool was quite cool, but lots of people were swimming in it, so apparently not too much of a problem. The Executive Lounge was not very crowded when we were there, and the food was excellent, both for breakfast, afternoon snacks and evening tapas. They were very strict about taking food out of the lounge, which is not our experience with other Hiltons, but other than that, the Lounge was a great addition. We found it easy to get into and out of down town via helpful taxi drivers who were always willing to talk to us about what we were seeing or comment strongly on American politics! One night we took a lovely stroll along the beach to a beachside cafe, which was lively and fun.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ebergth
<Content>Review for families with young children Stayed here with my family (wife, 2.5 year old and 7 month old boys) and so I would like to address this to people who might consider staying here with young children. We thought it was great! 1. Hotel staff. Staff were friendly and helpful, especially with the children. They greeted them warmly, helped with the stroller, brought them toys and so on....2. Hotel facilities for children. We asked for and got 2 child cots which worked well. Child menu at restaurant with spaghetti, etc at a reasonable hotel cost. Pool is for adults and was a bit cold, but our 2 year old enjoyed it. 3. Places to Play . There's a couple of parks in the area. Behind the conference center is a little park with slide, swings and some other little surprises. On weekends, they set up a little fair with blow up play things (our child calls them jump jumps), a little train, a track with peddle cars and a little bungee jump thing. To the side of the hotel and mall there is another park with a little playground with some wooden playthings and some pieces the kids can jump on that make sound (different tones). There's also a little play area in the mall and you can pay 2 Euro to push your kid around in a shopping cart/car. All in all, I thought it worked well.4. Places to eat for kids. There aren't a whole lot of restaurants in the area, but if your kids are used to eating earlier (like ours are), nothing is open anyway. We were happy to have the mall across the street b/c we could get food for the kids. There are several decent restaurants where you can sit outside and enjoy a meal and a pitcher of Sangria. Not the best of Spain, but kids can run around and nobody is disturbed. While we were there, they had a pool set up with kayaks and a track with tricycles and peddle cars. 5. Getting to sights. There's a metro in walking distance (we didn't try it), taxis in front of the hotel, and a tourist bus that stops a half block down the road. We took the tourist bus one day and liked it for the overview of the city, but it was not so convenient with kids. We had to change buses several times and in the more popular areas, wait in long lines. After we did this one day, we took taxis after that. It's a bit more expensive and it takes a bit more time to get places, but it wasn't a problem for us. Zoo and Acquarium/IMAX were close by (5-10 minutes). Some of the bigger taxis (vans) have fold down child booster car seats built in (for toddlers only).6. Shopping. there are several kids related stores (toys-r-us, imaginarium, etc.) in the mall and a big supermarket. We liked this b/c we needed to do some shopping for the kids. 7. Laundry. Found a local place down the street (directly across from the hotel, past the mall) that does laundry at 3 euro a Kilo. Compared to the hotel, a steal and laundry was done next day and done well. Friendly staff, too.That's about it. Feel free to contact me if you have specific questions.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AFrequentTraveller
<Content>Great hotel but sleepless in Barcelona This modern hotel is close to the new Convention Centre and opposite a large shopping and cinema complex. There is a lot of building work in progress so this is definitely an area that is on the up. As has been said before the hotel is only a short stroll from the Metro and the journey to the Ramblas district is only a few stops and this is certainly the easiest way to get around the area.We found that the restaurants outside the shopping centre were disappointing and quite expensive but we did find an excellent place called Man Go which is just a block away from the hotel near the rear of the shopping centre. There is a great selection of meals and tapas at reasonable prices and a good selections of wines. The spinach with honey and raisins was superb and the paella was great value and extremely tasty.As frequent guests at Hiltons we were upgraded to an Executive room on the 23rd floor and we checked in at the Executive Lounge. The room was not particularly big but had everything we needed for a weekend stay. We were provided with complimentary water and some pastries as well as other usual amenities.The Lounge is of a decent size and has a balcony if you want to enjoy the sunshine but the lounge can get very crowded at peak times. At times the staff were rushed off their feet but they were all very friendly and helpful. On our first night the lounge was full of people who had just finished a cruise and it was so crowded that we only stayed for one drink. There is a good selection of food and drinks in the evening although there can be a crush around the food at times. The breakfast selection is good but the hot selection is pretty poor. Biggest complaint is that there is only coffee machine and there can be a long queue at times. A second machine would certainly reduce the waiting time which was sometimes ten minutes.The rooftop pool is a great feature of the hotel and there is plenty of seating as well as a poolside restaurant and bar. The pool was a little chilly but certainly invigorating!On our second night we returned to our room to find a note advising us that a Dance Festival would be in progress from 6PM until 6AM that evening. Despite being on the top floor we had a completely sleepless night and we heard many people complaining about the noise the following morning.On returning home we had already received an email from Guest Relations thanking us for our stay. I replied that the hotel was very good but our relaxing weekend had been ruined by the sleepless Saturday night. I really didn鈥檛 expect any response but a couple of days later I received a mail from the GM apologising for our inconvenience and offering us a complimentary weekend so that they could look after us properly! Excellent customer service in these days when customers are largely ignored, so we鈥檒l be going back in January to give it another try.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>tokouki
<Content>Mediocre at best for what you pay for If you are not forced to stay at this hotel by your job because of a conference...stay away by all means. At 235 euro per room, it's a mediocre attempt to provide luxury, with unfriendly staff, not above average amenities, ok rooms but with no touch of class. And if you are visiting Barcelona you most likely want to see the magnificent sights in the center, this hotel is at least a 30min drive from the center. It's in a non residential new area of the town, near the harbor that after 7pm you rarely see anybody go by. All in all...wouldn't stay there again  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	1	2	1	

<Author>Reasonable_guest
<Content>OK-ish       Sea-side view from the room  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t-badger
<Content>Luxury, and near the beach. Stayed here for 2 nights when attending the Summercase music festival. Would highly recommend to anyone attending this or any of the other music festivals at Diagonal Parc- you can stagger back to yoiur room minutes after leaving the festival. Also many of the artists stay here- in 5 minutes i shared a lift with Kele from Bloc Party, met Jarvis Cocker and saw members of Sissor sisters and Kaiser Chiefs! The hotel is great- a nice pool and patio area, very comfortable rooms, quite large in size, a comfortable bed with nice linen, a modern style bathroom with lots of free toiletries and a wonderfull power shower. Also a very quiet and efficient air-con system- a must in Barcelona at any time of year. Only downside is the price- room rates, restaurants and minibar all much more than i usually like to pay. Hotel seems primarily aimed at buisiness account travellers attending the conference next door. However the nearby hotels increase their prices hugely when the music festivals take place (Princess, AC Barcelona- both very good- i've stayed at these in previous years) Location wise, don't stay here if you want to be in the centre of Barcelona- it's a 15 minute subway ride away. There are also good bus links too. However the main plus to the Diagonal Mar area is being 2 minutes from a number of good beaches- great after a days sight seeing to spend a few hours on the beach. There is also a massive shopping complex opposite the hotel, with a big outside food terrace with a wide range of restaurants. I would recommend staying here on a city break, if you like a mixture of relaxing on the beach as well as seeing all of the sights. Effectively 2 holidays in one! As long as you are confident using the subway.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pickeetravlr
<Content>A Little More to Add... I wholeheartedly agree with edleo's July 16 review about this hotel and just want to add a few comments rather than repeat what he said. If you want to go to the beach, do not go across the street as the water there is dirty. Instead, walk across to the Diagonal Mar Mall and rent a car from Hertz (on the first floor). An hour's drive on the main highway up the coast will put you in the Costa Brava area. There you will find some of the most beautiful beaches you have ever seen. We left the hotel at 7AM and spent the entire day swimming in the Med, arriving back at the hotel 12 hours later. While also a Diamond member, we were pleasantly surprised to find that this Hilton also gave military discounts and this reduced our rate for a first class room to one normally found for a budget hotel. Congratulations, Hilton Diagonal Mar, keep up the good work!!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>abcdefghi
<Content>Good starting point ruined; - lack of service, staff training and communication This is a five star hotel, and the Hilton chain itself considers it a six star hotel. The hotel building and all its facilities were wonderful, and fully up to the standard of a five star hotel. We especially loved the outdoor pool and lounge area. The room was spacious, and the only negative about it was the mattress, which was way too firm, so if you're very skinny, it will be uncomfortable. Also, internet access is only included if you bring your own laptop, so if you have to use the one in the lobby or the ones in the business center, there's a hefty per minute charge, which I found tacky. Why did I not rate this hotel higher? Because the people who work there are not up to the task of running a five star hotel. - We asked for turn down service, they forgot. - Another day I asked them to clean the bathroom floor, and came back to find that they hadn't done it.- Housekeeping kept rearranging the makeup in my beauty bag.- I asked for a hardboiled egg for breakfast; one day they forgot, another day, several different people brought me a total of four eggs. - The maitre d' claimed on the third day of our five day stay that breakfast was not included in our rate (which it was). We politely told him that it was, and asked him to please confirm with the front desk. He started a discussion! Can you believe it? In a five star hotel? He wanted us to sign a blank check, which we refused, and in the end we were allowed to have our included breakfast. After breakfast, he told us that we had been right all along, that breakfast was indeed included in our rate. We asked him to make sure to make a note of it so we wouldn't run into the same problem later. - Next day, new maitre d', we're told breakfast is not included in our rate... Same story all over again. - At check out, the receptionist presents us with a bill for two days of breakfast, because, as it turns out, the maitre d' has billed us for breakfast for the two days they messed up and the maitre d' has signed the check himself. We're appalled, but politely explain the situation, and what does the receptionist do? He starts another discussion, and he starts calling a bunch of people from the phone right in front of us. When he finally gets off the phone, he says that he will give us the breakfasts, as if he's doing us a favor, seeing as he seems to think that it is perfectly normal to book a five day stay with included breakfast on only three of the five days. I have never experienced a longer check out.I truly hope that someone high up in the Hilton chain reads this, and does something about this. The hotel itself is beautiful, it's certainly a five or six star on paper, but it's not even a one star in terms of service and staff training and communication. We only encountered one staff member that we thought did a good job, unfortunately I don't remember her name, but it was a female receptionist. Everyone else needs A LOT more training. Because of that, this is a hotel that people stay at once, and never return to. That's unfortunate; I don't know of any other place with such a good starting point that accomplishes to ruin everything so completely.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	2	1	3	

<Author>Art4All
<Content>A 5 star treat Just back from a week's break at one of Barcelona's newest 5 star hotels. Selected the hotel on the strength of past reviews and as a Hilton Hhonor's member was aware of the benefits of booking one of their Executive Rooms.Although the hotel is large, 400+ rooms, it doesn't feel it and the hotel still has a newness about it. The rooms and public areas are spotlessly clean and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful.Other plusses are the excellent outdoor pool - one of the largest that I know of for a city centre hotel. Maybe not that suitable for young children but ideal for someone who wants to swim rather than splash - it makes a change!As with past reviewers, the location could be an issue for anyone wanting to be close to the action but the excellent, and cheap Metro gives you easy access to all the city sites. Having stayed in the city on more than one occasion before, the quiet location suited us perfectly; and for a city location the hotel is very, very quiet. Taxis are also plentiful, and cheap. A mid-day, midweek trip back to the airport in fairly heavy traffic was just 拢20 ($40).Just one minor niggle though. The Executive Lounge was very busy, so much so that breakfast was a bit of a zoo. The Lounge is not that large and services about 6 large floors of Exec rooms. On a couple of occasions, and with no tables available we took ourselves down to the main Indigo Restaurant, where remarkably it was quiet, the food was great and it was an altogether more relaxing experience. During the rest of the day, the lounge (with open air terrace) was a great bonus - complimentary afternoon tea and pre-dinner drinks and snacks are a nice touch and it's also open 'til 10.30pm. A great place to relax and unwind.If they can sort out the breakfast ritual, certainly when the hotel's near capacity (staff acknowledged there had been some minor problems but said these were being addressed), then the Diagonal Mar's pretty much faultless. Overall: Highly Recommended.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mem2699
<Content>Very nice hotel We stayed at the Hilton for 3 nights earlier this month. As previous reviews have said, the hotel is far away from the center of Barcelona and the sights. We had already stayed at Le Meridien just off of Las Ramblas for several nights, so we had seen what we wanted to see of the city, and this was meant to be the pool/beach portion of our Barcelona vacation. For that purpose, it was perfect.The hotel is new and clean. Nice pool area, although the pool itself is a little small. The beach is about 2 blocks away so that was very nice. Rooms were crisp and clean- flat screen TV, large closet space with safe, hairdryer, overall very nice. Not too much of a Spanish-feel, but it is a Hilton, so what can you expect.Food is surprisingly good at breakfast and the restaurant for dinner, although absurdly priced. The hotel is across the street from a shopping mall with many food-court restaurants, which was nice when you did not want to spend a fortune for a simple sandwich. Overall, I would highly recommend the hotel, but only for those looking for RR or attending a convention. Not for those wanting to go out and about in Barcelona.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Vassilis
<Content>Very good hotel. I stayed there for 3 days in June 2007. This is a very modern hotel, nicely decorated, with well trained staff. The lounges, bars and restaurants are very nice, and the food, of course, is excellent. My room was on the 17th floor, with breathtaking view of the sea and city. It was very nice, clean, and spacious. The swimming pool was small but nice, but the entire pool area as well as the pool bar and restaurant were spacious with good view of the city and sea (on the 2nd floor). The hotel is situated outside the city centre, so you need a taxi to go there. One bad thing is that there is not a smoking area inside, except in the smoking rooms. They say that the law prohibits smoking in all the public spaces, including hotels etc, but in Barcelona there are many public spaces such as restaurants, bars etc where smoking is permited.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>edleo13
<Content>Great American style hotel in Barcelona       Pool area  
<Date>Jul 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>g8rvictor
<Content>Very nice new hotel, clean rooms Stayed here for a night in June. The location is a little far from the traditional sights of Barcelona, but the hotel is very clean, owing to its newness. Service was very helpful in getting information from my airline about lost luggage. Proximity to the Diagonal Mar shopping area made finding replacement clothes a breeze and I was able to update myself in the latest Spanish fashions.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	3	

<Author>megawhizz
<Content>Very nice! Got a great price via Hotwire, and knew what I was getting beforehand - this is the only 5-star hotel listed in the sub-area on Hotwire. Great location, good service, comfortable, modern rooms. Not much of a view, but you can make out just a hint of the sea. If you have a high room facing the sea, probably get a much better view.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>fanasiauae
<Content>Clean new hotel Thoroughly enjoyed my stay at the Hilton Diagonal Mar in Barcelona during the LNG 15 conference 24th 27th April 2007. I was booked into a club room and had access to the club lounge where the selection of food was average but the service was excellent, not to mention the breakfasts on the first floor that was absolutely fabulous.The bedroom were nice, spacy and spotlessly clean. The bed was large and comfortable. The staff at the front were very helpful, friendly and patient.The downside was the location, although good for attending the conference it was 15 minutes away from the centre of town and the nightlife areas. The hotel was also about a 10 minute walk to the nearest subway station. Also, the hotel was a tad overpriced.It is too far out for tourists but great for people attending conferences and exhibitions next door.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	2	5	5	4	3	

<Author>WatfordTraveller
<Content>Lovely Hotel Very nice Hilton hotel. Although out of the way, provided very nice modern rooms with amazing views of the city. Excellent Executive lounge and rooms. Complimentary breakfasts and snacks of high standard. Soft drinks and alcohol also available. Rooms immaculate with high standard of housekeeping. Only two criticisim, the pool needs to be heated. It was too cold to use even though daily temperatures were mid 20's. Also only English speaking channels on TV were Sky News, BBC World and CNN or pay to view movies. Fine if not spending time in room but when travelling with 7 year old need occassional entertainment. Hotel was great with son and though not billed as a family hotel, children do not present a problem and are warmly welcomed.  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lexycal
<Content>Beautiful place to stay This Hilton is great. Beautiful entry, great doormen, great front desk and rooms. Family friendly. Really nice pool. If you are on the executive floors you have access to the executive lounge which offers snacks and drinks during the day. A full bar is available free of charge which is really nice if you are relaxing before going out. The location is a little out of the way from the center of the city, but public transporation and rentals are easily acquired.  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	5	

<Author>marcstrauch
<Content>Brand new, perfect service, good rooms       The view to the beach  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gags
<Content>Fantastic Hotel Stayed here over the Easter Weekend, with my fiancee.This is an excellent new hotel (opened Late 2005).Being a Gold VIP member, we received an upgrade to the executive lounge and an executive room on the 21st floor (23 total). (The complimentary bar is not 24 hours - alchoholic drinks are from midday to 22.30 - not as said in an earlier review!)Public areas and rooms are spotlessly clean.Outstanding views from our room and the executive lounge - we could see all of Barcelona from the kingsized bed!Rooms have a 26inch Plasma TV - only the usual news channels in english though! (apart from pay per view)Location is of course the best or worst thing about this hotel. Some may love the peace away from the hustle of the city centre, others may want to be nearer it!It takes 30 minutes by metro to the central areas (the trains seem slower here than London or Paris??) The actual metro station Maresem Forum is actually through the shopping centre over the road and then through a slightly dubious looking apartment block area. It is a ten minute walk - maybe longer with a bag!The shopping centre is huge with the many shops and fast food outlets. There is a good chinese buffect located on the outside part of the centre - right under the hotel! Only 9 euros for all you can eat!A word of warning to tourists - some shops want your passport when paying by credit card, and as ever, beware of pickpockets - especially on the metro!It may be on the coast, but there is not really a beach scene directly by the hotel - it was a building site for a zoo when we were there! The main beaches are further down by the marina.Taxis maybe fairly cheap, but we seem to have got overcharged on our return trip to the airport! It was 25 Euros from and 31 Euros to the airport! The only thing I can think of it was slightly longer due to one-way streets.Hotel overall though, fantastic - no problems, except we had to leave!  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mellison06
<Content>Wonderful Hotel, Great Staff My husband and I just got back from here. This is the nicest international hotel that we have stayed in. The hotel is modern and very comfortable. The staff is wonderful and so helpful. They exceed at everything they do. This hotel is a little outside of the city center, but the nearest Metro stop is only a five minute walk away and very easy to get into town on. I would definitely recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gurnip
<Content>Excellent Most excellent modern hotel.Great staff, clean spacious rooms, slick service etc.Via Hilton Honors had a complimentary upgrade to executive floors, they were so good my colleague paid out of his own pocket 60 euros to do the same, complimentary breakfast tip top, the sun balcony does not get much better, and of course 24hr complimentary drinks - alcoholic - unlike the USA and non alcoholic.10-12 Euros to Le Rambles in a taxi, 15 minute walk to Port Olympic and casino etc - great restaurants, bars and clubs - would say a great spot for stag/hen weekends or a couples getaway.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>norwegianOslo
<Content>A great hotel! A very modern and beautiful hotel with great food and lovely rooms. I had a very nice vacation with my family and we all liked it! But it is expensive to live there..  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayneLondon
<Content>Nice, modern hotel Really nice, modern hotel. Staff were lovely and very helpful. I visited on business and it was great for that purpose, It might be a little out of the way for tourists though as it takes 25-30 minutes by taxi (in traffic) or tram/train into the centre.Right next to CCIB (conference centre) and opposite large shopping centre, but area is quiet at night. Rooms were clean, spacious and very comfortable. Good beakfast buffet.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>MandM97
<Content>Great Hotel My husband and I stayed for 2 days post a cruise trip. It was a great spot to wind down after a very busy cruise. The staff was very helpful and friendly. Pool area nice and the room very nice! Very easy to get to the tourist areas using the tourista bus (hop on/off tourist bus). Beach about 10 min walk. Great mall with good resturants. Good tapas. I would recommend this hotel to anybody who does not mind not being near the tourist areas.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>urbanberber
<Content>Gracious Staff  This hotel provides a high professional standard of hospitality - one you pay dearly for with money. The staff is incredibly accomodating and welcoming. Many of the staff members speak four languages (plus), are extremely gracious, and are probably more worldly than most of the guests. Rooms are cush and serene (in a West Elm meets Crate and Barrel kind of way). I enjoyed this hotel, but felt separated from the essence of Spanish culture and vivacity upon entering the gargantuan Diagonal Mar compound which includes an enormous mall across the street (mass consumption at its finest)...I would recommend staying here as a departure or arrival point, but not as a way of gaining much insight into the heart of Barcelona. This is a great hotel for corporate people, families with children who need time to recharge before international flights and those seeking pampered travel experiences.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rotterdam0892
<Content>Great hotel just outside the city centre My husband was going to attend a conference and the Hilton is one of the nearest hotels to the conference centre. We decided to both go to Barcelona a few days before the start of the conference and I left on the day it started.The hotel is on the outskirts of Barcelona (beyond Port Olympic) but the centre can be easily reached either via the underground or trams (we did not try the buses). There is a large shopping mall just across the road with plenty of shops and restaurants to keep yourself occupied without having to go to the centre of Barcelona. There is a beach nearby but I would not recommend it for any leisure activities as there is a huge building site but this does mean that you can have a room with a sea view as we did. We had a relaxation room with a jacuzzi bath. There was also a few books about yoga and some relaxation CDs. Bose CD player and a DVD player were available. Very comfortable bed. The pool was closed by the time we went there but it looks lovely. Breakfast had the usual array of Hilton breakfast foods - anything you could wish for was there. Staff were all very friendly.Overall, I would recommend this hotel but not if you want to be at the heart of it all.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>worldtravellerfromUS
<Content>Lovely Accommodations We stayed in this hotel for just one night before a cruise. Lovely room, attentive staff, fantastic breakfast which was included in our rate. Very good value for the price.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Craven
<Content>Conference Hotel Plus Like a lot of people I stayed at this hotel because I attended a conference in the congress hall which is right next door. Covering this bit first I would say that if you are using the local congress centre this is the best place in the area to stay.It is also a good place to stay if you are on holiday as you are far enough out of town to relax but close enough when you want to go there. Meanwhile there is a great shopping and eating plaza across the road and plenty of small tapas bars too.The hotel is not exactly full of character however everything is clean, new looking and friendly. the rooms are light ans the air conditioning effective. The beds are excelent and, for the business traveller there is good work space and high speed internet links.Only gripe at all was the hotel bar bills were a bit steep so watch out. Mind you try a Mohana (delicious drink with fresh mint) and you probably won't care!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Alex0021
<Content>Abolutely loved it!! I really like this hotel, stayed in the other ilton in barcelona before, but this one is absolutely great!!It's a little further away from the centre, in a area which is developing at the moment.The staff were really nice, breakfast was great, very similar to the other hilton in that way.But the difference was the room which was a lot larger, the bathroom was just great. The view is fantastic from this hotel. Seaview or city view. This hotel also has a swimming pool with a gym. Overall left very happy.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Nelsdad
<Content>Top Notch Hotel This was our first hotel during a trip to Europe this summer. Nicest hotel by far! It is new, so no maintenance issues. Great pool with view of beaches. The room was clean with modern decor. Hotel staff was helpful and gracious. It is in a newer area of Barcelona, with a mall across the street. Access into the city center is easy and inexpensive via taxi, transit, or tour bus. The double-decker tour bus stops just down the street- a good way to see the city (buy a two-day pass).  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Braindrain
<Content>Perfect in every way, except location       Diagonal Mar shopping mall  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Fridou
<Content>Good business hotel... We wanted to burn a few points in Barcelona when visiting friends and we had the choice between two Hilton in Barcelona. My wife wanted a swimming pool. So the choice was easy: Diagonal Mar and not the more central one. We booked 3 nights with our HHonors points with 2 kids.We were upgraded to Executive floor and checked in in the Executive lounge by friendly staff. We had a corner room (slightly more spacious than standard executive) and asked for an additional bed for our kid. Free of charge and very good quality and length (could even accomodate an adult).The room are very nice with flat screenLocationNot in the city center but in a quiet area (no noisy construction very close)Near the sandy beach (easily accessible with a 10 min walk) where you can find a fresh water shower. Beach OK. ParkingIf you have a car, instead of using the overpriced hotel car park, park it free of charge in the street parallel to the hotel.Executive lounge OK but a little bit cramped and small with the usual choice of beverages and good snacks from 6pm to 8:30pm. We had our breakfast (good without a very large choice) there on the terrace having a view on the city and sea, very nice when you can get a table in the shade.We did not eat in the hotel as you have everything you need from sandwich to full fledged restaurant and tapas bar in front of the hotel. You do not need to pay overpriced meal in trhe hotel.The pictures on Internet are misleading as they make the sea appear a little closer than it is actually and it seems as if there was a grass garden near the pool which is on the second floor but the grass we see is next to the street.Swimming OK but a little cold (even in August). Ample free towels and lounge chairs.As already said, easy connections to the city center with tram, tube, bus and taxi (8 EUR).Overall a good new hotel without atmosphere.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mytravelcrew
<Content>Love affair at the Hilton After reading several bad reviews, I was a little sceptic I must admit. I am a spoiled traveler, and always stay at top class hotels. The Hilton Diagonal Mar was great! A really, really nice guy at reception made sure we felt very welcome, and the room was gorgeous, big bath and bright room with a huge minibar and lots of amenities. We had sea view and windows in the bathroom which was great:) Really comfy bed, and staff always very helpful. The pool is not that big, but works out just fine, it all looks really good. Breakfast is good and very attentive staff. Next dood there is a shopping mall and some restaurants, and just two minutes away is the metro that takes you to the city center. NO problem at all! the only drawback of staying a little out of the center is getting a taxi home at night..I always got a private car though..it took too long for the taxis to become avaliable:)It's close to the beach, just three minute walk and the area is really nice. The place is kind of the new business center in barcelona, so it's expanding all the time. No construction work anymore, so no problem there.If you prefer to stay closer to the city center, yet close to the beach, hilton diagonal mar might be a little out for you, but for us it was great, we didn't mind spending a little more time on transport. The location is the drawback-the hotel is great!I would def. go back!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kellianne17
<Content>Sunny        Our sunny  cozy room!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	3	4	-1	

<Author>shastasheen
<Content>Comfortable stay The Diagonal Mar Barcelona was very nice.. beautiful rooms, great views of the city. Our room was very nice and huge, almost like a small apartment. However, as others have said, it is not on the beach as it appears to be from the pictures. It is right on the Meditarranean, but no beaches. If you have the money to spend and want a comfortable, upscale place to enjoy your privacy, this would be great. The area it is in is pretty new. There is a nice shopping center right across the street, but you'll have to find some form of transportation to get to the city center and major attractions, as it is too far to walk.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Too little, too late, too young!  The photo's of this hotel as seen on the Hilton web site is deceiving. Its proximity to the beach is not as close as it looks. It is NOT close to the city center and the area is too new to have any significant activity, unless you're there for business and using the convention center. The building is 9 mo. new, but too open, (visually) cold public spaces. The bar stock is mediocre. Problems with the rooms (eg.- Lights burned out at the desk and hallway, low water pressure in the bathroom, no safety bars near the tub, shower door not closing) which were reported the first day were never repaired during a four day stay, with no replacement room offered. The entire staff is VERY YOUNG AND INEXPERIENCED, sometimes nonresponsive and rude. People make a place worthwhile, this place has a long way to go before they deserve their top rated prices!  
<Date>May 29, 2006
<Rating>2	1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>hollholl
<Content>Nice business hotel, but watch out for the Internet fees       My double room with view of the Mediterranean  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>4	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>luv2travel63
<Content>Loved our stay at the Hilton We just returned from 4 nights at the Diagonal Mar and had a great time. We went with our two daughters and another family of four. We had two adjoining rooms, one with a king bed and another with two doubles. The hotel was clean and the rooms very modern. We were on the upper floors looking toward the sea. The city views were also nice and I think on the lower floors the city view may be desirable as there is a very tall building on the sea side so floors lower then 20 are mostly obstructed by the tall building. The city view was less obstructed. The beds were a little hard for a new hotel and not nearly as soft as the heavenly bed at the westin. The bathroom was nice but only had a single sink. Our room included breakfast which was American style with omelets, waffles, fresh fruit, lox, cheese and almost everything else. It was included in our rate but would have been 20 euros per person. Very nice if included in the price. The location was a little out of the way in a very new area with lots of construction surrounding it. The mall next to the hotel was very convenient. There were many places to eat and an inexpensive grocery store which also sold wine similar to a Wal Mart. It was very nice to pick up snacks and wine to enjoy in the room. Our kids also liked shopping in the mall. It wasn't a real high end mall but had several stores similar to Abbecrombie and the gap. The subway was next to the mall and a very short walk to the hotel. It took about 10 minutes to get to the center of the city from the hotel by train and about 6-7 euro by cab. We were a little worried about being so far removed from the city center when we booked this hotel but it was actually quite nice to escape to the quite of this hotel in the evening. The staff was very friendly and always helpful. The pool did not open until April so we could not use it. On the negative side, when we checked in we were given a smoking room even though we requested non-smoking and could not be moved until the next day. After we were moved we were very happy with our stay. Another negative is that there is alot of construction in the area. The hotel is few blocks from the sea and the area of the sea near the hotel is being worked on by very heavy machinary so don't expect to be right on the beach. It is a long walk to the beach area. All in all we would definately stay at this hotel again. The place is almost brand new and very modern. The rate was quite reasonable given the amenities. We paid 185 euro a night for the first room and 92.50 per night for the kids room. This included breakfast each day. Barcelona is a great city to visit and I would highly recommend visiting this exciting city.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent staff, beautiful hotel We recently spent a week in Barcelona, visiting our daughter. We selected the Hilton Diagonal Mar Barcelona based on reviews and used Hilton Honors points toward our stay. The location was conviently located near the tram and metro, allowing us to travel to the gothic quarter in 15 minutes. The airline lost our luggage in route to Barcelona. The staff worked daily with Iberia to locate our bags, which was great as we don't speak Catalan and seem to have difficulty having our English and Spanish understood. Each day as we returned to the hotel the employees at the front desk would greet us and provide updates. They made what could have been a less than happy visit to the city, very pleasant. The hotel was spotless and the king room very comfortable. The beautiful shopping mall next door was very handy for replenishing our wardrobe until our bags were finally delivered.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aquasolaris
<Content>Great hotel in newer part of Barcelona   showReview(4603502, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>aj07
<Content>A perfect Ending   showReview(4364702, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lisarichards
<Content>Make sure you choose the right Hilton....   showReview(4333421, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>peterm1973
<Content>Excellent value for the price   showReview(4251959, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gets17
<Content>Disappointing   showReview(4251263, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DaliMama
<Content>Very Nice Hilton   showReview(4153154, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>skibuff
<Content>Nice Place to stay       Seating Area  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>norcath
<Content>great hotel       Hotel from the Shopping Center  
<Date>Nov 5, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>izzik
<Content>Nice, beautiful hotel but staff attitude needs work       twin guestroom  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(4041266, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>FFParis
<Content>Pas pro la r茅ception   showReview(21104035, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>1	3	5	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder!   showReview(19638560, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>reisenderWien
<Content>Tolles Hotel in Barcelona       Sauberes tolles Zimmer  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>jederzeit wieder!   showReview(15570870, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s classe   showReview(14735910, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>torner貌 sicuramente   showReview(13197503, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13197498, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13197497, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons des que possible   showReview(13197501, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>War O.K.   showReview(13197495, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bonne s茅lection   showReview(11310182, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点偗銉┿儉銉曘偂銉熴儶銈亴閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝瑕嬨亪銇?#x201d;   showReview(19165206, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>merveilleux sejour   showReview(11428315, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Luxus au脽erhalb Barcelonas   showReview(11428314, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(11386947, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11357228, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈熷緟澶栥倢   showReview(19157954, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

