<Author>bauertime
<Content>Neri good A very slick Hotel in the Centre of the old city. An amazing feel. We had one of the rooms with a balcony, which had views over the city roof tops towards a lite church. While at the Neri we ate both breakfast and dinner, which were top. A cleaver layout to the menu giving you different options depending on your mood.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Rubster
<Content>Great place to stay The hotel is located in the heart of the Gothic neighborhood. We were able to walk to virtually everything. The hotel is well appointed. The staff were very friendly and helpful even serving us drinks in the library when the bar was taken over by a private function. I can't think of anything negative to say about the hotel itself. But the restaurant is another matter (see other review).  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>SpikeVancouver
<Content>Wonderful stay at The Neri Hotel We recently spent two nights at the Neri Hotel. Everything about it was terrific. The location is great - right in the middle of the Old Town and within walking distance of everything a visitor would want to see. The room we were in was large, airy, bright and wonderfully appointed - bathroom was also large and beautifully appointed. The Hotel has a lovely peaceful feel to it. The staff are all incredibly friendly and helpful. The bedding was very comfortable and we enjoyed the big fluffy bathroom towels and robes. We did not eat breakfast there but did enjoy one dinner - very good food.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RLM3
<Content>Wonderful Hotel My wife and I stayed at the Neri to celebrate our anniversary. We were generally very impressed. The hotel is beautiful and the location in the Barri Gotic is perfect. This was our first time in Barcelona and were very pleased that we decided to stay in the Barri Gotic rather than L'Eixample where a number of the other hotels we were considering were located.The Neri staff was very helpful with restaurant suggestions and reservations. The only service hiccup was the presence of a prior guest's dirty underwear and socks left over in the room when we checked in--slightly disgusting, but forgivable.The primary--and maybe only--downside of the Neri is price. It was expensive in both an absolute sense and relative to other hotels in its class. However, it is difficult to evaluate relative value because the Neri is so unique. Overall, we thought it was worth the splurge.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>dswl
<Content>Loved it Loved this hotel. We had a junior suite on the 3rd floor. Great in room breakfast. Wonderful shower/bath. We would stay in this charming off the beaten path hotel again any day. You can negotiate rate directly with the hotel. Loved the location and the charm. If you go to Barcelona, stay here. We finished our stay at the Hotel Arts after this, and it was average and cold at best. Don't waste your time with the big hotels in BCN.Concierge was great. We had two absolutely amazing meals at Commerc 24 and Gresca. Great lunch at Cuines Santa Caterina. Great tapas at Tapac 24 and Cal Pep. Not so memorable tapas at Taller de Tapas (don't go here).  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>evatrav
<Content>Probably The Most Charming Hotel! I am coming back to Neri next Nov. 24th and I just can麓t wait. We stayed there time ago and I could say this is probably one of the nicest hotels we have ever been to (and we do love hotels). The setting is just perfect in the gothic areas at the most charming litlle street. People were amazing, so wellcoming. We felt just pampered. The room (what a room!). So well furnished, just the way I like it. The restaurant was nice, quiet and food just superior (great wine recommendation).Just and plain: perfect!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GManKent
<Content>Extraordi-Neri It would be easy to run down a hotel when the whole of your visit to supposedly sunny Barcelona is blighted by incessant rain. However, it would be difficult to fault the Neri. The service was extremely friendly and the room was fantastic. Its location in the heart of the Barri Gotic is convenient for getting around and also for local bars and restaurants (the Cuines Santa Caterina is well worth a visit). The interior modernity of the hotel comes as a surprise when viewed from outside - it is a clever blend of old and new. Not that its the be-all of a holiday but the wi-fi service worked extremely well. Would definitely recommend.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>UKSarah30
<Content>Fantastic, Fantastic, Fantastic! We travelled to Barcelona to celebrate our engagement. Hotel Neri was everything we wanted and so much more. The service was brilliant, the staff couldnt help us enough. We stayed in a standard room and it was massive witha huge bed and sitting area. We were given a list of different types of bedding, so if you fancied silk for example you could have it. if you wished for a different style of pillow no problem there was a choice for pillows too.The bathroom was kitted out was lovely toileteries and had a wet room shower.We didnt eat in the restaurant but ordered room service the first night as we arrived at 2.00am the food was delicious and reasonably priced. The hotels location is great on a quiet alley so extremely quiet. it is however only minutes walk from the las rambles  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sleepygirlsf
<Content>Gorgeous hotel centrally located in Barcelona The hotel is gorgeous and quite an experience. Our room was fresh, modern with a large bathroom and patio! We ended up just sitting on our patio during the afternoon siestas and love it. What a special place. I can't wait to go back. It's in the Gothic Quarter and within walking distance to everything you want to see. Easy access to the metro.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Puzzled66
<Content>Perfect for all       see what I mean?  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wty48
<Content>Fantastic boutique hotel We had a great stay at the Neri which has THE most central location in Barcelona,right in the centre of the Bari Gotic behind the (other) cathedral. We found the staff utterly charming and could not have bben more helpful.  The room was more than adequate altho' a slightly strange layout.All in all one of the best city centre hotels i have stayed in and very romantic too. I am not sure would stay there in the summer tho' as it may be better to stay near the beach.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YetAnotherViajera
<Content>Loved the Hotel Neri!       Neri - entrance/exterior  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>StowersLondon
<Content>The Neri is elegant but over-priced The hotel is beautifully styled and in a superb location in the gothic quarter. It is peaceful, has nice roof terrace and the service was helpful and polite. We have stayed in many boutique hotels but this seemed hugely over-priced. We had a small (but elegant) room, no bath only a shower and no balcony. Annoying piped music throughout the hotel - at breakfast and on the roof terrace it was loud and the same chill-out CD playing for 4 days solid. Almost 拢40 for two to have breakfast! Barcelona was amazing though - we loved it.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>thfc
<Content>Excellent Boutique Hotel Really stylish room in a hotel that's well located...not much here in the way of services but then that's not what the hotel is all about...the suites are awesome with particulary nice bathrooms.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Braton
<Content>Fabulous boutique hotel -- misses the mark on service We spent three nights at the Neri in early September. What a nice surprise of a place as you enter from the Barri Gotic. Fabulous ambience, nice accomodations. (And believe it or not we had a brave cab driver who actually dropped us at the door!) Truly a special 'boutique hotel' but alas, I must nod in agreement with all those other reviewers who are criticizing the service. We prefer the boutique hotel experience because of the personalized attention and service one typically gets at hotels in this category. While the Neri tries to position itself as a boutique hotel, it really does disappoint on service. The staff, while eager to please, just doesn't have the training or experience. What a shame...would we stay again?...hmmm...tough one. We loved being in the Barri Gotic. We would definitely want to stay in that area again but the service at the Hotel Neri would have to really improve to win us back. My advice to those considering a stay at the Neri would be, if future reviews indicate that the service has improved and that management finally 'gets' what their shortcomings are, book at the Neri. If they get the service right, it would be a fabulous place to stay!  
<Date>Nov 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>Jim0001
<Content>Awful service! What a shame - this hotel has so much potential - superb location, very chic and stylish, and with some super design features. However, in common with so many of the comments I have now read below, we found the service to be shocking. This hotel simply cannot justify it's 4 star price tag when it employs 1 star staff. The staff in any hotel are what really make it and you can excuse all sorts of problems if they are dealt with efficiently and in the right way. But at this hotel they have no idea what the service industry is about and made our stay very difficult from start to finish. Don't touch this hotel with a bargepole - over-rated and overpriced.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>djb1gator
<Content>Very Hip       Neri Hotel Barcelona  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jetsetter741
<Content>A perfect hideaway Loved the neri. From the scent of the lobby once you enter through sleek glass doors, the modern juxtaposed stylishly with the historical. The rooms were gorgeous, we loved the attention paid to design and detail. Loved the flat screen TV. Loved the unique lighting in the bathroom. Loved that the hotel was set in an oasis of calm amidst bustling Barcelona and yet centrally located. Definitely great for loved-up couples looking for a dirty weekend getaway!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>malcovemagnesia
<Content>very modern boutique hotel with minor problems       Are these stools? They look cool tho!  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	2	4	4	4	

<Author>SBandSS
<Content>Small, intimate, well located Stayed at the Neri in April, and found the hotel to be very much as described elsewhere! Situated down a small road close to the Gothic Cathedral, the Neri is fantastically well situated in the Gothic quarter, placing you very much in the centre of Barcelona, making it an excellent base for exploring.The hotel is decorated in soft and plush fabrics, and the staff were all polite and helpful during our stay and when booking. The hotel arranged tickets for a Barcelona football match in advance for us, with the tickets arriving at the hotel on the day of the game. Our room was a Junior Suite, which was a reasonable size and and on the top floor. Quiet in the evening, in the day you got noise from children playing in the square below, though don't let this put you off as it in no way intrudes. Be prepared to get lost in the Gothic quarter - it truly can be a maze until you get your bearings, but there's much to enjoy from getting a little lost, as there are shops, streets, markets, restaurants and cafes seemingly every way you turn. We had the hotel arrange a car to pick us up from the airport. On your first visit this is probably worthwhile - though be aware that this is just a normal black and yellow taxi that the hotel sends. You'll be impressed by his ability to get the car down streets barely wider than the wing mirrors though!All in all, the hotel meets expectations - it's clean, comfortable, stylish, and was a nice place to stay. If I was returning to Barcelona, I would look at other hotels simply to give us a variety of experiences, but I would also recommend the Neri to others. In summary - the Neri is good, but somehow falls short of being great!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>beachbella6905
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Fantastic Location The Neri Hotel is in a fantastic location within the heart of the old Gothic section of Barcelona. The hotel itself really is quite spectacular and has all the amenities that you would want, with the exception of a gym. The staff is incredibliy friendly and helpful. We found the restuarant at the hotel to have great food, but to be very over-priced, but since you are located so centrally, you can walk within 5 minutes to find a number of other great places to eat. If you are looking for a funky, boutique hotel in the heart of Barcelona, this is the one. Note to travellers: we arrived as a large group and took three taxi's to the hotel and none of the taxi's knew exactly where the hotel was situated. Print out directions before you go to help your taxi as the hotel is nestled within the old gothic section and can be VERY hard to find the first time around.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JosieL67
<Content>Perfect hideaway My husband and I booked two nights in Barcelona, away from our toddler, and this was the perfect hangout!The hotel is hidden down the passages of the Gothic Quarter, but is within walking distance of anything you might want to do.For us this was sleep... which we managed... and go out late for some caipirinhas at Schilling and some fab tapas at Taller de Tapas...Our room 303 was big with a balcony and large bathroom. Couldn't falt it. The staff, contrary to other reviews, were extremely helpful and the room service Classic Breakfast a must!!!No pool - which would have been nice, but the quirkiness of the hotel makes up for it. You are staying somewhere quite different and special...  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Candy/Battersea
<Content>Fantastic beautiful boutique hotel My fiance and I recently stayed at the Neri in a junior suite located on the third floor. The quietness of the room was fantastic, the best 5 nights sleep we have had in ages. We did not have a balcony but our room overlooked the square which was really lovely. The housekeeping was excellent, the bed extremely comfortable and the fixtures and fittings really chic, we disagree with previous reviews of the furniture being Ikea ish. The staff do not fawn all over you but when utilised were friendly and courteous. They did book a table for us at a michelin starred restaurant at short notice. It is a welcome respite from the heat entering the hotel as it is quite dark and very cool after being out in the heat. There aren't lots of facilities in the hotel so if you want a swimming pool etc then this is the not the hotel for you but is is unique and in a fabulous location, the catedral literally up the road and it is fabulous staying in the gothic quarter. It is really easy to get anywhere in Barcelona pretty much from here. Did not eat in the hotel restaurant but it does have a very good reputation and there is a fabulous little place called buenos migas not far from the hotel that does amazing foccacias and yoghurt with fruit for breakfast costing about 9 euros for 2 with coffee. Barcelona is an amazing city and my fiance and I could easily have stayed for longer and felt relaxed after staying at the Neri would thoroughly recommend it to anyone who wants something that little bit different.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Cotswolds
<Content>Great boutique hotel in central location We were delighted with this hotel. If you like intimate hotels with strong contemporary design, this is the one for you.The location couldn't be better. It's in the middle of the Barrio Gothic right by the cathedral. Plenty of places to eat out within easy walking distance.Contrary to the reviewers below, we found the service excellent. The staff are young, keen to please and they all spoke very good English. They responded quickly to anything we asked for.We booked a junior suite on the third floor with a terrace. We couldn't fault the design of the room- spacious, good lighting, large bed, flat screen TV, DVD and CD player. Good size bathroom with a tub plus shower.Some of the reviewers below have complained about noise, but we asked for and got a quiet room which didn't overlook the children's play area.The bar on the roof terrace is a bit of a let down and was empty when we went up there. It isn't really a bar, as you phone down for drinks to be brought up to you. Not much of a view either.Breakfast was spot on. We didn't try the restaurant as it has no choices for vegetarians, but we ate really well at Tragaluz, Cuines Santa Caterina and Agua which all had good veggie selections.We would definitely stay at the Neri again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>natureloverCA
<Content>bad service, great location The good news, this location can't be beat, it's in the middle of everything you would want to see or do in Barcelona.The bad news - the service is HORRIBLE. We travel frequently and stay in many differnent types of properties. This was hands down the worst service I've ever gotten at a hotel (regardless of price). I am not a fussy traveler and usually don't need anything from my hotel staff.This staff, however goes out of their way to make you feel unwelcome.Their attitude is only matched by their incompetence. We booked 3 months in advance a junior suite. We were given a standard room, without a word. Like we wouldnt notice the difference! Unbelievable! We complained, and after much rangling (and tons of attitude) were given a suite after agreeing to pay a lot more (and waiting a full day). It was huge and beautiful (#106), but very loud and dark. Knowing that we wouldn't be able to handle switching again, we put in earplugs and made the best of it. They refused to exchange travellers checks (in euros) and on top of it, didn't know where to change money. Upon our late arrival the restaurant they sent us to was closed, and the requested wake-up calls never happened. They are a disaster. The hotel itself is beautiful, but the staff has got to go. I can't believe the owner puts up with this.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	5	1	1	2	

<Author>AdventurerHamburg
<Content>Neri has spoilt       view  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	2	2	5	

<Author>morevacation
<Content>Can do better... My girlfriend and I stayed at the Neri in April 2007. We discussed and agreed on the following:1) Location: right smack in the middle of the gothic maze, thus very close to many restaurants and sites. Would have been difficult to find, but the hotel arranged for transportation right to the door which was convenient (we recommend this, only costs a bit more than using a taxi). If safety is on your mind, generally this is a safe area. However, we were the vicitim of a purse snatcher...which we were told is common in these winding streets. Just leave your stuff in the safe box and all should be fine. You would be hanging out in these streets whether you were staying at the Neri anyway, thus don't let this be a determining factor in your decision.2) Facilities: really, there isn't much in this regard. There is a sleepy restuarant and a roof top with chairs, but no real bar scene or service for that matter...def not a place you want to be hanging out...boring. Internet access in the library but what hotel for over $350 bucks a night doesn't have this?3) Rooms: very cool intereior, mix of dark cave like stone and soft colors made for a comfortable, modern, room. Flat screen TV, but like the rest of the hotels in spain, I hope you like CNN. Shower was nice, but I have no clue why they made the room so dark...honestly, you can barely see to shave, put on make-up, etc...its sort of strange. The bed was very comfortable and the climate controls worked to perfection.4) Service: indifferent at best. Odd to me, but I felt at times like my being at the hotel was an inconvenience. There is no real doorman, just people wondering around. Upon arrival, we were asked just to leave our bags in the lobby and walk around as the room wasn't ready (which is fine), but as we were leaving I swear our bags were just left and there wasn't a single person left to look over them, move them, or whatever. Don't expect anything from anyone. This crowd doesn't bother you, they just don't want you to bother them.5) Noise: as noted by other reviewers, these rooms are really noisy. Some of it comes from school kids during the day (we really didn't care about this because we were out playing in the City). But late at night, or in the morning, footsteps could be heard, voices, etc. Not sure where it originates from, but it was loud and clear.Overall, we enjoyed Barcelona, but you can do better for a place to stay. I think any buzz over the Neri is withering away (if it's not gone already), and it is enjoying its final gasps of popularity. Even the staff seems to be growing bored.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	3	5	2	1	3	

<Author>candlewaxUk
<Content>lovely hotel, but Due to a mix-up by a booking agency, 4 extra rooms were booked in ourname. Instead of the hotel staff sorting this with the agency, they expected us to sort in the middle of our holiday. They even suggestedwe may have to pay 5 x over! Eventually it was sorted, but the hotel staff offered no formal apology or compensation. Sleepless night and stress do not make for a good holiday. Could not recommend the hotel as the staff did not deal correctly and professionally with this problem  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	5	2	1	-1	

<Author>Lorraine1976
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Madmax1304
<Content>Great place shame about the staff We spent three nights there in April. The hotel location and rooms are great, but the staff attitudes let the hotel down. I've been lucky enough to stay in some great hotels over the years, and they've all had the same thing, great staff! Not something that I would say about the Neri, although there were some exceptions. Breakfast service was offhand to say the least, a second cup of coffee was a bit of an effort for our waitress. Roof terrace is lovely, rooms and bathrooms are great, our room service dinner was expensive and very poor. Some great restaurants around, try Pla, fabulous setting, food and staff! The Neri could take some lessons  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>frenchwinos
<Content>totally "underwhelmed" Having read the reviews on trip advisor we decided to treat ourselves to a special hotel. Given the price we were paying (even booking last minute) we had high expectations of the Neri. The hotels location is excellent although we do agree with other reviewers it is a little hard to find. Although the building is architecturally very interesting the interior is somewhat lacking. We found the reception staff to be aloof and uninterested. Our room was okay but nothing special. Some of the furniture even looked like it had been knocked together at ikea! On a plus point the bed was huge and very comfy.The bathroom was on the small side and for the price and style of hotel we would have expected a walk in shower - not a badly designed shower over a spongy bath that leaked onto the floor. As advertised in the room we decided to have a drink on the roof terrace. Orders had to be placed by telephone, there was no menu and the staff taking the call were very unhelpful. The waitress who brought the drinks up was very unfriendly as if she resented having to bring drinks to the fourth floor!The electricity kept going off in our room and we had to ring reception to have it switched back on. When we mentioned this again on check out the receptionist said oh and continued with her paper work.We did not eat in the restaurant or have breakfast at the hotel ( 25 - 84 euros per person !)The hotel is just okay. We do not feel it is anything special and definitely not worth the money they are charging. Maybe six years ago it was seen as something different in Barcelona but other hotels have caught up and over taken the Neri. It is tired and over priced. Friends we were with stayed at the Camper which seemed much better value all round.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>dimsum
<Content>Romantic and stylish stay Like many other hotels in Spain, this hotel was accommodated in an old building. It was a lovely small hotel. We stayed three nights there, two nights in a junior suite and one night in a standard room. Originally we planned to stay all the three nights in the junior suite but it was already full for the final night when I made the reservation (almost one month ahead already). So, make the reservation earlier.LocationThe hotel was situated in the heart of the Barri Gotic. Very close to the plaza (within 2 mins walk) where the Correfoc and the Castellers show were during the biannual festival. The hotel was not located right on the major road, not easy to find. Ask the hotel to pick you up at the plaza or the metro station.RoomBoth the standar room and the junior suite were fantastic. Tastefully appointed, plasma TV, beautiful and good quality toiletries, mood lighting...... All made you feel being pampered. I really liked the room and the bathroom. It was not difficult to note that they used high quality materials / accessories to decorate the room. Worth the little extra for the junior suite. If you can't book a suite, a standard room is still good enough.ServiceWarm and friendly. We were taken care of all the time by the staff. They offered a welcome drink made from rose petals, it was romatic but tasted a bit strange (like drinking liquid soap). Nothing was too much trouble. Similing face on every staff.FoodWe tried a breakfast there. Lots of food and presented in a special way. Not good value but worth a try. It was a playful experience.FacilitiesThis was the weakest aspect of the hotel if you compared it with big five star hotels. There was a small library on the G/F and bikes for rental. I like this hotel very much. It was my favorite in my whole journey in Spain. It was a lovely and stylish boutique hotel embraced with culture and history.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>sgstark
<Content>A haven in the city Stayed at the Neri for three nights in October for a wedding aniversary. We asked for a quite room and got 305 which must be one of the quitest rooms in the city, the only noise we heard during our stay was a muted refuse lorry collection around 11 pm each evening.As the previous correspondents have said do not miss the breakfasts a delightful experience.We also ate in the hotel restaurant which was excellent, interesting menu choices and wines. We asked the staff for some restaurant recomendations and were particulary pleased with the Raco d'en Cesa where we had a fabulous meal with beautifuly matched wines.Overall if you are looking for a city hotel for a romantic break the Neri is a perfect match.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PrivyChamber
<Content>Starkly elegant Ultra modern juxtaposed with the 18th century made this hotel unique and memorable. The location is fabulous, the staff helpful and friendly. Language is a non issue. Our room was starkly elegant with neutral grays and browns accented by sharp colors in the painting, which hung over the bed. A dimmer switch controls ambient lighting. The bath was stunning and had all the toiletries anyone could need, including a sample of Armani perfume. Internet access is 鈥渙n the house鈥? Simply ask for a cable.To avoid the hassle of schlepping luggage through the cobbled streets of Barri Gothic, ask the hotel to arrange transportation. As a rule cabs are not allowed on the pedestrian streets of the old city. To break the traffic rules, the cab drivers will add 30-40 Euro to the fare. We felt the convenience well worth it. Although we did not partake in the hotel鈥檚 evening dinner, we did indulge in the breakfast on our final morning. They call it a personal buffet. We sat down in the restaurant and waited several minutes. Never saying a word or acknowledging our presence, the waitress brought out a Japaneese style tray filled with food. Expensive, unique and filling, it consisted of freshly squeezed Valencia orange juice, assorted hams, fresh fruits (some of which I had never before seen), coffee, cereals and pastries.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Le_Dap
<Content>Can't fault the Neri We stayed here for two nights during a 9 day journey from England through France to a villa in Spain and this hotel was the most luxurious of all. The only downside was that we arrived by car and as the hotel is in a pedestrianised area almost next to the old Cathederal in the Barri Gotic, we had to park in the public carpark in Placa D'Antoni Maura and haul or luggage to the hotel. It was worth it!The hotel is housed in an historic building but is sympathetically modernised to a wonderful degree. The bedrooms are very well equipped, elegantly decorated and artistically lit. Our well proportioned bathroom had rough granite tiling, a good bath and shower, a heated mirror to prevent misting and excellent lighting.We did not eat in the restaurant in the evenings as we were with vegetarian friends and the menu didn't appear very veggie friendly but the breakfasts were outstanding. There were excellent choices for all including a tray of fresh fruits, breads, yoghurt, meusli, cheese and hams and the additional option to order eggs of any description plus bacon and sausage. A breakfast here can truly last all day!If we go back to Barcelona (and it is always worth an additional visit) we will definitely stay here.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>funkdom
<Content>Fantastic Hotel This was our second stay in Barcelona and the fact that we enjoyed it so much more this time was largely due to this hotel. It is in a superb location, the suite was fabulous and the service and food first rate. The hotel has a very chilled atmosphere balanced with impeccable facilities and staff. The decor is gorgeous and the fact that there are only 22 rooms makes for an intimate and relaxing experience. We can't wait to return.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JennyPearman
<Content>Romantic Gothic Hideaway Hotel Neri is gorgeous! It's tucked away in the gothic quarter and is an oasis of luxurious calm. This is the perfect hotel for a romantic stay in a fantastic city. The location is superb. Have dinner in the hotel restaurant at least once, the food is delicious. The breakfasts are amazing, try the french toast. I loved everything about the hotel!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iarumas
<Content>Cool, chic design hotel Just spent 4 days at the Neri to kick off a 2-week trip to Spain. I booked it after doing an exhaustive search of Barcelona's high-end hotels, and I was very happy with the outcome.The Neri is fantastically located just a block from the Cathedral and is a 5-minute walk from the trendy Born area and its tapas restaurants. Anyone going, though, should arrive armed with a good map--not the one from the Neri's website--because taxi drivers have no idea where the hotel is and don't even realize you can drive in what many think is an exclusively pedestrian zone. So we found ourselves hoofing it for a few minutes, asking for directions from passers-by, until finally finding success. Once you know where you are, however, it's no problem since you can just ask for Placa Catedral, which is only a couple minutes on foot.The hotel is an expert renovation of an old Gothic mansion, really stylish and design-forward. The commons areas are warm, chic, inviting. The rooms are a bit cramped, but impeccably done, so that didn't bother us. The bathrooms, done in granite blocks evocative of the Gothic walls outside, are fabulous--and come with excellent products.We only had breakfast at the hotel--good but expensive.The staff is attentive but largely uninterested, as mentioned by another reviewer. They are willing to help if asked, but certainly don't strive to go beyond the minimum. If you're independent like us, and can laugh it off that the staff is too trendy for their own good, you'll be fine. If you need to stay somewhere where you feel like the staff are your best friends, then you won't be happy with the service. I did visit a friend at the Hotel Arts--one of the biggest and most expensive hotels in town--on the last night of our stay. And while the Arts is certainly luxurious and somewhat cool, it comes nowhere near the style and personality that the Neri boasts.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>RossGP
<Content>Wow! We spent four nights at the Neri at the end of August beginning of September.When we arrived at the airport, we had to help our taxi driver to find the best place to drop us off. We had about a 2 minute walk to get to the hotel. We arrived a little hot and flustered after getting a bit lost but were welcomed with drinks and very efficient friendly staff.As it was our anniversary we found a bottle of Cava in our room which was most welcome. The rooms are really modern with fantastic granite bathrooms, cool lighting and very cleanThe restaurant at the Neri, though expensive is very good quality, but plenty of restaurants to choose from nearby.The location is the best thing about this hotel. Totally central and surrounded by narrow streets, tiny squares with fountains and a cathedral.We loved this place and would say this is probably the best hotel to stay in if visiting Barcelona, mainly for location but also it is genuinely a beautiful hotel  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Quiconque
<Content>Nice but . . . A stunning and unique property. Very well appointed rooms and bathrooms with excellent detail. However.Our room was at the back of the hotel and faced a charming courtyard . . . which filled with children several times a day. Sometimes the racket of kids laughing and playing was nice, sometimes it was a bother.We went there on our honeymoon for some pampering before a trip to the countryside in France. We were not pampered. The hotel is wonderful, but we felt pretty disposable. The staff was always courteous and professional, but the personal touch was totally lacking. Of course, no one felt as special about our wedding as we did, but we had hoped for something more than nice digs.The hotel is located in the old quarter. The narrow streets are not very well lit at night and can seem very seedy and not so safe. We never felt in danger, but unless you're used to walking down very narrow streets with moderate to poor lighting and the sound of drunken revelry around many corners, this neighborhood might feel a little sketchy.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>AbbyThompson
<Content>Stunning and unique hotel! My other half booked this on the sly having seen it in the Mr  Mrs Smith guide, as he was looking for somewhere a bit different to propose. The Neri didn't disappoint, we had a lovely suite overlooking a quiet little square next to the Cathedral. The hotel was very cool, full of beautiful people and we were spoilt rotten for the 3 nights we were there. Would definitely recommend the Neri for a special occasion as it is a bit on the expensive side - the huge room service breakfast brought to you at 11.00 am is the height of decadence! We will be back...  
<Date>Jul 27, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very charming and stylish hotel My husband and I stayed at the Neri for 3 nights - and loved it. Wonderful , helpful staff , lovely rooms and an outstanding terrace . Very nice bathroom amenities and super linens-a choice of satin, cotton or linen. The room was beautifully appointed although just a little bit dark. A large mirror in the bedroom would be helpful. Otherwise, a perfect hotel-we'll be back and will recommend it hightly.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>johnlinks
<Content>great Hotel I booked this hotel for my wife鈥檚 40th birthday. This hotel was one of the best I have ever stayed in. The service was second to the none and the hotel was excellently located in the old Bari Gothic district.The general decoration of the hotel and rooms was impressive to say the least. The hotel even e-mail you for your choice of music and bed linen upon arrival in your room! If travelling by taxi from the airport use any of the well marked yellow cabs outside as this only costs about 22 euros and is no more than about 20 mins journey depending on traffic.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A liitle extra but worth it! The reviews for the Neri are generally very favourable and this is why we chose to stay there. They were very helpful booking the taxis to and from the hotel, (50 euro's if you want to go direct to the door as streets are VERY narrow).The room was small but lovely AND very, very clean. We ate in the resteraunt twice, once at the last minute due to an upset elswhere. The food was excellent, even when my daughter sent the food back twice as she only wanted her food steamed, with no dressing what so ever, they remained polite and did everything to please her. Service above and beyound the call of duty. (Breakfasts were overwhelming, 1 could be shared between 2)We found all the staff very kind and helpful, particularly when I had an accident, it happened away from the hotel but they still gave me brilliat first aid!I am not easily impressed, or easily pleased, but I do think the Neri desrves an above average rating. IF things upset you talk to them, I have no doubt they will help if it is at all possible. Just remember, the impossible may take a little longer.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Barbern
<Content>Barcelona's Hidden Gem Having visited Barcelona many times I can safely say that Hotel Neri is the besthotel I have stayed in.The only downside is that it is quite difficult to find first time around. I took a taxi from the Airport and the driver was unsure as to the location of the Neri as it is tucked away up a pedestrianised street.Having said that, the quiet location somehow adds to it's charm and Clientele such as David Bowie and Lou Reed (check the guest book) have used this to their advantage.The hotel is built from stone and is very dark but somehow the lighting and super cool decor gives it a warm and calming atmosphere. The rooms are excellent, very nicely lit and equipped with everything you could possibly need including some very nice Etro toiletries.I'm not sure about the dining at Hotel Neri as I didn't eat dinner there and rushed out before breakfast. The staff, who spoke excellent English were courteous without making a huge fuss but were happy to help when needed.Hotel Neri is a design hotel but it is much better and cheaper than similar hotels I have stayed in I would definitely recommend the Neri to both couples and business travellers.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor Service betrays an otherwise good hotel My wife and I visited Neri Hotel for New Year. We booked a Junior Suite for two nights and chose Neri over Arts, due to its proximity to the New Year celebrations and after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor.The majority of reviews are accurate when discussing the location (which is excellent) and the decor/ambiance (which, again, was very pleasant). The rooms are well designed. They are rather more modern than the surroundings of the Gothic quarter, but we knew that. Comfortable beds and a stylish bathroom created a relaxing environment.So what was the problem? Well, for a four star hotel that charges me EUR 332 for a night, I expect a lot more. It was difficult for us not to compare with Santa Mauro in Madrid, where we had stayed a month before, for the same price and which oozed efficiency and courtesy. Neri was nothing on this, or indeed many other hotels we have stayed in (particularly those that charge the same prices).We arrived at 23.30 after a late flight from London. The hotel knew that this would be our arrival time (and as it was Friday evening, I would imagine the hotel has had experience of many people taking a flight after work to spend the weekend in Barcelona). There was one person manning the front desk and no other staff (whether porter or receptionist or indeed anybody else) were available. And so, we were not shown to our room, and carried our own bags there. We were not shown how to operate the TV or the Aircon or shown where the well-hidden mini bar was (we now know) or even offered a newspaper for the following morning or told that we could order breakfast for our room by filling in a form and placing it on the door. As a perennial back-pain sufferer, I was pleased to see I could get a firm pillow, but displeased to find out that I could not do so after 9pm as house-keeping was closed (despite the information in our room proudly advertising the fact that a range of pillows was available)! Then we found out the TV didn't actually work.The next day, when we mentioned all of this to the supervisor, she could not have looked more disinterested or acted more discourteously if she tried (the manager was only available from Monday - Friday, and was not around at weekends.This was a shame, for Barcelona is a wonderful city, the hotel is a fabulous building in an excellent location and the staff (with the exception of the supervisor) were very friendly and welcoming, although rather stretched. But if a hotel expects to compete with others in the top end of the market, it needs to consider the bigger picture. Service sets one hotel apart from other hotels, which is why the Neri failed to justify its expensive room rates and why next time I am Barca, I will stay at the Arts.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wola
<Content>Clone the Neri I just spent three nights at the Neri and came away overwhelmed by its minimalist elegance and utterly wonderful ambience. The room was delightful (we had a superior double) with your choice of music, bed linens, and newspapers. Those who find it difficult to find are a bit dim as the hotel is located right next to the Cathedral of Barcelona which is a rather simple landmark. Since the hotel is in a pedestrian zone, the noise levels were minimal and the hotel staff is utterly accomodating. I cannot recommend this hotel enough...I wish there were Neris everywhere I travelled.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aion
<Content>Very stylish hotel             View from a window  
<Date>Dec 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Arthurdud
<Content>excellent Neri Stayed there in November 2005. Superior room 203. Very atmospheric - different but good. Own LCD TV,CD player (borrow CDs from reception), decor and comfort superb, breakfasts bit expensive at 18 euro but good. Not all taximen can find. Watch pickpockets around Cathedral.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lovely hotel. shame about the twin bed. Had heard about the hotel through a friend living in the city. Taxi driver wasn't exactly sure where it was but 20 minutes later we found it. A lovely place down a little side street. The hotel is everything you could want. Beautiful surroundings, great feel to the place, everything was perfect except our 'double bed' room turned out to be a twin bed stuck badly together (something not uncommon in spain, but this was badly stuck together!). Upon requesting a change of bed they showed us the only other room available which had a regular double bed. But alas this room was nothing compared to our orginal (which had lovely views of the coutyard). So if you decide to stay; room 202 has lovely views of the courtyard, just request a regular double bed!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Mixed-Bag       Our room  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel.Pity about the breakfast service! We enjoyed our three nights at the Neri apart from breakfast.The service in the dining room on the first morning was poor despite only eight people being in the dining room.We had to ask for refills of tea or coffee when we managed to attract the attention of the two members of staff. We realised after the first morning that you had to make a point of asking for the cooked breakfast on the first encounter with a member of staff. We cancelled our evening meal which we had booked for the Saturday evening because of the offhand service at breakfast.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'm in heaven... We have just been staying at the Hotel Neri for five nights. And I must say - this hotel impressed me big time! The atmosphere and the staff is just beyond anything I have ever experienced.If you are looking for a romantic hotel in Barcelona, the Hotel Neri is the only place to stay. It's expensive but worth every penny. This is not nice to visit, but need to visit.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unique Experience This hotel came recommended by our friend who lives in Barcelona.We spent one night at the Neri and we are so glad we did. It was so beautiful inside the lobby and our room was artistically decorated. The interior of the room was masculine, so men like it, but also elegant for the women. There was stone and wood throughout the room and unique lighting which made the room warm and cozy. The bed linens are the best and you have five choices of sheet types (silk, linen, etc). We met some people in the bar and the bartender was friendly. It was the first time we spoke English in 10 days so it was like an oasis. We ate some tapas at the bar which were excellent. The only thing to be aware of is that it can be difficult to find this oasis. We were too tired to really be able to clearly follow a map to the hotel. There needs to be some signage in the area. Not the fault of Neri Hotel. Once we got there we cared less about how long it took us to find it.This is a unique experience you must try.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous! We stayed at the Neri for five nights in September with a group of 12 other friends. The hotel was terrific. The location was perfect and Sant Felipi Square was beautiful. Though there was some noise from the square, it was easily remedied by shutting our windows each night. The rooms were spacious and modern and every member of our group was very happy with the accommodations. A few people stated it was the best hotel they had ever stayed in! The hotel staff in particular was fabulous and extremely patient and gracious--making reservations, assisting with a scavenger hunt, and helping individuals on matters like internet access, finding our tour bus driver for a wine tour, arranging taxi's for large groups, a wine party in the library, and taking group photos. We couldn鈥檛 have been happier and will always choose this hotel in Barcelona.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>EmilieV7
<Content>Beware We would be writing a review of this hotel had they not TOTALLY screwed up our reservations for two rooms. The only way we discovered this error was by dropping by the Neri 2 weeks before our planned visit (we were staying at the wonderful Casa Camper in July 2005) and having been urged to also try the Neri by friends in Barcelona we had made reservations there for our return to Barcelona in early August. In any event, during our little visit to the Neri we were told that they had lost our reservations despite the fact that we had the confirming emails with us and had exchanged multiple emails with the staff. The most appalling thing was that the hotel offered us nothing! Not even an apology. They just said: sorry we're full and don't know how this happened.... This does make one wonder about this hotel. We returned in August 05 instead to the Casa Camper which we love and can highly recommend.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>MarionMontgomery
<Content>A few missing facts - I'll not repeat the majority of what has been said, its a great place and without any doubt better than any other hotel in Barca.Ideal for romantics but NOT under 12's, even though they will add an extra bed for 50Euros a night.Just a few adds.It is VERY VERY difficult to locate, we were there for 2 nights and got lost every time we ventured out - and even the owner of the bar in the next alley way didn't know where they were!!!Book a superior room - they have a safe + they face the square and not the adjacent apartments.Don't expect a scenic view from any window though!Breakfast is expensive at 18Euros ...BUT...like the place itself its an experience, don't miss it out!Barca is, contrary to popular opinion, a safe place if you take care and be sensible.Sadly the square behind the hotel is very peaceful, so it attracts some vagrants, we counted 5 one evening- who enjoy the delights of sleeping on cardboard in the corners.They aren't agressive, they just want to sleep- but it does take the gloss off you enjoying the opulence from within- guilt maybe??????They can't get rid of them as the police say they aren't breaking the law.Restaurants start serving at 9pm onwards- plenty to choose from.PLA, which is just around the corner from Neri is ideal if you don't want to walk too far- good food as well.The Neri is not cheap - but for a short stay its well worth it.Not just a place to stay but an experience - much enhanced if you like the smell of joss sticks , being attended to by beautiful people and appreciate detail - such as the condoms in the mini bar - honest!!! :)  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChaunceySF
<Content>Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else! Spent five nights in the Neri before a cruise, and loved every minute of it. The rooms are beautiful, with plasma TV, CD player, dimmers on all the lighting, exquisitely comfortable beds, and the most wonderful bathroom to be found in any hotel anywhere!The staff was gracious and accommodating, catering to our every whim. The location is perfect - right in the heart of the old area, on a pedestrian street with no traffic noise. Yes, it is a little hard to find your first time there (use their airport pickup service just to spoil yourself and avoid any trouble getting there the first time) but once you are there you won't want to leave!Rooms are fully equipped (with a safe big enough for storing your valuables), and the amenities provided are top notch. If it is hot (as it was during our stay) the air-conditioning is outstanding - you can pratically cause frost on your windows if you like. They change the towels during nightly turn down service if you have even moved them during the day.All in all - I would go back there in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great boutique hotel 2 nights at the Neri proved to be a fabulous choice! The hotel is located adjacent to the Cathedral, but on a quiet pedestrian street slightly off the beaten path. The service was nothing to brag about, but the rooms were modern and new. (Expensive food and no snacks or ability to bottled water, though.) Great amenities and great shower! Especially great for an American used to American hotels and shocked by European room sizes and styles. The front desk operates as concierge desk and everyone wears multiple hats at this property. Note: I recommend having the hotel send for a taxi to meet you at the airport as most people do not know this property.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thieves in the hotel!!! WARNING: watch out for your belongings at all time.We would have loved our two day staying at this precious hotel if it wouldn't have turned to the nightmare of being stolen in our own room by its personel. The hotel management declines all responsability and never take any step to disclose what happened. The appartements are nice, decoration original, but no design is worthy lack of security. Stay away from this hotel, it isn't worthy the trouble.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LondonBlonde
<Content>Fantastic hotel offering great value and friendly service We visited the Neri for a long weekend in October to sightsee Barcelona, party and relax. In arrival in the early morning our room was not ready, and we were shown to a library/salon to wait and given complimentary drinks by the friendly and helpful staff.The hotel is in the old town and is a small boutique style venue. Our room had a high vaulted ceiling, was spacious and beautifully furnished, completed with plasma tv and cd player. The fantastic bathroom was unusual and stylish with slate floor and tiling. We enjoyed a gorgeous breakfast in bed - the food was pricey but delicious.The hotel is ideally located in the old town of Barcelona and provides an excellent place for sightseeing. I would recommend this hotel to everyone except families with children  
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best part of my vacation-Gothic Barcelona Spent 2 weeks in Spain - Madrid, Mallorca and Barcelona. The best was staying at the Hotel Neri in the Barri Gotic district (the old city) of Barcelona. This 22 room converted house, boutique hotel was simply delightful and the staff were extemely delightful, helpful and accommodating. Wandering this area of narrow streets and small restaurants and shops was fun while still being close enough to walk to La Rambla, upscale shopping on Passeig de Gracia and other sightseeing venues. We rented bikes close by (although the hotel does have electric bikes for the use of guests) and rode through the Gothic Quarter and down by the port and beaches. In addition the restaurant in the hotel was magnificent--one of the best 3 meals we ate in Spain. (And I was traveling with a food snob who had a list of restaurants recommended by other food snobs and Zaggat). Try the Mushroom Cannelonis. Yum!  
<Date>Jun 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>socal4me
<Content>great experience! My husband and I stayed at the Hotel Neri for 2 nights June 5 - 7, 2005 upon termination of our cruise. what would have made this the 'excellent' category would have been a shelf in the separate shower to put soap on. One has to put soap and other toiletries on the floor and then bend down to retireve them.other than that, the separate soaking tub was wonderful, great water pressure! nice thick bathrobes and slippers are provided as well. Improved lighting in the bathroom would be nice as wellroom 301 is lovely with 2 plasma tvs, 3 stations in english. furnishings are comfortable.the hotel has an enviable location in the middle of the Barri Gothic, just down the alley from the Cathedral. It is an easy walk to Las Ramblas and Plaza Catalunya where the busturistico is based.The staff is warm and personable, and although we were there early, we ony had to wait about 40 minutes, (while we waited we received esprssos in the hotel library) and were able to enter the room around 11am. I was very impressed.Be sure to use the taxi service that's recommended for the trip to the airport as our driver from the port never heard of the place and it is in a pedestrian zone. The hotel may be pricey, but I believe it is well worth it.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Blue_Eyed_Wanderer
<Content>Good but not Great I stayed with a friend at the Neri in early May. I thought I was great with maps but we really did have trouble finding it as both our maps were not accurate and showed an extra little street that did not exist! On arrival mid afternoon we were told our room was not ready - not a good start. After getting up at 5 am to catch 2 flights to get there, this was not the welcome we expected. After a 30 minute wait, we were shown to our twin room which overlooked the square. The room itself was OK but not what I had expected from reading the other positive reviews on this website. It was quite small, with very low lighting and very noisy. Noise from the rooms next door and mainly from the square below. If you want a lie in do not have a room overlooking the square! The school children woke me up early every morning and I was awoken twice in the middle of the night by gypsies singing and clapping in the square. The bathroom was lovely - exposed stone walls made it very atmospheric although our shower did leak. The roof top terrace was closed when we arrived. Service on the whole was very good. We didn't have breakfast but had room service which was excellent. On the whole I was a bit let down by the hotel but the location more than made up for it - there really is no better place to be based for exploring the beautiful old town and only a few minutes walk from Las Rambals and the main square where the tourist buses are based.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Paradise in the Heart of Barcelona We discovered Neri as a beautiful small Hotel in the Gothic area of Barcelona. We recommend this Hotel for all people in search of modern but warm design with great feeling for detail. The presentation as well as the quality and variety of the breakfast were amazing. A great souvenir for us and a recommendation for everybody.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>1marklinman
<Content>Three memorable nights at the Neri Because of the good reviews here, I decided to book this hotel for a stay with my wife as a sort of second honeymoon. It was great from beginning to end. The hotel is in a great location in the oldest past of the city near the cathedral. It is small, stylish and ultra-pleasant. It shows that modern design and an old building go along well. The hotel rooms are not the biggest around, but the quality is outstanding with many personal touches. We enjoyed our stay very much and hope to revisit soon.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Helped celebrate a 21st birthday Friendly and helpful, very good position in Barcelona. Hotel staff picked up from passport that it was our daughter's 21st and presented her with bottle of Cava. A lovely hotel we will return to. They recommended good local restaurants and their own looked good although we did not try it. Only minus was that they could not provide a kettle when my trusty travel kettle let us down.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed We have just returned from a three night stay at the Neri. We have previously been delighted with hotels chosen from recommendations from tripadvisor but were a little disappointed with the Neri. The hotel is very atmospheric, the rooms have very dim lighting which is all very well for romance but not so good for putting on make up and doing your hair ( this is of course from a female point of view). Overall we felt that the hotel had been designed to have immediate visual appeal but it fell down when it came down to being user friendly.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Stubbins
<Content>An oasis Stayed at the Neri for 3 nights in March on the strength of recommendations read on TripAdvisor. The reviews weren't wrong. It's probably impossible to convey just what an oasis of calm and tranquility the hotel provides in a location that surely cannot be surpassed.Like most of the other reviewers we'd like to think that sometime very soon we'll be back and that really says it all.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place Just back from 2 day break here. Chose this hotel based on the reviews on this site that all proved spot on. It is a superbly refurbished 'boutique' style hotel. Rooms very well equipped and stylishly designed. Location is tricky to find but that's part of the charm. Once found, you are in a great location in the heart of the Gothic Quarter. Easy walking distance to the main street La Rambla. Didn't eat in the restaurant although it looked very good, but pricey.Staff at the hotel were really helpful throughout our stay.The school mentioned in other reviews is definitely there - but we weren't troubled by the noise at all. All part of the Catalan charm!Would definitely recommend this to anyone thinking about going.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it! My husband and I stayed here for one night and loved it. It has a great feel to it, as it is housed in a very beautiful and old building yet is ultra modern chic. Our favorites were the sleek furniture, flat screen tv in our bedroom, mood music with great system in our room, and the nice terrace, also in our room.The downside to this hotel is we got a bit lost getting there carrying all of our luggage, as it is on a tiny pedestrian street. However, it is my understanding that since we stayed there, they offer really detailed video directions on their website. The neigborhood should keep you on your toes, but as long as you are vigilant it should be no problem. We found some great restaurants in the area and really, it was very centrally located.We would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>English_INTP
<Content>A calm, contemporary hotel in Barcelona's dark gothic heart       Bathroom  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fall in love at the Neri! This hotel is extraodinary in every way! There is no way to explain how fantastic this hotel is, if you are going to Barcelona, try to stay here if at all possible. It is popular and books fast, so plan ahead,Romance and glamor in spades, can't say how much I loved it!Life is short, live well, smile!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sueveed
<Content>Loved it and I can't wait to go back!!! I loved the Neri. I loved the location, the decor, and the staff was awesome. I even loved the food at the restaurant. What else can I say...but I can't wait to go back. If I won the lottery I would consider living here! It is definitely worth upgrading to a junior suite. The price difference is minimal and the room is much larger. The hotel is very small so book early.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>perfect and cosy for a city break!! We stayed here for two nights of our four night holiday in January and it was well worth it!! the rooms get booked up early as there are only about 20 rooms so book early if possible.  The rooms are gorgeous and the staff extremely helpful. The whole hotel seems to be lit only by candels adding to the romantic ambience, although at times it did feel a bit too dark!   I would also splash out for a junior suite - I dont think they are much more expensive.   We ended up with a room that was by the school so unfortunately we did hear the kids in the early morning, but it wasnt so bad.  Staff there recommended Pla restaurant which was amazing and La Fianna bar which is a really cool little bar, neither of these we would have found on our own and are musts while in Barcelona.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nosittap
<Content>Discreet Charms Of The Neri On Tripadvisor comments I booked this hotel for a short 4 day break - we weren't disappointed. It is the perfect small hotel with the emphasis on quality rather than quantity. Having travelled extensively, far too many hotels rely upon offering a plethora of services that guests will never use. The Neri, in common with good hotels, simply concentrates on providing excellent accomodation where a good nights sleep is guaranteed, excellent assistance from the helpful staff, and a wonderful location for sightseeing.The hotel deserves to succeed.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Honeymooning in Neri My husband and I just spent four nights in the Neri Hotel on our honeymoon in Barcelona and would recommend it highly to anyone.Best points - rose flavoured drink on arrival, chilled cava in the room for the honeymoon couple, very large bath (more than enough room for two!) in stone finished bathroom, large plasma screen tv with films on demand, chocolates and weather forecast on your pillow every evening, charming and extremely helpful staff, the beautifully designed roof terrace, and all things considered, pretty reasonable price for what was on offer.Some tips - the restaurant is lovely but pricey, and don't eat until after 9:30pm or you'll feel very conspicuous as you'll be the only ones there and the staff are very attentive. Given the time again, I would not eat there at all, as I felt the experience of eating in the nearby tapas bars was altogether more enjoyable and easier on the wallet. Same goes for breakfast, which can be found for a whole lot cheaper than 18Euros.The walk to the hotel is easy, and the small amount of exercise required will do you good after you spend time in Catalonia eating all the lovely food on offer!The noise from the school can be a bit much, but it's also charming (what nicer noise than kids playing???) It didn't bother us a bit.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debsam3
<Content>Very good We stayed at Neri in Sept, for the first few nights of our honeymoon and loved it. The architecture and design is great. We loved our room. It had a view over San Neri square and we were never bothered by the noise. The rooms are a little on the small side but are laid out very well so we never felt cramped. We loved the location, very central, and never felt concerned for our safety. It is in one of the oldest parts of the city and so there are many narrow alleyways, but tons of shops and people. The walk from where the cabs can drop you off is really not bad, not even a block. We would highly recommend this place to someone interested in staying in a unique hotel.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>leehill1507
<Content>Need to return to the Neri!!       Bedroom  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best! The Hotel Neri is one of the best I've ever stayed in! All of the staff that I ran into were nothing but fabulous, friendly, and accomodating. It is a little noisy, but if you're going to stay in the city, you should expect this! I personally think it added to the charm. You cannot find a better location, close to so many things. We were only there for 1 day and we saw so much just by walking. Cabs do drop you off a little ways away from the hotel but it is not dangerous! My husband and I had no problem walking to the hotel from the cab with 3 suitcases and a carry-on. Contrary to what some people have written, you will not be worn out or perspiring from the walk!! The rooms were ultra-modern and the staff will explain EVERYTHING electronic in your room to you! We would definitely stay here again and have recommended this to many others!! Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just nice... We were not informed about the fact that you have to carry your luggage for more than 5 minutes because the taxi can not get to the hotel. This is not nice specially when is raining.The hotel is very nice but the neighborhood is dangerous and dirty... Not recommendable.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sensational and Unique Spent nine nights in Suite 106 over Christmas/New Years holiday and commend the hotels designers and staff for creating a unique hotel experience - original design, amenities, facilities, comfort - no detail has been over looked. The best of everything without attitude or pomp and circumstance. Beautiful rooms, fabulous food, wonderful people, flawless housekeeping. Glamorous, yet unpretentious and fun - how often can you put those words in one sentence!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel I can not recommend this hotel enough. We stayed for four nights for our honeymoon and couldn't fault the service from the rose scented drinks we were served on arrival to the chocolates and weather forecast they discreetly leave on your pillow while you are out. The location is perfect, right behind the cathedral and 200m from Las Ramblas. The room was huge as was the bed with all the touches you'd expect from a hotel of this class. The only tip would be to give eating in the hotel a miss as there are many fabulous restaurants above the Placa Catalunya for a fraction of the price. Top tip on arrival is to order a glass of champagne on the solarium on the roof - very reasonable.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon Hideaway Hotel Neri is a perfect small, modern, and charming hotel. My wife and I spent our entire 9-day honeymoon in October 2004 at the Hotel Neri and loved every single day. The staff were amazingly helpful and would do anything you asked. The location was perfect for walking all around the old city and quite close to two major Metro stops. Taxis can pull right up to the door depending on the time of day and pedestrian traffic. I suggest you visit the hotel鈥檚 website and look at the videos depicting the approaches to the front door so you can help your driver find the hotel. The TV and stereo system are great and I highly suggest you bring your favorite CDs. The speaker system in the bathroom is just one of the many details that the designers of this hotel put in place to make every aspect of the stay enjoyable. (The volume control is behind the stereo, not in the bathroom). Everything really is well planned out but may be different than you are accustomed to in United States (AV/Lighting Controls , procedures, etc.) We really enjoyed the design elements and the daily attention to detail (cleanliness as well as style) from the staff.You must know that there is no pool (just go the beach) or valet service (you really don鈥檛 need a car) or other things people expect from 鈥? star鈥?hotels but I rate this hotel as first class and would recommend Hotel Neri to anyone who asked. Just don鈥檛 tell too many people so that it maintains its hidden charm. Have a great trip.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lbrown2304
<Content>Would not stay there again We recently spent 2 nights at the Neri. It is a beautiful hotel; however, I must agree that it was incredibly noisy. We never could not hear street noises. This goes on until after 2:30 a.m. Our room was beautiful, ultra modern, but the lighting was very poor.Really the main complaint is the noise level. As nice as the room and employees were, I would not stay there again or recommend it because of the noise.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Sylish, great value in the heart of the gothic quarter We have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Neri which I booked solely on the basis of reviews on this website! I was not disappointed - the room was ready on our arrival, 2 hours before scheduled, we were given an upgrade and shown to the most beautifully designed room. The whole hotel has been recently renovated using fabulous materials and fabrics with a sense of 'no expense spared' whilst retaining old architectural features. The staff were delightful and the price very reasonable. We recently stayed at the Monaco Grand Canal in Venice and thought that could not be surpassed, but considering that this was a third of the price we were amazed by the Neri and would unreservedly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mswoojie
<Content>Modern Trendy Hotel Hotel Neri reminded me of a trendy New York City hotel. It was the most comfortable hotel we stayed at during our 11 day honeymoon in Spain. The staff is very friendly, accomodating and attentive. The amenities in the room are impressive -- flat screen TV, BOSE stereo system. The little tocuhes make this hotel nice -- the roofdeck, the simple modern decor.However, as other travellers have noted, taxis cannot get through the small street in front of the hotel so you have to walk a bit. We were a little apprehensive about the safety of the neighborhood at first but found it to be safe (reminded us of the West Village in NYC). Our biggest problem was the noise from the school outside the hotel. Starting at 8:30am and throughout the morning, children are lined up outside in the mini-square in back of the hotel. Then they have recess until early afternoon --I don't know when they are in class. The noise is just mind-numbing and forced us up every morning. It should be alright during the summers but early September, watch out.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CorkIreland
<Content>Loved Neri Hotel Just returned from 2 nights in Neri Hotel. Best hotel I ever stayed at. In fact, first time I ever loved a hotel room so much I made an effort to keep it tidy! Loved everything - small  quiet (only 20 rooms), really cool decor, mood lighting in bedroom  bathroom, plasma TV, CD player wide selection of CDs, choice of bed linen. Staff on reception very helpful and friendly. Breakfast is amazing - presentation, quantity and quality - well worth 鈧?5 charge. My husband had worried about location in that it is on a quiet pedestrian street but literally 2 minutes from busy square so no problems at all - in fact location was a big plus as near everything. Rooftop solarium lovely - spent an hour there both evenings and had it to ourselves both days.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worth a stay My wife and I just spent part of our honeymoon at Hotel Neri. Firstly, I can't think of a better location for a hotel than this. It is right in the middle of the Gothis quarter which is where most everything is happening and you can walk to so many interesting restaurants, sites. The hotel is on a small, quiet, mostly pedestrian street which I never would have seen without finding the hotel online first. The street however is not a scary or dangerous one at night as it is connected to a much busier street and two large squares which have constant activity on them late into the night. The hotel is gorgeous, ultra sleek and ultra modern and quite something to see. We stayed in a junior suite and the room was absolutley huge, gorgeously decorated and had great A/C. The room was also very quiet. The room has lots of cool amenities which we really didn't use (2 large plasma screen tv's, cd player in main area and speaker in bathroom, heat lamp in bathroom, choice of bedding material options, seperate shower and tub in bathroom, very well stocked mini bar, etc). The bed was large and very comfy, the room was dusty but clean. Overall, style was placed before function in the hotel which may bother some (ie, very cool and soothing lighting in rooms but not great for reading in bed - or anyhwere in the room, cool rainfall shower head in shower but not that practical if you are showering but not wanting to wash your hair, very beautiful granite walls throughout bathroom but they give off a certain smell when wet that some will love and others will hate). Hotel breakfast was slightly expensive but very good and you can order a bunch of high quality items off a little menu (in addition to the fixed breakfast they serve you) without any additional charge. Our only complaint for this hotel was the staff whom we found unfriendly and often quite irritating. We had some of our clothes washed by the hotel service and when 2 of our clothed did not return, we politely inquired about them and were told repeatedly that we were wrong. To make a long story short, they finally recovered one item and after a few conversations with the staff, got them to take the price of the last missing item off the total price. We were also directed to a few spots in the Gothic quarter by the staff that we later discovered no longer existed. Overall, if you don't need to speak to the staff very much, this hotel is really great and you'll actually look forward to coming back to it after a long day of sightseeing and walking through Antoni Gaudi architectural works.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice boutique hotel, but.......... Just came back from Spain and stayed for two nights at the Neri on recommendations from this site. I reserved thru the internet and was not informed that taxis are not allowed to enter Sant Server St. My wife and I had to drag our luggage from the plaza which is about 50 meters from the hotel. Naturally, we were perspiring and angry when we got there.The hotel is modernist in design and impressive. The room where we stayed was just right in size but had a huge king size bed. Plasma TV and CD player were nice details. My wife found the room to be dusty. I was impressed by the sound insulation though-never heard noise from either the inside or the outside of the hotel. The bathroom was well detailed but the shower glass did not close tightly resulting in flooding outside the shower area. The bose speaker in the bathroom had no volume adjustment and it was too loud. Our overall impression was that it was a well done boutique hotel but that there are better options out there in barcelona for the same amount of money.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect choice Just returned from Barcelona and we stayed at the Neri Hotel. Previous visit stayed at the Claris, which is a fantastic hotel but at least double price and not as good location. The Neri Hotel is romantic, small and intimate, beautiful, modern but in old setting, top class and with a perfect location. Service is very good, although lack a concierge. Great roof top solarium, but no swimingpool which the Claris has (who cares - go to the beach instead!) Rooms are spacious, very comfortable and just lovely. Had a superior room (no 304) with a big terrace. Wonderful bathroom. Can choose from different type of bed clothes, which never encountered before (try linen!). CD player and flat screen TV (but who wants to watch TV when you are in Barcelona?). Breakfast is superb!! Ok, maybe expensive, but like many hotels. Try it, and try it on your terrace! They bring you much more food than you can eat! Short and sweet - no need to look further - this is the place! And some taxis will take you all the way up to the hotel, although the short walk is no trouble!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mollina01
<Content>Gothic Quarter Gem   showReview(2335469, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>agoodteech
<Content>lovely hotel and wonderful staff   showReview(2332952, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeanellen9
<Content>Absolutely fabulous   showReview(2268605, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LondonZoeroberts
<Content>Go!   showReview(2228870, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Neri Hotel   showReview(2213428, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katrineCPH
<Content>Perfect!   showReview(2202122, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Neri Hotel   showReview(2188284, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BunnyJack
<Content>Brilliant location   showReview(2182512, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel Neri - a chic    showReview(1547359, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HEADFIRST69
<Content>In a word - Superb   showReview(1525972, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tleroi
<Content>charme et luxe discret       Chambre 306  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>flameParis1er
<Content>Tr猫s d茅莽us   showReview(18605559, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Klein aber fein im historischen Viertel Barcelonas   showReview(18531080, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Gregu
<Content>Top Hotel   showReview(16634532, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une adresse de charme id茅alement situ茅e mais...   showReview(11311151, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

