<Author>LouisianaFireball
<Content>Great Location If your expecting a glamorous boutique hotel with lots of great amenities, search on, however, if you are looking for an average room, with a pool, and a location that is only 1 1/2 blocks from Bourbon, then you found your hotel. First the positives: the location is great. Located in the French Quarter on Toulouse, only a few blocks from Bourbon and other great attractions found in and around the Quarter. Although only a few blocks from Bourbon, the rooms are quite quiet in the evenings and mornings. Everything you'd need is within walking distance. Next, the price is right, for what your getting. The hotel has a pool and a wonderful little court yard. They also offer a continental breakfast, consisting of croussants, danishes, coffee and juice. Nothing fancy but it'll do if you just want a quick something before you start your day. Some of the negatives: it is a bit outdated in decor and could us a facelift. The rooms are musty smelling, but it is an older hotel; should you decide to stay here, bring a travel candle. Of course, with every hotel located on Bourbon, you can expect rowdy people coming back to their rooms at early in the morning and staying awake for about an hour or so, doing other activities...(wink). So, bring ear plugs! The restaurant and bar that are located in the hotel are now closed. For what reason, I'm not sure, but, they were locked up during our stay. Some extras worth mentioning: parking is $25.00 per night, but you can come and go as you please and valet was quick! Give 'em a few extras bucks and it's even quicker. There is internet access, small television, hairdryer, and coffee pot. There is no wet bar, room service, or jucuzzi tubs. All in all, a good stay. I may consider staying here again if I were traveling on a budget, however, I most likely will stay some where else on my next trip to New Orleans, as I like a little more updated decor with more quality amenities.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>andjwil
<Content>Comfortable Hotel in Quarter This is a nice comfortable hotel in the French Quarter. Very convenient for walking to many attractions in New Orleans. The valet parking has always been great. We have stayed at this hotel a handful of times in 2007 and 2008. We have gotten very attractive rates at times. We have always enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kymb88
<Content>Fantastic stay, loved it! I stayed at the St Marie a little over a year ago for four nights and decided to write a review after discovering this site. The hotel location is second to none, walking distance to everything you would want to see in the French Quarter. I checked in late, around 10pm, and the staff were wonderful, recommending places to eat and see.During my stay some renovations were happening and the main elevators were out of use for one day. Instead of making guests climb up and down the stairs they let us use the service elevator which was a nice touch especially as I noticed there were several older people staying there.My room was much nicer than expected. I was travelling alone and booked through the website for a little over $100 a night. Well worth it. The room was spotless, maid service great and I barely heard any noise.I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone thinking of staying in the French Quarter while visiting New Orleans!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GodAnhaga
<Content>Lovely Hotel! This is a lovely hotel inhabiting some very old buildings in the French Quarter. We had a room with a nice wide balcony overlooking Toulouse - it was great! The staff was very professional, friendly and helpful, and the room, with nice furnishings that looked like New Orleans, was kept up well. The only drawback was the noise from Bourbon Street at night - but that's a common problem in the Quarter. I suspect if we'd had a room further back in the hotel, noise wouldn't have been such a problem - but we wouldn't have had the great balcony and view! Lovely stay - will stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>SouthEastTX_8
<Content>Great Stay Second stay at this hotel - great location, clean, comfortable, staff was very friendly and helpful. After 5 trips to the French Quarter in the last year and a half, we have decided that this is the hotel we will stay at on all future trips. Within walking distance for all of the French Quarter, less than a block off Bourbon St. Good rates, great value for the quality and location.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Broms14
<Content>Fabulous Hotel! Great Staff! Wonderful Location! Our recent stay was four days, three nights. We would go back in a second. The hotel was wonderful. Beautiful courtyard, fabulous staff, great location, great amenities. You could not ask for a better hotel! We will stay there again and again whenever we return to New Orleans!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mikem42194
<Content>perfect spot We booked this stay in August wanting to experience a different culture...and boy did we. The hotel was very nice with cleanliness and welcoming crew all the way around. We stayed in room 520 which didn't have much of a view but we didn't really need one considering we were always on the go. We used the pool on a couple of occasions, usually just to rest and eat a muffuletta and have a cold beer. The mornings were nice downstairs with coffee, juice and either a danish or croisant and of course my morning paper. We were far enough from Bourbon street that we didn't here the noise but close enough to enjoy the excitement of all the fun things to experience. You can walk to everything if you enjoy walking and have good pair of sneakers. We always like to have a resteraunt in our hotel but was told that theirs was under construction, but it looked like it was just closed down. try this place you'll be happy..Mike and Mary Beth from Norwood,pa  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>BigBaldBaldie
<Content>Mediocre Experience I stayed at the St. Marie just about a year ago...The best thing it has going for it is the location. Even though it's a stone's throw from Bourbon Street, the noise wasn't really a factor. The room was okay, clean for the most part. Mold in the window sills and a partially clogged shower drain were low-lights. The hotel pool was not clean. The most striking and disturbing part of the experience was the front desk person who literally growled In or out! when guests approached the counter. I immediately told her out because I didn't want to be growled at. Professionalism and training was sorely lacking here. Overall, great location, good rates, okay room, but improvements are definitely needed.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	1	2	3	

<Author>RiverRidgeTraveler
<Content>A jewel in the Quarter! My friend was getting married a downtown church. So my husband and I decided to make it a get a way weekend in our own area. We live in River Ridge a community a few miles from New Orleans. We choose the St. Marie because of its perfect location. But we love it because of its wonderful staff. They made us feel so special! They greeted us each time we came and went thru the lobby (frequently, because we could go back to the hotel so easily). But even the housekeeping staff was friendly and pleasant (this has not been my experience in other hotels).Now about specifics: our room was clean and well appointed (perhaps a bit dated in colors and design) but very nice and comfortable. The hotel has valet parking, which is important to us because of the parking difficulties in the French Quarter. The pool and beautiful patio was charming. We met our friends in the patio before going out the night before the wedding. Everyone said that we had found a jewel in the Quarter. Many of the rooms have balconies, ours did not but it was still lovely and the view from our windows was great. I have mentioned the staff, but I must say again how friendly and pleasant everyone was all of the time.We will stay there again, should we do a weekend in the Quarter and we will reccomend it to our friends who come to New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>saltofjoy
<Content>Better than expected! The hotel was clean and the staff was very friendly! We weren't sure what to expect since hurricane Gustav had just came through, but hotel was great! Great location and the upgrade to the balcony room was great! Would definitely stay here again and will recommend it to friends.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>clogtoe
<Content>We will always go back to the Hotel St Marie       very clean bathroom  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GregStLouis
<Content>OK Experience We had an ok experience at Hotel St Marie. The hotel is in a good location if you want to see Bourbon Street every night. If you want to avoid Bourbon Street stay somewhere else. Even if you don't plan on hanging out on Bourbon Street, you'll have to cross the street everytime you go back to the hotel. The hotel staff was good and helpful. However, the rooms have paper thin walls and you can hear everything happening in the room next door...such as people coming back to their room late at night, door slamming, fights, and people getting sick in their bathrooms. If you're a partier and you dont' mind all of this, then this is the hotel for you. If you're a family or a romantic couple, stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	5	3	5	

<Author>lake4belle
<Content>Great Place to Stay Great location, nice staff, comfortable rooms, I'd stay there again and again and again!!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>raginasian238
<Content>A steal I had a lovely experience here. The hotel was pretty, well-kept, and in a great location. Even if you're like me and want to steer clear of Bourbon Street (the next street), the hotel was within walking distance of many other low-key (i.e., less touristy/loud) bars, as well as the jazz clubs on Frenchmen St., Cafe du Monde, and the riverwalk/casino area downtown. My room was large and clean. All the basic amenities worked just fine (internet, iron, cable tv). The valet parking was free, and the valets were friendly/quick. There isn't much of a sign to direct you, though; it's the narrow driveway after the main entrance on the left. The woman at the front desk was knowledgeable. The bellman was quick to offer help for me and another guest who was checking in at the same time, although neither of us needed his assistance. For $60/night, this room was a steal.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>DiamondOneDecatur_GA
<Content>Great Location for Family Reunion The Stewart Family Union selected New Orleans to host its 43rd Family Reunion. We were pleased with the response from Valentino New Orleans Hotels, specifically the Hotel Saint Marie, which went out of its way to accommodate our reunion. A special thanks to a dedicated staff which accommodate our every needs at the Hotel Saint Marie and the Prince Conti Hotel. Many family members traveled from GA and FL and everyone is still talking about this year's experience. Thanks to a dedicate and professional staff. A special thanks to Karla Schaubhut, Group Sales Manager for working with me to host this year's most successful family reunion!!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wisconsin48
<Content>One of the worst hotels I have ever been in. Staying at the Hotel St. Marie turned an anticipated vacation into a regrettable experience. The only thing this place has going for it is the location. The lobby is well appointed and sparkling clean. To bad this is not carried through-out the rest of the place. First, they posted promotional offers of a room upgrade, to a balcony room, and free valet parking on Orbitz to attract guests. These offers disappeared when we arrived. We did not get the room upgrade and they tried to charge for parking on check out. When I brought up the offers they looked at me like I was lying but I had a printout of the offers to prove it. Then we were told that 鈥渟omeone could look to see if they MIGHT be able to do something.鈥?On check out I was told it was my fault I did not get the upgrade if 鈥淚 had insisted someone MIGHT have been able to do something鈥? When posting a promotional offer it is definite and not a might or a maybe if you receive the offers. Management knows they posted the offers, they know who made reservations under the offers and they knew we should receive the offers when we walked through the door. The staff was unprofessional and unfriendly. We stayed there a week and no one ever greeted us as we came or went and we had to walk past the desk each time. The Bell People or Concierge sat behind their podium all day reading. They did not greet guests, open the door for guests, help with luggage or move from behind the podium. Well, at least it did save on tips. The day we arrived, I located the housekeeper who would be taking care of our room. I gave her a tip and said 鈥淧lease take care of us鈥? That was a waist of money.  The room we received was large and that is where the good ends. The sink was cracked and looked like it was ready to fall apart. The cracks were deep and filled with grime, I really wondered what was growing in the filth. There was no door on the bathroom per say it looked like they put up a louvered shutter with a drawer pull on it. There was no doorknob, latch or any other means to keep the door closed. When I wanted privacy in the bathroom I took a shoe along to prop against the shutter.  They do have hardwired smoke detectors. They cut a square hole in the ceiling to install the round detector and could not be bothered to fix the hole. The second day we were there the fire alarms were going off at 7AM. There was no staff to be found. No one was there to direct guests to the exits or to assist guests who might need help. It was obviously a false alarm, the fire department never arrived. There was never an explanation or an apology for the inconvenience.  The curtains were hung with 1 or 2 hooks and looked like they were falling off the window. I re-hung the curtains so at least they would block out some of the light. The wallpapers edges were pealing. The air conditioning vents were clogged with dust. This is why my allergies acted up so bad all the time we were there. It also explained the lack of air conditioning in the room. There is what looks like mold growing around the pool on the concrete and tiles. The pool was not clean and the odor of chlorine was missing. The plants were in need of attention. There are only 2 lounge chairs for all the guests. The towel supply would run out midmorning and would not replenished until the next day. I stopped at the pool one afternoon there were newspapers and used towels lying all over. I went to the pool mid-morning the next day for coffee, the newspapers and towels were still there.  This could be a good place to stay. They need management who is honest, pays attention to detail and knows what cleanliness is.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>teacher12345
<Content>Wonderful Retreat! I brought 34 teachers to the French Quarter for our annual summer retreat. We had 19 rooms. We had a wonderful experience. The hotel is close enough to walk to all the historic museums and homes the French Quarter is famous for, and it is close enough to enjoy the nightlife the Quarter is also famous for and have a quick walk back to the hotel. The rooms were very nice and clean. The rooms which face the outside streets are a little noisey at night because of the 1 block proximity to Bourbon Street,so if you are a light sleeper, ask for a room that faces the courtyard. Personally ,I loved going out on my little balcony to see what was going on! The staff went out of there way to make sure that all my teachers were taken care of. We used their meeting room for our staff development and it met all of our needs. The continental breakfast was just enough to start our day and we really appreciated the fact that we did not have to leave the hotel to find breakfast before our meetings. The Group Sales office was very easy to work with and went out of there way to make sure our needs were met. Everyone of my teachers want to return to the Hotel St Marie for next year's retreat.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>iamnowlaw
<Content>Loved it Loved it Loved IT This was an excellent place to stay. It was the perfect location. It was just off bourbon street and many other great points of interest. It was very quiet. The rooms were spacious. The courtyard was beautiful. The service was excellent. It was a great price. I will stay there again and will reccomend to anyone else that I see.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>patti730
<Content>Lovely hotel My wife and I stayed 5 nights in the French Quarter in Hotel St. Marie. We loved it. So glad we did not stay in one of those large, newer hotels. Hotel St. Marie is quaint, clean, quiet and close enough to everything. It was so charming and the staff was wonderful. We would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TexasPapaya
<Content>Perfect New Orleans Hotel I was a bit hesitant after reading some of the reviews about this hotel, but I had booked and paid through Orbitz, so could not change it. So I went. It was nice. Now, its a old hotel and it could possibly use updating here and there, but to me it all added to the mystic. I don't know what room category I booked, but I think I ended up with some type of upgrade (like a suite) Room 605...cause I ended up with a kitchen area complete with a full size refrig./microwave/sink/dishwasher and a dining table and chairs and a big walk in closet. (My sister who went with me and stayed in another room...did not get all this...but her room was still nice.) There was even a mock fireplace in my room. The t.v. was a bit small. There was free in room internet...nice. Again, I think it just depends on what you're looking for. Its nothing especially fancy, but to me it was a real, French Quarter style hotel. Now, the view definitely left something to be desired, basically I had no view, but I did not mind because the room was spacious and comfortable. The hotel staff was always very pleasant and quickly remembered my name. The cleaning ladies were nice, and helped us with anything we needed, but if we were present when they stopped by, they did not always offer to clean the room, just asked if we needed anything. That worked for us though, cause I don't like people in my room much, so I usually just requested towels. I can make my own bed, actually my husband made the bed...he does a good job. As for the location, the hotel was in very close walking distance to Bourbon Street, yet far enough away to avoid some of the noise. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants the true New Orleans experience and atmosphere and fairly close proximity to Bourbon Street/French Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	3	4	5	4	

<Author>blondboca
<Content>Locatiom, location! We stayed at the St. Marie for 3 nights. I was amazed at the rate of $66 a night! The location is absolutely the best! We walked everywhere, were only a block from Bourbon, but it was very quiet. We felt very safe here, and felt that my car was also safe. Nice old hotel in good shape, was very disappointed in the pool, as it was too cloudy to swim and appeared neglected. The courtyard is very pretty, but on closer inspection, we did not swim, and did not see anyone else swimming even though it was nearly 100 degrees. Staff was OK, not terribly friendly, never greeted us at all as we came and went. Concierge never spoke, just stood at his station. Continential breakfast was nicer than most. I would stay here again for sure, just hope that they start taking care of their pool.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>tonntonn
<Content>Loved it I would recommend this hotel to anyone traveling to new orleans. It is about 300 ft to Bourbon street. Centrally located. We walked every where we wanted to go From French quater market, convention center, casino and superdome. We booked a suite an it was wonderfull. Had a kitchen, nice huge room with balcony, From the balcony you could sit and see the people wlaking across burbon and here the music from some of the local bars. The location and room was priced right. You got more than your moneys worth. The Hotel staff was nice a friendly. very helpfull and smiles all the way.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MsMaryEllen
<Content>Very satisfied: good value for the price! We stayed in this hotel for 4 nights, and while it wasn't the best hotel we ever stayed in, it was far from the worst. Our room was in the 600 building, and we had to pass through the parking garage to get to our room. As others have mentioned, this hotel is only 1 block from Bourbon Street, but our room was very quiet and comfortable. It is an older hotel and has a lot of charm. Our room was somewhat dark, but it was cleaned daily, and with the air conditioner, we didn't have any problems with dampness. The bed was very comfortable and we slept well. The continental breakfast was just okay, but the coffee was good. For the price [$80/night], we were satisfied and would go back again,  
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Gypsy62
<Content>LOVED this hotel! Hotel St. Marie has the very BEST location in the quarter. I have stayed at numerous large and small hotels and I loved this one! The staff is excellent! They went far above and beyond for us. The daytime front desk manager was so accomodating and pleasant. She was always cheerful and professional. I highly recommend this hotel for professional staff, willingness to go the extra mile, location, cleanliness, and a very nice pool and patio area.Dr. and Mrs. WolfMansfield, TX  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bellesmom08
<Content>Disappointed We chose this hotel because of the fact it was in the French Quarter and because it had a pool and continental breakfast. First off, the pool was awful -- very cloudy and had debris floating in it. My daughter was so excited about swimming in it, but after 20 minutes I made her get out because I was grossed out by it. I complained to the (very unfriendly) desk clerk and she looked at my like I was an idiot. That was the first afternoon of our stay and it was not cleaned out until the last evening we were there. (3 days later)The breakfast was a joke. A stale pastry and some OJ -- we ended up crossing the street to the Ramada and eating a hot breakfast there the following morning (although it cost us an arm and a leg).The rooms were clean, floor did feel a little damp at first, but I reasoned that to be the humidity of Louisiana. But, unless you are a heavy sleeper and plan on partying most of the night -- DON'T get a balcony room overlooking the street. We had a street view and it was charming -- until bedtime. The band on the corner of our street (and Bourbon) was kickin until 2 am. And I mean, it boomed like it was right next door. At 4am, cabs started pulling up and honking loudly for passengers. Then, at 5 am the garbage truck arrived and idled (loudly) out front while every merchant on the street rolled out bins and compacted their garbage into the truck . This lasted for about 45 minutes. Needless to say, at 6am we were requesting a room change for the rest of our stay. We got a courtyard room with a itty bitty balcony and no chairs to sit and relax in --but it was peaceful!I found out later that on the next day of our stay, after we had changed rooms, that a crane arrived at 6:30 am and parked right in front of the hotel to do some work on top of the building. Very loud and noisy. Very glad we moved!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>dukes225
<Content>Loved the service! This hotel was chosen for us through Priceline and we couldn't have been happier. We paid only $80 per nite and we stayed 2 nites. It's an older hotel full of charm. There's a pool in a very relaxing garden out back. Many of the rooms have balconies.We loved its' location in the French Quarter. You're close to everything, but since it's on a side street, it's quiet. The first room had a problem with the shower, but we were given another room right away. When I got back from a seminar, our bags were in our new room.The staff was amazing. In particular, Sandy at the front desk, was very helpful. We got there too early for check-in, but our bags were stored and we were called as soon as a room was ready.The restaurant is under renovation, but there was a complementary continental breakfast available every morning.I would highly recommend this hotel and can't wait to get back!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>specialteacherTexas
<Content>It was ok. Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and thought it was quite charming and was really impressed with the hotel's staff, not so much the front desk but the housekeppers and maintenance staff. Especially the young man working the parking lot. Your car is very safe in their private parking lot. The breakfast was fine, freshly sqeezed OJ and delicious danish. Save your appetite for the delicious food whereever you go! Unfortunately, we did encounter a few problems that really bothered me.carpet in room was filthy, so filthy your feet would turn dark by walking on it. The room smelled moldy or musty and in fact my allergies were really bad when I was staying there. We didn't sleep much that first night because our room was near bourbon street and felt like the band was down the hall (luckily they sounded really good)!! And people returning from partying were loud and didn't help either. We called the front desk and they changed our room and while it was still noisy, it was much better. Our bathroom smelled funky, and while the linens looked clean, the room just didn't feel as clean as it should be but I think because it was old. the elevator wasn't working one morning but we were on the 2nd floor so could just walk down for our breakfast. So, if you want to party hardy in NO, and won;t be back in the room till early in the AM, this is the place for you. If not, ask to stay in room away from the noise. It's close to Bourbon street and really a cute place to stay, and very reasonably priced.Would I stay there again? I don;t think so, the french quarter is full of charming hotels like this and I would be willing to pay a little more to stay in a cleaner place.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>MarineCorpsWife
<Content>Yuck! This was our first trip to New Orleans  the French Quarter, so I did a lot of research on hotels. After reading the reviews of the St. Marie, I decided to go ahead and book it. Either I have very high expectations, or the other travelers were given a room better than ours. There were some (a few) good points, but our overall experience at this hotel was BAD, BAD, BAD.Good Points: very nice bellman and valet, good location to the French Quarter, easy access to the freeway, nice courtyardBAD Points: where to begin? We arrived (very excited) and checked in at the front desk with a rather unfriendly staff member. After paying for an upgraded superior room rate, was quickly disappointed when told that our room would overlook the street (and I'm not talking about charming street) and no other Superior rooms were available. I then suggested that I downgrade to a regular room. Suddenly, a courtyard-view room was available on the 4th floor (top floor).The nice bellman helped us with our luggage to our room and that's when the real fun began. Even with the air conditioner blasting, the room smelled terrible (mildew) and the humidity in there was gross. Everything was wet. To air things out, we opened up the doors to the balcony. Are you kidding? Couldn't get a chair out there if we tried. Just enough space for 1-2 people to stand.The furniture, although newer, was dark only adding to our misery. I didn't even want to sit on the bed - that bad. We threw ourselves together and headed out for an afternoon in the French Quarter. Much to our dismay, the restaurant which the hotel staff recommended for families (Cajun Cabin), was located around the corner, but just beyond three nudie clubs and a dance club with drunks already spilling out (2 p.m. in the afternoon).We returned to the room around 10 p.m. and tried to get some sleep. However, the smell was worse than ever, even with the outside doors open. My daughter's asthma suddenly kicked in and my husband went to the front desk to ask for a change in room. The desk clerk was very nice and mentioned that the staff sometimes steam cleans the carpets but doesn't let the room dry out. Don't think that room had dried out since Hurricane Katrina. The new room on the 2nd floor was much better and did not seem wet.The next morning, we went downstairs for the complimentary continental breakfast of stale croissants, danish, coffee, and orange juice. Yuck again. Flies buzzing everywhere on the UNCOVERED food and no staff in sight the whole time we were there eating. Couldn't wait to leave that hotel and would not recommend. On another note, got very very sick withing 24 hours of leaving that place (high fever, etc.) and couldn't get out of bed for two days. Coincidence? Perhaps.....  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>tkeiy609
<Content>True New Orleans feel Hotel was very picturesque and comforting. Staff was very friendly and hotel was very clean with a great location in the French Quarter and very close to Bourbon Street without having to pay the prices of the hotel directly across the street which was almost double in price. The only complaint i had was unavoidable; our room was very close to Bourbon st. and the noise from the bar on Bourbon and Toulouse St. had a live band the first two nights we were there so you could feel the vibration and sound from the bar which was just simply a minor inconvenience while trying to sleep so we eventually decided to just go and check out the bar and had a great time. In addition all of our favorite bars and restaurants were within second of the front door. (Tropical Isle, Acme Oyster House, Pat O's, Arnuad's, Riverwalk, Jax Brewery, ect.). I have visited NOLA 5 other times and this is the least amount i have ever paid for a room and had to walk less and got a true New Orleans experience. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a good French Quarter hotels for a fraction of what most in the area charge. More Cons: Another slight problem i found was that some lamps had to be jiggled to come on and thermostat on wall was poorly hung but was brought to attention of staff who stated it would be fixed.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Sarah_the_Critical
<Content>Nice staff, but really damp I had read good things about this place, and had to stay in the French Quarter because I had never been to New Orleans. I was a little disappointed because of a few things:1. The hotel aesthetic was not for me - sort of French/Victorian, with lots of old-looking floral stuff. It just looked old and not very clean.2. The hotel was really, really damp. My papers actually got wet when I put them on the floor. This did not happen the next time I came to New Orleans and stayed elsewhere, so I think it was hotel-specific.3. The restaurant was closed and the people at the hotel were not able to give good recommendations on where to eat.4. I hated the French Quarter - it was very stinky (vomit + garbage = gross), there was a hooker in front of the hotel on the Sunday morning we arrived, and there are tons of drunk people. Don't get me wrong, I also like to get drunk in New Orleans, but I'm not a flash-your-boobs-and-scream-woohooo!!!! type.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>helenomia
<Content>very nice hotel We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie from May 27th through the 31st. Overall the Hotel was a very nice place to stay. We upgraded to a balcony room over Toulouse St. which was very nice to be out on in the evenings. Very little noise from Bourbon St. when the doors were shut at night. The bed was actually very comfortable and the maid service was efficient. The whole staff was helpful and gave us easy access to get where we wanted to go.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nanc119
<Content>Simply Exceptional I stayed at the St. Marie while on business recently and had one of my best hotel experiences anywhere! The staff was efficient, informative and cordial (special nod to Caleb, the night desk officer who instantly replaced a non-working coffee maker with a brand new one when I reported it!) The room was immaculate, thoughtfully prepared for me each day, and the general environment was interestingly decorated, and quiet. A simple yet delicious continental breakfast was laid out early each day, and was tidied and replenished constantly. This is reflective of the sense of overall attentiveness at the St. Marie, as is the daily complimentary paper by the elevator. The breakfast room is surrounded by windows looking out on the corner of Dauphine St., providing an interesting early morning French Quarter street scene. Guests greet each other, and there is a general feeling ofwelcoming throughout. I was within walking distance of everything I needed, including my business, and although you are close enough to hear some of the sounds of nearby Bourbon SStreet, I enjoyed a sense of peace and interesting river to park views from my beautiful wrought iron balcony. As familiar favorite spots change with economic fortunes in New Orleans, it was my great fortune to find the St. Marie, and I will recommend it and definitely stay again in the future!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>thevnilly
<Content>Quaint  We stayed in one of the king balcony rooms. The first floor was still undergoing renovations  had a bad smell to it. The room was small, but not a problem. I think the balcony is what really made it special. It was nice to come back after walking around the French Quarter and relax on the balcony or at the small courtyard. Staff was friendly and accommodating. Would visit again.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Passport78
<Content>Best hotel in New Orleans! Have been to New Orleans four times and this hotel is the best! The location is wonderful, not even a block away from Bourban! The hotel decor is very charming and the pool area was great! The rooms are huge! I stayed in a queen sized room with three other girls and we had plenety of room. We requested a balcony so that we would have a view of Bourban Street which was really nice. The staff was wonderful! We had a 6am flight and the staff made sure that we didnt have any problems with getting a cab to the airport so early in the morning.Hotel St. Marie is the Best!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tiffjs11
<Content>Excellent Stay!! We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie during the first weekend of Jazz Fest, 08 for 5 nights. Prior to booking with them, I read reviews on this site, and recall someone complaining about the air conditioning, someone else complaining about keys and safety, and someone else about cleanliness. Those negative comments were not applicable of this hotel! It was very clean and my room very cool (and I'm from Colorado and love it cold!), and I felt safe the entire time. The courtyard is simply beautiful, and the hotel staff are outstanding! I love NOLA and am returning again this summer, and have already booked my repeated stay there. I highly recommned you spend the extra few bucks and get the superior room for the mini-balcony if the weather is okay. It was great to have the doors open and let in the fresh air. This Hotel is a great find, so close to the heart of the action- and surprisingly quiet considering it's less than a block from Bourbon. I highly recommend it!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PaulHunter
<Content>Just Average A very average stay. This is a nothing special hotel. We had a room with a private balcony and the outside doors had a gap between the floor and the door so you could hear everything outside. Not a huge deal as it is the quarter and you are dealing with old buildings. I will say though that the gap between the floor and the room door leading to the hallway is HUGE! We're talking about an inch here people. Walking down the hall you can hear everything that goes on in each room.No ceiling fan in my room which I have gotten used to in the quarter. The TV is on the smaller side and old. They need to upgrade. On the positive side it is close to all the action of Bourbon and is nicely decorated. If you spend under $100/night then it's worth it. Otherwise keep on looking. This is a bland choice, you can do better.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>saintaugustineFLgirl
<Content>LOVED the Hotel St. Marie !!!! i have been to new orleans many times and now this will be the hotel of my future stays. i was traveling with a first time visitor and i just couldn't drag her off the property. we slept in, enjoyed the balcony, they had fluffy croissants and the best coffee, took a dip in the pool and lounged in the courtyard. the front desk staff was helpful and patient. they all went out of their way to help us locate everything we needed. by far one of the most pleasant hotel stays i've ever had and the highest recommended stay in new orleans. oh... and don't underestimate the power of the valet. not only are they kind,professional and dog gone fast but they were of great service also. forget the visitor information centers, stop and talk to Jason in the parking garage. he's the sophisticted southern gentleman with all the information you could need. he's got the best of new orleans down pat and may just let you in on the best local hangouts, sites off the beaten path and all the neat places that'll keep you coming back to new orleans time and time again. enjoy this place-you won't forget it!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thebeachishome
<Content>Great Find IN Orleans Folks my wife and I went on our 6th aniversary. This is our 4 trip together my eighth. This was our fist stay here and is our of our favorites. Great location. Staff was great. Bellmen and Vallets great! Ask for some breakfast suggestions at the front desk I have no doubt you will end up at our new favorite breakfast in N.O. Enjoy the flavor.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>DallasTequilarose
<Content>New Orleans Rocks This was our first trip to New Orleans and we enjoyed it so much we are already making plans to come back. The Hotel St. Marie was very clean and nice and the entire staff couldn't have been more friendly or helpful. Our only negative was the dining room being closed for construction. The complimentary sweet rolls and juice were appreciated but after a day or two we'd much rather have a real breakfast to start the day of non stop activities.There is so much to do in New Orleans and we felt so welcome by all who work and live there. Thank you for such a wonderful mini vacation and we will definitely return to the Hotel St. Marie. Mark  Carol Alman  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>valandjohn
<Content>We loved it and can't wait to go back!!       Looking out onto our balcony - the old and the new parts of the city  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>63impala
<Content>Great As Usual This was the second time staying here. We had stayed last year as well. We have a special place in our heart for this hotel. It is great and homey. Unfortunately the restaurant is no longer there and they are working on getting a new tenant. Remember that many places are still trying to get their businesses in order after the Katrina tragedy. Staff is very friendly and helpful and courteous to your needs. If you are looking for state of the art high frills kind of place, then look else where. If you are looking for a good boutique, old charm New Orleans hotel then make your reservations now.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>RABThird
<Content>Bad experience all around We requested a room on the Toulouse side of the hotel over a month in advance, (and contacted them to remind them of this request twice before we arrived) and when we got there the guy at the check out desk put us no the other side and said, Well, it says all over the reservation not to move your room, but someone did anyway. No apologies, just too bad for me. The room was dirty, the pillows were completely flat, and the TV picture was so bad that it was almost unwatchable. The worst part is, when I told them I was unsatisfied with my stay, they acted like they didn't care. no apologies, no nothing, just too bad for me again. If all you care about is trying to be near Bourbon St., then the price isn't bad, but there are plenty of hotels near Bourbon that are probably comparable and since the service was about as bad as it gets, anywhere else has to be better.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>hawkedd
<Content>Great stay.       View out of window  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>BUcinTX
<Content>Great Stay-little loud       view from balcony  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>whiskeytango17
<Content>Quaint, clean and professional, great location This is a great stay in New Orleans. The hotel provided great service and the staff was very professional. The rooms/hotel were very clean and nicely decorated. The rooms have balconies that overlook and beautiful courtyard. To top it off, it's right in the heart of the French Quarter about a 1/2 block off Bourban Street on Toulouse. I will stay there again and would definitely recommend it to others.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zeusrdr
<Content>fantasic stay We stayed for thee days and had a wonderful time. Rooms were nice and clean and the staff was amazing! they always had the best suggestions for food and were so kind.Check out the restaunt down stairs hillary's it was the best food we had! Can't say enough about the staff the realy take care of you.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>princessdru76
<Content>Decent My husband and I just returned from our stay in New Orleans at the St. Marie. We only paid $67.00 a night for a superior king room, so we were leary in what to expect. However it was nicer than we anticipated. It is a very old hotel with one elevator. The room was clean but old and and a bit musty. It shows some signs of wear and tear. We probably wouldn't advise staying there during hot months, the A/C as talked about in previous reviews does not work that well. Our room faced a side street in the quarter and we were awakened one night at 2:00AM by a dumpster truck emptying dumpsters. We laughed because someone had put that in their review about this hotel also, and we had forgot until we heard the racket. The location of this hotel is prime, and felt safe. If you're used to staying in top notch places like the Omni,or other 4 or 5 star hotels this place probably isn't for you. Overall it's clean,quiet, modestly priced, and in a great location.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>flipper133
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at St Marie Hotel for two nights, and really enjoyed it. We had a balcony looking at the courtyard. It was quiet, and clean. The staff went out of their way to make my birthday special. They sent me a bottle of champange and made reservations for dinner at Emerils when I couldn't get in. Housekeeping was nice to. I will be back.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kingwood1811
<Content>Great location, nice clean room After reading some of the reviews we were going to stay elsewhere, however when that reservation got messed up we ended up in going to Hotel St. Marie. We stayed on the second floor with a balcony. It is a great location (one blk from Bourbon Street). The room was nice and clean - yes the doors can use some paint etc., but it was not bad. Not a 4 star but a good 3.We felt secure and did not have any unexpected guest (rodents etc.). The staff was very helpful and friendly. Parking at $25.00 per night was expensive, but ........Overall, ppl in NO realize that they need the tourist. Very nice and helpful. Went mid week, so it was slow.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jlsch1
<Content>The room I stayed in needs alot of work Had a room in the extension of the hotel which if you get a room in the extension go else where. Don't bring alot of bags due to you have to climb alot of stairs to bring up your luggage up to the room. You can see going up to the room they really don't maintain the hotel and it is an overpriced for the shape it is in. The room I stayed in needs alot of updating and the Air conditioning did not work. I came in on a Friday evening. It was really muggy and had to leave the windows open on the balcony to circulate the air due to AC did not work Friday night. Finally got a service person to respond Saturady evening around 5pm. When the guy came he said the AC worked which all he did was check the filter which was very dirty and then said it was fixed. Went to KPals to eat and came back to the room which was warmer and muggy. Called again and finally got another room due to the AC service person did not come out. Really aggravating to have to pack and lug luggage down the stairs a 10pm at night to get another room. They should have done this Friday night. At least the AC worked in the other room.The staff was friendly but don't make up for the lack of maintenance of this property.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	5	2	4	

<Author>oneheath
<Content>ok stay for the money       view from balcony looking toward daphne  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>dptesq
<Content>Meh While my computer wasn't stolen (I bought a security cable as a precaution after reading the previous review), and I didn't see any mice, this hotel was just incredibly average. The service was hit or miss with some staff members being very helpful and friendly, and others less so. However, it was clean enough (despite a strong mildewy smell) and the location is great.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>MZR
<Content>Our room was robbed Bad enough, but the hotel鈥檚 response was terrible.This was to be a working vacation for us so we each had our computers. After a brief lunch and walk in the Quarter (less than two hours) we returned to our room and found both computers and other items (checkbook, iPods, medicine, etc. 鈥?no in-room safe) gone. We immediately called the front desk and their response was essentially 鈥淪o? Do you want us to call the police or what?鈥?br/>Not once did a staff member come up to our room to check on the situation. Had they done so they would have noticed the door showed no sign of forced entry, leading us to believe this was an inside job. But the hotel uses an antiquated entry system (actual keys, not security cards) so any past guest can keep their room key and let themselves in, who knows.The hotel claimed to have no video surveillance on any of the room floors (only on the main floor) allowing any employee or 鈥済uest鈥?to put stolen goods in a service cart, backpack or luggage and exit the building without question. But watching the tapes was of little importance anyhow. After a limited period of viewing the manager had to leave 鈥渢o pick a friend up at the airport鈥?(I guess guest security was of lesser importance); he delegated the viewing to the night desk attendant who directly told a police officer and us 鈥淚 have no time to view the tapes, I have to work the desk.鈥?br/>A few weeks later we received what appeared to be a form letter from Valentino Hotels (which also runs the Place d鈥橝rmes and Prince Conti properties) claiming they had done an investigation and were freeing themselves of responsibility. By its impersonal tone we can only assume they have this letter ready to be sent out as the need arises. If you鈥檙e worried about the safety of your belongings, I definitely do not recommend this hotel. In addition to the room doors, the balcony doors are laughable. Shared balcony rooms have locks so flimsy they can be pushed open (note earlier reviewer鈥檚 comment) and single balcony rooms don鈥檛 even have a lock on the door.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	3	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>FLYMYGLI
<Content>Nice Hotel, but be mindful of the rodents. We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie in New Orleans for one evening earlier this month. And although the hotel is very charming and comfortable, be aware that you may encounter a few mice sharing the room with you.We'd contacted the front desk to report the sightings of these uninvited guests and asked them to send up someone to investigate (just so that the hotel would know that this was a problem). It was around 1:00AM and the person at the front desk asked us if we wanted to change rooms. We told them that since it was such a late hour and that it wasn't really convenient to switch rooms just yet, but we wanted someone from the staff to check it out and then we'd assess from there.No one from the hotel staff ever showed up and after investigating ourselves (moving furniture and looking underneath the bed and armoire), we decided that we could find no more sightings of mice and attempted to get some sleep (of which we did not get a lot of with one eye open).Upon checking out the next morning, we mentioned to the front desk clerk that we'd experienced mice the night before and that we had called the front desk and requested that someone from their staff come up to investigate, which did not ever happen. Their response was 'oh, I'll make a note of it.' We weren't looking for any compensation or to raise a huge fuss as other guests were checking in, but we felt that the staff should be more concerned that mice were present in the rooms of their hotel.If you aren't fond of small furry rodents sharing your hotel room with you, I would book elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	2	2	4	

<Author>artman60
<Content>Just...so,so.... After reading the glowing reviews about this hotel...we couldn't wait to get there. Yes, what a great location right in the middle of the Quarter, but hey, thats about it. Over three days we spoke with most of the personnel working in the hotel....they really don't seem to care if your there or not. The desk clerk at night even had a little attitude. As far as the room.....PLEASE don't let them stick you in room#519. It is a HOLE! We booked a Deluxe room with double beds....they looked really nice in the pictures.NOT!I'll make this short and simple....tiny,tiny room.....very dark, window like a port hole, mattress(I hope your back likes springs), bathroom more the size of a coat closet......very dated(hunter green and mauve) and really depressing. Our friends had a somewhat better room down the hall in # 512. Word to the wise.....get the Superior room if you can....because the Deluxe is a joke. I love New Orleans...have been many times....but never again at this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	1	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>McBizzle1
<Content>Good choice for a quick trip       Hotel St Marie Exterior  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>FlyFlinger
<Content>Outstanding Hotel I booked this hotel online with little knowlege of what to expect on my first visit to New Orleans. The staff was very helpfull and friendly- even the staff at Check-out 4:30 am. The rooms were nicely plush and clean. The location in the French Quarter is prime. I'll book the St. Marie next time I visit NOLA.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>frankgrimes7
<Content>Great Stay!!! We just recently stayed at the Hotel St Marie. The service was great...they allowed early check in around 10 am. Our room was bigger than we expected and was clean. The location could not have been BETTER. It is half a block from Bourbon Street and within walking distance to pretty much everything. We easily walked to every attraction in the French Quarter, as well as the Riverwalk and Harrah's Casino/Canal Street. Our room was facing Toulouse Street and remarkably stayed quiet enough even on the weekend. If we were ever to go back, I would book the Hotel St Marie in a heartbeat. Oh and by the way, we worked 4 out of the 7 days...so we had to be out of the hotel by 6:45 in the morning. So take it from two people who werent there strictly to party that this is a great hotel for the average visit as well...not just the party scene. You will want to use their valet service which makes use of their private parking lot. Give this hotel a try, you will be delighted by its charm. While in NO, check out:Lafitte's Piano BarMolly's PubFrenchmen Street  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ccmiami
<Content>Great location Stayed at the St Marie last weekend. The hotel's location is great. Walking distance to everything. Rooms are small, but very clean and comfortable. I would stay here again, no problem. We ate an awesome restaurant in French Quarter called Irene's, amazing. Can't say enough about it. You will probably wait more than hour to be seated but defenitely worth it!!!! Also go to Mothers for po boys and Port of Call for the best burger in town.  
<Date>Dec 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	3	

<Author>NJAlison
<Content>Delightful! I was a little worried after reading some of the reviews. We wound up being very pleasantly surprised. Yes, there was a bit of a musty smell but, otherwise, everything was fine--no complaints. The room was very clean and decorated very nicely. I think someone complained about the carpet needing a cleaning in a previous review--we did not find this to be so. The courtyard was lovely with a fountain and tropical plants. Since the restaurant was closed, they served a continental breakfast--coffee, tea, orange juice, croissants and danishes. You could hear the nightlife as soon as you left the front door, but our room (with balcony overlooking the courtyard) was very quiet. The staff was very nice, especially the man who attended to the breakfast area.This was our third trip to New Orleans. The first two places where we stayed did not beckon us to go back again, but we will definitely stay at Hotel St. Marie on our next trip to New Orleans.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>voudouJoe
<Content>A Taste of the Real French Quarter       Quiet courtyard  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>72Westy
<Content>Pretty Tired Property I needed a place to stay in New Orleans for two nights, and after canvassing various websites, chose the St. Marie for its deeply discounted rate of $69 on Orbitz w/ a free balcony upgrade.This is a good hotel for $69. The thing is, the rates travel above $200 depending on the day of the week!The elevator was out of order, half the lobby floor was taped off for tile repair, both restaurants have been closed for over a year, the door to the balcony that I shared with two other rooms could be jimmied open by a two year old, and my tub took 5 minutes to drain. Orbitz lists this as a 4 star property, but that is a mistake.So how to read my review....I guess if you can grab a room for 59 or 69 dollars, go for it. If the rate is any higher, there are plenty other hotels you should choose instead.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	4	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>KateALondon
<Content>I really want to love this hotel. I really want to love this hotel; it鈥檚 a charming, well located small hotel in the heart of the French Quarter and its great value for the money. Located on Toulouse and Dauphine Streets, it鈥檚 at the heart of everything. The St Marie is opposite the Ramada Hotel on Toulouse Street. I was glad I didn鈥檛 choose a chain hotel, as judging from the outside, our hotel had much more charm. It was also slightly further down the road from noisy Bourbon Street (party central) which was a bonus. The hotel is clean, even if the carpets could do with a deep clean, (find somewhere in New Orleans that they don鈥檛)! So this wasn鈥檛 a major gripe. The mattress could have done with being replaced, but again, it wasn鈥檛 uncomfortable and it was clean. The general staff were friendly and helpful, and we encountered no obvious immediate problems. We were more than happy on arrival. However there is a down side to this review, but the hotel can not be accountable for it.On the corner of Toulouse and Bourbon Streets there is a live music venue that pumps out very loud music every night. This by itself would have been fine, it鈥檚 New Orleans and I never expected it to be quiet. The problem arose from around 5am. Our room was number 408, a deluxe room overlooking Toulouse Street with a balcony. This was fabulous during the day and evening, but from around 5.00am the bins were emptied from the bin store of the Ramada Hotel. This store is on the opposite side of the street, across from our room. The noise was SO LOUD, from clanging chains to open the gates, to emptying the multiple bins of the entire hotel to the engines of the collecting trucks running for the duration. Just when you think it鈥檚 over, the street cleaners begin鈥ot quite so bad, but it made it impossible to sleep.In short, I would recommend this hotel, and I would consider staying here again, but I would opt for a room overlooking the pool on the courtyard side of the hotel. I read all of the reviews posted on tripadvisor and found them very helpful in choosing this hotel. One comment I must comment on is a traveller who partly chose the hotel as they had an on site restaurant, they were disappointed that it was closed鈥 don鈥檛 see this as a downside as pretty much every eatery you step into in New Orleans is a gastronomic delight. If you are looking for a good brunch, try Brennan鈥檚, a unique experience, a 3 course brunch with a recommended choice of wine for each course, a classic. Or if you want good food that鈥檚 lighter try EAT on Dumaine and Daupine, which is truly good, from smoked salmon bagels, fried green tomatoes, fruit, home made muesli, grits and all the accompanying fayre, eggs, bacon etc , general fine homemade good food. Greasy diners eat your heart out.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Deniang1
<Content>Thumbs Up for the Hotel St. Marie! Our first visit to New Orleans (Fri. 'till Monday) and we were thrilled with our room at the St. Marie. The parking attendant was terrific, the check-in process quick and courteous, the maid service great and the continental breakfast steward was helpful each morning. We hated to leave. Great place!  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hawynangl87
<Content>Loved The Marie The hotel St. Marie was a wonderful hotel. The room was much larger than I expected. The only thing I did not enjoy while there were the front desk agents. We only had to deal with them 2 times and both times they were extremely rude. The room we stayed in also had a balcony facing the courtyard and although it is right off bourbon our room was extremely quiet. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone and I will be staying there the next time I go to New Orleans  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>SallyRay
<Content>It Has to be the St. Marie! After coming from Cape Girardeau, MO to New Orleans every year, we found the St. Marie four years ago and now consider it our New Orleans home. Unlike so many other hotels, the staff - from the manager to the front desk to the bellman, the housekeepers, everyone...is very friendly. We have stayed in the historic part of the hotel, which is a real treat if a room is available (those go fast). The regular rooms are quite nice, large, lots of bells and whistles (though we wish the rooms had mini-fridges), including free internet access. The courtyard is small but attractive and restful. Hillery's is one of the best places in New Orleans to dine, and the Bistro turns out great breakfasts at reasonable prices. The streetside bar is a fun place to start a conversation with locals or other visitors, and Gregory the bartender is absolutely wonderful. Here's just one example of how accommodating the staff is...as we were checking out, two women were checking in. They asked if the hotel had a business center with computers. The manager said no, it didn't, but if they needed access to a computer over the weekend, he would arrange for them to use his. When you walk into the St. Marie, you don't get the feeling that staff is being nice because they have to...you truly feel they are happy to see you.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>WildFan
<Content>A PLACE WITH CHARACTER My friend and I decided on this hotel after some major searching. We were very pleased with our stay here. We went for Halloween and the rates were reasonable. It's a good location if you want to experience Bourbon Street or the French Quarter because it's centrally located. Can be noising being so close to Bourbon, but it didn't cause us any problems. Rooms were clean, but not fancy. Had a charm of the old hotel. Don't expect the Four Seasons, but they are well appointed rooms and the staff is helpful.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>MemphisWinelover
<Content>Overall nice...but noisy.. I was in New Orleans because the University I graduated from was playing Tulane in football. Unfortunately/Fortunately, it was also Voodoo Festival Weekend.Because it was Voodoo Festival weekend, all hotels had jacked their prices up. But that is slightly understandable. The staff was really great. I checked in with ease. It is a cute, adorable boutique hotel. My room was really nice and I had a balcony overlooking Toulouse street which I thought was cool at first. I really liked that I was less than a block from Bourbon which is where most of the action was since it was a crazy weekend. It helped that it was only a block from where all of Memphis fans were meeting up at the club Razoos.The only problem that I had with the hotel is the noise. I could hear all the noise out in the hall including at 3am. Then because it was a crazy weekend there was more traffic than probably normal for Toulouse. The doors to the balcony are probably not well sealed because I heard all of the noise outside on the street that didn't seem to end until about 5am. I know the hotel can't control the noise but they need to have a better way to buffer out some of the noise. It sounded like the doors were open which they weren't.Overall, a good experience. It was clean and comfortable. If I stay there again and get a balcony, I will request the courtyard side. It overlooked the pool area and was really nice.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ctoonwife
<Content>Over exceeded my expectations       Riht outside of Hotel St Marie w/Goldie  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tbutler
<Content>Nice Small Hotel Convenient to Everything the French Quarter has to Offer My husband and I just love the French Quarter. We usually stay at the Royal Sonesta on Bourbon but opted to save a few bucks and try the Hotel St. Marie. We were pleasantly surprised. We wanted a street side King Balcony(to people watch) but one was not available so we took a Double Balcony room. This room was very spacious. Rooms could use a little updating but so could I. Just one big problem the MATTRESSES were HORRIBLE!! They need replacing ASAP!! But other than that we had no problems. All the staff were more than helpful, all were very friendly and courteous. I will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>wilwilwil
<Content>Party weekend? This hotel is Perfect! I found this hotel on the Internet and called up to find out if I could get enough rooms to accomodate the bachelor party I was planning. They said it would be no problem. As it was the second anniversary of Katrina, I kind of thought it would be a down weekend for NO hotels. The people I talked to on the phone were great, though this hotel is run by a company that owns a bunch of hotels in NO. They'll always need to know which one you're staying at.Hotel itself was perfectly fine... the AC was excellent, we had a view of the pool which was worthless, but so what, you're in New Orleans for Bourbon street, right? So what are you doing in the hotel room unless you're asleep or in the shower? The location....Good Lord. Awesome. Absolutely awesome. That's why I picked this place and it paid off big time. We could run back to the hotel from the bars on Bourbon if the bar bathrooms were sickeningly dirty. How cool is that? The staff was pretty good, though when we arrived they said something like We heard you're having a bachelor party and we wanted to tell you you better not make noise and disturb guest blah blah blah. Like they were lecturing us. That was a little weird, but not like we listened to a word of it.That's about it. Good price, maybe $80 before fees. Watch out for NO taxes and fees at hotels. They can easily be another 20% of the booking price.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>oakapple71
<Content>Overrated, Dirty, Tired and a little bit pathetic. Overall, the experience in the hotel was just negative - the saving graces being the location, charm and staff. I'll start at the beginning:I booked my room through the hotel website, and specified the need for a roll away bed and the number in our party. This was two weeks before arrival, and I prepaid the room to ensure a value rate. Upon arrival, I was informed that even though the notes on my reservation stated I had a party of 4 and needed 2 roll aways, the reservation was only for one person. The staff admitted that they had read the notes, and were confused by them - but no one bothered to call me to clarify. They just waited til I showed up, and then informed me I had to deal with an extra 60 dollar a night charge for a five night stay! They agreed to take this down to forty considering the confusion but it was still irritating. Additionally, they only gave us one roll away for the entire trip.In order to find us a suitable room large enough for my party of four, we spent one night in a King Suite on the ground floor, which was interesting, but rather dirty. The staff then kindly transfered us to a much larger room on the ground floor for the next 4 nights. The room was absolutely INFESTED with gnats to the point where I am covered in bug bites and scabs. The carpets were almost black with dirt - just disgusting. I had to walk around with shoes on at all times. Although a charming room, if clean, it was just in need of a deep cleaning. The bathroom was clean, however. The restaurant is closed - they lost their lease - so there is no food on site - which is one of the reasons I choose the location..... The employees are attempting a breakfast of pastries, coffee and OJ. It is not much at all. The cable kept cutting out repeatedly. There is no concierge, and the restaurant recommended by the front desk for brunch one morning was DREADFUL - not only the worst dining experience of the trip, but one of the worst in the past 10 years! (It is deserving of another review). The location is very good, and the staff was typically friendly and seemed professional. If you want this location, though, I'd aim for the Ramada directly across the street - looks neat and clean. This place is just run down and in need of a deep cleaning.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>1	3	1	5	1	2	4	-1	

<Author>trvlgal1966
<Content>it was ok It was clean, and I liked the interior design. It is older, but I think that is part of its charm. It had a pool that was a plus! Great location. My main complaint is that you can't sleep in if you want if housekeeping is near your door. You can hear EVERYTHING in the hallway including housekeeping's LOUD conversations. Oh, and even though check out time is posted on your door, housekeeping says it's an hour earlier and will continuously knock on your door as if that will help you hurry up.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	1	2	

<Author>Realitychex
<Content>A three dressed up as a nine This is a tired hotel. Our room was on the main floor of the building, which had to be accessed via the parking garage. It smelt dank and the bedding was tired. Although the internet was supposedly free, the service was intermittant and useless for all intents and purposes.The location, if you are keen to party with 20 somethings till you fall over, is about 20 yards from Bourbon St. The French Quarter is vastly over rated. If you want a piece of Europe in North America, do yourself a favor and go to Quebec City.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tapstring
<Content>Great location, average accomodations stayed at the St. Marie recently. It does have an excellent location near the heart of Vieaux Carre. We paid about 75.00 without tax. Had I paid much more than that, I would have felt cheated. Nothing terrible mind you, but after waiting an hour for my bags to brought to my room from storage, I called to remind them. Still had to wait 30 minutes. The knob on the light switch was missing, rendering it impossible to use. Was told they would take care of it-they didn't. They did switch rooms from a view of the A/C units via only one small window, to a larger room with three windows. One suggestion, and this goes for all hotels, will you please put up another towel bar or at least a hook or two so we can have a towel at the sink and not fighting over towel rack space?!! One final comment re service. On our day of departure the valet pulled my car up, got out and walked away while I had two bags at the curb. Personally, I can go for carrying my own bags and skip the tipping, but this guy didn't even try. All he had to do was lift two small bags into the trunk and my two bucks would have been his two bucks.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Pontleau
<Content>Fantastic Location, Wonderful Staff The Hotel St. Marie was a diamond in the rough! We found this hotel on another website, and having never been to New Orleans before, went in completely blind. Much to our surprise, the hotel was fabulous! It has that old fashioned charm you're looking for, a balcony, spacious rooms, comfy beds, and you're only a block off Bourbon Street! I can't compliment the staff enough, either. We came from from Pat O'Brien's completely famished, and the night desk clerk ordered us a pizza from a local hot spot, and it was delivered to the lobby by bicycle in ten minutes! I can't wait to visit again...we'll definitely be staying here when we do!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sean_Owens
<Content>Enjoyed the Location Great Hotel located 1 block off of Bourbon Street. Best part about this hotel is the location, location, location. Right off of Bourbon Street, 2 blocks from Patty O's, and there's a Lucky Dog Vendor right up the road for that Midnight to 2am nosh that you're dying for after partaking of the numerous libations up and down the Quarter. Pro'sRooms are spacious and well kept. $20 per day unlimited tripsUnlimited Wired InternetConsLimited diningPool area a bit smallovercharge for balcony experienceAll in all, a 4-* star facility, with the Ability to be a truly 4+ to 5 *.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>LondonTrailfinder
<Content>Not bad, but not great either.       Standard Room in adjoining wing  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>SDAtlanta
<Content>Great location, historic hotel, pool too!       View up from pool courtyard  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>satxtourista
<Content>Unbelievably great location! I've stayed multiple times at the Prince Conti, HSM's brother hotel. I've always wanted to stay at HSM and was pleasantly surprised. Location is fantastic for my needs. Everyone I dealt with at the hotel was so friendly and helpful. Even housekeeping staff worried about me when I had an allergy attack during my stay. I would highly recommend this quaint boutique hotel. Only drawback is ice and sodas are on the main floor; but that's a minor problem which you have to deal with in staying at a quaint hotel instead of the larger ones. No biggie. Free local and USA Today daily. I would highly recommend staying here if you enjoy a smaller, clean, quiet hotel.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>sweetpearn77
<Content>3rd time's a charm! We've stayed at the St Marie a total of three times so far. We couldn't be more pleased with any of our experiences there.Each time just gets better!! The staff are friendly and helpful, the place is clean, and the pool is a welcome relief from the New Orleans summer heat! (along with the wonderful AC in the rooms) We've stayed in both street and pool facing rooms there, the noise from Bourbon has never been a problem. The location can't be beaten, it's right in the middle of everything, close to dining, bars, nightlife, easy walk to Cafe Du Monde and French market. We've always felt safe coming and going even late at night, there was never anyone hanging around that shouldn't have been there (which I can't say for other hotels I've stayed in) We didn't eat dinner at the hotel's restaurant, however we did eat breakfast at the Bistro, and while the ambiance was great (sitting in an open setting watching the quarter come alive in the morning) the food was nothing to write home about and was a little overpriced. We will probably skip the Bistro next time. We would recommend this hotel to everyone, we will stay at the St. Marie for our next visit to our favorite town. P.S. The Gumbo Shop for dinner and Commanders Palace for the Sunday Jazz Brunch are definite musts while in town!!!!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>MMMSanFrancisco
<Content>The St. Marie was Fantastic! I recently stayed at the Hotel St. Marie with my wife and our 11 year old son. It was wonderful. The hotel is only 1 block away from all the action of Bourbon St. and walking distance to all the great restaurants in the French Quarter. Since it is off the main drag it is very peaceful and relaxing. The hotel was very clean with beautiful architecture. Our room had a small balcony overlooking the street (very nice) with 2 beds in a very spacious room. The beds were very comfortable. They also have rooms with balconies overlooking a beautiful garden courtyard and a small pool. My son loved the pool. There is a restaurant (we didn't eat there) in the hotel as well as a bar. From the valet to the front desk, the staff at the St. Marie were very professional and friendly. If you're traveling to the French Quarter, you can't go wrong at the St. Marie.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cape11honeysuckle
<Content>Hospitality Hotel My daughter and I had travelled from California and were pretty weary. Big John greeted us in the driveway, had our SUV safely parked, and escorted us to the lobby. There we met Jerry the hotel clerk. She smiled, gave us a super rate and made us feel so welcome! We loved our room which had a balcony overlooking the French Quarter and Bourbon Street. The furniture was elegant, beds very comfy....It made us feel so safe and allowed us to walk everywhere to see the sights of New Orleans French Quarter. Thank you for making our stay memorable.Sincerely,The Charbonneaus  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>westminsterboy
<Content>Nice Hotel Great Location I just returned from a week long stay at the Hotel St. Marie and had a great time. I found the hotel to be clean and very affordable. The courtyard was always kept in good shape and is nicely landscaped and lovely at night with the right accent lights. An earlier review and pictures on the website show a brick wall at the end of the courtyard with no vegetation, but it now has trees and plants against the wall which only enhances the New Orleans Courtyard experience. The pool was also nice to have in the LA heat with plenty of chairs and tables with umbrellas to sit back and read. The rooms were cleaned early in the day which made coming back to the hotel after a few hours walking around the French Quarter in the hot sun for a nap a pleasant thing. The staff was very friendly and always ready with a hearty good morning or have a nice evening. The Hotel St. Marie is just steps to Bourbon St but miles away when it comes to the noise. I was very happy to see the progress in and around the French Quarter and Canal St. There were more stores and restaurants open and for longer hours than last year. I did not venture past the FQ but I understand less progress is being made in those areas. The Gumbo Shop, Brennans, Court of Two Sisters, and Mulates provided culinary pleasures, at those places you cannot go wrong. The meals were fantastic. I found my 2007 New Orleans vacation experience a safe and wonderful time. No fights, no arguments, no theft, just people doing what people come to New Orelans to do, eat , drink, and be happy!  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>machinist13
<Content>good place to stay The Hotel St. Marie was a good, quiet, comfortable place to stay in the French Quarter. 1 block from the mayhem of Bourbon Street. Prices reasonable (except $22 to park per day!)  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>jillian801
<Content>Amazing hotel! I just stayed at the St Marie and had the best time! The hotel is beautiful and is in the perfect location. The staff was so nice and the rooms make you feel so comfortable! I stay there every year on my birthday and will definately continue to do so.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Frankie50
<Content>Great Hotel We had a wonderful experience at this hotel. The staff were very accomodating and friendly. There is one guy who works at the front desk who is very arrongant and makes you feel like you are a bother or not wanted there, but the rest of the employees were great!Great location and quiet as well! We will definitely be returning within the next year or so.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Gringa222
<Content>Excellent location We traveled to New Orleans for the last weekend of Jazz Fest and stayed at the St. Marie. Excellent location for everything in the French Quarter! Our room was average size, nicely decorated, clean and had a 'balcony' that overlooked the small pool in the courtyard. The balcony is just big enough to stand on so don't think you're going to sit out there! Air conditioner worked great which was a good thing since the temperatures were in the 90's with the same humidity! Man was it hot! Didn't like the fact that there were no safes in the bedroom- had to use safes by front desk. Not a major inconveniece but would have been nice to have one in the room for the camera, iPod, money, etc. I was worried about street noise due to location but it wasn't an issue at all! Staff was helpful, bar was good but a bit pricey. Stay away from the restaurant . . . we went down for Sunday breakfast and ended up leaving due to NO SERVICE. Will definitely stay at the St. Marie again- location, location, location!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jazmincleo
<Content>St Marie - Location To Be Staying with friends in Louisiana for a few weeks, we were invited to a corporate event in town on the afternoon and so decided to book a room at a French Quarter Hotel and have a night on Bourbon Street afterwards than drive 40 miles home.Got the St Marie for a very reasonable $90 for a double double room which sleeps 4 with a balcony. This is not bad at all for the French Quarter and being from England is only 拢45 a night for 3 of us which is unheard of in my home country.Arrived at the hotel, staff were courteous and helpful, signed in and checked out the room.The common areas were clean and tidy as were the rooms but the place is looking tired. The beds were a little lumpy and uncomfortable (you meet in the middle of the mattress and the pillows were nothing to send a postcard home about). Toileries were basic and the coffee machine was interesting to say the least. Their coffee whitener, doesn't make the coffee white but we had a laugh about that.The balcony was fine and it was air conditioned throughout. The pool looked clean and was being used extensively whenever we went back upto the room.It was a comfortable stay, it was average and I would go back there if something else was not reasonably available in the same area. For out of town visitors, it must be noted that they have parking on-site for $22 a night, free WIFI for all guests and it's right in the heart of the quarter, yet on a quiet side street.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	3	2	4	

<Author>KJR0711
<Content>Nice French Quarter Location My wife and I found a great deal on the hotel's website and snatched it up for a night before we headed to our Garden District B  B. The staff was friendly, the location was terrific for access to Bourbon Street, and the room was very nice. Be sure to request a room with a balcony (preferably one facing towards Bourbon), as the view is great...and you can have a few cocktails while watching people stumble from Bourbon to God knowns where. We would certainly stay here again on our next visit to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>LillianV
<Content>Hotel St Marie       Vew From Upper Floor Room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>txfrnk1
<Content>French Quarter Appeal I recently stayed at the Hotel St. Marie over a long weekend in June 2007. Our room was a good size with a small balcony overlooking the courtyard. The courtyard is cozy with a pool and chairs and lots of folliage around. The hotel is 1 block from Bourbon St. which is great if you dont want to much noise after a long nite of partying. The beds were comfortable, great water pressure. The bathroom does not have a regular door, but rather a closet-type door. This was not a problem my guest and I are together. Our television was rather small, but we didnt spend to much time our room. There are 5 floors, we stayed on the 3rd. There is only 1 elevator which is kinda slow, but it bother me. The lobby is nice and quiet with chairs to wait around for guests if need be. The hotel staff was super nice the days we were there...from the valet to housekeeping. The valet/bellboy service is kinda sporatic, but when avaiable....they are friendly and courteous. My cousin staying at the hotel as well had to leave his keys with the front desk as the valet were busy parking other cars. Our room was cleaned later in the day which I had hoped would be done earlier. The price was excellent. I would stay here again. The restaurant downstairs has good food for breakfast and dinner. The hotel can be an intimiate place for a getaway weekend, as it was for us, or can be for a family stay as well. Remember that this hotel is not modern, but antique...which means things wont be as perfect as say the Omni or Hilton. We wanted an older hotel in the French Quarter and we got one....which was cool.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>nolavisitor
<Content>The hotel is great hotel, the staff is great except for the desk  I have stayed at the Hotel St. Marie before and, in fact, stayed in the same room as I did before. Not that I am complaining, we had two rooms with an adjoining balcony that viewed all the way down Toulose Street. The hotel is what you would expect. It is a nice hotel, but what ruined my trip was the stay. Espcially, a gentleman working the desk and the general manager who did not handle my complaints, but was more worried about a bad review on trip advisor. My complaint was simple, we needed to leave a room key for a travelor who was arrivig later. Although both rooms were paid for with the same credit and the same credit card was being held to pay for incidentials on both rooms, the gentleman at the desk would not allow the person who had booked and paid for the room to leave a key for the room because he was not listed as staying in the room. That may be understandable, but when we asked to either call up the room and have the person staying in that room to come down or check the computer to verify who was paying for the room, he refused. When we attempted to continue the conversation we walked away. At check out this same gentleman was working the desk, when I attempted to discuss this previous problem with him he walked away and called his general manager (whom I had talked to on the phone after the problem intially occured). The general manager came down and was more concerned about my tone with the desk employee and me leaving a bad review than he was about solving the problem or even apologizing for what occurred. The gentleman at the desk made me and my group feel so uncomfortable, we rest down the block at the Inn on Bourbon hotel lobby before leaving town.Don;t get me wrong, the Hotel St. Marie is a nice hotel with a great location and great balconies. However, The staff and management need to rememeber the name of the business, hospitality.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>esamrei
<Content>You will Love the St Marie I have just returned from New Orleans and stayed again at the Hotel St. Marie. This is maybe my fifth or sixth time - I have lost count. The hotel has two sister hotels - The Prince Conti and the Place d'Armes both also located in the French Quarter. Everything about the hotel is great - location, staff, ambience and the BIstro Moise and Hillary's Restaurants are top notch. Located just steps from Bourbon Street, the hotel is in the heart of the French Quarter action, but somehow manages to be a quiet boutique hotel. AND.... in walking distance to just about everything. Best of all I got the hotel at $68.00 per night!!! I spent about what I pay for one night in NYC for 5 nights in New Orleans. Do yourself a favor and stay at this little gem - you will go back. Within walking distance of the hotel is EAT on Dauphine Street (the old QSR - Quarter Scene Restaurant) had a fantastic breakfast there and they have terrific fried green tomatoes. Speaking of breakfast - the Ramada just down the street from the St. Marie and a fantastic breakfast buffet for $11.50. Other great places to eat - Mother's (best po'boys) on Polydras Street and Mona Lisa Restaurant for the best pizza ever.Also Irene's Cuisine is a place where you will never get a bad meal. Best of all - I already have my reservation for the St. Marie for the weekend before Halloween - can't wait to get back!!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>iufanslw
<Content>Great 1st Time Visit This was my first visit to New Orleans. Some friends suggested to go during French Quarter Fest and also recommended the Hotel St. Marie. It is a very nice hotel and close to everything. It is a few blocks off Bourbon so not as noisy I would think too. The staff was friendly and very accommodating. The restaurant was great one night and then we had a bad experience a few nights later that was quickly resolved. I would definitely stay here again on another visit.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>loydkw
<Content>Great Hotel - I will Be Staying There Again This is the second time I have stayed at the Saint Marie and just as the first time in August of 2006 it was more than I expected compared to others i have stayed at with similar rates. I was extremely pleased with the large room and how friendly the housekeeping staff was as well as the people runnig the front desk. I have stayed in New Orleans before and have also lived there many years ago but noticed that the past couple of years that the people in general of New Orleans seem very friendly. Maybe that is because I have become accustomed to the behavior of the some of the people in South Florida which tends to be rude and unfriendly. I guess living somewhere where the hospitality people are as friendly makes you notice the friendliness of the people of New Orleans more. I used the hotel's website to book my reservations and was surprised to find such a great low rate of $69 for weekdays and $89. for the Friday and Saturday nights. We had plenty of towels and they were good ones and not the thin cheap ones you get at other places. The front desk staff people, I don't remember their names but one was a short black women during the day and a young white man at night and they both we overly helpful with directions, especially with getting public transportation to the zoo since the St. Charles street car was not running. I would definetely reccomend this hotel to others as its location is excellent being between Bourbon and Dauphine and just a few blocks from Jackson Square.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>K21r
<Content>A great place to stay in a great city I arrived at Hotel St Marie at 10.30 on a Saurday night, worn out after travelling over 15 hours from home. As I got out of the taxi I heard the sound of Bourbon Street, half a block away. Check-in was painless and speedy, with very friendly and welcoming staff. I dumped my bags and followed the noise. It was a wonderful introduction to New Orleans and over the next three days I enjoyed fantastic hospitality, both at the hotel and around town. The bed was very comfortable and the room, whilst on the basic side, was more than adequate. I must admit I never turned on the TV and only discovered they have a mini-swimming pool when I was about to depart! Bathroom and shower were fine. The best two things about the hotel were the location and the staff. The location could not be improved on - just far enough from the frenetic activity of Bourbon Street to be allow a quiet feel and yet only a few seconds off what must register as the epi-centre of the French Quarter. The staff were universally friendly and helpful - say hi to Desiree, who serves breakfast and enjoys finding our about her visitors.If you've never been to New Orleans and you like music, wonderful food, attractive eclectic architecture and a wonderful combination of simultaneously laid-back and zesty people then this is a place to consider.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotrodzcat
<Content>Loved The Marie What a perfect location.. After working with the Red Cross during Katrina, my daughter spent her 21st birthday at the Prince Conti (a sister hotel) in the French Quarter and vowed when she got married, this was going to be the destination. In November, she got engaged and we went on line to make reservations. The Prince Conti could not accomodate us for her time frame, however, the Marie could and the rest was history.The staff was wonderful in making sure all family/friends were located on the same floor with balconies facing the quarter. Sitting out on the balconies listening to the music coming from the corner establishment was fabulous. The room sizes were perfect. My daughter, her 2 friends and myself shared a suite and it was awlsome. Whatever we needed, they were happy to accomodate us. We had alot of fun and they seemed to enjoy the family and friends who decided to get a tatoo in honor of the bride.We are planning to go back next year around the same time(week after Mardi Gras) and we will definetly stay there.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Chonkla
<Content>Loved the Hotel St. Marie!!! This hotel was recommended to us by a Tourist Information Center in Baton Rouge. The price was what initially got our attention--$49/night for a hotel in the French Quarter (during the week of course)! The hotel staff were incredibly warm, friendly and helpful. They recommended great restaurants, things to do while we were there, and gave us directions to places we asked. I do not know when I have seen better customer service in a hotel.The rooms were nice--very clean, large and comfortable. The hotel location is great as well. I definitely will be back to visit my new friends at the Hotel St. Marie!!!  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>NCJenn
<Content>Nice hotel We stayed at the St Marie for 5 nights in May. Hotel was nice and clean. Staff was friendly, informative  personable. We had an early flight and were allowed to check in around 10am. Overall - Very good hotel for the price. Location is great. No complaints. Would stay there again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnotherTenor
<Content>Charming French Quarter Hotel Friendly staff and good housekeeping. Our room was clean and attractive. Good location within the French Quarter; the block north of Bourbon St helps to buffer it from the noise and crowds. Second floor rooms with balconies facing Dauphine are larger than other floors and quieter than those on Toulouse. Shady interior courtyard is small but pleasant, and a nice break from the heat on the streets. On-site, enclosed valet parking.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>ednpamk
<Content>A nice hotel...great value and location The Monteleone didn't have a room for one more night, so we had to check out and we stayed at the St. Marie. It's no 4-star like the Monteleone but it's a very nice hotel. It's kept clean, it's comfortable, and its location is great, just 1/2 block from Bourbon and Toulouse, and 3 blocks from Jackson Square. It's amazingly quiet so close to the Bourbon St party scene.Got a great rate thru Orbitz ($74) and the room was large and comfortable, with a courtyard view. Pool is small but the water was great, and the courtyard seems miles away from the wild scene a hundred yards away.I would definitely stay at the St. Marie again.  
<Date>May 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>Sarge30
<Content>Great hotel, staff, and location We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie in early April. We were there with a reunion of Marines from Baker Co. who fought in the Korean War. The hotel surpassed our expectations-very clean and convenient to everything in the French Quarter. The entire staff, from Timothy Lawrence, General Manager, to the bell men were more than pleasant and helpful. I would definitely choose to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seattle22
<Content>WOW!!!!!!! We had the most amazing stay we've experienced in a long time. The rooms were immaculate, the view from our French Quarter side balcony was stupendous, and ALL of the individuals working with the hotel were as kind as ever (even the girl in the bar who only worked a day- but this is totally a cultural thing). There simply are not words to describe the experience, rather it must be felt with one's heart (two is even better- I fell in love with my girl all over again).  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jrandywill
<Content>Be Careful When Booking a Package Deal Graet Location. Quaint, BUT, since we booked it as part of a package deal, and even though we upgraded, we were put in the absolute smallest room in the upstairs that was once the attic. The room measured @ 12X15, and with a king bed (lumpy) it was full. We looked into other rooms during our stay and they seemed much more spacious and nicer. Let me see, bad cable reception when it was even on, a broken chair, horrible U shaped mattress, no closet, no shelves, no towel rack, right next to the custodial closet that was in use at 7am.The restaurant was only open one night of the four we were there. Should I go on? I think not. The folks there were VERY nice and VERY pleasant, and VERY helpful about everything but the rooms. They KNOW what kind of place it is. If you don't care about being comfortable and want to be in the middle of everything this is the place for you.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>MPTexas
<Content>Great deal for a wonderful stay! Just returned from a three night stay at the Hotel St Marie, in the French Quarter. What an excellent value for the location. The room size was more than adequate and very clean. We actually could sleep at night, being a half-block from Bourbon Street, yet close to everything we wanted to do. We especially enjoyed the small hotel bar and excellent bartender, Jerry...thank you! There was a convenient small family owned grocery store, Toulouse House Grocery, just around the corner, that makes excellent french bread sandwiches and at a very good price. We were so happy with our stay at the Hotel St Marie that we will definitely stay there for all future N.O. trips.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lilbruingirl
<Content>Good location, but dark rooms and questionable cleaning staff       Hotel St Marie  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>3	2	4	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>Senior60+
<Content>Good Value for French Quarter Location Stayed at St. Marie for two nights, March 9  10. Booked through hotel's web site at $115 per night, advance pay option. Valet Parking is additonal $22.50, plus tax per night. It was a good value compared with other hotels in the Quarter. It is one-half block from Bourbon St.Our room had a king bed with no balcony. It was clean and comfortable. A touch of wear was showing such as cracked wallpaper and old sinks but still serviceable. This is to be expected in the old buildings in the Quarter. If you are looking for extravagance, stay someplace else.The only food I bought at the hotel was coffee and roll for breakfast in the cafe that opened onto the sidewalk, a nice touch. A free paper was provided.The staff was courteous and helpful and seemed to appreciate visitors coming back to N.O. Valet parking is recommended if you bring a car. Be prepared to navigate around parades and across Bourbon St. if you take the car out at night. Not a problem - just requires patience.Bottom line: Not a fancy place but very comfortable with a great location if you want to stay in the Quarter.Restaurant recommendations:Bon Ton ($$$) Gautreau's ($$$)Commander's Palace ($$$$) Try Sunday brunchFelix's Restaurant  Oyster Bar ($$) - for oysters on the half shellFun thing to do on a hot afternoon: Piano Bar at Pat O'brien's  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>medcat3
<Content>Fun at St. Marie       View from our balcony  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RedBG
<Content>Great choice in the Quarter Stayed here for four nights and would choose this hotel again. If your looking for a clean room, near Bourbon Street, friendly staff, at a good price - this is the place. I also was in and out of a few other hotels were relatives were staying, if your looking for four elevators, and a large lobby, and all the stuff that comes with a large big name hotel - you aren't going to get it at the St.Marie. I'd recommend it as a great place to stay for a great price.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>roccgt
<Content>very nice/good value Stayed At St. Marie for one night: March 5, 2007. Booked thru priceline on 3/3 for $52, plus taxes and fees of $15.66. NOTE: Valet Parking is additonal $22.50, plus tax per nite- Not bad for French Quarter-garage is next to hotel. Parking in Quarter is difficult, so I recommend the hotel parking option. All told, at this rate, it was a good value. Hotel is well located, close, but not too close, to Bourbon St. We had a room on a high floor, which was very quiet, on a Monday nite. Room was very clean, although billed as nonsmoking, it had a feint odor of smoke-no big deal. The sink had a few cracks and there was a small tear in the bathroom wallpaper-here again, no big deal. If you can't handle these things, you shouldn't be in the French Quarter in the first place. Overall, this was a very nice room  hotel. FYI: This hotel is only a block from a bar called the Old Opera House, on Bourbon. They had a great zydeco band, no cover. I guanantee you'll get happy feet. They didn't seem to mind if you brought your own drinks in-which we did, being so close to our wine bottle in hotel. This saved us enough to tip the band. Crazy Old Coot, et ux.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>dmw1954
<Content>Delighted with the St Marie Excellent hotel with extraordinary restaurant located in the French quarter. Rooms are spacious and well appointed. Staff were very friendly and welcoming - interested in ensuring that my needs (taxi to airport etc) were understood and met. Restaurant was outstanding with unique and engaging menu - moderate prices around $45 per person including taxes, excluding tip for three four star courses with wine. Rate was $108 inclusive offering outstanding value and comparable service to $250 rates elsewhere in my experience.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sbarcia
<Content>Not as great as billed I just got back from a 5 night stay at Hotel St. Marie. It's located just 1/2 block form Bourbon Street, and has parking attached to the hotel. The property is well maintained, and as such would rank as a good value. The rooms are not spacioud, but sufficient for a smaller hotel - Save the 5 or $10 that you spend for a balcony - they are tiny, and the ones that face the courtyard all are wide open and face each other - you wouldnt want to sit out, you would feel like you were sitting on a fire escpae in a tenement. We did not find the staff as freindly and cooperative as billed. There is an older black woman who is very professional and warm, but the other people we interacted with were not as warm or friendly.I traveled with two other co workers and each room was pre paid. Two were booked directly with the hotel and a third through Travelocity. One coworker travelled fomr the midwest and encountered horrible weather, stranding her in a onnecting city late on a Sunday and it wasn't clear till very late that there owuldnt be a lfight to New Orleans. Her room was guaranteed for late arrival and paid in full. She never got to New Orleans on Sunday, but caught a very early direct flight to NOLA Monday morning. She arrived around 11, and desperately needed a ocuple of hours of sleep and a warm shower. She was told that there were no rooms available, and that they would not refund the room rate from the night before. they rented her prepaid room and wouldn't compensate her for the room she paid for and couldn't use until 4 pm that day *their check in time. She persistently argued her case, and first was told that the room was rented Sundya evening at 8, and then when she made the argument prsented, was told the room was rented at 3:30 AM when she didn't show up. The front desk clerk then became very unpleasant with her.In any event, the hotel should have either 1) never rented the room 2) refunded her money for that night 3) and apologized for charing her when they took additional money for the room that was paid in full.This taints my view of this otherwise nice hotel, and I would caution anyone used to big hotel values and service to think ttwice. I will take this up with management there, and if thye resolve it favorably, will write a follow up notice here.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>poostie
<Content>Hotel St. Marie We just returned from a weekend stay in the Hotel St. Marie and we were surprised to find a hotel in the French Quarter that was so conviently located yet so quiet and comfortable. The room was a very good size and the private balcony overlooked a very charming courtyard. The room we occupied on the 2nd floor was so quiet that we felt like we were the only guest staying in the hotel. The only negative that I have come up with was that the elevator was a little slow. Since we were only on the 2nd floor we took the stairs that were located through the courtyard. We will definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>law6knp
<Content>Great Location Arrived at Hotel St Marie after a long and excrutiating amtrak journey from Atlanta. 11 planned hours and 5 extra in delay. A very usual occurence it appears.So having missed the superbowl and it being 12.30am we headed straight to our room.I wasn't completely up to speed and failed to heed the advice on this forum about asking for a courtyard facing room.We were given a room facing onto the street which unfortunately smelt a bit musty. We asked for a change of room and the man on reception upgraded us to a balcony room. The room was a good size, clean and had a great view from the balcony of the hustle and bustle of bourbon street. We climbed into bed and were just dropping off when the bar at the end of the street started playing bon jovi - living on a prayer. We tried to ignore it but both ended up singing the chorus. Thankfully exhaustion got the better of us and we slept a long deep sleep, our first of 5 nights in the hotel st marie and new orleans.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>jdcadamm
<Content>Must Love New Orleans!! If you have a flair for life and a need for atmosphere, the Hotel St. Marie is a must stay. The hotel is an amazing journey back in time,,, the architecture, decor and courtyard are Vieux Carre at it's finest......................ah, to love New Orleans! It is also centrally located, Armstrong Park off the historic Basin St. is just a short walk away. Also, right outside the front door, turn left and you're on Bourbon, (it doesn't get better than that) Royal St. and next stop Jackson Square.....................all at your immediate disposal! The hotel itself was a delight, more personality than anywhere I have ever stayed from London to Toronto the the W New Orleans, the Hotel St. Marie was definitely a Top Experience. The hotel, the rooms, the courtyard and the staff............................FABULOUS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TonyDr
<Content>A Nice Touch Spent my wedding anniversary at the Hotel St. Marie and loved it.Asked for and received a street balcony room. Did you hear the noise of the street ?- yeah, but hey, this is The French Quarter. Great location 1 block off of Bourbon and 5 blocks from Canal Street. Couldn't believe they even sent a bottle of champagne up to the room. What a nice touch! Maid service was great and everyone was friendly. Would definitely return.Tony D.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>TheRevPetalumaCA
<Content>Hotel St. Marie Does it Again THE HOTEL ST. MARIE, is a perfect place to stay when visiting the FRENCH QUARTER, in LOUISIANA. Absolutely hospitable, the staff was attentive, and welcoming. Though our reservations were for a large group, each party felt they were personally attended to with the greatest of consideration. From the point of making of reservations, throughout our stay, and in follow up afterwards, we were given the best of care. The rooms were inviting, clean, well maintained and most affordable. The desk clerks were delightful; friendly. The bell hops were personable, friendly, and willing to help without making us feel that our dollar was more important than our comfort. The city, still in the throws of post Katrina reality, was definitely regrouping/ rebuilding, but the people everywhere were thankful, kind, and thrilled to see visitors returning to the city again. I highly encourage America to go, invest your tourist dollar in rebuilding a fabulous town, and stay with the Valentinos at Hotel St. Marie, or any of the other Valentino properties. Respectfully, Karyn Weste r/ Petaluma, CA  
<Date>Feb 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tmyawtb
<Content>Loved the St. Marie I had a wonderful stay at the Hotel St. Marie! it is right in the heart of the French Quarter, which made for an easy walk to everything I was interested in. It is a block off Bourbon Street, so the late night revelers did not keep me awake. It is a historic hotel with a lot of charm, and it also has a lot of modern amenities. While it does not have a business center, it DOES have an optional $4.95 charge per day that covers all your local  long distant calling, as well as internet usage. The attached restaurant serves delicious food. The staff was friendly, personable, professional, and knowlegeable, even at 2:00 in the morning. I am a professional meeting planner and I would recommend the St. Marie to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jamers513
<Content>One Block from Bourbon St......Great Price       T-I-G-E-R-S  
<Date>Jan 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ARTravelers
<Content>Great Location, Great Value We love this little hotel. We had a balcony room overlooking the street and it was a little noisy but not so bad. Our only negative comment is the room needed better housekeeping. Great location. Great staff.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WMiller86
<Content>Good Hotel overpriced restaurant       Kelli and beads in Hotel St Marie room  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Helen272756
<Content>Excellent!!! We recently stayed a long weekend at the Hotel St. Marie and loved every minute of it! The staff was terrific, helpful and friendly. Breakfast at the hotel was wonderful and the lounge staff was great.Our room's balcony faced the beautifully landscaped court yard and with the property being located 1/2 block from Bourbon Street, it was very quiet. The hotel was EASILY within walking distance to any place in the French Quarters you would wish to visit as well as the Riverwalk and downtown. Our group of 13 loved our stay so much that we have already agreed our next annual get-together will be held here again.Can't wait till next year!!!!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lbax
<Content>hotel st. marie is my home away from home i have stayed at this hotel 3 times in the past 2 years. i met john zaleski when he was a bar tender prior to katrina. i was happy to reutrn on 12/26 to see that he was there and thankfully, alive. he was front desk clerk and gave the same personable service that he had given as a bar tender. i was there 3 days and he always called me by name when i walked through the lobby. the entire staff was friendly. i also have to say that the current bar tender greg pierre was extemely friendly and personable. he was always interested in what i had been doing during the day and what i had bought and where i had been. i am one of those people who will continually go to establishments based on the employees and how i am treated. this is true here in nashville as well as when i go out of town. for years i went to a competitor hotel close to this location for the same reason until it changed hands and i had a safety issue at the pool where neither the staff on duty or corporate managment appeared concerned. it cost them my business and i am sure; other business. i will continue to stay at the hotel st. marie. i could relate other postive experiences but i am sure anyone reading this is tired of listening to me.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kim-in-indy
<Content>Great Location, Good Value for $ My husband and I stayed from Thursday, December 7 through Sunday the 10th prior to our cruise. The location was great, one block north of Bourbon Street, right in the middle of the Quarter. We walked just about everywhere. Cab fare from the airport is $28 to the French Quarter for two people. The cabs use a fixed rate system, eliminating confusion. You can take a shuttle as well, but that only saves about $2. We received the room type we reserved (reservations were done through their website, which had the best rate at the time). We had a balcony on the fourth floor overlooking the courtyard. We had breakfast in the hotel restaurant twice, which was really good. The guest elevator was broken while we were there, so we had to use the small service elevator. We noticed a strong musty smell when you got off the elevator, but it dissipated as we walked away from the elevator. Water pressure was low as others have stated, but it wasn't that big a deal. Our room was the last in the hallway, around a corner, so it was fairly quiet. The room was cleaned promptly each day. The service at the checkin/out was average.We recommend eating at the Red Fish Grill on Bourbon Street, which is west of the hotel. Excellent service and great food. Approx. $60+ for 2. We listed to some great jazz at a little place on Bourbon Street, which was west of the hotel as well. No admin fee, but 1 (expensive) drink minimum. Although we checked several websites, call ahead about tours as a lot of places have scaled back due to the season, not just because of the Hurricane. Overall, the hotel is nothing fancy, but it was good value for the money.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>BayShoreBoy
<Content>The Hotel to Stay at in the French Quarter The Hotel St Marie was a very nice place to stay. It is located practically in the middle of the full length of Bourbon St. This allowed for the option of going either East or West on this street where a good part of the action was. No need to walk from one end of Bourbon to the other since you are right smack in the middle! Walking everywhere in the French Quarter was possible and you never felt too far from the hotel at the same time.The central lobby was beautiful and welcoming.The room itself was nicely tidied up upon my daily departures into town. Don't forget to put the Do Not Disturb sign on your door or you will be disturbed by an eager-to-please housekeeping staff! Fresh and fancily folded towels were set in place also. TV/remote/light switches/coffee maker all operable.While the water pressure in the shower was less than gratifying, this would not be reason enough to not revisit this cozy old structure upon a return visit. The facilities were exceptionally clean and operable.If not for the rain on my visit, I would have used the balcony wrought iron table and chairs more often.The courtyard pool was nicely cared for and was a welcoming place to be with all the tables, chairs and foilage.The desk help was very courteous and helpful in my first visit to The Big Easy. In fact, the entire staff from the desk to the porter to the bar keeps were very accomodating.I would recommend the St Marie to anyone as a centrally located, well kept and reasonably priced accommodation to anyone!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wkatelynw
<Content>New Years Eve Weekend Stay The hotel has some problems, but I would definitely stay again because of the price and location. I would not go here for a romantic getaway, I would stay somewhere else, but it is a good place to stay if going to party with friends. Pros:Location is greatPrice is goodParking staff and easy to parkStaff is friendlyCons:No water pressure what so everThin walls and loud (expected in the French quarter!)Beds are kind of questionable (balled up comforters and just kind of icky looking, but you don't care if you are drunk!)Coke and water machines were always emptyThe complimentary toiletries were kind of stinky  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>cmd123
<Content>Not our Favorite We stayed in New Orleans both before and after a cruise in December, 2006, including 3 nights at the St. Marie. The hotel is located in the French Quarter, within easy walking distance of everything. While I hate to criticize anything in New Orleans, given the continuing tragic post-Katrina situation there, we felt that the St. Marie was really showing it's age. The beds were saggy, there were cracks in the bathroom sink (which didn't drain well), they use only 75 watt bulbs, so it's kind of hard to read, the electrical outlet by the coffee pot was coming out of the wall, the hot water was unreliable and the soundproofing was poor. On Christmas day, we realized that housekeeping had not cleaned our coffee pot or given us clean glasses. We asked if they would, and they agreed, but didn't follow through. When my husband went to the front desk to ask for some clean glasses, he was told that they don't change glasses every day, and they didn't give him new ones. The bar--with lots of clean glasses--was right across the lobby. Next time, we would definitely stay elsewhere. The staff was nice, but didn't make up for the poor maintenance at the St. Marie.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>VenturaGirl
<Content>Call about the water pressure The hotel is beautiful, it is in a PERFECT location and the staff are friendly and helpful. My only complaint is about the shower. The first morning was ok.....it took approximately 10 minutes to warm up but we were at least able to take showers with very low water pressure. The second morning there was not enough water pressure to divert the water from the faucet to the shower head and the water temperature was lukewarm at best. We were told that they had been having water pressure issues the last few days. Luckily we were going to stay with friends that evening so we didn't care so much about the shower at that point. I would definitely inquire about the water pressure before making a reservation at this time. Otherwise the hotel was great.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>world_in_my_eyes
<Content>Christmastime at the St. Marie My boyfriend  I traveled to New Orleansf for a last minute holiday getaway. We chose this hotel based on positive feedback from trip advisor reviews. The hotel is in a great location in the French Quarter and a short walk to everything. The room was a double on the 5th (top) floor with a balcony overlooking the lovely courtyard. The door to the room did little to prevent noise intrusion so you could hear people coming  going  talking loudly in the middle of the night (our room was right off the elevator). The room was clean, if not a bit worn around the edges. When we inquired about the (very) low water pressure in the shower we were told this was an area wide service problem. The valet service was great and the hotel staff was very friendly. New Orleans is an extremely damp  humid place which leaves a bit of a musty smell in the air, especially with carpets, but you get used to it. The price was right, but not a luxurious hotel by any means. However, we went to New Orleans to take in the sights, not hang out in the hotel room. I think the popularity/price/location of this hotel makes it a good value but also explains why it's a bit worn. I would recommend this hotel to travelers who aren't too picky about the details.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Reine_Margot
<Content>A charming retreat in the French Quarter It was our first stay in New Orleans and we very much enjoyed all the amenities from the Hotel St. Marie. The place was very clean, and the personnel very friendly. We took advantage of the lovely plant-shaded courtyard for some quiet afternoon reading, the restaurants, and the recommendations from the well-informed desk employees for local must-see. We'll be back!Angela and Edward CollinsManassas, Virginia  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cjval
<Content>Good value and friendly service Although there was some obvious damage from the hurricane (wet odor etc in SOME areas of the hotel. and cleaniliness not terrific in SOME rooms and areas overall this was a good experience due to t e outstanding and frinedly service of the staff. The front desk personnel were fabulous.... even lent us a wheelchair so we could take my mom out and about for dinner. The bedspreads definitely need to be replaced and the water smells need to be dealt with, but the staff and location on Boubon Street are awesome!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>SamTUK
<Content>Wonderful staff at the hotel I arrived in New Orleans on a Sunday and immediately fell ill with a stomache bug. The hotel staff were fantastic and took such great care of me - making me soup, hot drinks, advising on how to get medical care (not easy in New Orleans). Particular thanks to Greg and Bri on the front desk - great people in a great hotel!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Antraveller
<Content>Excellent staff The hotel facilities are fine, the food is good (especially the southern style breakfasts), but the thing that raises the score for this hotel is the staff. They are absolutely excellent. From the lobby staff to the barman to the cleaning staff they are all kind and couteous. My colleague was ill for 3 days while staying at the hotel (not the hotel's fault - it started before we arrived) and the staff couldn't do enough to help us. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JTs_GRAMMA
<Content>Location, Location, Location My husband and I are regular visitors to New Orleans and had the opportunity to take my 88 year old mother-in-law to this spectacular city during the December Reveillon celebration. We wanted her to experience New Orleans and enjoy it as we do -- the food, the environment, the music, and the history. We chose the Hotel St. Marie for its location (close enough to walk to Bourbon Street, to the St. Louis Cathedral, to historical sites, and to the Cafe Du Monde). Our first stay at the Hotel St. Marie was 17 years ago and, based on our experience, we expected the courtyard, the lobby, and the rooms to be pleasant and charming (not like the typical standard big-chain hotels found in any major city). We were not disappointed -- the staff was cordial, the lobby was decorated tastefully, the courtyard was typical of New Orleans, the rooms were charming, and we were able to walk just about everywhere we wanted to go.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tc173
<Content>Great Hotel Steps From Bourbon St The room was perfect in every way. Felt like a New Orleans type room. The room had a everything we could ask for. One minute walk to the action of Bourbon St a plus. But you could not hear noise inside hotel. Staff took great care of us during our stay.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brooklyntravelgirl
<Content>decent hotel My husband took me to New Orleans this past weekend for a getaway. I loved the exterior of the hotel- typical New Orleans beautiful architecture.The room overall was clean, but the bed spread was a bit worn looking. The bed was very soft and a bit uncomfortable. The bathroom was clean, but was also a little worn looking (the sink has alot of cracks in it).The staff was really great- we had a car and they were always nice parking it and retriving it for us.We faced Toulouse Street, so we did get the street noise but it was not terrible.Overall I would rate this a 3 out of 5 stars.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>psmconnor
<Content>Can't wait for the next visit Our three night stay at the Hotel St. Marie was very pleasant. The hotel is just a short walk to Boubon Street with many places to shop and restaurants. The hotel offers valet parking which is perfect, since parking in the French Quarter is at a premium. Breakfast in the hotel bistro was good with large servings and a reasonable price. The bar is a nice place to relax and enjoy a drink and catch up on a football game. Even though the hotel is located on a busy street, our room was very quiet; our room did face the courtyard and overlooked the pool area. The rooms are clean and large. The hotel staff is very friendly and professional. The location is great, and we felt safe wandering the surrounding areas late at night before returning to the hotel, we encountered no problems and look forward to our next stay.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>ClumsyIsis
<Content>Great and Clean Value in the French Quarter I loved this hotel. I stayed here for 2 nights coming off of a cruise. The hotel is very conveniently located, with everything in the French Quarter within a short walk. The staff was helpful in recommending restaurants, tours, and the like. The room was huge, the beds were nice and clean, as was the bathroom. All in all, it was a great value. I would definitely stay here again, given the chance.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>brneyedgal
<Content>Cute, Great Location, Good Value for the $ We stayed there the first weekend in August, which I don't recommend just because of the heat and humidity. Unless swimming in a bowl of hot soup sounds like fun to you. Fortunately, the air conditioner in the room worked GREAT and we had that baby cranked up to the max! Service: The overall service was exceptional. The checking in/out process was easy, the staff was courteous and helpful with post-Katrina places to eat, activities, etc. We had booked a King Superior with Balcony room for a romantic weekend and were surprised when we opened the door and it was a double room with a balcony, plus a roll-away bed that was placed in there. Turns out that our room was switched with another traveler's room earlier that day by mistake. They graciously removed the roll-away, we made-do with the double beds and when we returned home we received a call from the manager who comped us a night's stay in a Suite on a return visit. And we plan on taking them up on that.Location: Can't get any better. Our balcony (which was rather small and not big enough for a chair) faced the street and it was rather loud at night. If you want a quiet sleep, ask for an interior room. If you like to people watch from your balcony, you'll have to put up with the rock bar just down the street that plays late into the night and the partiers who are yelling. So either bring ear plugs or drink yourself into oblivion. A Green Jester or a Hand Grenade from a place around the corner on Bourbon will help with the latter suggestion. We didn't drive and didn't require a taxi to get anywhere (except to/from the airport) - everything was available within walking distance, at least during the day - French Quarter shops and restaurants, Jackson Square, Canal Street etc. Once it got dark we stayed close to Bourbon Street and avoided side streets that weren't very well lit just for safety reasons. I had read that crime is unusually high in Post-Katrina NOLA (and it was bad before) and was glad to see police officers on foot and on horses every couple of blocks on Bourbon street. Amenities: Standard - very clean, ample towels, toiletries and coffee fixings. The bedspread seemed a little worn, but the linens were nice and the pillows were soft and fluffy, not flat. Other: I wish I had known they had a machine to remove the mildew smell. There was visible mold on the wall that faced the exterior and spots on the ceiling. Fortunately, neither of us have asthma so that didn't present a respiratory problem - but if you do have asthma, you might try to find a hotel in a less damp area - perhaps the warehouse district. Like other people noticed - there isn't a whole lot of water pressure. It was more than a trickle, but if you have long hair - be prepared to take a while to rinse out shampoo and conditioner. If you haven't been to G.W. Fins for dinner, I recommend that highly. Dinner for two with two drinks and an appetizer will run $75-100, but worth every penny. Note: Don't forget to bring an umbrella.This was my second trip to NOLA for pleasure, one pre-Katrina and one post-Katrina. Nice to see parts of the city getting back on their feet, but still depressing to see lots of debris and FEMA trailers in most of the residential areas. If you want to be near the action of the French Quarter at an affordable rate, this hotel is a great value.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>uptownalon
<Content>Weekend getaway! we've stayed at the Place D'Armes Hotel before and decided to give this hotel a try, was it worth it! The staff is outstanding, Sandy at the front desk is fantastic! Our room overlooked the courtyard, it is so beautiful at night. We enjoyed the restaurant for breakfast one morning, try the Eggs St. Marie. They are incredible. The room decor was nice, the only drawback was the guest elevator is being overhauled, so we had to use the service elevator (no big deal). The owners of these hotels really know how to run a business!  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>needanamenottaken
<Content>Enjoyed it all but the shower Enjoyed it all but the shower. We barely had a trickle of water coming out and after talking to other guests over the weekend it seemed to be a problem throughout the hotel. I mentioned it to the maid and she said it was because the city was working on the pipes, but we had friends staying at another hotel and they didn't have water pressure problems at all. To be honest, I have yet to have a great shower at any place I've stayed in the Quarter, but this was one of the worst. However, it's not something that ruins my trips, but I realize others don't feel that way so I thought I'd post a warning. Other than the showers, everything was fine. We had a courtyard room without a balcony and didn't hear a thing from Bourbon. I consider that pretty good since it was the weekend for Halloween festivities and all those crazy Baltimore fans were in town for the game. We did hear the neighbors a few times and people in the hallway, but that can happen anywhere.The staff was great and attentive, though our cab was never called and we had to hitch a ride with some nice people who were heading to the airport and graciously offered us a ride. The location couldn't be better and is an easy walk to anywhere in the Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>cakes
<Content>Some good things but really pretty average This is a hard review for me to write. I research my trips carefully and am usually able to give glowing reviews. I normally keep quiet when I am disappointed. However, since the St. Marie is rated the third best hotel in New Orleans, I feel that I need to let other travelers know what to expect.We visited the Hotel St. Marie for my birthday. It was our first trip to New Orleans post-Katrina. I'll start with the good.Management and staff - Kudos, Kudos, Kudos to the manager. For reasons described below, we requested a meeting with the manager. I really hate that I forgot his name (sorry) but he was wonderful. He met with us quickly, took our complaints seriously, and took appropriate action. He even followed up with us a couple of times. It was obvious that he works very hard and takes pride in his work. The Hotel St. Marie is very lucky to have him. Also during our stay, we talked to at least three different people at the front desk. They were all great. They were friendly and helpful.Location - As other reviews have noted, the location is fabulous. Easy walking distance to anywhere in the French Quarter and crawling distance from Bourbon Street. We did not experience the noise that other reviews mentioned but our room was on the courtyard side.The average - I think I expected too much because of the high ranking of this hotel and the price that we paid. The room was very ordinary. There were none of the special amenities that I am used to receiving in small boutique hotels. The bedspread was worn and tired-looking. We paid extra for a room with a balcony. The balcony was a joke. It was about the size of a postage stamp and completely covered by a palm tree (we were on the second floor). Even to open the door, you had to fight off palm fronds. Most of the balcony rooms (including ours) did not have chairs on the balcony probably because the balconies were too small.I could not sleep very well the first night because the mildew smell in the room was bothering my allergies. When I mentioned it to the manager the next day, he said they had a machine they could put in the room that should help. It worked great! When we returned in the evening, the mildew smell was gone. I wish I would have complained the first day.The reason that we were talking to the manager is because the second morning (and all day) we could not take a shower. The water company told him they were working on a 30-inch main and the problem was all over the French Quarter. However, we talked to several people while we were out and about who did not have problems at their hotels. We did have a little bit of water coming out ...not enough pressure to get to the shower but enough for a sponge bath. The manager did adjust our rate for the second night and sent a bottle of champagne to our room. I believe he did everything he could to try to make a bad situation better.I think my major complaint is about the price (before the adjustment). Our rate was $149 for the balcony room plus 13% tax and a lame $1.00 per night occupany tax. It also cost $24.20 per night to park our car which I consider to be a complete ripoff. For that much money, I expected a lot more.I wish the Hotel St. Marie all the best although I would only stay there again if I could get a much better price.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>Caneriver01
<Content>Great Employees Stayed at Hotel St. Marie Sept. 26 thru Sept. 30 and was well pleased with handicapped accomodations and the hotel's employees. They went above and beyond to be sure we had a great stay!!! Will definately stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MSJJ
<Content>Good Value for Money...a few things to be aware of * Our all-in cost for a suite on Friday and Saturday nights (2 nights) was about $300. This included $250 for the room inclusive of taxes (quoted rate was about $110 a night without taxes) and approx. $45 for two days parking on sight inclusive of taxes. Note that the rate on the suite was obtained at their website and was lower because we prepaid in advance.* I give all the detail to say that this is very reasonable for a suite in the Quarter on a weekend with parking.* The parking is on site and very convenient, although we did have to walk through from the main hotel through the entrance to the parking facility to get to our room. My wife noted that this did not seem all that safe, because someone could easily walk the 150 feet from Toulouse and be in our hallway. Not a big deal to me, but might be to some.* The two suites on the lower floor are nice with very high ceilings. Nothing spectacular, but roomy and clean, which is nice.* Biggest complaint, and it is understandable, was the noise in this room. The window is actually a door, which appears to be permanantly closed, onto Toulouse. You are about 1/2 block from Bourbon in this room and one of the loudest 80's rock bars in the Quarter is on the corner on Bourbon. You have to realize you are near Bourbon when you check into this hotel, thus you also have to realize that if you want peaceful sleep this is probably not the room for it. Loud music to the early hours and drunks on the street after that. We recognized where we were and accepted it, but you need to be aware. I think there are probably many quieter rooms in the hotel, but there will always be partyers in the hotel and you might be next to them. * Service was accomadating and reasonably speedy, even though the hotel seemed a little understaffed (this is common in NO right now and patience is all that is needed).* There will be a glitch here and there, but for the price, I believe you just overlook them and have fun. The couple in front of us at checkout complained about college kids on their floor keeping them up all night and the desk clerk gave them their parking free. YOU ARE 1/2 BLOCK FROM BOURBON. Be aware of that when you book the hotel. There will be some noise and partying going on. If you want quite, stay farther from the action.* Overall, a nice experience and would stay again. This is one of those hotels where you just need to find a room you really like and request it every time. I don't think you will be disappointed with a stay at the St. Marie.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Solfiez
<Content>will definately return I stayed at this hotel August 15th though 20th and found it wonderful. The staff are friendly and always very willing to help out. For the 5 nights I stayed at the St. Marie I did not have one unpleasant experience. Perfect distance from Bourbon. Hillery's is a great little restaurant downstairs off the lobby, and the bartenders down there are fun to shoot the breeze with. Rooms were very clean and room service came everyday. This is a hotel with plenty of New Orleans charm coming from both the people who work there and the building itself . New Orleans is alive and well!! I will definately be returning in the future to visit the city again and will without doubt stay at the St. Marie.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Graveling_Trome
<Content>Valentino Hotel in Frech Quarer Is The Place to be for value and service Indoor valet parking on site allows you to forget about any hassles getting in or out of your Hotel.On site resturant provides better than avarage Cajun, creole and contempoary cusine at fair prices for the location.Courtyard pools offer warm relaxing mellow downs between juants to 1/2 Block away Burbon street and the rest of New Orlean's unique myriad of clubs, watering holes, bistros and music houses.The facilities are CLEAN!, The whole eatablisment has a clean smell to it without seeming to have to resort to any air enhancers, or incense.Rooms are clean, modest but they are spotless and hooked uo to the brim with coffee, soaps and the like. Beds are comfortable and have nice linens.Overall, I've gave it a 4 out of five stars. Next time in the Big Easy there really will be a big n easy decision for us on where to stay.Location, value and ambiance make this the best Hotel value in the area. We will be back soon.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>southsideslim
<Content>great place... great location. this hotel was outstanding... no complaints. very close to bourbon st... everything went as advertised.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Harvickfan
<Content>Great hotel! Stayed at the Hotel St Marie Aug 13th and 14th. It was great! Everything I read about it is true. The staff are very friendly. Room was really clean. And the hotel its self sits about a half block from Bourbon St. I highly recommend this hotel. I cant wait to go back to NOLA. I just wont do it again in Aug. Way to hot!!! I mean melting hot! But it still was a good trip!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>louisdarke
<Content>A nice place to relax and enjoy the Quarter Instead of staying at our usual French Quarter choice of hotels, the Inn on Bourbon, we stayed at the St. Marie.I can say we were very happy with our choice. The room was a Superior King room with balcony, and it was large, clean, and had a nice view of the pool area and courtyard.The staff was very friendly, and always available to offer assistance with a smile. We enjoyed dinner in their restaurant, and enjoyed talking with their bartenders, when we chose to relax and have a drink during the afternoons.Overall, it was a nice experience, and I would return to this hotel in the future.**Regarding the strange red light bulbs, mentioned in some reviews,......they are heat lamps, in the bathroom, and are provided for your comfort. They turn off and on, just like the regular light does. I am not sure why they confused so many people.The French Quarter is alive and well, and people should not hesitate to return for a vacation there.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mystycfyre
<Content>Hotel St. Marie The employees at the Hotel St. Marie were always polite and considerate. They graciously complied with all of my requests. The rooms were extremely clean and spacious. The housekeeping staff were excellent! The bread pudding in the hotel restaurant was EXQUISITE!!!! (as was the rest of the meal) The courtyard was wonderful. Overall I would definately recommend The Hotel St. Marie to anyone travelling to New Orleans.And I look forward to returning in the near future myself.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BR-Bob
<Content>Very Pleased Just attended a meeting at the St. Marie. I was very pleased with this small hotel. Everyone I came into contact with was pleasant and accomodating. The location is super for business and pleasure.I cannot begin to say how much I enjoyed the ambience of this hotel. My room was well furnished and well cared for. I greatly enjoyed the little coffee pot, as I drink a lot of coffee. There is a quaint New Orleans style patio with pool. I was able sit in the paito and work on my laptop (wireless internet). I am planning on going back with my family for a long weekend, perhaps for Labor Day. New Orleans is coming back from Katrina. It still has a long way to go, but the French Quarter is in good shape. Hope everyone will go and help this interesting city recover. If you give the St. Marie a try, I know you will be as pleased as I was. I can truly say I have never enjoyed a hotel as much.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cschultz
<Content>Wonderful! This propery is perfectly located within the French Quarter, in a an area that is walking distance to everything, a block from Bourbon street and yet is quiet during the late hours. (Live bands from down the street can be heard from most places just outside the property in the twilight hours, however.) Check in was easy and the receptionist was friendly and talked to us like we were old friends. Parking is free, in a secured garage and is valet and the building is immaculately clean and comfortable. The bed was soft and our room had lots of character--certainly not a standard, generic cookie cut out a hyatt-is-a-sheraton-is-a-marriott room like any of the big chain hotels. This is a little, distinctly individual boutique hotel that has all the charm and uniqueness of the local culture, and the low price we paid for it is almost criminal! I wish we could have gotten a superior room with a balcony, but as we only stayed one night there for a stopover on our way elsewhere and were on a budget, we got a standard room. Our room had no windows, but just four steps outside the door to our room was a lush, semi-private courtyard that more than made up for the lack of windows. My boyfriend and I hope to return for a much longer stay sometime soon, and will happily splurge the extra $10 a night for a room with a balcony. I was only here one night but I fell in love with this place!! Not a 5 star luxury, but more cozy and interesting than any well known brand hotel and way nicer than what one could normally expect to get for the price paid. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Borojasen
<Content>Just Great This hotel was very nice, very quiet and clean. The hotel is perfectly located to all the attractions of the French Quarter. All of the staff from the moment I arrived was very nice and friendly, from the valet, to the desk personnel, to the housekeeping staff to the bartender. I was very impressed with the hotel and level of service. I was happy to find out the pool is sanitized with something other than chlorine. I had many apprehensions traveling to the French Quarter for my first time on vacation after the hurricane. I certainly intend to go back soon  
<Date>Jul 29, 2006
<Rating>5	3	3	4	4	4	5	5	

<Author>rcajimbeam
<Content>The quiet jewel in the quarter Was apprehensive about staying in the French Quarter with the sounds of a party echoing from Bourbon Street. But found this small hotel, only 1/2 block off of Bourbon, to be a quiet jewel. With a good hotels amenities and a friendly and helpful staff, I found myself able to complete my buisness and enjoy some of the nightlife made famous by Bourbon Street. I highly recommend the Hotel Saint Marie for buisness or pleasure.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Longsrx
<Content>Great Birthday We stayed at the hotel for a long birthday weekend - what a great place- we arrived at the hotel at 9:30 a.m. and they were so kind they let us check in at that time. The desk personel are wonderful, helpful and so nice. We walked everyplace, it is a great location, close to Bourbon St. but just far enough that you don't hear music all night. We highly reconnemnd the Hotel St. Marie.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Exceptional Hotel--Wonderful Stay My husband and I stayed at the Hotel St. Marie for a week end and had a great stay. The staff treated us as if we were the only people int he hotel. The maid who made up our room noticed that I use extra towels and replaced them without me having to ask for more again. The parking guy was pleasant and gave us good directions. Everyone went out of their way to make us feel welcome. The ladies at the desk were always willing to give directions and helped us find great places to eat and helped me find the perfect gifts to bring home.The hotel was CLEAN. The patio is SO NEW ORLEANS, with a small pool and fountian. We had a room with a balcony that looked out over the roofs of the French Quarter, how romatic can you get! This location can not be beat. Just a little ways off of Burbon Street. We had a wonderful week end of dining and music all within walking distance of our room. We have been to New Orleans before but never stayed in the French Quarter before. We loved it!! We will never stay outside of the French Quarter again.Our room was pretty standard, could use a larger TV but no one watches television in New Orleans anyway. I would have like to have had room safe, which I have become accustomed to in my travels, but there were little safes available at the desk. That is all that I can say I would change. Otherwise, everything was perfect.If you go to New Orleans, stay at the St. Marie, you will not be disapointed. This is an exceptional hotel with an exceptional staff.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Class  Girlfriend Get Away - We stayed at Hotel St. Marie June 3 - June 8. The hotel was just fabulous. Our check in was fast  the front desk agent was friendly  offered suggestions where we could find a late dinner. Most of the staff seemed to be working overtime but they always offered a smile and a friendly hello. The bartender in the lounge remembered our names  gave excellent suggestions on where the mature crowd could find good music and entertainment without having to deal with the heavily intoxicated street crowd. When we missed our train and had to come back to the hotel for another day and night they got us into a room immediately. We enjoyed a late dinner at the restaurant that was the best we experienced in NOLA (try the shrimp  crab chowder ooo la la!) The hotel is in an excellent location -- out of the main traffic but close enough to everything so that you can experience NOLA at its best. The bathrooms are spacious and very clean and the housekeeping service is excellent.There is so much more I could say about this fabulous hotel but suffice to say that we will be returning there in a couple of weeks for more fun  frolick.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very good hotel - Exceptional Staff Stayed at the Hotel St. Marie for 5 nights June 22-27. I was completely satisfied with the experience. Hotel property and room was in very good shape. This is a small hotel, but well run. Had a Superior Room with balcony overlooking courtyard. Even though hotel is only up street from Bourbon Street - could not hear the nightlife at all, so sleep was undisturbed.Hotel staff was exceptional - friendly, professional, and doing a great job.Also think the hotels telecommunications package was just great - $4.95/day for phone and internet (wired lan). Price was perfect (I think $10.00 that many chain hotels charge is just too much).So, I highly recommend this hotel for your New Orleans stay!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel St Marie I just spent a week at the Hotel St Marie in New Orleans. The room was very comfortable and quiet. The hotel staff was wonderful, treating us more like friends and family than mere guests. The restaurant, HIllary's, on the first floor was the best dinner we had all week. The food was delicious and the service outstanding. The bistro was also great for breakfast. We tried every breakfast on the menu and found them all first rate. The hotel is located on Toulouse St between Bourbon and Dauphine, making it perfect for enjoying the French Quarter. We were able to walk everywhere we wanted to go with ease. I would most definitely recommend this hotel and restaurant!!!!!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Caribbeanfanatic
<Content>What an Oasis! We just spent a week enjoying New Orleans and this hotel was a very positive part of that experience. We have stayed in quite a few places in the French Quarter over the years and this has now become our favorite. Our room was clean and quiet and everyone working there was great. We had wonderful breakfasts, great drinks in the bar and our favorite dinner all week was at Hillary's. The rates are really incredible right now too. Can't wait for our next escape there!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mike's review I stayed at the Hotel Marie two months after Hurricane Katrina. I was really shock to see that although the City was hit hard by the storm and suffer severe loses, the hospitality and service we received was astounding with the limited resources and of course lack of employees to provide the proper services. On my returned trip back to the area I will most definitely choose the Hotel Marie.From the hotel front desk to the car valet service was exceptionally good.In this review I can't forget about the restaurant Hillery's that is part of the Hotel services.Hillery's served some of New Orleans special dishes for dinner and gave us the superb services. I can go on and on about the services, however I will follow on a later date because after six months of living at the hotel, I am still living here and have four months to go. I will keep you posted.Thanks for giving the opportunity to write this small review on the Hotel Marie.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Stay Ever in N'Awlins We are in New Orleans often for fun and business. We had our best stay ever at the St. Marie. We have been hunting a place to be regulars at and I think we have found it. Had a nice room overlooking the courtyard. The flowers were lovely. The staff was warm and fiendly and very very helpful. The hotel is just one half block from Bourbon Street, but once inside her doors we were in a haven of peace and quiet. The hotel is small (only about 100 rooms), but has everything we needed. We will recommend it to everyone we know.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dallastar02
<Content>Our new NOLA hotel I cannot say anything bad about this hotel. We had not been back to NOLA since Katrina and decided to book a last minute Memorial Day weekend trip. The summer rates had just kicked in so we got a great deal. We normally visit in March or November and usually pay double. The hotel is right in the middle of the Quarter. Great so that if you needed to pop by the room real quick it was no big deal. This is the 1st boutique type hotel we have stayed at in NOLA. We normally do the chain places. Never again! We got the King Superior room with exterior balcony. Somehow we got hooked up with one of the big balconies and LOVED it. It was a little noisy at night due to it being so close to Bourbon. There is a little store a couple doors down that was very convenient. Room was very clean and spacious. Staff was very friendly and helpful. Give St Marie a try .. you won't be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ManyPurrl
<Content>Be sure to stay at the St. Marie I visited New Orleans from June 3 to June 6, and I chose the St Marie because of a good experience two years ago. I had heard that most hotels in NOLA were short-staffed, and I expected some compromise of service due to this fact. I was wrong. Although all of the staff I encountered were doing double duty, all were friendly and helpful. I requested extra towels, and did not have to repeat the request thru our stay. The front desk offered directions and suggestions for meals. But most notable was the valet-he was obviously busy, but still helped with the luggage as well and was patient and friendly. The location of the St. Marie is perfect, right off of Bourbon street and well lit for coming in at night. Our room was clean and had plenty of room for four. I don't think you could find a better hotel to stay in for a visit to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great service! The hotel is a bit older and the rooms were just average, but the location was perfect for guests looking to be in the heart of the French Quarter (it's just one block off Bourbon), but far enough from the noise and action that it didn't impact our sleeping.The best part of all was that the hotel staff was exceptional. They provided wonderful customer service, even providing one of my friends a guest room to pump (breast milk) after we had checked out for the day.We had the do not distub sign on the door, and they didn't enter the room but left fresh towels by the door each day. That was a nice touch. It was also nice that they provided towels by the pool without having to worry about taking your own towels. The pool and surrounding courtyard area was fairly small, but the hotel itself is small. So, think more quaint than big and noisy.I'd definitely recommend staying there again because it was an enjoyable trip, good accommodations and wonderful staff.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel with a great Quarter location We booked the Hotel St. Marie for a law school graduation celebration and had a wonderful time. We had three rooms with inside balconies overlooking the pool area. The rooms were huge by Quarter standards and the staff were overly friendly and very helpful.The location could not be better---1/2 block off of Bourbon but none of the noise. We have stayed in the Quarter often but this was our first time at the Hotel St. Marie. We will definitely book again. Great value for the price.Fantastic summer rates have now kicked in. Book a trip and help re-jazz New Orleans. We enjoyed this small hotel immensely. Let the good times roll again!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Crap experience, unfortunately First of all, its our bad, we wanted cheap...we got it! This hotel looks like at one time it was quite nice. And were trying to give it a break due to Katrina recovery, but we checked in (to a very dark room) and immediately see roaches in the bathroom, which we had to call down to have them come up and clean (and it looked like somebody just urinated all over the toilet rim) but, the phone was broken, so we couldnt! They were accomodating to most requests but, still...roaches and unclean toilet? After 5 days there, they still hadn't fixed the phone.Be prepared for noisy as hell if you stay here. Thin walls and people up all night partying in the pool (supposed to be closed at 10pm) We know its the FQ and people are there to party, but we couldnt sleep and the staff would do nothing about the noise. Plus the balcony which we upgraded for could barely fit two people and a chair. On the third day, room service decided to come at 8:00am and after having to yell to keep them from barging in, they never came back to clean so we had to beg for clean sheets and make up our own room later that night.The staff was not unfriendly but due to all the above, it was a negative experience.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>tiffeecanoe
<Content>Nice Location, Reasonable Price, Awesome staff, but...       Our Room...  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A very nice hotel       The courtyard tables (pool at far end)  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful hotel Great location! The hotel staff was wonderful,polite,helpful. The elevator was being repaired but they offered to get someone to help with our bagage. It is a quaint hotel, typical of New Orleans. The garden was beautiful, as well as the views. The room was clean, more like a master bedroom than a hotel room. We really enjoyed our stay at this hotel!  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chicago75
<Content>So So Stayed at the Hotel St. Marie during Jazz Fest. The hotel is in a great location - about half a block from Bourbon St. The staff are friendly and helpful with things like directions, restaurant recommendations, and obtaining cabs. The downsides were few, but important enough to mention. We had a room with two double beds. It smelled musty and damp. The smell lingered the entire time we were there, but did diminish some after two days. The bathroom door was slatted, so if you like privacy in the bathroom, forget it. The courtyard with the pool is quaint but extremely small. For extra $$, you can get rooms with a balcony and couryard view. However, the balconies barely hold two people and the distance between one side of the courtyard and the other is probably only 30 or 40 feet. Also, as other reviewers have noted, the walls are thin and you can hear people in the rooms next to you and in the hall very clearly.  
<Date>May 10, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The place to stay in the French Quarter I came to New Orleans in November to work on a recovery project. At that time there were a few shops and restruants open for business. The folks here took excellent care to make our stay so pleasent, you will find the staff here so warm and friendly. They are always willing to assist you in meeting your needs during your stay. The rooms are comfortable and well maintained.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>reet65
<Content>great staff Spent the weekend of March 25 to March 27. First let me say that their staff is excellent. This is a lovely hotel one block away from Bourbon street. our 4 th floor room had a small balcony overlooking Toulouse st. The only problem with that is the hotel across the street had a very loud something ( sounded like a garbage compactor) running 24 hrs a day. Next time I would ask for an inner courtyard balcony room. The courtyard is very pretty with a pool and many plants. The positives:We got a fantastic rate ( my boyfriend booked thru orbitz)the room was large ( it was a corner room) nicely furnished and clean. The bathroom with separate dressing area was a bonus for us because it takes me forever to dry my hair. the balcony with wrought iron railing was pretty but small, could have used a small table and chairs. the parking was only $20 / day with in/out priveledges and agin the staff here was courteous and professional. the restaurant was very nice the food was ok ( we only had breakfast and their menu is limited as they have just reopened, we have been told by others that the food for dinner and lunch is very good) , with the exception of the pecan pie which a local told us about. That was out of this world. internet daily rate in the room was only 4.95 The not so positivesthe water pressure was not great ( although I doubt much can be done about it - it wasn't bad, but I like a really strong shower. My boyfriend thought it was fine, but he likes those rain type shower heads ) there is a slightly musty smell that we noticed all over the city which probably has to do with all the flooding that went on. I wouldn't call it mildew and it didn't set my allergies off but I don't remember it last time we visited 3 years ago. The beds were just Ok but not super comfortable. i like those pillow top plush beds, but if you like a medium mattress then it is fine. Over all I would stay here again gladly and reccomend it to any one looking for a nice French Quarter hotel. The city needs tourism to get back on its feet, so we felt good doing our part. The city is much quieter than I remember and some of the restaurants haven't reopened, some are limited hours etc.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A nice surprise.       view of balcony from inside room  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Wonderful! My brother and I came home to New Orleans to look at our mother's home in Lakeview. We were hunting a place to stay when we saw the banner on the balcony of the St. Marie. Were we ever pleasantly suprised! We found a warm and inviting hotel with a pleasant and accomodating staff. All this in a city that is in recovery mode. Our family home was destroyed but we found a new home away from home. Thank you Hotel St. Marie.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Perfect! This hotel has it all... great location, great price, great staff, and nice clean rooms...nothing fancy but clean and great for the price. Also the staff goes over and above to make sure you have a good stay. When we arrived our room door was jammed and we couldn't get in, so we told the staff and they said they would fix it for us and in the meantime we could have drinks in the bar on them. The Door was fixed in 15 minutes but we were told we could continue drinking on them for as long as we liked. It was a great way to start our vacation. I just hope everyone was able to get out before Katrina hit.... we felt so lucky to have been able to see New Orleans before that catastrophe but its hard now to not think about all the people we met in that city that were so nice to us, including the staff of this great little hotel.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sunne
<Content>Great Hotel This was our second stay with the Hotel St. Marie, The Hotel staff is friendly, clean rooms, great service, and great location too. We will stay again next year at this wonderful little place. Great job guys!!! Thanks again for a great 6 night stay in NOLA !!  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DrgnsDream
<Content>Awesome My Mother and I visited The St. Marie and were treated as family. It was a wonderful expierence. We became close with the staff and miss them all dearly. I can not ever begin to Imagin ever staying any where else BUT there, My finacee and I plan to Spend Our Honeymoon there. THANK YOU so much for the wonderful treatment and service!! I can not begin to give enough stars!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location and Clean I saw the reviews on tripadvisor.com and it was hard to make a choice in New Orleans. The French Quarter hotels all seemed to have mixed reviews. Finally I just leaped and booked the Hotel St. Marie on Toulouse St for one night. We stayed there on a Friday night. It is about 30 steps north of Bourbon St but quiet because 99 percent of tourists do not go north of Bourbon St. The rooms were clean, well appointed and again, ours was quiet. The staff was courteous from the initial contact with the parking valet to the front desk. The rate was only $89 which I could not believe. I kept thinking I must be getting a pretty cheap room which will be dirty, or something wrong with it but it was TERRIFIC in every way. We are quiet and picked this locale just to be in the French Quarter and it's history. I would NOT clasify it as a budget hotel. It was full service and after spending $200 a night at La Mansion in San Antonio Riverwalk the night before, like I said, I felt like the room was REALLY inexpensive for what you got. We favor nice hotels and this one was not a disappointment. . It is within a couple blocks of everything. We walked to Cafe Du Monde, Jackson Square, St. Louis Church, the Mississippi River, Bourbon St, etc. Parking was $20 per car with unlimited ins and outs. They checked us out at 10 a.m. with no wait for the car or the bellman to get our luggage. In short. It was a GREAT stay. I would definitely recommend this place and would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>coconut3
<Content>great place! Just returned from a week at the St. Marie. Great hotel for the price and location. John and Zach at the desk were great! Troy at the hotel bar is lots of fun, ask him to make you a scurricane, his version of the hurricane, great and not too sweet! The staff was always helpful with suggestions and getting a cab. There were a couple of down points. We arrived early 11:30am and knew our room would not be ready, no big deal, they said they would call us if it was ready before 4pm, the check in time. Came back to the hotel at 4pm and the room still was not ready. They got us a drink at the bar but we didn't get into our room until 5pm. If you need a wake up call check to make sure your phone works. We only used this service twice and it didn't work either time, we set the room alarm clock as a back up. Lastly, they really push the package city tours if you ask for advice. Our group doesn't like the whole see the city (french quarter, St Louis #1, garden disrict) in 2 hours approach and we were asking for their opinion on one particular tour, we were told (by someone other than John or Zach) we were wasting our money on these seperate tours. Their recommended tour 2 1/2 hrs, $45 plus, all 3 things. Our plan, Park ranger tour, french quarter, 2 hrs, free; St Louis #1 plus Armstrong park, 2 hrs, $15, Garden district, 2 1/2 hrs, $15 with a portion of the proceeds for the last 2 going to Save Our Cemetaries.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Above and Beyond       The Hotel St. Marie  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Quiet Sanctuary Just Off Bourbon St.       Bedroom proper for Room 602  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best Place To Stay In New Orleans!! We visited New Orleans for the first time this past June and could not have picked a better place to stay than the Hotel St. Marie! The location was fabulous (half a block off Burbon St.) and the staff was absolutley amazing. Many thanks to Tasha who answered any questions we had and recommended fun places to eat and visit in the French Quarter. I highly recommend the Hotel St. Marie and guarantee you will not be disappointed. I would not stay anywhere else!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Tosha Rocks!!! We've vsited the French Quarter several times in the 4 years my boyfriend  I have been together. Last time we stayed at the Prince Conti (nice) and before that the Place d'Armes (Cool)...but we wanted to move around and get another vantage point. The Hotel St. Marie offered that and MORE...much more. The staff is wonderful...the rooms charming, and the location is perfect! Tosha took amazing care of us. And Zack is cool, too.If you can't handle quirky, you don't need to be going to the Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hurricane Dennis Weekend in New Orleans -- Loved It!!! Don't be scared off by some of those not so nice hotel reviews, I read some of the same kinds of complaints for pricier hotels in the Quarter. You can't please everyone. We just returned last night from an absolutely wonderful time in the French Quarter. We arrived at the hotel Friday, 7/8 in the afternoon and checked in with Geri and Zach, who were very very courteous, helpful and entertaining. When I mentioned we were there to celebrate my husband's birthday Zach said he would send something special up to our room when it was ready. Right after the bellman brought up our bags another bellman followed carrying an ice bucket with a bottle of champagne along with a birthday card from the STAFF. Very thoughtful. We saw Geri and Zach all weekend as some of the staff got scared off by the threat of the Hurricane, but you would have never noticed that the place wasn't fully staffed. Our room was a balcony room (218). Spacious, clean and much better than I was expecting. We had booked a superior double room w/balcony and got upgraded to a king bed room with balcony on the street side. The hotel is just a few steps away from restaurants, bars and shopping (but far enough away from the noise of Bourbon St.)We took a 1/2 ($12 pp) hour carriage ride that was interesting. We went to Cafe Du Monde for their famous beignets and went to the French Market (its there version of a flea market). Geri recommended a City/Cemetary tour which was 3 hours long and gave a good feel of what the city was like in its time. We toured all the homes in the garden district (Payton  Eli Manning's parents live here in a beautiful home which we saw). We saw the universities, then over to the Lake Pontatrain (spelling?), saw the flood gates and boat houses, then over to Cemetary #3 (forgot its name) but famous people are buried there (like Louis Prima, the Ruth Chris Steakhouse lady and a bunch of others. The cemetaries have their own interesting history!We ate at the Court of Two Sisters which is near the hotel and its beautiful inside and the food was excellent. We also ate at the Red Fish Grill on Bourbon St. and that too was great. We just also had to try Bubba Gump's (sure its a chain but the food was still great). The server (who usually is the bartender was serving since most people evacuated for the weekend) was a lot of fun. he said he has lived in the Quarter his whole life and even owns a home there, so he had some interesting tidbits to share.Even though the impending storm put a damper on some of the sightseeing I would have liked to do, it only made the bar hopping that more entertaining. Every bar was having hurricane parties and specials. The talent that was playing in the Red Rhino all weekend was superb, the acts in The Old Opera House were amazing, the crowd in Razoo's was unbelieveable (didn't all these people hear there may be a hurricane heading this way) and the jazz lounge acts made you really appreciate the era it came from. Wonderful talent all over the Quarter. No trip to New Orleans is complete without a trip to Pat O'Brien's for their famouse Hurricane Drink! We had several!Of course you have to be careful of where you are walking at night, but we never felt uncomfortable as long as we stayed on the well lit streets and stayed where all the people were. So much fun to be had everywhere. We also went to the Harrah's Casino. I can't say I saw anyone hitting big on the slots (I recouped $50 on one slot and then walked over and played Roulette the rest of the time and walked away ahead -- so I had fun!)Well, all in all we had a wonderful time. Hurricane Dennis DID NOT come any where near this wonderful place and everyone can go home with their own Hurricane Party stories!We are definitely going back, and most definitely staying at the Hotel St. Marie. Maybe we got lucky but we don't have one complaint. Its location can't be beat, the price is reasonable for what you get. Thank you to everyone at the hotel who made our stay so pleasant.O yea! The weather was great all weekend, except for alittle wind and misty rain once in a while, we have no complaints there. It was hot but we were in the South! The Weather Channel made it look like we had thunder storms every day...we never saw one!Everyone should experience New Orleans at least once! But then again 2 or 3 times wouldn't hurt! Loved the place.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience! I took a group of 11 American history teachers and their spouses to New Orleans recently for a working vacation. We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie, just a block off Bourbon Street and centrally located near most of the sites we visited. The staff did an excellent job of making us feel at home and providing us with a place to meet and eat each morning. The hotel rooms and other facilities were wonderful. All that went on the trip said they wouldn't hesitate to return to the Hotel St. Marie again. A Great Experience!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sovietdiscount
<Content>Good overall, but has its quirks... Hotel St Marie is well situated in the French Quarter and pleasant enough, but a few things threw me off. Firstly, our room smelled moldy (Room 400) to the point that we had to buy candles to try to get rid of the smell. Then one morning we forgot to put out our Do not Disturb sign and the cleaning lady would not go away after we told her we did not want cleaning service. She just kept knocking and then made us sign a cleaning waiver for the day which she slipped under the door. We signed it so she would go away, but then no one cleaned our room when we put the service sign out later on! Then there was a really cheesey and loud wedding in the courtyard on a Saturday which was a bit annoying since the weekend rates are higher but we couldn't have our pool access.Also, only a few of the balconies are a decent enough size for two chairs to fit. Ours was just a slab of concrete which overlooked many large ladies in bikinis.Otherwise, the staff was really helpful and everyone else seemed perfectly happy. Maybe it was just me! I did find myself looking at other hotels and wishing I had done a bit more research!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Birthday Experience I visited New Orleans for the first time on May 25, 2005. When my friend and I checked into the Hotel St. Marie, I mentioned that it was my birthday that day. Tasha at the front desk was very helpful and made us feel right at home! When they brought our bags up to the room, they also brought a bottle of champagne with a card that said Happy Birthday. For someone who loves to celebrate special occasions, this meant a lot to me! Shelita and the rest of the front desk staff were exceptional!!! We also had dinner in the hotel restaurant that night and they ended my birthday on a great note. We were the only table in the restaurant and they gave us their undivided attention. I believe their names were Jerry and Melissa and they went as far as to bring my dessert out with a candle in it. I look forward to returning to New Orleans very soon. It goes without saying that when I do return, I will be staying at the Hotel St. Marie!!!! Thank you for such a wonderful birthday experience!!!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just what I wanted I just returned from four days in New Orleans. I chose this hotel based on reviews in tripadvisor and was very pleased. It is ideally situated in the French Quarter. My room was large, well furnished and very clean. The staff was friendly, courteous, efficient and always ready to serve. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cobalt1970
<Content>Outstanding Hotel in its class! My wife and I stayed at the Hotel St. Marie from May 23 to May 28. We came to N.O. on a Mini-Honeymoon and I have to say we were more than pleased with this hotel and its staff. In fact, I was downright elated.We made our reservations in March and got a rate of $69 per night (increasing to $159 on Friday). we were a bit skeptical because of the low price, but I'd say 90 percent of the reviews on TripAdvisor were good and the location in the quarter was great (you could throw a stone to Bourbon St.), so we decided to take the chance. I knew we weren't in for anything luxurious, but I expected it to be clean and comfortable with functional amenities.Two days before our trip I called the St. Marie to confirm the reservation and told them we would be on our honeymoon. I knew our rate didn't guarantee a balcony, but based on TripAdvisor reviews I requested a room with windows that open. (Many rooms on the fifth floor have sealed windows). The clerk was nice and said she would do her best.When we arrived we found out that we had been upgraded to a suite! It was an awesome surprise, considering our low rate. The suite was not in the main hotel, but in an adjoining structure that dates to the 1830s. Again, it wasn't luxurious as suites normally go, but the room was very big with a kitchen, full sized fridge, a breakfast nook, microwave and glasses, plates and silverware. As a result, we were able to take home all of our leftovers from the great restaurants and eat them at 3 a.m.! It was awesome. (See my trip report for details on dining and tours).We also had a queen-sized, four-poster bed, a walk in closet and a balcony overlooking the courtyard. Our entrance was private, so it was very quiet. The tub and tile in the bathroom were very clean, as was the carpet. We had no problems going barefoot.Sure, a little bit of the wallpaper in the bathroom was peeling, the tops of the nightstands were scraped and needed refinishing, the television was small and the armoir had seen better days, but everything worked, everything was clean and we had plenty of space and amenities.The only real complaint we had was the fridge motor got a bit noisy randomly in the middle of the night.Also, we found the hotel staff to be quite pleasant, and in fact quite informative and humorous. The courtyard in the main hotel was not large, but provided a nice place to relax after a long day of walking. We didn't try the pool, although it didn't look quite as dingy as had been described in other reviews.We also didn't try either of their restaurants, Hillery's or Bistro Moise, not because they didn't look good, but because we already had our dining places mapped out. We will definitely try them on our next trip.I know we got a bit lucky during our first stay at the St. Marie, but we also got to take a peek at their standard and deluxe rooms, which looked just as clean and comfortable. The bottom line is, there are certainly more luxurious places to stay in the quarter, but if you're on a budget like we were, I guarantee you will be pleased with the St. Marie. In fact, I would say you might even have a better time at the St. Marie than some of the more expensive hotels in the Quarter which can be impersonal and annoying. The St. Marie is very pleasant with a wonderful atmosphere of classic New Orleans.We won't be staying anywhere else, unless we decide to splurge on the Omni Royal.My hat is off to the Valentino New Orleans Hotel Group, which owns the property. Thank you for a pleasant and memorable stay!  
<Date>Jun 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just give me the French Quarter! The St Marie was alovely hotel, with big rooms. It is one half block from Bourbon St. on Toulouse st. A great location . We found the best laid back restaurant on the northwest corner of toulouse and Decauter. The food was great and very well priced. The two dollar and fifty cent salad was incredible, as was the sandwich my husband got. The waitress at the bar was a hoot. We went back three times. It does get really busy so avoid the lunch and dinner crowd. The best oysters we found was at Felix's on Bourbon street, just don't ask to watch  American Idol. It was a fun place and the prices were good. An all day bus and streetcar pass was $5.00. We got ours at the park on Toulouse and Decauter. It is a great way to get around on those busy streets.We went to the cemeteries, garden district. Magazine Street, as well as a Mall. They come all the time so you don't have to wait very long.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Let the Good Times Roll at the Hotel St. Marie! We just returned from spending four nights at the Hotel St. Marie. We traveled with four couples and the Hotel St. Marie is in a great location - one block from Bourban Street! There is a small mini-market next to the hotel that sells everything from wine to snacks. We had rooms with wrought iron balconies that overlooked the beautiful courtyard and pool. After long days of sightseeing, we sat in the courtyard area at night and had a few bottles of wine. Very relaxing! The hotel staff was marvelous! They answered all of our questions and recommended sightseeing tours and restaurants. Based on their recommendation, we went to Petunia's restaurant (just around the corner) and the food was spectacular. The hotel is just a few steps away from great restaurants, bars and shopping.We took a one hour carriage ride for eight that was fantastic. Tamara gave us a tour of the city and the cemetary. On our own, we went to Cafe Du Monde for their famous beignets and went to the French Market. We took a riverboat jazz dinner cruise and we had a great time. The buffet was delicious and the lights of the city at night were spectacular. This hotel is a little gem in the big city of New Orleans!  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hq014
<Content>First Time In New Orleans My Wife  I stayed here from 25th May for 4 nights  found the hotel excellent, the staff friendly  helpful, the location ideal.We would definately stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Oh Yuck The pictures that are listed on the Hotel St. Marie's website tell a very different tale than what is actually going on at this mediocre hotel. The staff was not friendly, and although we booked our stay months in advance, we were given a room right next to the garage. The smell of gas and fumes was enough to upset us the first day-until we learned that the only other room was on a smoking floor! (We chose cigarette smoke over gasoline fumes.) I had to go downstairs every time I needed a towel and the ice machine was broken. The stay could have still inspired fond memories if the staff had been at least a little nice. Not a good place to stay.  
<Date>May 21, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PaulDallas_Texas
<Content>A Good Hotel, Overall I just spent a weekend at the Hotel St. Marie and found it to be a good choice overall. Its location in the middle of the French Quarter is terrific, though the noise from the bars on Bourbon Street may be heard from those rooms on that side of the hotel.My only quibble would be that my room on the third floor was pretty dim even with the curtains open and all the lights turned on. Otherwise, it was generally clean, nice and a good value for the price.  
<Date>May 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>linda789
<Content>Wonderful Hotel I stayed here for 5 nights last week and have no complaints at all. The hotel was beautiful, a little bit shabby but that just added to the charm. Although it is only half a block from Bourbon Street, once I was in my room, I couldn't hear a thing. The hotel restaurant, Hillarys, is wonderful and the staff very attentive, not to mention how good the food is. In fact, I found all the hotel staff to be pleasant, friendly and helpful. Had a fantastic time in New Orleans and as a single female travelling alone, I also felt very safe. Nearly forgot, the courtyard/garden is very pretty and smelt wonderful with all the plants. Would recommend this hotel in a heartbeat.  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sherlockzz
<Content>Honeymoon stay I would stay here again in a heartbeat. This is an old building with many layers of paint, odd hallways and a slow elevator. That's about the worst thing that can be said, and that's not too bad. It's very charming. From a location/price/value point of view, it has to be the best deal in N.O. It's greatest strength is its staff who are friendly and professional and customer oriented. They were all great. One got the impression they were not just there for the job but that it was a good place to work and that spilled over into the smiling, eager service. They took great pride in making sure you were satisfied. The service in the attached bar and restaraunts was also top knotch. The food was pretty good too. The t.v. channel selection was basic but who cares. There is only one ice machine and that's down by the lobby so a third floor thirst is quite a trek. You're literally steps away from Bourbon Street but there is a real quiet feel to the hotel itself. We had a balcony that we never used. Never hit the pool either. When management found out we had just been married, they sent up a bottle of bubbly, gratis. The room was spotless and roomy. The bed was comfortable and the linens were clean. Everything else in the quarter had gotten so expensive. It seems a Po Boy averages around $10. What's up with that??? They need to rename it.It's getting harder to find good jazz and blues. It seems that the quarter has gone MTV and instead of opening the windows and letting the tasty tunes flow out, now they got boom boxes blaring rap and rock into the street. Maybe I'm getting old but it seemed better ten years ago. On the other hand, the aquarium, Imax and zoo package deal was a great bargain.  
<Date>May 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>1caroline
<Content>Would stay here again I found this to be a lovely old hotel with a distinctive European feeling. Great F.Q. location at Toulouse and Bourbon, yet not noisy from Bourbon St, quiet hotel guests, charming, clean but fraying room, lovely courtyard with a small pool. Tasty breakfast at the hotel's restaurant. You'll have your usual daily parking fee of about $25 (typical for F.Q. hotels). I recently stayed at the Iberville Suites in the Quarter and liked that a bit better for approximately the same price, but I would definitely stay at Hotel St Marie again.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Wacotravelers
<Content>This has to be a best kept secret Stayed at the St Marie from April 8 thru April 11, 2005. Accommodations were clean and comfortable. Room was spacious and overlooked the courtyard. The staff was friendly, efficient and helpful. Located 1/2 block off Bourban Street and 3 blocks from Jackson Square, it's close enough to the fun and far enough away from the smells and noise when you're through for the day.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MacTravelers
<Content>Great Spring Break Vacation       Great room for a family vacation  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>skpeters1
<Content>Loved it! My sister-in-law and I stayed at this hotel April 7-10. The front desk personnel were great. I checked in prior to 3 pm with no problem. The staff offered assistance regarding things to do, places to eat and directions to other establishments. The room was large with a balcony overlooking the courtyard. The room was very clean and it also had the cleanest bathroom I've ever had in New Orleans. I wasn't afraid to walk barefoot on the carpet which is alway a big PLUS with me! I would definitely stay here again. I have no complaints other than Bob from Delaware (Jeepers, you're loud!)  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>stillwigirl
<Content>This is place is the best! This is the second time I have stayed at the Hotel St. Marie and I just love the place. Clean, friendly staff and you cannot beat the location- around the corner from Bourbon Street. My family and I stayed during the French Quarter Festival (which is awesome as well) and we booked way in advance. The hotel does a great job having you pay in advance and sending out reminders about your upcoming stay. We stayed in rooms 310 and 319. Both with double beds. Room 310 was slightly bigger for some reason- but both great accomodations!!! And though it may not have been warm enough quite yet to use the pool- it still looked wonderful and inviting and the courtayrd is so beautiful and a great place to meet in the morning before exploring the French Quarter. And I recommend eating at Hillary's right in the hotel- we had breakfast there twice- no wait and good food in an open-aired restaurant. Nice, relaxing and very friendly waitstaff. The hotel prices may be slighlty more than the other hotels in the Quarter- but I beleive you pay want you get and if safety, location, friendliness and clean is what your looking for then its worth every penny!!!! Way to go Hotel St. Marie!!!!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Faded lady The Hotel St. Marie is in a great location and the price we paid was very good. However, the hotel is more of a faded lady rather than a grand dame. The room we had was quite large, but the wallpaper was fading and peeling in several places and the carpet was coming up and frayed. The same could be said for the hallways. We were subjected to two of the rudest front desk staff that we have ever not had the pleasure of dealing with. When we arrived, we were told that check in begins at 4:00 which meant that we would be allowed into our room at any time within the next hour or two! However, you had to sign several times indicating that you were aware of checkout at 11:00 under threat of an extra night's charge. While we were trying to check in one person was trying to change rooms and another hotels. The front desk person told the hotel changer that the hotel she wanted to go to had critters. It was across the street! What does that say about professionalism? However, once we were checked in, and away from the two front desk staff, our stay was pleasant and we would probably stay there again as long as we had a room facing the courtyard.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jon-Eric
<Content>Four and a half stars Just returned from a stay at the St. Marie last week and overall it was just fine. I had a balconey room that was very large, very clean, bathroom was fine and certainly large enough. Staff was amiable and helpful with suggestions and booking tours. Noise was never an issue and the bed was comfortable. The only minor thing was I couldn't adjust the flow on the shower head, but they fixed that and believe me it was no big deal. I would certainly stay here again and would recommend it highly, especially if you prefer larger rooms. Unfortunately I didn't try their restaraunt, Hillarys, but I did eat breakfast a few times in their Bistro and that was nice and very convenient since it opens at 7:00am. I enjoyed some wonderful meals at Peristyle, always a favorite. Dickie Brennans Steakhouse was wonderful too and the service was impeccable and if you're looking for very large shrimp at VERY reasonable prices try the casual Deanies Seafood on Iberville. I know some people will disagree with this, but I really enjoy the Jazz Brunch at the Court of Two Sisters. It also helped that the weather was absolutely gorgeous the whole time I was there which made the Court of Two Sisters more appealing to sit outside.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very charming, small hotel Hotel St. Marie in New Orleans, LAAlong with four of our friends, we recently stayed at the St. Marie Hotel for several days following our cruise. My husband and I had been there about eight years ago and remembered how charming it was, so chose it again for our friends.The location is so great that we were able to enjoy the fun of Bourbon Street without being disturbed by undo noise. Our rooms shared the large balcony overlooking the courtyard. It was a great place for the six of us to meet before dinner, as well as have breakfast. The rooms were lovely and rate reasonable.To top it off, the staff was exceptional, very friendly, courteous and helpful. Jerry and John at the reception desk were outstanding.We are happy to recommend this hotel to all our friends and look forward to staying at the St. Marie again.Sincerely, Ted and Helen  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBfromPhilly
<Content>Great Hotel 4 of us, my 25 yr old brother, 84 yr old granny, my wife and I (in our early 30's) stayed here for 4 nights in December(4-8th). The hotel is in a perfect location, 1/2 block off of Bourbon St. Very close to the action and noise and fun but we could still sleep at night. There are numerous bars, shops and restaurants within walking distance (even for granny), and the French Market/Riverfront area is about 4 blocks away. There is plenty to do while you are here, if you can't find something then there is something wrong with you. Our room was very clean and a good size and everything worked properly. The staff was great (we had an incedent with my brother, too much booze and messy sheets at around midnight, and the staff was right there with new sheets 2 mins after we called. They took the bad ones with no problem or complaints.) On our next trip to NO we will hope to stay here again. No complaints at all. If you get the chance, go to The Cat's Meow (1 block down Bourbon) for some hilarious karaoke.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Convenient to Everything Hosted a regional conference at the Hotel St. Marie. Attendees came from all over the southeast region of the country. The attendees had nothing but praise for the hotel and hotel staff. The location of the hotel particularly impressed those attending the conference. It is convenient to everything one loves about New Orleans.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place for Business or Pleasure The Hotel St. Marie has great charm. Each room is a little different. If you're looking for something unique and not a cookie cutter chain hotel, this is the place. It's truly a taste of the old French Quarter.We recently held a conference at the St. Marie and everything went as planned. The setups were done correctly each day and the staff was great! They couldn't have been any friendlier or accommodating.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful place! My sister and I stayed at the Hotel St. Marie for 4 nights last week. 2/20-2/24/2005. The hotel was so nice! The front desk clerk, Tasha, was so helpful and greeted us when we came in and went out. Everyone was very personable! Our room was wonderful, clean and the balcony really added to the ambiance of the whole French Quarter experience. Thanks for a wonderful time and we will recommend your hotel to our friends. I can't wait to return and stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel St. Marie-Fabulous French Quarter Location I manage corporate events for FedEx and select hotels around the globe. I know hotels! When I need to 鈥済et away鈥?from corporate life and get some New Orleans, the Hotel St. Marie is my choice. One block to the quarter and central to everything, St. Marie should be your home in New Orleans. Hotel St. Marie has wonderful amenities, Old South charm and is small enough to provide personal service. The rooms are great, reasonably priced, a good value for your personal travel dollars. Their breakfast is the best and most reasonably priced in the quarter. Don鈥檛 miss the Bloody Mary鈥檚.The staff KNOWS you鈥檙e at the hotel and are the kindest in the Quarter. Where else do you hug the front desk clerk, bellman and valet goodbye! Hotel St. Marie is my personal choice for New Orleans; it鈥檚 like going home again and again. Make it yours. Book early. The secret is out.Mary Harvey GurleyManager, Local Market and Event ManagementFedEx Corporation  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No Mickey Mouse We spent New Year's weekend at this charming hotel. The location is perfect, centrally located. New Year's morning we were awakened by the pitter patter or should I say munch munch of two little mice. As I watched them devour a bag of crackers and then scatter, I looked under the armoire and discovered already present traps. Eight hours later the pest control came and baited them again. Management apologized and comped us a wonderful meal in the restaurant and credited our bill. A class act done without a problem.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Accommodations From the warm Southern Hospitality greeting by Jerry at the Front Desk, and the wonderful handeling of our 5 bags by the Bell Captain, to the room service facilities, we were treated like royalty by their gracious concern for our comfort.We would like to commend Michael Valentino, Managing Partner on his splendid/skillful managerial talents in staffing his operations.We look forward to our next trip to the French Quarter.Kindest personal regards to all,Mr. and Mrs. Richard D. Ayala(Governator's Cruisers)  
<Date>Jan 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sk0rpio_Gregg
<Content>Fabulous Place! This small boutique hotel was absolutely wonderful. It's not the Ritz-Carlton or the Four Seasons, but it has charm, friendly staff, an incredible location, amazing on-site restaurant (try the bloody marys!) and a neat pool and courtyard. The rooms are nicely furnished and comfortable. I am coming back for Halloween and looking forward to it.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place - even better location! We stayed 3 nights late November 2004. The staff was friendly and helpful and the room was nice and big with a huge bath room. A+++ LOCATION...LOCATION..LOCATION!!!Only thing that really would have made it better would be chairs on the balcony. We travelled with our 13-month old who needed an afternoon nap and it would have been nice to sit outside.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ltowngirl
<Content>wonderful stay! I stayed at the St. Marie in December and greatly enjoyed my stay. It was a last minute choice and not very well researched. After booking my room, I found this website and read the reviews. They were very mixed. I took the chance knowing my stay in NOLA would be a short one.I was pleasantly surprised. My room was ready ahead of the 4PM check in time. My room was big in size and the bathroom was clean and pretty. It was staying at the Hilton, but for a cheaper price. We passed on the restaurants in the hotel, as they seemed a bit pricey. But the location was just amazing, seeing its literally two minutes away from the bustle of Bourban. Great location of a night out on the street- we went out for dinner, came back to our room for a quick cocktail break, and went out dancing. Finding it was chillier than anticipated, I came back to the room, grabbed a sweater and was back dancing in 5 mins!!!It seems people's expectations have varied by the floor- my room was on the 2nd floor, faced the street but was not too noisy.Thanks St. Marie. I'll stay here again in the future, definitely.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hotel St. Marie on Toulouse We just returned from New Orleans and the Hotel St. Marie. It was so much nicer than the Marriot we stayed in last year. The hotel was quiet, and so close to everything! The staff was friendly and so helpful. They went way overboard on helping us find Taxi's and whatever we needed. We will definately be staying there on our next trip to Nawlins!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming and Delightful My husband and I recently stayed at the Hotel St Marie while in New Orleans. It is located just off Bourbon Street, which of course is an experience all on its own. We were treated with great courtesey and a willingness to help at every encounter with the staff. The front desk staff was especially helpful with recommendations for dinner or things to experience. The men at the Bell Desk were also ever helpful in stowing our luggage when we checked in, since it was well before our sceduled check in time, they held our luggage so we could go walking around or have lunch until our room was ready for us. Our room was wonderful, the heat lamp in the bathroom was a unique touch, helped to warm the floor on those chilly mornings. We were in a balconied room facing the street, though I did look at the rooms that had balconies facing hte courtyard and those views were just beautiful.It was wonderful to be able to sit on the balcony and read a book, or enjoy a glass of wine, which I did plenty of.The housekeeping staff was unobtrusive and asked us daily if we wanted them to clean up to room, we opted not to have them enter the room and to just provide us with anything we needed, such as additional towels.we did not use the pool facilities, though it did look inviting, we visited in winter and it was a bit chilly. The courtyard was beautiful as well.The hotel itself is in a older building so not everything is brand new, the elevator was a bit slow, but not too bad. The decor is charming, it fits the time period of the older, wealty style of French Quarter decor. I loved it and was fascinated at the little things that give the hotel its quirks. It is central in the French Quarter and we found it was easy to find being of Bourbon street and within walking distance of most everything we wanted to do.Overall, we had a wonderful experience and would recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to stay in the French Quarter.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant stay at the Hotel Saint Marie We just returned from New Orleans. My wife and I and two other couples had a very pleasant stay at the Hotel St Marie, just 1 block off Bourbon street. Our room was clean and pleasant with a great courtyard that we were able to meet in and discuss out days plans. The staff was extremely courteous and very friendly. There's a little bar in the hotel, and a very nice restaurant. Not only do you get great service, but you also get the warm feeling that comes from staying somewhere that cares what's going on in their hotel. I would stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>s.randall
<Content>Loved Hotel St. Marie despite Hurricane Ivan The Hotel St. Marie was wonderful!!!!! I had never stayed there but having lived in NOLA twice before was familiar with the area etc. which is why I chose to stay at Hotel St. Marie this time (and the affordable rates. My family went down there around when Hurricane Ivan was coming around South Florida. I figured no big deal I will be there on business for a few days and be gone before it gets close. Well due to some circumstances beyond our control we ended up riding out Hurricane Ivan right in the Hotel St. Marie. The staff was great from the start of our trip but they went above and beyond the call of duty to not only make sure we were as safe as possible but the restaraunt staff stayed on site and made sure we not only had food but excellent food. The front desk staff and management were all great I could not give higher praise as what could have been miserable was actually a fantastic stay despite the weather. The rates are great here and the location fantastic as for anyone that had room problems mentioned here I would guess it was their first trip to NOLA. Our room was perfectly fine and as far as musty smells etc. that is how the whole city smells that is a byproduct of being in a 200 year old building and also part of NOLA's charm. Our room was clean and nice and again the staff was top notch all the way. Thank you for our experience we ended up there for a week and it was great!!!!!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bohmerdg
<Content>Great Location in Heart of French Quarter This hotel is in an excellent location 1/2 block from Bourbon Street. Our room was neat and clean and we would stay here again. It offered reasonable rates and was very nice. It had a very nice courtyard areas. The restaurant and bar were also excellant. The only drawback was a lack of in-room coffee makers.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JayZan
<Content>Great Hotel Great Service Just came back from New Orleans and from Staying at the Hotel St Marie. We had a great room the staff was extremely helpful in helping us book tours to check out the city. They were very friendly and courteous. I would stay here again. And only 1 block off Bourbon street.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>WONDERFUL Hotel St. Marie My Husband and I stayed at the Hotel St. Marie on our honeymoon. It was wonderful. Very cozy tucked away just off Bourbon Street. After a few problems I was unaware of with my on line booking the executive office actually took the time to hunt me down via Internet and telephoned me to confirm all of the information. The gentleman also emailed me with various hints as to things to do and places to go while visiting. I was thoroughly impressed with the kindness of the staff and the effort put forth. We will be returning to NO in November, and will be staying at this hotel once again. Not only do you get a great rate, great service, but you also get the warm feeling that comes from staying somewhere that cares what's going on in their hotel.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at the Hotel St. Marie We recently returned from a wonderful 3 night stay at Hotel St. Marie. The staff was friendly and we loved the location!! The bartenders at the hotel bar gave us some great suggestions of places to visit . We will stay there again on our next trip to New Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beware of Parking Facility I chose to stay at the Hotel St. Marie due to the fact that it was rated as a 4 star Hotel and it has a great location near Bourbon Street. Although the Hotel accomodations are extremely nice and comfortable, the parking facility is awful. I feel that my SUV was damaged by the parking attendant while it was parked in the crowded, close-quarter space provided in the facility. The attendant did not come forth and admit he damaged the vehicle and management would take no responsibility for the damage as I could not prove to their satisfaction that they damaged it. Although it was only paint damage, I feel that a lack of professionalism was displayed by the attendant and management and is something that future patrons should be aware of prior to registration. Knowing what I know now, I would be very careful in picking any hotel in or near the French Quarter assuring that they provide parking where you can park your own vehicle and that adequate space is provided. I feel that we could have stayed at a different hotel and saved significant money. Any YES they have approprate disclaimers on their registration paperwork to assure no liability when anything is damaged or stolen. Guess I learned a somewhat costly lesson.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Eloped! My friends eloped to New Orleans and we met them the wedding day at this cute little hotel in the French Quarters. They let him use the Court Yard free to do a small weddding ceremy with a Minister Schwehm. It was great, we just stayed one night but I will go back.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Hotel St. Marie The Hotel St. Marie was an excellent choice for our 4 night stay in NO. Check-in took a little long, but they say 4pm, so I can't complain. The room was very clean and spacious. Beds were comfortable and the room was nicely cleaned every day. The location is tremendous, only a 30 sec walk to Bourbon St. and very close to all the other attractions this city has to offer. It was great to be able to eat/drink, and then stop back at the room to freshen up without going out of the way. Staff wasn't the friendliest, but answered our questions as needed. We will definately return to Hotel St. Marie when we visit NO in the future. Definately give this hotel a chance especially for the price!!llll  
<Date>Aug 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay. We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie two nights in late July 2004, and enjoyed our time there. The room was fairly nice size with a balcony, for $70. The balcony was large, although we didn't spend much time on it. The courtyard was pretty and a pleasant place to sit in late afternoon. The pool was clean. The restaurant next door (Hillary's) seemed nice, but was too expensive for us. Onsite parking is $20- we parked a few blocks away on Rampart St. for $15, because we did not need our car until we left town. The location is excellent for exploring the french Quarter.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vanilla1217
<Content>It was nice.. The hotel was nice. I was disappointed that I couldn't use the coupon for free parking because I booked online. I was also disappointed that we didn't get a room with a balcony that I wanted, considering most of the rooms have balcony's. The guy at the front desk wasn't friendly, but the rest of the staff were wonderful and the hotel was extremely clean.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>3	3	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Kaceii
<Content>Good location, nice place Great location, a half-block from Bourbon Street. Was quiet while we were there, but might pick up more noise at a busier time of year.I was a little bit afraid of what the room condition might be since it's an old building, but it was quite clean and comfortable.Paid extra for a balcony room, but it wasn't what I expected. We were in a corner room, so our balcony also had windows to the hallway (so anyone passing down the hall could look onto our balcony). There weren't any chairs, so we would have had to drag the padded chairs from the room. This was a little bit disappointing. But then again, it was so nasty hot and muggy out there, even at 6:00 in the morning, that it wasn't comfortable anyway.Hotel staff was pleasant. No problems.Not a lot of privacy for the bathroom. There were louvered doors between the bedroom and dressing area, and then another louvered door between the dressing area and the bathroom.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2004
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>many problems in 6 nights We had reserved 2 same floor rooms. Desk clerk said no way ,small hotel, and don't give a ---- attitude. Lack of wash cloths was a daily problem after maid service. One room had a live MOUSE at night  desk clerk said what do you want me to do about it? Next day rodent glue traps were in stair wells. The pool turned green on the third day and remained un usable three days later at checkout. Absolutely no water pressure for showers. Will return to New Orleans but not to the Hotel St Marie.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Let the Good Times Roll... at the St. Marie! This hotel was absolutely awesome to us! My wife and I visited New Orleans during the week of 7/10-7/15 and we had a blast. I've got to give props to our girl Jerry at the front desk, she was phenomenal! Our check-in would have been somewhat adventurous, had it not been for her prompt attention. We got there early on Saturday and though check-in wasn't until 3pm, Jerry allowed us to check into our room three hours before then. Thanks Jerry. The location is great. Just two blocks away from world famous Preservation Hall. You must go to this place if you want to listen to some real, unadulterated New Orleans jazz. You're only about 4 blocks away from Jackson Square. Can't beat it! The pool isn't what we expected (somewhat dirty), but heck, we were away from the hotel having fun for so long, we didn't need it. Our room was very clean, cozy and on the fifth floor. This hotel is great if you value location and customer service. We had a great time and we plan on staying there again and again!!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>5	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Location This city is so unique to other american cities that you feel like you are in another country. Life is very laid back in this environment. For new comers staying in the Quarter is an absolute must! The Hotel St. Marie was superbly clean. The staff was very friendly, and its location was literally a jump, hop, and skip away from Bourbon Street. The hotel also had a nice restaurant, bar, and pool and courtyard. Parking wasn't free but when we found free parking in the quarter on Decauter, the concierge let us park free in their garage! The hotel seemed very simple in comparison to the beauty of the quarter. However, it is a great price at $70.00 - $90.00 a night. I have no complaints about this hotel what so ever. I can really only vouch for this one. However, Next time I might stay in the Price Conti or Place D'armes because their location is futher away from Bourbon ( and Tourists) I haven't seen the inside of these hotels but if they are as nice as The Saint Marie I know I would be satisfied - They looked to be more New Orleans style etnic in the brochures. And they are run by the same mgmt. which means clean and friendly! I feel that staying in Jackson Square is more appealing than off of Bourbon Street - but who am I? Actually I lived in New Orleans from 96-98. Off of Decauter - you have Cafe du Monde - cool bars, restaurants (way over priced) and great shopping.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location - great room We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie for 7 days in June, 2004 and found the hotel to be clean, spacious, and the front desk staff were friendly and very helpful. The location was great, one block from Bourbon Street and not far from the French Market. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience Arrived very early the morning of our check in date, the room was not ready yet, but they were able to park our car. We stayed busy for the entire afternoon, then went to our room later that afternoon, we were on the top floor with a corner view, it was awsome we could see the city for several blocks. The room was a nice size, it had a king size bed and plenty of room to move around. The staff was very pleasant, especially to parking attendants, and one of the desk clerks commented on the shirt I was wearing on the day we checked out. The courtyard was nice and the pool was ok. I had read reviews that were good and bad, but I have to say, I would stay here again without any hesitation. The location is awsome, we were only steps away from Bourbon St., which made it nice after a night out on the town, we didn't have to stagger very far to get home. Do yourself a favor and stay at the Hotel St. Marie. P.S. Book early, I saved a lot of money by doing this, the rates do change daily.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KismetsMom
<Content>Front desk is awful I had read the other reviews and must comment that the hotel accomodations and the location were nice but the front desk clerk ( the same woman seemed to be on the desk at all times ) was very sullen and appeared to really hate her job - Mgt should wake up and fire that person -- the rest of the staff ( ie maids and bartender were very friendly and helpful ) We stayed however in room 300 right next to the maids room and if you want peace and quiet after 9am in the morning - do not stay in that room !!   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel St. marie - loved it! This hotel was fabulous! We arrived early in the day and they were more than happy to let us park as soon as we got there. They were a little late having the rooms ready but did give us free drinks in their bar. The hotel room itself was very clean and the bathroom was huge for a hotel! The maid service was excellent and the front desk staff were so great. They made everything very easy. I have been to New Orleans hundreds of times in my life and this was the first time I have stayed at Hotel St. Marie and now I will not stay anywhere else.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very courteous employees I was very impressed with the staff at hotel. They were always helpful and extremely friendly; I don't remember another hotel matching them in this case. In fact, even after I checked out of the hotel the parking attendent allowed me to leave my car in the garage while I ran out for some lunch. The room proved to be nice and large also. The price for parking was about the same price as every other location in the area. The only complaint I would have is that local calls and toll free calls were not free (I think there was a $0.95 charge for each call plus the cost of the call). But, overall I would love to stay at this hotel again.   
<Date>May 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding hotel and staff We stayed at the Hotel St. Marie on our honeymoon. It was wonderful. The staff was courteous, friendly, and went above and beyond to help in anyway they could. Hillary's the hotel resturant was outstanding for breakfast. I highly recommend it. The hotel is 1/2 block from Bourbon St. and so close to everything in the quarters. The valet parking is perfect and use a cab when in New Orleans. The only thing I did not like was our room window overlooked the central air units, but other than that the place is ideal for a comfortable stay in New Orleans French Quarter.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad Though the check in time was, as usual, 3-4 pm, I arrived at the hotel little after noon to pre-register and get my luggage to their storage room. The unaccomodating man told me to come back by 3 pm, almost promising me that my room would be clean by then. Around 3:15, I asked if my room was ready and it wasn't. It'll be ready in 5 minutes. 5 minutes turned out to be 35 minutes! Several other guests were in the lobby waiting for their rooms to be cleaned as well. Hotel St. Marie definitely had a super shortage of cleaning staff! Finally get to my room and it's cute and quite big. Small TV though! Putting the iron/ironing board in the bathroom was a good logical touch. Bathroom had a heater light. Tremendous water pressure in the shower, which was great. Comfortable night's sleep, and super cheap rate of $80 TOTAL.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No problems here We visited the St. Marie last week on a short break from the UK as part of a group of about 40. We arrived around 6pm when we were welcomed by the owner who poured champagne as he told us about the history of the hotel, pointed out the main points of interest and told us how to get there. No one had any complaints about their rooms. Ours was a third floor courtyard view (much quieter than the street facing rooms). It was nicely furnished and the period style of the furniture is in keeping with the style of the hotel and the French Quarter generally. I have read a number of reports on this thread about the rudeness of the staff. Whilst they didn't exactly laugh and joke with us, they certainly weren't rude. Just efficient. If you want real rudeness, don't go to the French Quarter, go and visit Paris. The location of the hotel is just about perfect. It is a 15 second walk from the hotel to Boubon Street, but just far enough to be away from the incessant noise. From the hotel front door, Jackson Square is less than 5 minutes walk and the Mississippi river is about the same. You won't find a hotel in a better location than this. Even if you experence a few problems, at the end of the day, your hotel is your base from which to see the city, you will find it hard to do better than the St. Marie.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Please don't do this to yourself!!! Do not be fooled by the pretty pictures on their website. The lobby of this hotel is attractive, but unfortunately you won't be sleeping there. We stayed on the fourth floor and the moment the elevator doors opened the smell of mold and mildew was overpowering. Our room was covered in mold, the ceilings, the grout, the vents. The wallpaper was peeling off in the bathroom. The windows have been sealed shut so you cannot open them and air the room out. The water pressure in the shower is nonexistent. This was truly the most appalling hotel I have ever stayed in.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>larrypharm
<Content>No Problems Stayed for 1 night on Wed Feb. 4. found the bell staff, and desk staff to be helpfull and friendly. Stayed in a 5th floor room that was clean and without odor. This was not a 5 star hotel, but we did not pay a 5 star price either. Can't beat the location  
<Date>Feb 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brigopens
<Content>Worked for us. OK, here's the whole run down...Booked a few days ahead of time. Orbitz had the best rate of all the sites, which came to around 75 with taxes and fees. Think the room istelf was $64. Wednesday night stay only.Called ahead to ask for a room on a lower level floor and they were very accomodating. Checked back when our flight was delayed and they assured me it was no problem. Arrived, and checked in with no trouble, nice room on the 3rd floor. Sizable, with a bit of a musty smell, but hey, it is New Orleans, everything smells that way. Clean sheets and bathroom.No other problems so to speak of. Cleaning lady knocked on the door quite early considering the fact that we went to bed around 6 AM but we should have hung the DO NOT DISTURB sign I guess.Checked out after noon, left bags with the bellhpp and explored Bourbon Street a bit longer. No problems with the bags and they had a cab waiting as promised when we got back.Definitely worth the money. Will probably try and stay there next time I go back if the rooms are still reasonably priced.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible! I found a great rate at this hotel, expecting to spend a nice weekend spending time in my own city. However, I was seriously dissapointed. The service of the staff was horrible. As someone said earlier, I believe I would fire most of the front desk staff. Everyone we came in contact with was rude! As a local, I am embarassed that for some tourists this is the only chance they get to experience southern hospitality.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but.... This hotel is okay. It is located less than a block from Bourbon, on a side street. The room was rather clean, however, we did find a strange item that looked like a bug under the edge of one of the beds. We later determined that it was an old praline pecan. The beds were comfortable. The bathroom is nice as it has two vanities, one outside and one inside the actual bathroom. This allows two people to dress simultaneously. The main problem with our room was that our balcony door would not lock. This probably would not have been a concern except that the balcony was shared and accessible by two separate rooms. This was not good for security. The elevator was quite slow and only one worked. The only ice machine is on the first floor all the way around near the parking garage. Parking is somewhat expensive, but that's the norm for NOLA. Getting your vehicle retrieved can take a bit of a time. The front desk staff were very nice and friendly to us. One guy even loaned us his umbrella. I would consider staying here again, but only if I could choose my room.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Blessings The Hotel St. Marie is a five star hotel to be sure, but you lose a star for every floor you go up; and we stayed on the fifth. The room was adequate, but my partner fell through one of the flimsy chairs, the lightbulbs kept burning out, and the water pressure was next to nill. The front desk receptionist, let's call her Catatonia, never cracked a smile once and didn't seem the least concerned over our problems with the room. The bartenders and service in the restraunt, however, were superb, and the bell hops were helpful. Nice location, very centrally located.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only in New Orleans! My husband and I have be going to New Orleans every year for 12 years for our vacation. Only in New Orleans can you find such wonderful food and great hotels at any price! Even our children love to eat pancakes on the patio and swim in the pool at The Hotel St. Marie. We love the hotel because of the location. It's so close to Bourbon Street we can mix our own drinks in our room and walk on the street to listen to music! Our favorite place to eat though is the bistrot located in the hotel. Chef Ed and Hillary are wonderful Hosts. His Grits and Grillades ( a New Orleans tradition) are THE VERY BEST! So, even if you cannot get a room there, at least stop by for a great meal!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Location gives it **, otherwise a solid *. The first 4 nights we stayed at a horrible bb (Fairchild House), after which this place felt like heaven. First of all the location is awesome, 1 corner away from Bourbon Str. 2nd, they have an elevator which is cool. Then came the second thoughts. Do not stay on the 5th floor! The rooms do not have windows that you can open, except the few that have balconies looking at the pool. Once you turn on the a/c the dust will start your allergies right away. Remember NO was built on a swamp, so mold is everywhere. Do not eat at the restaurant, it is overpriced and the food sucks. For the money this place is ok, but as some other people mentioned it already, the staff have serious attitude problems, which you will notice in other places while in NO. (Good places to eat at: Mother's, Acme Oyster House, Gumbo Shop) The reason I gave it two stars only was that we got a room on the 5th floor in which we could not open the windows (that is just stupid.) If you don't care about the things mentioned above, this is a good choice becuase of the aweseme location in the heart of the FQ.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First Stay at the St. Marie The clerks who run the front desk are not as friendly as they should be. I'd actually fire some of them...seriously, I would.I rated the front desk as 'marginal during our stay for 3 days and 4 nights.The room was fine. Not a 5 star room by any menas, but it was adequate.The man who was running the hotel bar was very nice and he made up for any of the short-comings of the other hotel staff.The location of the hotel is without any doubt, it's best feature, as you can walk to any place you desire without having to have a taxi.New Orleans is one of my most favorite places to visit and I visit it frequently, and I will stay at the Hotel St. Maire on my next return visit as well.I go to Orleans to EAT FOOD, relax and enjoy watching the weird people.......not to say in a 5 star hotel. A bed is a bed...but I want a bed that I feel safe in, when I am in New Orleans. I feel safe at the Hotel St. Marie.So the Hotel St. Marie fits my ticket perfect...and the prices are right, if you learn how to negotiate with them as well.Enjoy...  
<Date>Dec 25, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Difficult to fault Spent 3 nights at St Marie in Dec 2003. Very impressed with rooms for the price paid. The quality of food and service at the breakfast room was fantastic.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice quite room, 3 minute walk to Burbon St. We've stayed at 4 different hotels now in the French Quarter and this hotel had the most conventional rooms to date. Meaning? Clean, comfortable, no more surprizing than a Days Inn on I-75. The Downside, if your into the French Quarter Atmosphere it's nothing real special, but that can be a good thing too, sometimes the rooms are memorable in a bad way!. The best part, only 3 minutes walk from your room to the middle of the action on Burbon St.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyable, but damp My sister and I shared a room there as part of a group trip. Our room, in the front and on the 4th floor, was lovely. My mother and her friend were in another room, which was not nearly as nice. Both ladies are allergic to cigarette smoke and mold, and the hotel staff was unable to find a room that did not reek of both...although several were attempted, including my sister's and mine. The room they ended up in was rather small and had no balcony. As in any historic building, especially one in a semi-tropic clime, dampness and mold run rampant...this hotel is no exception. Staff was considerate and cordial, although my sister had an expensive item taken by a cleaning lady. The manager knew immediately who to suspect, and returned the item to my sister upon finding in the woman's cleaning cart. (One may hope that the cleaning woman has been reassigned.) Street noise was quite loud in the front room, (quieter in Mom's back room), but worth it for the larger room and beautiful wrought iron balcony. The attached restaurant was amazing! Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Staff id FIRST CLASS!! I Tryed several hotels in the Quarter some were dirty, some were just not too impressive. After my first stay in the St. Marie I now make it my regular place of choice in New Orleans. Even to the point of If they are booked I postpone my trip till I can stay there. I can always count on everything being as near perfect as the staff can muster. Ronald on the desk always helpful and frienely. This hotel broke the code while others in the French Quarter are still guessing. They give good frinely service, and make the guest feel like ther are special,  
<Date>Nov 17, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dpoole6131
<Content>Great Service, Nice Room I give this hotel a 5 star rating, everything was perfect, room size, front desk serivce, the resturant, location.. I don't have a bad thing to say about anything this hotel offered!If you want to stay close to the quarter, then check out this hotel with its friendly staff, and excellent rooms.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Location The St. Marie had an excellent location only 1/2 block from Bourbon St. It was clean enough. But there was no ambience and we were put in a corner room right by the maid's closet. I noticed room service trays sitting for over eight hours outside another room. Would I recommend it, it's reasonable and location is great, but if you want atmosphere and excellent service go somewhere else.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amy417
<Content>Pleasantly surprised After getting a weekend rate of $69 at Hotel St. Marie, I was a little worried about what my room would be like. I was pleasantly surprised to step into a beautiful, elegant lobby in the heart of the French quarter, and to check-in to a clean, spacious room with a balcony to boot! I would definitely stay there again, and recommend it highly!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lancarra
<Content>Great location and enjoyable stay We were a bit worried after reading the most recent reviews of this hotel. We went into the weekend not expecting to like the hotel. However, after using the information on this site, we were able to not only avoid the 5th floor rooms, which, according to one review, are smaller, but we were upgraded to a balcony room at no additional cost. I would recommend the rooms on floors 2-4 next to the elevator shaft. Although we didn't see the room, the balconies were larger. The location was perfect, and it was surprisingly quiet.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kmkelly_1998
<Content>Great Place! I don't know where the last reviewer stayed but my husband  I just returned from NO and the Hotel St. Marie on August 18th. We never saw any garbage in the hallways or had any employee of the Hotel St. Marie be rude to us. I had a hard time picking a hotel in NO because I wanted it to be clean....safe....and reasonably priced. This one certainly was perfect. The pool is very nice and refreshing. Our room was large w/2 double beds and a balcony over the courtyard. We paid $69. during the week and $89. Fri  Sat nights. I understand there are some smaller rooms on the 5th floor (sort of an attic area) but we were given the room we had requested in our initial reservation. The location couldn't be better! It's my opinion this a great hotel for the $$$.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>best feature is location The only time the front desk staff didnt act like they had an impacted wisdom tooth waswhen I asked about booking a tour. Then the eyes lit for just long enough to book. Room was fair halls filthy trash was left on floor the two days we were there. Best feature is location.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Patricia40
<Content>Charmant H么tel       Cours int茅rieure avec Piscine  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

