<Author>stuinlondon51
<Content>All the info you need in this review... Having reviewed what seemed like hundreds of hotels around Bali, we finally settled for the Puri Santrian in Sanur to venture ouf away from the major tourist destinations...and we made a great choice.Upon arrival, we were greeted with drinks/cold towels, someone grabbed our bags and loaded them up onto a trolley...all at 11:30pm at night! We had a room on the 3rd floor of the Beach Wing, where we crashed for the night after traveling close to 24hrs. The next morning we woke up and realised that the Beach Wing room we were in showed little resemblance to the pictures we had seen on their website. The room itseld seemed like a hollow shell, with paint peeling from the walls and a very forgotten look to the interior and decor. We went down to the front desk and were advised that we could upgrade to a Club Suite for a mere $20 extra a night. Upon checking out what the suite looked like, we jumped on the offer....much better accomidation and the room decor was relaxed with a large King Size bed w/ mosquito net + sitting area + balcony with 2 chairs and a recliner. The bathroom was adequate although the drainage for the shower was slow. But you don't go to Bali to stay in a hotel room, so it was perfect for us and from my experience exceeded what a 3 star hotel room usually offers/ looks like. If you are staying at this hotel, I highly recommend you upgrade to a Club Suite.Breakfast was included in our rate, and offered a variety of Western eats with 1 or 2 local favorites. A chef is also avaialble to make fresh omelettes/ eggs etc. Again, not the best breakfast but exceeded expectations for a 3 start hotel. The staff were amazing however, very friendly and efficient and even rememebred our names from the second day we were there til the end.Location - the hotel has 3 pools. One main pool where the swim up bar is located/ kids swimming area. This pool is about 10 yards from the beach as well, where the hotel has a great beachfront resteraunt called 'The Beach Club.' The second pool is on the opposite side and right next to the spa. A more peacefull pool, the deepest of the 3. The 3rd pool is for the Club Suite residents only and offers a 3 tier swimming pool. There is a hot tub type pool @ the top, which overflows into the main swimming area where you can relax under a straw canopy, and from there the pool overflows into the lower swimmin area which has a few fountains and another reclined seating area to relax. This pool is definitely the most beautiful of the 3, and also definitely check out the spa when you are there as they offer a buy one get one free treatment. I had a 2.5 hr massage for around 拢20 UK and it was one of the best in terms of service, atmosphere, and relaxation.As for the beach, it's was well kept by the hotel staff and there were water activities + 2 flating rafts with recliners on them that you could swim out to. Not many people were swimming, it's more of a pebble/ corral beach, and the pool offered better comfort. The Beach Canopy Lounges were a godsend however, complete with drink service from the bar. it did however get very hot sitting on the beach for too long.Outside the hotel there are many great resteraunts. I highly recommend going to 'The Cat  Fiddle,' for dinner and having their Satay! Cheap, Cheerful, and it's a main resteraunt on the island that draws all the local expats....so you know it's good when it's overflowing with people. They also offer Irish Music on certain nights which is relaxing....although not traditional....it's a nice change to the Balinese Music that you hear everywhere you go. Walk further down the road from the hotel, past the little roundabout with the statue, and you'll find some hidden gems with great food and even better prices. There are off the beaten path of tourists, with no major hotels on their doorstep, so your business is highly appreciated by them!Tips:It is rather annoying when you venture out from the hotel and are offered transport, by every local you see sitting down...waiting for tourists. Just smile/ nod and say no thanks....they will leave you alone. I noticed the more tanned you looked, the less you get hastled....as they think you've been there long enough to not buy into their hastle.Also, if you are Caucasian everyone will automatically asume you are from Australia and greet you or try and get your attention by calling you 'Mate.' Don't take offense as we noticed some people did. To be honest the people who will shout to get your attention are usually trying to sell you into some dodgy garbage anyways which you don't want. All the markets basically sell the same things, especially when it comes to the tshirts, but when you get into some of the Malls in Kuta you can find some much nicer souveneirs that other's most likely wont have. Also, anyone who trys to shake your hand when walking around is going to stop you...so be warned...it happens a LOT in the higher populated areas.Overall Sanur is a nice place to relax, much quieter than Kuta/ Nusa Dua/ Seminyak etc and there are no bars/ nightclubs anywhere close. To get from Sanur to Kuta will cost around 70,000 rupiah when traveling in the low season. (about 拢4 UK) They will try and get you to do a return trip as well and wait for you. Don't do it. Kuta and Seminyak had meter taxis called 'BlueBird's' which can take you back to Sanur for around 50,000 with no hastle.So for a 3 star hotel its a steal. Definitely consider this place for a quiet vacation, and as previous reviews have demonstrated bad luck can happen at any given time. Just remember that Asian culture is the same all around, so smile and be nice and you will be treated nicely in return. Be a grump and complain a lot, shouting etc will get you nowhere...even when you are expecting a service you have paid for. it's a whole different culture from what you are probably used to.Enjoy your trip.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>breefree
<Content>somewhat disappointed we arrived in bali full of excitement. then we checked-in to our hotel. well, actually we tried to check in, but there was a delay. no problem. it happens. so the front desk told us we would be getting an upgrade to a suite. read: SWEET. so, we waited around for FOUR hours. as the hours drifted on, boredom quickly took over our initial excitement. at two hours i went up to the desk. no room not ready, we'll tell you. then by the third hour, the emotion of being upset had to be surpressed. my daughter got stung by a bee in the lobby area while we waited. no one offered help. if my daughter had had an allergic reaction, i don't even want to think about that. no hotel employee gave us a second glance. Twice we asked for basic water and it never came. nothing was offered to us; no one even looked in our direction, even though there were five or six various hotel employees standing around. then, after the four hours, i go to the front desk and they tell us they are now giving us a different room. the room was similar to the original room we had booked, except it was on level 2 instead of the requested level 1 (we have a 2.5 y-o so balconies are not a good idea). the front desk told us this room was better than the suite they had promised. only when we got to the room itself did we know they had blatantly lied to our faces. then, they gave us a baby crib, which of course is good if you have A BABY. the bed was smaller than expected. then the toilet didn't work - so we had to go to the first floor area to use the toilet for the first two days (half our stay). they sorta fixed the toilet, but it continued to leak during our stay ruining a pair of my wife's pants. two lights were out. the ac unit had minimal effect (way undersized for the room). so basically, we waited and waited - were promised one thing (they even issued our 'hotel passport' with the suite room number on it) - then we were ignored (not even bringing water to us) and then the ole switcharoo complete with bold face lie about it being a better room! if by 'better' they meant 'terrible' then i guess that was true.there were other things, but i don't want to go on and on. it would be easy to brush this off as a one time event. but, i saw several things that lead me to believe that the property just doesn't get it. so, if you have lots of extra money (we don't) and you don't mind throwing it out the window. and you are willing to overlook poor service and people who will say whatever to get your compliance... then this place may be for you. it certainly is a nice looking property. so if you just want the surface beauty, and you are willing to not be concerned if things aren't quite right... then this place is for you.there was one woman in the restaurant area named dwi who was very nice. she was the best thing about the whole place. very sincere. but she was clearly out of place to the rest of the place. where the smiles were largely skin deep. i do suggest that if they offer you an upgrade and they issue you a 'passport' with the room number = go and camp out at the room and tell them you will just go in when the cleaning is done. that way they can't stirng you along and switch it around....  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	1	

<Author>redbulllover
<Content>Most relaxing holliday we have ever had Just got back today. We arrived at the hotel and they had upgraded us to a bungalow room which was a nice suprise! It was our first time in Bali. The hotel grounds are beautiful with loads of nature! In the trees next to our room was a family of bats and a family of squirrels! All aound the grounds there are lovely traditional Balinese stone carved statues. The room was really lovely but as per previous reviews, the lighting in the room was very poor and the shower was not very powerful or hot. It is easy to get transport through the hotel (you will be able to get it cheaper outside though) and they also have a shelter on the grounds for taxi drivers to hang around in. This we found a little troublsome because when we just wanted to the leave the hotel to go to the shops or a restaurant we would be asked if we wanted transport by the hotel taxi service then the drivers in the shelter on the grounds and then also the private drivers who hang around the entrance. On one occasion, a driver from the sheltered area that stopped us and sparked up conversation with us when we first arrived (trying to get us to hire him for a tour) actually was wondering round the grounds and came to our room and asked us why we didnt go with him on a trip after we mentioned we had been out for the day. (The reason being that the driver we chose was not pushy like him and many others had been) - i thought it was a bit of an invasion of privacy.We stayed on and BB basis and the buffet breakfast was great with lots of choice. The situation with the sun loungers was a bit annoying (all the good spots on the beach are always taken, i cant understand how though cos they dont give out towels until 8am and the loungers already had been marked by towels even at 6.30am!) - but we decided when in Rome!The food selection was good but you can get meals cheaper outside the hotel as there are restaurants on the beach next door or the main street (Massimos is highly recommended for fans of Italian food) - however we ordered burgers through room service but i dont think it was cooked properly as i had a tummy ache straight after and both of us were not very well the following day.Apart from the above minor issues, i cannot fault this hotel as ALL the staff are very friendly and always say hello. It has a very relaxed atmosphere and we really enjoyed our time here and did not want to leave- this is why i would rate the experience as Excellent rather than just above average. We would hope to return to Bali in the future and would make Puri Santrian our first choice.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>venica
<Content>Nearly perfect............... Had a wondeful 12 day stay at the Puri Santrian in Oct 08. The hotel has a lovely peaceful atmosphere - the gardens are gorgeous and very well kept.On arrival we were told we were to be upgraded to a bungalow - the rooms are the only thing that lets this hotel down - they are very dark and are in much need of updating - the bathrooms especially.Besides this everything else was perfect - the breakfast has lots of choice and is very nice.There are 2 large pools and plenty of loungers plus lots around the beach - you may have to get up to early to get one though if the hotel is full as we found on our last few days - annoyingly they are reserved and sometimes never used.There is a Spa in the hotel - between 9am and 1pm there is an offer of buy one get one free - the Spa is gorgeous so take advantage of this offer.Some nice places to eat around the hotel - the best being Donalds (there is one on the beach and one on the road) - Trophy Bar is good for drinks - also the Indian next door to Kambali is really good.We went to the Safari Park which was a great day out - we hired a driver from the hotel and he waited for us at the park. It's great value as you get 2 rides around the park - there is a funfair and also a waterpark - you also get to have a photo with a either a lion cub, tiger cub or orangutang.I would highly recomment this hotel and Bali - it's a lovely place.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>controllerman
<Content>Fabulous Hotel We stayed at the Puri Santrian for two weeks early in October. We booked a club room and was put on the top floor the room ws lovely, but for people with walking difficulies it may be a bit of a problem with the ammount of stairs. The room itself was always very clean with the bed linen and towels being changed everyday. Breakfast was provided and that was enjoyable with plenty of choice. The club rooms also had there own swimming pool, with plenty of sun loungers, although not always with a shade by them, it seemed that people always put there towels out early to reserve these. The grounds and garden were always immaculatly kept and there were always staff around working in them. Outside the hotel there was plenty of good quality restaurants to eat, ie Mago's, Caramel, A Gateway to India to name just a few . We also went to the Bali theme night at the hotel, that was excellent entertainment and we also ate at the Mezzanine a restaurant that was hotel run at the entrance to the the Santrian, also excellent food and service. All the staff at the hotel are to be commended for making our holiday very enjoyable. And we would recommend anyone thinking of coming to Bali to stay at the Puri Santrian.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>KIWIKEITH
<Content>Enjoyed Sanur as a Location for relaxed holiday       Relax in Pod listening to jazz band  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>tchillout
<Content>Paradise Bali  We had the best time ever most enjoyable 1week stay at the Puri Santrian in Bali We booked a Garden Room and we were very happy with the room and location of it. Some aspects of room were dated and yes could be freshend up but it was kept lovely and clean - fresh bed linen daily and fresh towels once daily. The Hotel Gardens are beautiful very tidy all the time . lots of sun loungers, . All staff were friendly and always acknowledged your presence. Food was great in the hotel and outside the hotel aswell there are plenty of cheaper restaurants close by to choose from too. Breakfast was plentiful with a good choice. The Best Restaurant has to be Caramels which is almost next door to the hotel on the right but set back from the road,. There is something for everybody excellent., the staff are so friendly aswell we ate in this restaurant 4 nts Def if you go to Bali you have to go on the tour that takes you out to the Rice fields the views are class .we booked the half day tour with Bali tours very very good All in all it is a great hotel  the weather was fabulous and we met some lovely people -  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DRACSS
<Content>Well Kept Hotel Excellent hotel, well placed great location, friendly staff and well run. We stayed in the santrian club which was a little like a church/library envireoment., with the majority of visitors lounging round the small pools all day. GET OUT BY THE MAIN POOL AREA, THAT IS GREAT. One point about the santrian club is that you only receive a cold continental breakfast, despite paying the highest accommodaqtion rates.We have visited many islands in the far east, and Bali was the best.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>THE_ONE_MRBEN
<Content>Good... I stayed at the Puri Santrian with my girlfriend during September 2008. We are both late 20's and hope the following will help:Hotel: All the communal facilities are very nice and well maintained. The gardens and pool areas are picturesque and were not overly busy during our stay.Rooms: We stayed in the basic Garden Wing Room. This, to be honest was slightly underwhelming. While the room was quite large,comfortable and everything was in working order, we both felt that a refurbishment was if not overdue, would be welcome (the bathroom in particular).Spa: We both had traditional Balinese massages which were fantastic. The spa itself was very good with helpful staff. Food: The hotel food was of a good standard and we did not encounter a bad meal inside the hotel (or in the associated restaurants). Hotel Location: The hotel is situated at the very end of the strip of hotels and restaurants. It is a short (and cheap) taxi trip towards better restaurants and shops. Still being under 30 we wanted some nightlife and a few dedicated bars, rather than bar/restaurants. Unfortunately, we found Sanur lacking in this area.Overall: We enjoyed both our stay in Bali and at the Puri Santrian. The 10 days we stayed were very relaxing and we were sad to be leaving.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>elt466
<Content>friendly comfortable hotel The Puri Santrian has comfortable, large rooms surrounded with gorgeous tropical gardens. It has a very traditional feel with the hotel rooms designed in small blocks of 6 rooms or as bungalow style houses.The pools are kept clean and have enough room to get some privacy from other guests. I stayed in the club rooms which were stunning BUT be prepared to have a couple of disappointments! You may not get a pretty four-poster bed, as these are only on the top and ground floor, first floor rooms have normal double beds. Also the club rooms may be sold to you as child free, well they are not.. plus the club pool and grounds are supposed to be only for people staying in these rooms, but anyone from the whole hotel can actually use it so it does get quite busy, and a bit of a challenge to get a pool side lounger. I would recommend heading to the beach front about 9am to make sure you get a nice spot under the palm trees or your own beach hut.Food here is excellent with a good range of western and asian food, including some actual traditional Bali cuisine (which is suprisingly rare). The area has a nice range of restaurants and pubs, and the stalls selling local crafts are a good price compared to other tourist areas.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>claireryan58
<Content>Dissapointed for a 4 star hotel This hotel is more for couples than families, its nice and quiet and wasnt over crowded. The food and service was really good. The gardens and pools were beautiful, but the rooms were a huge dissapointment. The rooms are old and need to be updated, i had a cold shower the whole 7 days i was there, my air-con was very loud and my power cut off a few times. My parents had the same problem in there room, so i wasnt the only one. For these reasons i would not go back.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>AlbaWestYorkshire
<Content>Bali Bliss We have just arrived back from a most enjoyable 3 week stay at the Puri Santrian. We booked a Club Room and were happy with the room and location of it. Some aspects of room were dated and yes could be freshend up but it was kept lovely and clean - fresh bed linen daily and fresh towels twice daily. The Hotel Gardens are beautiful and this hotel has a much friendlier feel than the Bali Hyatt which we stayed at last year (we paid a return visit there on at least 3 occasions this time and were so glad we had chosen the Puri). Hotel spray the grounds 3 times weekly to prevent infestation of insects ie mozzies and flies and it worked! Arround the Club pool area, limited sun loungers/shades which was a slight irritation. It was annoying to see some secured but not used for hours although pool staff are happy to remove after 30 minutes upon request. All staff were friendly and always acknowledged your presence. Food was good and worth the extra expense but menu was limited - there are plenty of cheaper restaurants close by to choose from too. Breakfast was plentiful with a good choice. The pool bar was okay but not used enough and there was no music (even low key) to entice anyone to use it and it does lack in this area.The Village Restaurant (Italian)is excellent. Caramels which is almost next door to the hotel on the right but set back from the road,is another high class restaurant with a fusion menu. There is something for everybody foodwise.Balinese night at the hotel was good for the entertainment but the food was not so good (banquet) and not worth the money paid. The Spa in comparison to the beach is more expensive but it is so luxurious and you will truly feel pampered. Waka Land Tour by landrover is a must, it was fantastic, well worth going on with the final destination being a trip to the jungle restaurant which was an absolute joy!!! Countryside seen on this tour was fantastic and the guide does give an insight into the history of Bali. Very accommodating and would stop to allow photographs over and above their pre selected vistas. A visit to the volcano and mountain lakes are worth viewing but spoiled by the street hawkers who are 'determined' to say the least but this must be said for the whole region of Sanur too. You can't take a step outside the hotel but they are shoving the obligatory holiday tat/trips/taxis in your face - constantly!! Everyone has to make a living but it is off putting. Remember to haggle for everything - they will up their prices (especially taxis unless metered) more so before you have a 'holiday tan'!All in all it is a great hotel and met with our expectations, the weather was fabulous and we met some lovely people - remember Club rooms do not permit children - hindrance or bliss - you decide!!!  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>breephd
<Content>shell game won't have enough space to give full review, but the brief review is... nothing like what you see online. we arrived in bali full of excitement - and this hotel managed to fully ruin our vacation. first, we asked for a beach wing room, on the ground floor with early check-in. when we arrived, they said no rooms in the beach wing were available, so we would be upgraded to the club, but must wait til 1pm for check-in. After waiting 4 hours in the lobby and having my daughter get stung by a bee, and our requests for water ignored... the front desk finally assigned us a room = 2 level of beach wing. so, not only did we not get what was promised, but they put us in the worst room available. this is waht you get for waiting and being patient. our room had inadequate ac, a broken toilet, and low water pressure. we had to use the first floor lobby restroom for 2 of our 3 days stay. we needed a hair dryer - so several hours later they deliver this very old hair dryer and make us sign for it - 25 usd if broken or fail to return. real value of device = 25 cents at a garage sale. my wife wanted to use the spa morning noon and night, but her first trip in and they made her wait 25 minutes in the lobby. no water, no hand/face wash towel. Meanwhile, another couple arrived to lavish attention with all of the amenities provided. my wife had booked the most expepensive package and was treated worse than a criminal in jail, who would at least be offered water. also, while we waitied for check-in we went to the hotel's beach restaurant - slim pickings and extra charges if you want certain things. i can't tell you the disspaointment we felt in the hotel - they managed to ruin our vacation completely; this difficult to do as we kept trying to look positively on our trip. the biggest failure was upgrading us, putting the room number on our passport then pulling the old shell game by then putting us in a worse room and telling us it was better. this was a deliberate and direct, bold faced lie. they bell hop actually tried to sell us that the room we were getting was better than the club room we were promised for our patiently waiting. lesson is this = when you get there, demand your room immediately and do not go away from the front desk until they give you the key. better yet, try the hotel sanur beach or bali hyatt both close to this one.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	1	3	3	

<Author>BTTSouthport
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for 2 weeks in a Club Room at the Puri Santrian at the beginning of September and we thought the hotel was lovely. I had read all the previous reviews and to be honest was a little nervous as some really weren't positive. I needn't have worried! The gardens were lovely and the staff were great. Every last one of them from the waiters to the garden staff were friendly and said hello as you strolled through the lovely grounds.Our room was fine, with one of the biggest and comfiest beds we have ever slept in! We thought the little touches like daily bottled water and little pots of fresh flowers in the room were great.We generally sunbathed at the beach and round the main pool as the area around the club room pool was very hot with no breeze (Not a complaint, just an observation!) Contrary to previous comments, we never had a problem getting a sunbed either on the beach or round the main pool.We enjoyed the breakfasts at the hotel and thought the choice was great...previous reviews commented on lack of choice but I personally fail to see what else the hotel could have provided.We got a free jet lag massage and a free meal at Mezzanine (the hotel restaurant by the entrance) and they were both lovely. We also ate regularly at the pool restaurant. It was more expensive than the beach bars but of a much higher quality and the setting was great. We returned to the spa on our last day and had an aromatherapy massage (2 for 1) for about $50. This is obviously more expensive than a massage on the beach but we thought the increased price was well worth it.We did check out the Hyatt along the beach whilst we were there and to be honest the 70s looking concrete building was less than impressive.In conclusion, if we returned to Bali, we would definitely return to the Puri Santrian, in fact I wish I was there now!!!PS For a laugh we tried the Seawalker experience and it was great fun!!!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tvarad
<Content>Great hotel in a quite part of Bali Stayed there for 4 nights from Sep 5th. It's a lovely resort hotel with a compact feeling compared to the sprawl that is the Bali Hyatt up the road.I stayed in Club Santrian which are a set of rooms built around a private pool a short walk away from the beach and other places of activity in the hotel. Quality of the room was good, other than a foul odor from the bathroom once which went away. The building looks very slightly rundown but that's to be expected in the harsh tropical weather. A bonus was a three member family of small bats which had taken up residence under the eaves in the balcony(weren't scary; they slept all day and flew off at sunset to hunt for insects)Service was top-notch as well as the well maintained gardens and facilities. The beach is not very swim-friendly as it's shallow, especially when the tide goes out.There's a great walkway all along the beach that runs for miles for those who love hoofing it as I do. The Mezzanine restaurant at the entrance of the hotel servers good food (I tried the Vilage Italian restaurant at their sister hotel Griya Santrian up the road and was less impressed).All in all, a great experience and highly recommended for those who love peace and quiet.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>susierem
<Content>Our wedding was fabulous!       wedding location  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Katstill
<Content>Lovely, friendly hotel, great location       Beautiful Beach  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>journeymakers
<Content>A very good Hotel My husband and I stayed at this Hotel for Six nights. We discovered our room had a leaky toilet and we were moved to a new room without a problem.The bungalow was a little dark as others have mentioned but this gave it a nice cool relaxing feel and we thought it was lovely. The deck was a good size and we enjoyed sitting out on it watching the squirrels darting about in the trees.We went to the Indonesian night at the hotel and although the dancing was good the food was not hot by the time we got to it and this is not a good thing in Bali. We did end up with a small bout of 'Bali Belly' but we coped well with it and could have got it from anywhere even though we were very careful with hand sanitisers etc.The best meal we had was at the Mezzanine right next door to the hotel. The pianist played lovely music which added to the ambience and the food was excellent. If you like to dress up a bit more you can do that at this restaurant.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BristolJue
<Content>Good, but not great Stayed at the Puri Santrian for 7 nights in all, 2 nights at the start of our holiday, then 5 nights at the end. We stayed in a Club Room at the start (room 281), and it was fine, but nothing too special really. Both double beds had been pushed together, so we did have a huge bed! We were upgraded, so didn't benefit from the free breakfast or afternoon tea offer, and when we walked around the Club Pool area, all the loungers were already reserved with towels even though they remained unused for several hours. For our 5 nights stay we were in a Garden Bungalow, room 158, and although it was a bit dark due to the foliage outside and the tinted windows, it was clean and comfortable, and easily big enough. The bathroom, although large, was the only thing to let it down was the shower was over the bath, which wasn't too big a deal, but the tiling and grout did need replacing, and the water never seemed to be really hot enough. The netting in the partially outdoor bathroom kept most of the creatures out, but we did have a few mozzies, and a mouse! The lizard seemed to stay mostly in the living area ......... I think he preferred his creature comforts.The hotel itself does have lovely gardens, a very nice pool area, and plenty of loungers and beds available. The place just seemed to lack any atmosphere though, with the only real bar area being the pool bar, and this was empty most nights. Due to the lack of atmosphere, we ate out every night at a number of places close to the hotel. There are 3 beach restaurants all just yards from the hotel beach area (turn right when you reach the beach and follow the path). You'll fine Cemara, Donald's and Bobby's ................... all good, with Donald's doing great breakfasts and Bobby's doing a fabulous Nasi Goreng Istimewa, a special fried rice with 2 satay skewers, prawn crackers and fried egg. Delicious! Food is very cheap and very good, and there is also another Donald's out the front of the hotel ................. just turn right at the enterance, and it's on the left hand side of the road.The Cat and Fiddle and Trophy Bar are both good for evening drinks, and both offer food all day too, so you need never go hungry in Sanur. Most places seem to have live music on several nights, so you won't be bored.Do try to do the Elephant Safari if you feel the need to get out and about. It's abour an hours ride away from Sanur, and you can choose either 30, 45 or 60 minute rides ............... the elephants are all so cute and well behaved you'll not want to get off one.We also did a boat trip to Turtle Island .................... you will get VERY wet on this trip, so best to wear swimwear and take towels.It was a 3 hour trip, and you visit the island and see the turtles in a cordoned off area, and a guide explains about the breeding season etc, then you see some young turtles in tanks, and can pick them up if you really want to. There are also a couple of monkeys there, so you can pose for photos with them, plus a lizard, a snake, and a crocodile. On the way back to Sanur, the boat was beached several times on sandbanks, so 2 guys had to help push it away from these areas, and it did get a bit frustrating. You also get the chance to go snorkelling, and we did see some fish and coral.If you get the chance to tour around Bali, please do. There are much better places than Sanur, and we visited Lovina, Candidasa and Ubud, staying overnight in each location. Went dolphin watching in Lovina ................ the boats go at 6am, but it was worth it.All in all it was a really good holiday, and in my opinion, The Puri Santrian is a good 3 star hotel. Friendly staff, great gardens, nice pool , but lacking a certain something.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>cookla
<Content>Wouldnt go back       Puri Santrian  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	3	2	3	

<Author>SabreenaH
<Content>How anyone could fault this hotel in anyway would have to be a complete whinger. From our first day a the hotel to the last day I couldnt fault this hotel. The staff were always smiling and friendly. The food at breakfast was superb, although when I left after being there for 10 days I found I developed a severe case of ' Bali large [--]... The food was so nice and since we had a free breakfast deal we 'pigged' out big time. The afternoon teas were scrumptious too.We also lunch at Donalds on the Beach and Donalds on the main street outside of the hotel. Plus Magos and Kembali down the road a bit. I have never enjoyed myself so much on an overseas holiday... Had some clothes made at 'The Ritz' tailor he is located outside of the Puri turn left and walk up the street he is opposite near the supermarket. Make sure you barter too.... this is most important.Finally I found the only rude people at the hotel were the europeans, mainly the Germans ...  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Klausybaby
<Content>Beautiful!       The beach from the main pool  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LLogie
<Content>Super Beach Front Location We recently stayed at Puri Santrian (left on 7th August 08). We were 2 families with 5 children between us (aged 16, 14, 14, 11 and 11).The hotel was good - we didnt actually eat in the hotel as there are so many much cheaper places to eat dinner outside the hotel. The beach was lovely - the staff kept it clean and tidy.The children seemed to enjoy themselves - they made use of the variety of watersports on offer on the beach. We also took a trip to Tanjung Benoa where they were able to have a go at tubing and flying fish.We did a few trips which we booked ourselves with the people outside the hotel - much cheaper than using the tour operators.We did feel that turtle island was a waste of money and somewhat depressing - not really worth the seasickness at all - also the snorkelling was quite poor the day we went - maybe due to the rough seas but those of us who did brave the water were very disappointed.The kids really enjoyed Waterbom in Kuta - a really good day out for them.The weather was fab - really great to have a holiday where we didnt have any rain.All in all a really super holiday - the hotel is a great base - very comfortable and clean - if you are going there you will have a superb time.The only down side was the flight out - the timings were changed since we booked and we ended up with a 7 hour wait in Doha - a real drag, fortunately we flew via Singaport on the way back - much much better!!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LNB37
<Content>Fantastic! We (me, husband, 13yr old and 7yr old daughters) for 10 nights in July and loved it.The hotel grounds, pools and staff are superb. Our rooms were clean and comfortable. We stayed in the Garden Wing (near to reception) and would be happy to do so again. The Spa is out of this world, we had free jet lag massages and thought we had died and gone to heaven!Our only complaint is that the drains in the bathrooms smelt really bad, so we always kept the doors to the bathrooms closed (as one does anyway, so not really a problem). We did tell reception about this and the smell did improve (drains cleaned out perhaps??) but did not disappear altogether. Having said that, this was our only complaint and frankly not a big enough problem to ask for a room change, remember Bali is in the third world so one shouldn't expect western standards on everything!!The hotel beach was lovely, even when the tide was out the kids went wild looking at all the starfish, hermit crabs, shells etcetera. We didn't swim in the sea, the pools were just too good!!Shopping in Sanur was great, although more expensive than Kuta. In fact we found the stall holders less pushy in Kuta so preferred to shop there. Restaurants in Sanur were also more expensive but we really enjoyed eating all over the place, Kuta included. In Sanur we particularly enjoyed the Wayan bar and grill. The beach front restaurant in the Puri Santrian was outstanding although expensive (by Bali standards, but hey, that is what you get when you eat in a hotel).I have already recommended this hotel to just about everyone who asks how our trip was. I would gladly stay here again, although I would ask to check out the bathrooms first. This hotel only has a 3 star rating, I think it is the bathrooms that let it down, also minor things like towels being old and not very soft, poor internet access etc. I couldn't care less about these sorts of minor details. What is important to me is the hotel surrounds, location, pools, staff and cleanliness and comfort of the rooms and on these points the hotel more than delivers. If you are looking for all the extras that a luxury 5 star hotel provides then this isn't the hotel for you. If you are a family or a couple on a bit of a budget looking for an above average hotel then this is the one. I hope this helps, we chose this hotel based on the outstanding reviews we read here!Enjoy!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	5	2	

<Author>brammieBelgium
<Content>Balinese looks; western charm Puri Santrian was our first contact with Bali. We stayed here for 3 nights. All in all it was a mixed experience. The garden, reception and staff friendliness were outstanding, while the food (breakfast  lunch) and the rooms (we even had a rat staying in our room...) were mediocre, simply too western to experience a true Bali feeling.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	1	4	5	-1	

<Author>Troubleonline
<Content>pleasant Puri       Boats on the beach near Puri Santrian  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>ShropshireHelly
<Content>beautiful hotel with friendly staff and great food       club pool  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ann069
<Content>very relaxing we stayed at the puri santrian at the beginning of june 2008. what a lovely hotel for relaxation. We could not fault the service or the breakfast . There was a lovely chef who used to cook omelettes ,fried eggs etc. The only fault we found was,they could have done with a bar area in the reception area which was big enough to accommodate a bar. We ate at the beach restaurants to the right of the hotel on the beach.They are three very good and cheap serving excellent food. In the evenings we went out to the front of the hotel ,turned right and there are a number of very good restaurants. We found one called Kembali which was our favourite.The staff were very friendly and the chef was just brilliant. Nothing was too much trouble for them,the chef would always come and talk to us and ask our views on his meals. We would definately go back to Sanur in Bali.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>brandenburg5
<Content>enjoyed our stay in Sanur and the Santrian Club We stayed for four nights in the Club wing of the Santrian. It was the cheapest place we stayed in Bali, and definitely the least lavish, but we still enjoyed it. The room was nice, with a comfortable bed and a large balcony. The bathroom area was a little dark, but our only real complaint about the room was that the storage was very poor - it was amazing to see furniture which was so poorly designed for clothing, for example a very large cabinet which contained only a single tiny drawer! But for a short stay this was no real problem.The beach restaurant is very good - especially the Japanese food including the sushi - though the service is a little slow.Breakfast is OK, with a fair amount of choice, but not spectacular.The grounds and various pools are lovely, and we found the staff friendly and helpful.There were two PCs set up for guests - not enough, and the internet connection was very unreliable, which was in fact a problem wherever we went in Bali.This is a large(ish) hotel which caters for Europeans on package holidays but it never felt impersonal. We would probably go back though we might choose someplace a bit more elegant next time.The hotel has opened the Mezzanine restaurant which we didn't particularly enjoy, but their sister hotel (the Griya Santrian) has a fantastic Italian restaurant called the Village - well worth taking a short taxi ride to go there.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	1	

<Author>AmericaninManila
<Content>Not Perfect Puri Santrian       brick beach walk- good for bikes  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alexbuc
<Content>Honeymoon in Bali       special dinner place  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>missT74
<Content>Very nice family owned hotel We spent 4 nights at the start and 3 nights at the end of our 2 week holiday here. In between we travelled to the Gili islands (highly recommended). We really enjoyed our stay here- the rooms (Club rooms) are big with huge 4 poster beds and nice clean bathrooms. On our return we did have to request to move as the bedroom smelled very musty but the next room was fine. The grounds of the hotel are lovely (and bug free due to regular insecticide spraying) and the beach is very nice. We found the staff helpful and friendly. The spa is fabulous with excellent value for massages. There is lovely restaurant at the front of the hotel that does great food.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>balitrav
<Content>The Putrid Santrian We too were keen to stay at this hotel based on the reviews below. We will be travelling to Bali again, but there is no way we will be staying at The Putrid Santrian.This hotel was a major disappointment. Compared to the 4 other hotels we stayed in in Bali, this one was far below average. Cannot agree enough with this statement from the previous review. We arrived at the hotel about 2pm. We were aware from our previous hotel experience that we had probably not booked a nice enough room and when we asked for an upgrade without yet seeing our room we were bluntly told no, the hotel was fully booked. So we were escorted to our Garden view room on the second floor and walked into a very small smelly room with twin beds that still hadn't been cleaned from the previous customers. There were drink bottles, rubbish and shoes (yes it's true) strewn everywhere, and the beds still had dirty sheets on them. We could not believe that they had shown us to a room that had not yet been cleaned. We still had to fit in another bed for our son in this room, and forseeing a miserable 6 days in this room we trooped back to reception. Upon insisting on an upgrade (which magically appeared after 15 minutes of negotiating) we were shown to a Bungalow room, which was admittedly better than the previous room - at least it was bigger and we could easily fit in an extra bed for our son. For our extra $25us/day we got a room that was darker than a coal miner's nostril, with a dated dank dirty bathroom. The shower curtain leaked even though we had it positioned inside the bath. It was not possible to hang up our towels each morning after showering for the next day, because we had to use them to mop up all the water on the floor. The corners of the bathroom were filthy.The surroundings of the Puri are certainly lovely and the pools are great. The grounds at night were lit beautifully, much better than the rooms in fact. We were given two pool cards with our room numbers on them to obtain towels for the pool. We were assured that we could get 3 towels each time as we obviously needed towels for all 3 of us. My husband and I ended up taking turns to get the towels, as neither of us could stand the lenghty explanations it took to get 3 towels from the attendants. Believe me the towels were no worth stealing anyway!!!We had breakfast included in the price of our room. Breakfast was OK but not fantastic like it was in our previous hotel. It was often hard to attract the attention of the staff to get our tea/coffee refilled. We can't say what other meals at the hotel were like as we didn't eat there, because we declined to contribute any more of our money to the hotel. We didn't really find the staff friendly at all, which is amazing for a hotel in Bali. They were slow and had an aura of indifference. There were some kids around but very few that spoke English so it was a bit disappointing for our son.We liked the surrounding beach cafes, restaurants and Sanur shopping. We will be staying in Sanur again (hopefully next year) but will instead choose to stay at The Segara Village. We met the manager of the Segara Village on our Elephant Safari trip and she invited (or we invited ourselves) to have a look at the hotel. After viewing the ugraded Segara Village rooms, pools and gardens we were absolutely smitten and so sorry we had discovered this paradise on our last day.Do not be taken in by the other positive reviews of the Puri Santrian and that it is Number 1 on the Trip advisor site for Sanur - you can do alot better that this dark dank outdated hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>wimbrussel
<Content>Never again Following the reviews below, we were eager to stay here. Now we wish we hadn't.This hotel was a major disappointment. Compared to the 4 other hotels we stayed in in Bali, this one was far below average.-Our room type (beach wing) was overbooked. We were offered an alleged 'upgrade' to a bungalow room. We got a smelly dark, old room with a worn-out bathroom. When I kindly informed about other options at the reception, they bluntly said it was this or nothing. Upon insiting, it took the staff more than 20 minutes to find an available room in the Santrian Club (the upscale hotel wing). I had a look at the room: it was more modern indeed, the bathroom was not the dilapidated one we had but I was expected to pay 25 USD extra (do NOT book these rooms, they are not worth the money). We declined and settled for the mediocre room.-Towels stink, both in the rooms and at the pool.-Staff is slow and unfriendly, especially in the Beach front restaurant.While paying upon leaving the hotel, I informed the recepton staff about our dissapointment. The receptionist laughed loud in my face, swiped the credit card and said 'thank you very much'.I would never come back here.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>VAM00sax
<Content>A taste of Paradise...       Dinner/Bali dance night  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Traveller0006
<Content>Simply Excellent We stayed four nights at the Puri Santrian and it was absolutely the best place to stay in Sanur. Beautiful balinese gardens; friendly, quick, gracious service; outstanding breakfasts and wonderfully relaxing. The massages at the spa are superb., and the two for one special was a treat. An ideal resort, giving one the balinese feel, great to base yourself for a holiday. Ideal for honeymooners, couples, older tourists and business people.Our only regret was that we could not stay longer as the hotel was booked out. Next time we shall book earlier and stay for longer.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Taffy99
<Content>Absolutely superb This is an utterly superb place and you cannot possibly have any complaints (unless of course you are Paris Hilton). We were upgraded to a Club Room which was huge with a 4 poster bed, separate dressing area and adjacent to a private pool/jacuzzi. The whole place emanates peace and tranquility, the gardens are beautifully laid out and maintained and there seem to be dozens of staff out permanently, just making sure that things look perfect. On the subject of staff, I found them extremely courteous and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. We did not eat in the hotel but preferred to try different places on the strip outside or on the beach, both of which are cheap, good quality and easily accessible.In short, you will not go wrong in booking this hotel. It is easily better than most 4 star hotels I have stayed in and holds its own with a 5 star hotel. If you want a relaxing spa type hotel in a fantastic setting with plentiful beach and restaurant access then just go. You will not regret it. However, if you are a crowd of twenty-somethings looking for a party holiday then forget it! You will be disappointed and not fit in.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bosso2064
<Content>Look No Further!!!!       Blue Lagoon  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jeveys
<Content>Wonderful Hotel We went to the Puri Santrian for our honeymoon last summer (August) and it was the nicest hotel we have ever stayed in. The rooms were really clean and spacious- we were in the superior room with a big balcony, four poster bed and view of the pool. The food was good and we especially like the 'afternoon tea' which was coffee and cake at 4pm! The grounds of the hotel are immaculate with a real tropical feel . You get towels to use by the pool which is nice and everywhere are beautiful orchids in pots. We usually always got a sunlounger and the weather was great- bit cloudy some days and rained one- but great temp.The pool at the front is on the beach, which isn't the most beautiful we'd seen but the hotel more than made up for it.The staff are brilliant and Bali as a whole has the friendliest people we had ever met and we have both travelled a fair bit.The hotel is in a small area with a few fantatsic restuarants and your 'Irish bar' British Pub combo! (Good cocktails in the Double Dutch Bar) but the surrounding area is not what you would call picturesque and it seems like such a contrast when you walk out of the hotel into the main road. We went to Seminyak one day (Taxi ride- 15 minutes) and I thought that had a very different feel as an area with amazing shops restuarants and bars (a lot bussier) and more cosmopolitan. Overall we had an amazing honeymoon in the Puri Santrian.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>evrenium
<Content>...beautiful puri..for a second time Second visit to Puri was even better than the last! Had a brilliant two week stay with a little sidestep to Lombok..which was quite different but utterly beautiful and still quite wild. My reccomendation for a great meal is the Mezzanine which is located at the front of the hotel street side. Staff were superb (my beers were cold anyway) food selection was massive and everything was superb. There is selection of Thai, Western, Japanese and local...the prices are a fraction more (we paid about $20 each for three course a night) but quality was there... The grounds at the hotel are very natural and sympathetic with the surrounding areas. The public areas are very clean, the beach is good and there are two main pools and santrian club pool. All staff were very helpful, courteous and happy !!!! Which goes a long way..In house sale staff Era was particularly helpful and a great asset to the hotel.Thanks Puri see you next year.evren  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>nanpoppy
<Content>Puri Santrian exceeded all expectations       pontoon pleasure  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>RogerH
<Content>Nothing special We paid extra to upgrade to a club room and we think that it really was not worth the money. Granted the room was bigger and we had a continental breakfast and afternoon tea but the main problem for us was the pool.With 60 rooms (potentially 120 people) there were only 30 sunbeds most of which had towels/books on them by 8am (people from a certain european country living up to their stereotype) and sometimes the said people would not turn up until after lunch!! One family of 4 used to get extra towels and claim 6 sunbeds.The beach area was just as bad with people putting books inside the folded up mattresses when it was raining and rush out to claim the bed when it stopped. The beach area was kept very clean and there were even staff whose job was to rake up and remove the washed up seaweed etc. The club pool is split into 2 different levels,both pools have a lot of built - in steps and seats which all have sharp edges and we were forever banging our feet and shins on them. The room itself was well laid out with loads of storeage space, a very big bed,a seperate dressing room and it was kept very clean but we did have a problem with the shower not maintaining a constant temperature and the shower drain was blocked when we arrived which resulted in a flooded bathroom the first time we used it,however it was swiftly fixed after we had reported it. The staff were all very friendly and courteous.We used the spa twice which was wonderful but the prices are in US dollars which is confusing as it is converted to rupiah when you check-out so why bother with the dollars? The grounds were absolutely amazing with lots of unusual plants and plenty of quiet seating areas and are very well maintained. Breakfast was average but spoilt for us by people smoking at the tables. Sanur village itself is a typical SE Asian village,no different from a village in say,Thailand or Malaysia with lots of restaurants,tourist trap shops,convienence stores,very uneven pavements (be very careful at night) and very mad traffic.Watch out for the Money changers, we changed money 4 times and they tried to fiddle us EVERY time.Take your own calculator and ensure that your figure is the same as what he makes it,Then count the money out VERY carefully at least twice and don't let him touch it after that. One guy tried to take off 5% commission after he had said he did not charge commission and another tried to tell me that I had a reduced rate as I wanted to change 拢20 notes!! and the other 2 tried to confuse me by hoping I could not tell the difference between a 5000 and 50000 rupiah note. Eating out in Sanur is very cheap and you are spoiled for choice,We would recommend Donald's on the beach, the Star cafe and Casa Luna, both in Sanur. Overall I'd say that the hotel is a typical SE Asian beach-resort hotel which could be just about anywhere in SE Asia,We will not be going back to Bali as It is not worth the extra flight to get there, just as well fly straight to Langkawi / Phuket etc and stay at a similar hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>rozl
<Content>Nice Hotel but Warm Beer The Positives- Lovely gardens and rooms were nice and well cleaned  stocked with water daily.- Staff were very friendly - Breakfast  Lunch both good - Plenty of good restaurants around- Lots of comfy beds/couches along the beachfrontThe negatives- YOU CANNOT GET A COLD DRINK IN THIS HOTEL !!!!!! After numerous requests for cold beer at the pool bar ( which does not serve Bintang ! ) we gave up and bought beer across the road  put it in our fridge. Cocktails were also warm even with ice in them as the ingredients used to make them were warm. Also had a warm tonic water served for lunch. In short - this is the worst pool bar we have ever come across !!! although the staff are very friendly !- Every time the kids got out of the pool their hair  bathers were covered in a green slime - although the pool looked clean enough.- Water temperature in our shower was erratic - we never knew if we were going to get a hot or cold shower.- It's also quite tricky to have a shower without flooding the bathroom which makes the floor VERY slippery.- Specific room request was not given - to cut a long story short we requested that our rooms be close to our friends rooms  that each family be given adjoining rooms. When we arrived our rooms were at opposite ends of the hotel  our friends rooms were not even next to each other let alone adjoining - an impossible situation when travelling with young children. The staff were polite and after much discussion they managed to find the exact rooms we requested which would be available the next day - hmmmmmm - Drinks  food very expensive for a Hotel of this rating.- About 3 times a week the Hotel Gardens are sprayed for bugs at around 5.30pm - BEWARE - this is a very thick smoke of who knows what chemicals - be in your room or out of the Hotel at these times- you will hear  see him coming !Sanur itself was nice  quiet but shopping was much more expensive than in Legian  Kuta. Also BEWARE any of the money changers who are advertising what seems to be a very good rate - they will try  cheat you in a number of very clever ways. We used the Kodak shop across the road to change money - they were very trustworthy.We enjoyed eating at the Cat  Fiddle and also at Donalds on the Beach ( great for a cheap Breakfast )After all that I would not recommend Sanur or the Puri Santrian to Australians as it seems to be mainly suited to Europeans who enjoy a warm beer ( no offence ! ) and are probably used to paying higher prices.Try Legian instead.Cheers Roz  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>Soavie
<Content>A perfect quirky hotel We've just returned from a 10 night stay at the Puri Santrian Hotel in Sanur and loved every minute of it - we didn't want to come home. The hotel was lovely, we upgraded to the Santrian Club rooms which are slightly bigger and have their own small pool which was very quiet and shaded. The rooms were very large, clean, with the sheets changed daily and the towels twice a day. Our room came with a massive double bed which was very comfy.The grounds are very pretty with lots of traditional statues which are decorated with flowers daily. The hotel has three pools all different with plenty of places to lounge about. My favourite place was on the huge sofas on the beach which overlooked the sea which had huge cushions and could easily fit two - I've never seen this before and it was great - a nice place to cuddle up towards the end of the day.The hotel has a thai/japanese restaurant called Mezzanine where the food was superb. A three course meal with cocktails for two came to under 拢30, this included scallops, fresh fish and the best lemongrass  mango creme brulee ever. I'd also recommend the red snapper grilled in a banana leaf with a peanang sauce - so delicious I had it twice. The food in an around the hotel was all really good, we took the advice from other reviews and went to Donalds which was great value for money and excellent food, we tended to go there for lunch as it was only next door to the hotel on the beach side and we could eat for about 拢1.50 each - try the Nasi Goreng, delicious. Other places to try are Caramel, which is only about 3 doors down from the Puri Santrian, the Village Italian restuarant in the Puri's sister hotel and in Kuta there is a chain restuarant called 'Bubba Gumps Shrimp Restuarant' which is based on the film Forrest Gump, not traditional balinese food but great fun. In the whole time we were there, there was no sign of Bali Belly, we were careful not to have ice in our drinks outside of the hotel but apart from that ate anything we wanted.Sanur is quite a quiet area compared to Kuta but we found it perfect for a relaxing time in the sun. There is lots to do if you want to, we found the organised trips very good value for money and also hired a driver for the day for 拢25 for 9 hours. He spoke perfect english and had a degree in tourism, we had an excellent day. Our favourite trip was to the Dolphin Lodge which is about a 20min drive from the hotel. Here you can spend 40 mins interacting with rescued dolphins in the sea. It cost us $69 each and was well worth it. The dolphins were very well cared for and their trainers were very knowledgeable and we had great fun. We would also recommend a visit to the Elephant Park at Taro where you can have a ride on an elephant and watch a short show. The grounds are amazing and you can spend time just watching the elephants and their mahoots washing, feeding and wandering about - I took so many photos we filled the camera memory.We would certainly recommend this hotel to anyone and are planning our next visit. The hotel has been given a 3 star rating but I think it is comparable to many 4 stars we have stayed in. The service was excellent, with all staff really friendly. The hotel operates a 'passport' where they encourage you to sign for food and drinks etc and discourages tipping (although a 10% service charge is always added to the cost) this means staff are not looking for tips and seem genuinely happy to help you. The hotel spa is amazing, we had a 10 min free massage on arrival and it was also offering a 'buy one get one free' on all treatments, so I took full advantage of this. One warning, the traditional balinese massage is fairly brutal and I'm sure I had bruises for a couple of days afterwards. I learnt my lesson and asked for the next one to be a bit more gentle.Overall, we had a brilliant holiday and Bali was the perfect place to relax in the sun. We spent 4 days in Hong Kong on our way over which broke up the travelling but came straight home - this was a test and totalled 30 hours from leaving the hotel to getting home but we'd do it again to see beautiful Bali.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>poligirlBelgium
<Content>nice beach hotel boutique style Stayed at the hotel end of march. Beautiful gardens and pools right next to the beach. Gardenwing rooms spacious but a bit outdated, bathroom tired. Beachwing rooms smaller but nicer. I especially enjoyed the location with next door to the hotel small cheap restaurants on the beach. Nothing like getting that holidayfeeling when dining with your feet in the sand. If you like a bit more upmarked restaurants, also those are very close withing walking distance to the hotel. I liked the feel of the hotel, no big buildings on the grounds. It's also easy to walk on the beach (pathway). I also enjoyed the restaurant where we had our breakfast (buffet) with a view of the pools or the sea. I also liked the hotel at night because of the beautiful lighting on the grounds.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	2	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ianjacraig
<Content>Friendly hotel in good location       Reception Puri Santrian  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>I_had_to_have_it
<Content>Balinese Paradise.....loved it!       Puri Santrian view from lounger  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>FussyCosmo
<Content>Mostly Good A nice mix of exotic beach feel and amenities. The pools were particularly nice. My husband and I were upgraded to a Club Room and the semi-private pool was really great (it is a particularly interesting pool)!Only problem was that the hotel overbooked and had to relocate us to the sister hotel for our last night. The front desk tried to tell me it was my mistake but the confirmation email I had made it clear that it was not. I would have thought it was a legitimate mistake except that another guest happened to mention that the same thing happened to him that day too!I would still give the place another chance because the atmosphere is really nice. I will say that it's not worth it to eat or have spa treatments at the hotel. The food is great at Donald's, Camera Beach Restaurant, and Bobby's Restaurant (take a right when you get to the beach; about a block). These are all half the price of eating at the hotel and wonderful!Also, Mandurah Spa is a good local feeling place 鈥?Jl. Danau Tamblingan (Grand Bali beach end) Tel : (62 361) 271502A great driver in the area is Putu Dedy Sanjaya (just call him Putu). You can call him at 085.238.102.278 or email at putu_roly@yahoo.com. We used several drivers during our stay but he was by far the best! Just a great guy all around!  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>hi3655
<Content>Best Value in Sanur       The Quiet Club Room Pool  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>ray_usenet
<Content>Excellent hotel, good value for money       The beautiful private beach of Puri  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>mistritravel
<Content>Beautiful Hotel With Dissapointing Service We stayed at Club Santrian on Jan 31st to Feb 3rd. The atmosphere was beautiful. We just think that the service staff in the restaurants need some training. They were always missing! During breakfast, guests waited too long for eggs and coffee (the waiters went missing). There was nobody tending the place. We also waited too long to order drinks and paying bills at the beach restaurant. The most dissapointing moments for us was that we booked honeymoon package which include 'One Romantic Candle-lit Dinner by the Beach'. We have reminded the staff in the afternoon while having drinks by the beach about our dinner on that night, Feb 2nd. They confirmed that we would have a sit at the gazebo (dinner by the beach). When we reached the restaurant, there was another couple sitting there!!! The couple did reserve for a dinner that day but ours suppose to be special! To think that we booked in advance way before them and we paid more (Club Santrian). A staff said that they made a mistake. We were sitted at the table inside, far from the beach. They did apologize for the mistake but that is all. Poor service!  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	3	2	3	1	

<Author>alfie50
<Content>brilliant Hotel       Sanur Puri Santrian Hotel  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Pollys_Adelaide
<Content>We would definitely go back       Hotel restaurant by the beach  
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>JAFSydney
<Content>Great hotel We have just returned from Bali and had a week at Puri Santrian, we stayed in Club Santrian rooms and the rooms were very spacious and facilities were excellent. My only critism was that we were on the 3rd floor and there was no lift and I struggled on occasion with the stairs. The staff were extremely friendly and helpful. Sanur is a quite location and does not have the hub of Kuta / Legian area although you can access excellent resturants within walking distance. I had a spa which was a pleasant experience but you could possibly get it cheaper outside the hotel. We really didn't get hassled by sellers at all which was good.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Retired0207
<Content>Lovely Hotel Lovely grounds and pool areas. Beach rooms are dark and gloomy, linen/towels could do with replacing. Bathrooms in need of refurb but would still recomment this hotel and stay here again. Staff very friendly. Pool bar very popular especially at happy hour. Personally don't like Indonesian food but cakes fabulous and breakfast okay. Top tip get up early to get a sun lounger, seems that pool man may be earning a few rupiah by reserving for some guests - you know who you are. Evening dance entertainment excellent.Very friendly place, clean well kept and beautiful gardens which are sprayed each evrening to keep insects at bay, beach lovely -slopes a bit into sea but quite fun getting in and out.Best in Sanur and good value.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellavr
<Content>Fantastic Hotel We have just returned from 12 nights at the Puri Santrian and have nothing bad to say about it.The rooms were lovely (we had Beach), big enough, nice bathroom, cleaned meticulously every day, with free water thrown in. I have seen alot of reviews on this site complaining that the rooms were very dark - this is because it is the tropics and all rooms are designed to avoid the sunlight - it keeps the rooms cool. I did not have a problem at all, the airconditioning worked wonderfully as well. When I go back I might ask for a room on the ground floor as we had a 3rd floor room - though it had a great view!The swimmming pools were lovely - not being sun loungers we only used one in the evenings - a very nice pool with the bar in it - marvelous. The bar staff were very friendly and the gin and tonics fabulous! There seemed plenty of sun loungers but I never used them, so dont know if there were enough. There were some lovely pavillions and other seating areas both around the pool, on the beach and in the water, so if you like that sunbathing sort of thing I would think you would be very happy.I got a massage or two outside of the hotel (left along the beach), very nice, great view down the beach while having a great massage - I can recommend that - much cheaper than the Spa.We were on a diving holiday and this was certainly a lovely base for diving, close to Bali Scuba who were very good, professional and friendly dive operators.The buffet breakfast at the hotel was very comprehensive with the omelette man being a feature every morning. We did go to Donalds right along the beach a couple of times - cheaper, set menu rather than buffet, and right on the beach, but so many early morning starts to go diving meant that the hotel was more convienent.We ate out every evening, choosing resturants outside the hotel, though we did eat in the Mezzinine which was fabulous - seemed expensive but was mostly about 拢15 a head! I ate local food every night and had some varying expereinces, but certainly there is enough variety. If you are keen for a more English feel, there is the Cat and Fiddle, just left out of the hotel on the street, or further up in Sanur proper there is a bar called Jimmy's which is where the old expats seem to drink - a bit weird but the beer was out of the freezer and the FA cup highlights were on! My husband was made up!It did not seem to be alot for younger people do to in the eveings (they went into Kuta for 拢3 in a cab!), but certainly enough for my husband and I. the Cat and Fiddle had a band every night (sometimes a rather bizarre Balinese Irish band!) and the Trophy pub opposite also had live music.All in all an excellent hotel which we will be going back to in the mola mola season so I can dive with the mola mola.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sonya19
<Content>Quite satisfied We stayed at the hotel for two weeks in June 2007, booking through a travel agency. Since this was our 5th time in Sanur, Bali during the recent years, we have seen the hotel before walking often on th promenade by the beach and liked the shaded gardens and beachfront. The location, being at quite a distance from the central part of the beach with restaurants is a bit of a disadvantage. Before we ususally ate dinner at the beach restaurants and during the last stay visited the restaurants near the vicinity of the hotel, thus not breathing some cool ocean air in the evenings. However, Donald's in front of the hotel has excellent food and good service with low prices. Returning to the hotel, the room was quite average, we had a so-called superiour whcih was just slightly larger, but it overlooked the kitchen, so we couldnt use the balcony. I tried changing the rooms, but the garden or beach near the pool which the hotel proposed was quite small, so we stayed at the one we got. It was cleanen every day, too and this was ok. Breakfast ok, but the buffet at Griya Santrian where we stayed before and was my favorite so far had a better one. I liked the rooms in Griya Santrian more than the ones in Puri Santrian. Furniture was fresher. However, the big advantage in Puri Santrian was I think the best beach/ pool infrastructure. We especially enjoyed the shaded beachfront and the beach gazebo. My husband being allergic to the sun could not usually stay at the beach with me, but this tome he spent hours in the gazebo at the beach , so this was a big advantage. Hotel gardens are very well kept and very nice, but you can say that about many of the hotels in the Sanur beachfont - Griya , Shanti etc. Service was ok, The whole stay was really nice, but we had a quite bad experience at the last moment when we were leaving after a very successful holiday. We paid in the morning for all the extras at the reception and placed the confirmation of payment by accident somewhere in our suitcase. When we went to leave our keys with our bags at the reception it turned out hat the hotel receptionist did not record it in the hotel register and they told us we did not pay. It was quite an upsettig experience, we had to unpack our bag looking for the confirmation of payment (this was just for some phone calls, since we came on a package tour). We presented the receipt and they realized it was a mistake. They also charged us for someone else's room. A total mixup, which doesn't do them much credit. Anyway, I was quite upset with the whole situation and they didn't even apologize properly.Overll I think I prefer Griya Santrian from the two sister hotels, but maybe it's because I did not have any bad experience there. However, even with the situation we had we would probably still come again and stay at Puri Santrian, since I consider it as one of the two best hotels with Griya in Sanur. Sanur is a lovely place to stay and Bali is one of the most magical places in the world. Just to add, I am regularily using the opinions from trip advisor and thanks t them I do not make mistakes in choosing the hotels when I travel.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	2	4	-1	

<Author>LexLuthor
<Content>Superb Place We stayed at the Puri for 2 weeks in September for our Honeymoon and had a great time. I'll try to include everything that we did but may not because I was gutted to come back to the UKHotel: The greeting at the hotel was first class it was a sweltering day but they offered us cool towels and check in was a doddle. we were given a 'passport' which included various items like discounts to restaurants that the hotel are connected with and towel cards.the porters were polite and always had a smile on their faces. we had packed quite a few items but were amazed when he sprinted up to our room suitcase in each hand without breaking a sweat!the grounds of the hotel were great with a nice fountain with fish and various fruit trees growing in the grounds.Room: the room were spacious (we stayed in the Club) the shower worked fine, I didn't use the bath so can't comment on that. the bed was huge and comfortable. the a/c worked great and didn't make too much noise. we even had a cake and fruits left for us as a 'welcome' gift. however because we were so jet lagged we fell asleep on the first day and when i got up at 4am in the morning ants had invaded the cake which had been left out. no big deal as we had taken a photo of it before it got attacked! it was quickly cleaned away by room servicePool/Beach: the pools were very nice. there are 3 pools with 1 being the private pool for Club rooms. it did get annoying when people would leave towels out to reserve the beds but hey if they did this it just meant that we could take a little stroll down to the beach and relax there. the beach was nice sometimes the water would not come into shore and we did see a couple who walked out very far into the sea however we were too scared to do this and just hung out, nearer to the shore. the water was warm, but we didn't go swimming in there, just dipped our feet in.Food: the hotel had the Mezzanine which we ate at once, very nice food and of a high quality was a little more money than a restaurant on the 'strip' but worth a visit. we tended to try a different place every night which you can do with so many restaurants. my favorites were Donald's both the beach side and outside the Puri, Bobby's which was next to Donald's on the beach, and i think it was called Ryoshi which was a Japanese restaurant which did the best platter of Sushi I have ever had. only one bad meal just because we had to wait for what seemed like an eternity for our orders to be taken but i don't think it would be fair of me to say which one it was.Entertainment: there was a lady that came round asking if we wanted to go to a dinner and dance held at the hotel which had traditional Balinese dancing and we were going to go but canceled due to unforeseen circumstances mainly me drinking too much the night before. I made it up to my new wife though as another restaurant had a dancers while you ate.the hotel had a band on pretty much everyday who were great and take requests for songs. there is always something to do and loads of shops to go to. Hardy's is halfway up the 'strip' which had essentials and 3 floors of goods. there are a few smaller supermarkets which were adequate however. Currency: I was really worried about currency before we went so changed some in the UK and carried American dollars with us. we tried a few money changers but found the best to be the sister hotel of the Puri the Griya Santrian which was past Hardy's and they usually had the same if not better currency exchange than the smaller vendors. we never changed at the roadside sticking mainly to the well lit shops. What to look out for: We went to Kuta for a day which was great if you are in to urfing as they had really nice waves. However we did get stopped by someone who was giving away scratch cards for prizes which you could 'win' miraculously I had won the 'star' prize and was told to collect my 'winnings' from a newly built hotel in Denpasar. suffice to say we walked out at that moment. so if you do get stopped and they are everywhere in Kuta a polite 'no' will be fine and if it sounds too good to be true as they say it usually is.Trips: we took a few trips but the best was the volcano tour which we booked through our rep I think it would have been cheaper from outside of the hotel but for piece of mind we booked through the rep. Really nice day trip which lasted all day amazing views and such rich history as you get to see all the temples and wood carvers to name but a few.Overall the best holiday that we have been on and perfect for our honeymoon. the hotel or resort may not have been the busiest but we found it perfect for a getaway. We would definitely go back if given the chance  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sushanth
<Content>Pure Bliss We were on our Honeymoon this November and after reading a lot of reviews we decided to stay in Puri Santrian. To start with Sanur is a quite part of Bali and thus it is perfect for people who are looking for a quite getaway or a relaxing holiday.We stayed for 6 nights here and it was so nice and relaxing. We stayed at the beach bunglow and its very close to the pool and the beach. Do not forget to eat at these three great beach restaurants namely Cemara,Donalds and Bobby's right next to the hotel (as you get on to the hotel beach walk right). We almost ate everyday at one of these restaurants. Very resonably priced.The hallmark of our visit was our driver DEAN. He made our trip perfect, very friendly, amazingly honest and knows every corner of Bali like the back of his hand. We got his contct through tripadvisor forums. But for the benefit of the readers you can visit his wesite www.balisbestdriver.com or his email id is [--]. You might have to book him much in advance as he is usually reserved. But you can be rest assured that he will take care of you for the entire trip.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TheOtherTraveller
<Content>Good place, but a little unfriendly ! Well, we went to this place with some good expectations, which were met to a considerable extent .. I must say that the club house which they have, slightly more expensive, may not really be all that much worth .. it was quite a pain to climb up two floors after you've had a long day  a good drink !Why 'unfriendly' ?? They all 'show' this great attitude to help  all that, but when it comes to the real thing .. kind'a back out .. especially on the day of check out .. !! quite unfortunate .. and really uncalled for !One small case : at breakfast you have this standard, big, breakfast line-up, like most good hotels do .. during ours, suddenly, this woman walks up to me with a bill, saying you have taken one item from the 'other' section (which was baked beans, incidentally and was not 'included' in the continental breakfast, don't know how one knows that .. probably some fine print somewhere .. ), and that called for more more billing, so I was made to 'sign' on a bill when I was having breakfast !! She says I'm not 'allowed' to have food from the 'other' section .. ! quite pathetic .. 'cos this 'other' section is not exactly differentiated in any way ! and then there's no place for me .. even at the reception counter .. to put a note as a suggestion as well !! :(This is only one some such cases .. now the issue is not about having to pay more .. its just that this makes you have an unnecessary feeling of discomfort .. and that's really not called for when you're there for a holiday !!On the day of check in we had come in really late, so had missed out on our 'complimentary' tea .. the day of check out we had to leave late, but had checked out owing to their 'strict' checkout timings .. now this should have come from them itself, but still we asked if we could have our missed 'complimentary' tea as we were going to be around till a little later. Unfortunately this too, was turned down ! (ouch !) It could've just been a simple goodwill gesture .. and the frustration over things like no daily shampoo changes, etc would have been ironed out .. but alas .. they were just out to ruin our mood ! This does come as an anticlimax to the reviews written here, but I thought I should share my experiences for the benefit ( maybe prior warning) to my fellow travellers ! Maybe some attitude change is required .. its a family owned chain, so don't know how that would happen anyways !Thanks for the patient hearing ! :)  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	4	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>Karen&Ben
<Content>Absolutely Amazing The Puri Santrian is stunning - a real paradise! My husband and I stayed there for our honeymoon and fell in love with the hotel.The gardens are filled with palm trees, exotic flowers, trees, waterfalls and Hindu statues. There are three beautiful 'lagoon' style swimming pools and a private beach with floating pontoons that you can swim out to. The beach/garden wing rooms are quite basic, but absolutely fine. The staff are all really friendly and the service/housekeeping is excellent. The food is great, but it is a lot more inexpensive to eat at one of the local restaurants down the beach (Donalds was the best vaule for money!). The beer is really cheap, but spirits are more expensive - a gin and tonic can cost more than your main meal (but still only works out about two pounds!). If you stay at this hotel, make sure you treat yourself to a massage at the spa, amazing.The resort itself is good - very laid back, nice beach, lots of restaurants, handicraft shops, a supermarket (Hardys) and friendly locals, just watch out for the street sellers who don't take no for an answer and get quite annoying! If you pick Sanur, stay at the Puri Santrain, as it is the best hotel there by far.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Itch-4-Travel
<Content>Beautiful Hotel       Club pool area  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	4	2	

<Author>Bubble1998
<Content>Absolutely beautiful       The pool  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>anne75015
<Content>Excellent! My husband and I stayed there in a club room while I was 5-6 month pregnant. After having visited Ubud and the surroundings, I wanted a nice place to stay, sleep, read, relax by the swimming pool. We truly had a wonderful stay. The room was very nice, large, well decorated, comfortable and of course spotless (bathroom too), next to the club pool which is small but calm and quiet which is what I was looking for. It was so nice I even did not try the big pool. Tropical gardens are lovely, staff was helpful and friendly. Breakfast was OK with lots of choice, restaurant is nice although we did have better and tastier food in some places in Ubud. I really enjoyed the place although the beach was not fantastic but Bali is not popular for its beaches. Now we wish to come back there with our 3 year old son!  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>bergrum
<Content>Loved it! Great place for a wedding! We stayed at this hotel as we were attending a wedding there. The wedding was incredibly well organised and the day went off without a hitch. The resort staff really knew how to put on a seemless wedding. The resort itself is great, you dont have to leave if you dont want! Pool was awesome, great poolbar, but recommend to get your towel there by 8-9am if you want a good spot around the pool. Spa was amazing, felt like we were stepping into somewhere 5star! Great location, some cheap and lovely resturants and night spots just out the front of the resort. Only problem we had was that they were at 100% occupancy so we were allocated a twin bedded room, after the first night they pushed them together and it was fine for the rest of the stay. Our toilet did overflow twice and the shower wasnt the greatest pressure wise...but hey, i think thats Bali! Definately a great resort, higher than a 3 star rating. Highly recommended  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MiaBournemouthUK
<Content>Great Hotel Just returned from 2 weeks in the Far East. We upgraded to the Club Rooms of the hotel which was well worth it. You also benefit from a free continental breakfast , afternoon tea and cakes. Exclusive use of the Club Rooms own swimming pool, plus three others which are available to all guests. Beautiul hotel and grounds. Only downside, beware when changing money outside of hotel 10,000 and 100,000 notes are very similiar in colour and money changers will rip you off if they can!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>prymac
<Content>Excellent staff and location My husband and I got married in the Puri Santrian hotel in Dec 06. We booked through Thomson, and our wedding was arranged through Kuoni. Our original Hotel was the Inna Grand Bali in the north end of Sanur. I read the reviews about it on here and phoned Kuoni for a change of location explaining that if it were a normal holiday it might have been ok to stay there; but as it was our wedding...NO WAY. We visited Inna Grand Bali and boy were we pleased that we'd changed to the Puri Santrian, the contrast was night and day.The restaurants and choice of food served in the Puri Santrian is varied and tasty. The only thing that irritated me were the flies but you can't do anything about them, oh and the Gamelan musicians who played every morning as you ate your breakfast, unfortuneately you can't do anything about them either.......The grounds of the hotel were well maintained, the gardens were manicured and the fallen flowers were continually swept up. Our room was cleaned every day, with bottled water left for us each day. There was a little mini market across the road from the hotel and we stocked up on juice and crisps etc and put them in the fridge in our room. The staff were extremely friendly and honest. This end of Sanur offers more shops, bars and restaurants than the Inna Grand Bali end and isn't as run down either. The staff of the Puri Santrian could not have been more helpful or pleasant, one of the porters at the main gate could speak 7 languages!! We were lucky enough to persuade the Honorary British Consul Mark Wilson to be our best man.....He owns the Cat  Fiddle restaurant across the road from the Hotel and his food, entertainment and staff are also highly recommended. If anyone is planning to get married here I'd suggest this hotel without hesitation; but please organize your Certificates of No Impediment in the UK before you go it's much cheaper we saved about 拢100 doing it at home.The locals have phenomenal memories, they remember you after 1 sighting. They can be a bit annoying by badgering you to come into their shops, offering manicures, massages etc. We got ripped off by the Blue Cabs on our last day going into Denpasar, they took a really long road turning a 15 minute journey into about 45 mins, when I pointed this out the driver didn't speak english; agree a price before you get in the cab. The other thing about their cars is that they aren't all upto British MOT standard, our local hotel taxi was falling to bits, I wouldn't get into a car at home in that condition, but we'd agreed the cost before it arrived. I was waiting for the wheel to fall off as we went to Kuta.All in all we had the best holiday possible staying at this hotel and resort. I'd recommend this hotel to anybody, Oh and the Kuoni rep who organized our wedding did Melinda Messengers wedding for her when she got married in the Bali Hyatt. Our holiday rep who went by the name Sting gave us a beautiful Bali throw for a wedding present and Kuoni presented us with a beautiful hand carved ebony wall plaque of the Balinese Romeo  Juliette with our names and wedding date carved into it. We did a few tours when we were there, we went white water rafting, followed by the elephant safari. We did the sunset tour of the Temple at Tanah Lot. We saw more Temples than I'd thougth were possible to see on such a small island, but all in all we'll go back to Bali again and will stay in this hotel. Mr  Mrs Mac  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>CarolNorthernIreland
<Content>An excellent hotel Stayed for one week in October in the Club Rooms, although would have been happy to have stayed in any other of the hotels rooms situated around the beautiful gardens. Only complaint we heard from other guests was about people booking sun beds early in the morning. We always managed to find beds though and preferred the main pool/beach area where it was cooler than the Club pools.Would recommend this hotel to all age groups.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>pattoche
<Content>perfect for dutch and german sunlounge lovers Stayed there with my partner from 21st sept till 6th october.Here are some facts that might help you decide:- clean and comfortable rooms set in a magnificent garden, especially at night when lighted- very nice swimming pools, but beware of all those selfish people who put their towels early in the morning, even if they don't plan to use the sunlounge- poor beach and poor sea, unfit for a good swim- gorgeous spa and massage center, much more expensive than a beach massage- restaurants average and overpriced- friendly staff and rapid serviceWe stayed in Sanur as a base for exploring the island.My main advice to all travelers (wherever they stay in Bali) is to avoid spending their time exclusively on the hotel premices (especially for europeans and americans, pls spare yourself the very long flight if you plan to stay on the pool side, there are cheaper and nearer destinations to do that).Get yourself a driver and a guide and explore the island, its breathtaking landscapes, its temples and palaces. Let the guide introduce you to the elaborate balinese version of hinduism, the numerous handicrafts.Don't hesitate to contact us if you want to know more.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>dottieontour
<Content>Puri Santrian hotel I recently stayed at the Puri Santrian hotel in Sanur, Bali, and can heartily recommend it. This is a hotel that understands the needs of its mainly western guests. I was in one of the bungalows in the beautiful gardens - there was a lovely big bathroom which was partially outdoors (but netted against mosquitoes) with plants growing in one corner. The room was very clean and the male maid was happy to give us more coffee making materials when we asked him. The hotel facilities were great: the swimming pools were lovely, there were enough sun loungers both by the pool and along the beach, the restaurant food was good (mainly western food available) and the breakfast buffet great (so you didn't have to eat for most of the day!). All the staff were very friendly and helpful. There was a canoe for guests to use (free) and 2 floating pavilions anchored just off the beach. The beach itself wasn't wow and not really suitable for swimming at low tide. The reef which is visible on the horizon looked dramatic. There was a nice promenade along the whole of Sanur beach so you could amble along at dusk to do some shopping and eat/drink at the many other places nearby. Sanur town was full of tourist oriented shops and restaurants but had a nice quiet atmosphere. Many honeymooners were staying at the hotel but I would have been quite happy to stay on my own. The atmosphere was peaceful but there was enough to keep most non-party people occupied. I didn't have any spa treatments at the hotel so I can't comment on that but I did join the Balinese evening. This was quite expensive but very well done, with a good buffet, a big gamelan orchestra and interesting dances, with explanations given by a compere. I would recommend it for someone who doesn't have a lot of time to investigate Balinese music and dance elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PerthWce9
<Content>Puri Santrian - Best Hotel in Sanur!!! Not sure how this hotel has only been rated a two star ????? The Puri is fantastic in every way - its a quality hotel with great rooms, good food, lovely pools, lush gardens, friendly staff and great spa. We have just returned from our 7 night stay in one of the club rooms - fantastic and definitely worth the extra few dollars. During our stay in Bali we visited a lot of other hotels in Sanur and noticed the lack of quality compared to the Puri straight away, and these hotels were not that much cheaper. We had friends staying in these lesser quality hotels, many ended up with bali belly due to the poor quality food.Prior to our holiday we were a bit worried about the location of the puri as people were saying its down the quieter end of sanur and away from all the action. This is true, the puri is located down the quiet end however, this is what made our holiday! The fact that we could be totally relaxed and free from noise. However, if we wanted to go to the busier end to try different restaurants and more shopping, it was only a cheap taxi fare away - $1.50 (10,000 rup) - we definitely had the best of both worlds!!!So glad we chose this hotel for our stay in Bali - definitely the best in Sanur - loved it!!!!  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MarkIreland
<Content>Not a large commercial run hotel - set in Paradise Just returned frm Bali, staying at the Puri santrian. First impressions of Bali - I was expecting pure white sand and large luxury rooms. Not quite, but the fact that the beach gets a little messy with seaweed does not detract from its location. The rooms a little smaller than expected, but I think I was influenced on coming from a 5 star hoten in Bangkok. After one day we really liked our beach wing room. Clean, tidy, well serviced. Expect to get a small gecko/lizard in the room - they are impossible to keep out, they dont bother with you and its hard to see them. If you get one they only make a small distinctiive noise during the night - but at least they dont scurry around the room. I'm a bit paranoid about insects etc. in foreign countries, but this didn't put me off at all.The gardens all around the complex make the place look like a paradise. The staff could not be friendlier and really go out of their way to provide good service. everyone smiles and greets you everytime to see them.Having not been in Bali before, I was surprized at how poor the locals are - so a few small tips mean alot to hotel staff such as the people who clean your room, at restaurants etc..The pools are just fantastic. I visited the Bali Hyatt, just up the beach a bit - you could not compare. Puri Santrian is far better, cleaner, prettier. As with everything Bali is cheap. I found it quite difficult to get a good restaurant, for us, we preferred to spend a bit more to get the better ones.Everyone seems to say Donalds is good. There are 2. One on the beach and 1 just outside the front enterance. In my opinion, dont waste your time going to the beach one - it takes on average 30mins to get a small breakfast to the table and we were the only ones in the place! The one at the front entrance - is very good good - the steaks I recommend. Again just outside the front entrance - is the Cat  Fiddle. The name put me off at first, so we disnt bother going to it. But we found out that it really has good food, good folk music in the evening and is good for breakfast. The owner has alot of experience in the catering industry ( also has an interesting background - read the back of the menu) - so this experience has been used in this little restaurant / pub. The Mezzanine - part of the Puri Santrian - is also good, although a bit more expensive and some parts of the menu can be dissapointing. You never seem to get good portions of meat or fresh veg. and the local indedonesian dishes can be just ok.The weather was dry all the time we were there. Quite bearable and with plently of shade you can suit most tastes. If you want any photos - let me know.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NLOR
<Content>Fantastic !!!!       Room  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>brightonsummer
<Content>wish i was still there       view from breakfast!  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sarah_262
<Content>Fab time all round Well a few things i need to mention about both the Hotel and bali itself:Bali: When you get to the Airport porters will approach you to Help with your cases - once through passport control they will see if you need money changing and once they know that you have currency they will then request a tip!!!!!!! So be warned when they approach you just tell them you can manage your own cases !!I would recommend a tour of the Island - Paddy Fields, Volcano, Temples - they are something else!As for the hotel - the grounds are as fabulous as the website make out - Pools, altough didnt actually get in to one, are lovely but the beach has just a nice breeze coming over which helps you to sunbath most of the day without getting to hot and bothered! The rooms are pretty basic but thats all you need however the Showers are one thing that I'm not going to miss, took along time to get to the right temp, then along time to get your whole head wet to wash hair etc... this was the only annoyance that we had while we were there.The staff were great, really friendly and helpful. Nightlife - ideal for honeymooners and families, if your looking for really good night life this is not (sanur) the place to stay this resort is very quiet - however if you do go there are some fab places to eat: Donalds and theres one opposite Donalds just set back (well worth going to). And for a few drinks theres a bar just outside the grounds turn left its the first one you come to - staff really friendly!!!  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heath77
<Content>Perfect Honeymoon in a beautiful hotel The Puri Santrian is a beautiful Balinese style hotel in a good location. I read many reviews on hotels in Bali before booking Puri Santrian and we were certainly not disappointed. We booked a Club room as it was our Honeymoon, although the Bungalows looked just as nice. The Club rooms come with free breakfast, private pool area and afternoon tea with fresh cakes (beware of your waistline expanding)! We never used the private pool as it was quite shady, we tended to use the main pool by the restaurant, however it was nice to sit on our balcony in the evening and look out over the Club pool area with its lush gardens and romantic lighting. Staff are friendly, the grounds are immaculate and well tended, a lady goes round every morning with a basket of frangipani flowers placing them all around the hotel, a nice touch! Hotel prices were higher than other restaurants in the area as expected, but the quality of the food in the Hotels Mezzanine Restaurant was far greater. Sanur is a fairly quiet area of Bali, but there is enough going on to keep you entertained in the evening. We liked the live bands in Double Dutch and The Cat and Fiddle. We visited Kuta one evening and found it to be full of young teenage backpackers, good for one night out. Be prepared to be pestered by locals selling everything from taxis to massages, they seem to prey on the new arrivals but once you say 'no thankyou' they understand.Do I wish we were still there? Definately Would we return? Hopefully  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RVCowper
<Content>Puri Santrian just perfect the Puri Santrian is a beautiful hotel set in tropical gardens and standard of accomodation and facilities is more like 4*plus. We upgraded to a club room and were not disappointed. Afternoon tea was served with a good choice of patisserie cakes and tarts which were delicious and all staff were very efficient and extremely friendly.Sanur beach was beautiful and there were plenty of restaurants nearbyserving excellent food at very reasonable prices. Apakabars (turn right out of the hotel cross the mini roundabout and than 200yds on the left) was one of our favourites. Food was good quality especiallythe 'magibung' (a selection of indonesian dishes) and the seafood platter. Also Jerry served the best and cheapest cocktails in Samur!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>GreensHull_England
<Content>Excellent honeymoon location Excellent honeymoon location. We stayed for 8 nights after a short stay in Singapore. Very relaxing, the pools are lovely and the beach was nice too. The meals at the beachside restaurant are lovely - and very good value for money. There is a separate menu for during the day and on an evening and both have plenty of choice. We didn't have breakfast at the hotel, instead we went to Donalds on the beach for an American breakfast - again great value. We only ate in the Mezzanine restaurant on our last night and wished that we had discovered it sooner. We had a fantastic set meal - the seafood teppanyaki which was delicious, and there was plenty of it. This restaurant is more expensive than the local beachfront restaurants and pub meals - but in terms of quality of food and setting, well worth it. We have only one negative comment about the hotel and that was the cleanliness of the beach. We arrived after a spell of unseasonably bad weather, which had brought in a fair bit of detritus from the sea. This wasn't cleaned up for a couple of days and meant that we weren't inclined to enter into the sea for a couple of days as it meant walking over the rubbish. Like I say, it was cleared after a couple of days and shouldn't be a problem for future visitors.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>englishdaisy
<Content>Fantastic!       view from breakast  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>RickSam
<Content>Perfect escape The hotel and service was perfect and worth far more than 3 stars. Check in was smooth and the staff were very friendly throughout our whole stay. The room was always spotless and had plenty of space. Each day your room also gets free bottled water so you can avoid the bali belly. The resort is aimed at those wanting a romantic, peaceful getaway. Not many children around which we personally saw as a major plus. The building itself looks very nice and has some grand stonework which looks even better in the night-light. There is a nice selection of shops and food onsite, the breakfast included in your stay has a great choice and a lot of foods are cooked to order infront of you (omelettes etc). They also offer room service until the early hours, however if you wanted to try a wider selection of local cuisine there are plenty of restaurants right outside the gates on the main road. (Try the Bamki Hotplate!!!)As with any holiday you need to reserve your sun lounger early in busy periods but the hotel do their best to help by not allowing towels to be hired until after 9am breakfast. The pools themselves are lovely.The onsite massage parlour is also worth a visit, all guests get a free Jet Lag 15 minute massage card, but paying for one of the more indepth treatments is well worth itThe overall feel of the place is a relaxing, clean, friendly environment where you can be at peace away from the hustle bustle of street traders. If you do wish to venture out and see some of the island, the hotel can offer good deals on tours to some of the major attractions. This can also all be added to your room bill if you wish to pay at the end of your holiday.Having toured past some of the other hotels on the island I saw no where else that compared to the Puri Santrian and we would definitely go back  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>judithcharmers
<Content>Traditional Balinese Style and Service We stayed in a beach bungalow for two weeks. It was a lovely room, very spacious, with traditional balinese furniture, which is by nature fairly simple.The daily breakfast had everything you could desire, plus if you wanted to order eggs in a certain style they would do this at no extra cost. Breakfast would usually be accompanied by two gamelan musicians playing traditional balinese music - very relaxing.It was our wedding anniversary during our stay and they presented us with a lovely chocolate cake on the day. Tasted great.We ate in the hotel at the Mezzanine on our anniversary and this was the only occassion that we did. Yes, the service and food was excellent - but was more expensive that other local eateries. Our favourites were Donalds, Stiff Chilli and Massimo.The hotel was very peaceful and the grounds and swimming pools were stunning. My husband had a couple of massages (as he always does on holiday) and said they were excellent.The hotel does not have the amenities of a four star - but the service, grounds and accomodation make it a lovely pace for a relaxing holiday.Overall we thoroughly enjoyed our stay and although was disappointed at not receiving an upgrade to the Santrian Club, did not really see what difference this would have made after having a look at the rooms / pool area.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>UKtraveller1953
<Content>A Great Hotel For our 5 night stay we had a standard garden room which was very conveniently located equidistant from the reception long house, the beach club restaurant and the pools and beach. The room was oversized, but no air con in the bathroom which got a bit steamy. Every day fresh bottled water was delivered for drinking and teeth cleaning. The room was kept spotless by the predominatly male room attendants. We had a TV with full range of international stations, fridge and tea/coffee maker with a range of herbal and fruit teas.The beach club restaurant provided excellent breakfast buffet and cooked to order eggs and omelets. We ate lunch there on 3 occasions, on one occasion taking one of the booths situated at beachside; the food was excellent and very modestly priced. We ate there once for dinner, on a special barbecue night. The other evenings we ate dinner in the more formal fine dining restaurant, with great Thai and Tappanyaki menus, a small band and the excellent service we came to expect everywhere at this hotel.Highly recommended and extremely good value.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>bg-gold
<Content>Nice place Pretty hotelSpent 10 days at the Puri at the end of Jan beginning of Feb this year. I certainly agree with all the comments that the gardens are absolutely beautiful.Remember this is a 3 star hotel and it is very easy to forget it.Club rooms 鈥?we had a deal where if we booked a bungalow room, we would receive a club room. Firstly if you have this offer, then that is all you receive - the club room but none of the benefits attached to it. i.e. priority check in, flowers and fruit in the room afternoon tea etc. We were the only ones checking in so did not have to wait anyway and being nice to the room maid saw the little pot of flower appear in our room. We were not too bothered about the fruit in the room or the afternoon tea which is only 3USD pp if you want to to have this 鈥?a pot of tea and a choice of a slice of cake between 3-5 pm.Club rooms are the highest category rooms they have (apart from 2 suites which seem to be long term booked). Please bear in mind that there are three floors and there is no lift. The rooms are large and spacious but a bit too dark. I appreciated the dark wood but the lighting was just not right and the trees outside which were wonderful to look at did not help with the light. The mirrors are not very well situated 鈥?more of a gentleman鈥檚 type room.Small adequate bathroom with a bath and separate shower - the sink is outside in the corridor which doubles up as a dressing area well sort of Anyway, I was there to enjoy the weather outside anyway. There are also a couple of adjoining swimming pools for the use of Club rooms occupants but we did not use them as I found that area a bit too claustrophobic 鈥?the other main pools overlooked the open seas and much nicer and I preferred that area.The breakfasts were lovely, they had all the normal cereal, juice, fresh fruit, pastries, breads, omelet bar, baked beans, sausages, bacon etc. I was quite happy with all the fresh fruit (yummy papayas, watermelon  pineapple!) and the fresh omelet or toast sometime. The ready made tea which they bring around is awful!. Just ask for a pot and extra tea bags if you like strong tea. We found eating upstairs better and downstairs. We tried downstairs once and did not like it - the food was in a sort of corridor and seemed too busy with people walking all the time around you!We did not eat other meals at the hotel except some snacks here and there. I am sure the food would have been fine but the dining areas were fairly empty and there was no atmosphere at all. There are a lot of bars and restaurant outside anyway and you could get a ride to another place to try different restaurants 鈥?taxis are very cheap. We would always get the legal taxis back in the night or late evening and they were not that expensive anyway.This area around Sanur is very quiet especially in the evenings so if you are looking for a bit lively area then this is not it. i.e. once you have had your dinner, there is really nothing to do鈥?will load up photos soon.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>IMJIN
<Content>Loved it       By the Beach  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>ellesbells
<Content>puri was perfect This was our first trip to Bali and will definetly not be our last , we had a great time and loved the resort. It was one of the best we had ever stayed in, it was more a 5 star resort than a 4. We stayed in the garden view rooms and found them to be clean and comfortable. Weather was warm and the staff were very friendly . We chose the Puri Santrian because of all the great reviews we had read about on this site . We had some tasty meals at the Puri Santrian and most nights we would walk down the beach to Donald's restaurant and also Bobbys they were both very good and very cheap. We cant wait to go back! Puri was perfect!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamabe
<Content>at the quite end of sanur Stayed at Puri Santrian in April 2007 and upgraded before arriving direct with the hotel to the club room, after reading bad reports regarding the beach and garden rooms.Disappointed, the club rooms are ok, but still very dark inside. More spacious than the other rooms, but certainly not worth the money. The room spelt very musty and appeared clean until i dropped something which rolled under a piece of furniture!! All the rooms are dark inside due to the fast amount of trees around the gardens. I had read reports about the beautiful gardens, but to be honest i wasnt that impressed. The hotel is located on the quite side of Sanur, limited restaurants and not on the best stretch of beach. Although the hotel did their best to clear the debris and seaweed away daily it did seem to gatheron this stretch. Further down the beach was a lot cleaner.The pools were small and you need to be an early bird to get a sun lounger either around the pools or on the beach. A word of warning for people with young child... there is a small childs pool, but the other pools are deep.Overall an ok hotel, but that is the best i can say. Wished i had booked a hotel at the other end of sanur  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>jonbarb
<Content>Going back to Bali Our second trip to Bali in 2 years was just as exciting and maybe even better. We started out in Sanu, March 2007. We stayed at the Puri Santrian, for 5 nights. It was great, the hotel, the staff, the service and the prices if anything has got better. We ate at the Mezzanine, a restaurant which belongs to the hotel and with the small jazz combo and great food it made it a perfect night. March 17, we celebrated St. Patricks at the Cat and the Fiddle, just across the street from the Puri Santrian. It was great, they had a band that played Irish music, it was jammed packed. We ate at a new place, the restaurant at the Aston Legend Villas. This place was not there 2 years ago and it certainly has added to the area, its a beautiful place and the restaurant was excellent. Of course we spent our happy hours at the Bamboo Bar at the Sanur Beach Hotel. There is something about sitting on swings at the bar, listenting to music, drinking a gin tonic. A great return to a great place, Bali, sure wish it was closer  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>theboss
<Content>very good hotel Very good hotel, shame about SanurWe visited the Puri Santrian for a week in March 2007. We stayed in the club room which was a good size with a a four poster bed. The hotel grounds are lovely, the pool nice and clean, and the hotel was very nice (breakfast is continental although a wider selection of food is available at an extra cost).We arrived on the evening and was suprised that there appeared to be next to no guests in the hotel grounds, we soon realised that this is because after 10 0'clock many restaurants are closed and guests have gone to bed.Whilst I am not looking for banging clubs or bars, evenings in Sanur are very sedate. Once outside of the hotel grounds you will be pestered by taxi drivers and shop keepers looking for business.We did hire a taxi and driver for the day, explaining to him that we did not want to be taken to stops where we would feel under pressure to purchase goods we did not want. He understood this but still on our journey to the volcanio he proceeded to stop at Celak (the government retail outlet for silver sales), a wood carving place, a spice plantation, and a restaurant for lunch where we were the only customers. The restaurant had a fantastic view of the lake and volcano, however the waitress maintained that the only lunch available was a buffet lunch which was at an over-inflated price (which she subsequently reduced several times when she realised that we were not going to purchase it). Eventually the normal lunch time menu was produced, but by this time we had enough and decided not to eat anything.Bali is worthwhile exploring (some fantastic scenery), surrounding Ubud, but I must say that I found the street vendors too overbearing, and this spoiled my trip.Bali has been effected by a downturn in tourism, and businesses are desperate for your custom.We did visit Kutu, and was pleasantly suprised, good shopping and we weren't hassled as much, in fact we wished that we had stayed there.We had several massages round the corner from the hotel at a small salon called Eden, a massage there is approx 50,000 R (about 拢3), and was very good. The laundry place next door was also very good.I would recommend the Beach Cafe which is at the other end of Sanur, and Bennos to eat on the evening (a short taxi drive). The food was very good quality and inexpensive.I expected Bali to be a tropical paradise, and it wasn't. However having said this the Puri Santrian is a lovely hotel.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2007
<Rating>3	5	4	3	5	4	-1	3	

<Author>EmersonsBristolUK
<Content>Great Hotel       Just one of the pools  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>anouk24
<Content>great place We had booked for a beach room, which was a bit of a dissapointment. Very dark and with a bathroom that was not that clean. So we upgraded to a clubroom. This room was absolutely perfect and we highly recommened it to everyone. A great bed, perfect bathroom and a very nice terrace. Another plus was the beautiful clubpool. Overall this is a very nice hotel. Good breakfast, nice pools and a nice garden. Sanur has a few good restaurants (we loved Ming and Donald's) and bars .  
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>TheBr0wns
<Content>Great honeymoon location               More photos  
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelbuggedtony
<Content>A relaxing stay       Large pool  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Happynoodleboy_uk
<Content>Over-rated Booked a bungalow room with Asiarooms in the Puri Santrian. Upon arriving, the security guard at the gate thoroughly examined the taxi, this gave a real sense of security. Checked in without any problems, got a cold towel as I signed the paperwork for reception.Bungalow was nice from the outside, set in lush well cared for gardens. Main room of the bungalow was lovely, nice big bed, TV, mini-bar, air-con, slippers and bathrobe, wardrobe with lots of hangers. What let it down for me was the bathroom. It wasn't unclean, but it was scruffy. The bath was stained and cracked, there was a big crack in the sink, the tiles were cracked and had been hastily filled in, the grout was mouldy, and the varnish was peeling off the work surface in there. The rest of the hotel was undergoing refurbishment so I would hope the bathrooms in the bungalows get some attention.The facilites at the hotel were good, a couple of nice pools, pool bar, massage (very expensive for Bali). Breakfast was buffet style and I would recommend getting there early.There was the old problem of certain nationalities reserving sunbeds all day but then only using the beds for about an hour. I was getting to the pool at about 7:45am and there were lots of towels around then already (no people though).Got pestered 3 times in the course of two days by a little old man who worked for the hotel trying to sell us tickets to the Balinese Dance and Buffet, cost 拢12.00 each. You can see a dance show and have a great meal elsewhere in Sanur for half the price. I even witnessed this man sitting down with a couple who were having lunch, and he pestered them for 30 minutes while they were eating.Location is not so good in my opinion, it's at the quiet end of Sanur; there are four restaurants on the beach if you leave the hotel and turn right, and there are a few out on the main street.Overall, I was put off by the bathroom in the room, the location and the price - you seem to be paying for the facilities more than anything else.I know lots of people love this hotel, but it wasn't for me! In future I'd stay in a little boutique hotel at the northern end of Sanur.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>yveKentInEngland
<Content>comes highly reccomended I stayed here in december and as such felt i wanted to share this lovely Balinese hotel with you. It has really beautiful tended gardens and the staff are so friendly and always willing to help. They seem to smile all day long. i had a gardenview room and not one of the club rooms but was lucky enough to see inside one - the gardenview rooms are ok if not in need of a bit of a refurb in the bathrooms but are kept clean and have all that you need- but if you can afford an upgrade it will be worth it as they alo come with a superb private swimming pool area- having said that the pool area for all other guests is fabulous and has a great swim up bar. plenty of good quality sunbeds and a great waiter service. i reccomend if you fancy a change to eat out. on the beach the second restuarant you come to called Donalds has such an extensive menu from basic noodle and rice dishes to huge prawns and fab curries also steaks and chops, i can also say breakfast here is good too.and so cheep.. on the road side of the hotel ..the Cat and the Fiddle has great food and great music especially on a sunday evening - give it a try.I did a tour over 4 nights of bali and its worth going inland to pick up the real flavour of Bali. You can do daily trips but it was great staying in Ubud high up surrounded by jungle and monkeys swinging right outside your windows.For the first time i travelled as a single traveler- was very worried about doing this but i have to say this hotel made me feel very safe as was the area this hotel was in.so if you fancy authentic style hotels this is your one book it now .  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>R0nald
<Content>Nicest hotel in Sanur We stayed at one of the garden view rooms: bad choice, the other rooms are SO much better. We got a different room after a roach problem: they were there to, even saw roaches crawling in the lobby area. I was told aug/september most hotels have cockroach problems. That was the only negative point with this hotel, pools are great, breakfast is very nice.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>WelshDragons
<Content>Fantastic and magical A fantastic hotel, it's really big, like a small village but it's kept spotless and unique. We stayed in the Club and it felt like it was our own private hotel, there is a brilliant breakfast choice with freshly cooked food available to suit everyone. The staff are brilliant and helpful. We had a misunderstanding about our afternoon tea provision and were awarded with an aromatherapy massage for the two of us gratis as way of an apology. The best restaurant for good food both balinese and international and we created our own prawn dish J.J. prawns while there - is Donalds- out on to the beach and right and 2nd restaurant in. The Puri Santrian has another restaurant apart from thr 3 in the hotel called the Village - it's approx 1km away and boasts to be the finest Italian food. I am forced to disagree- it's overpriced and after 2 off bottles of wine were served to me and my supposedly well done steak bled all over my dinner, I retreated back to Donalds. Thje Mezzanine restaurant within the Puri Santrian serves fantastic food at excellent prices with the same finesse as any top 5* U.K. restaurant. The facility of pool towels was great as no need to pack. Make sure that you take travel plugs - round 2pin as they are V. Expensive to buy and the hotel charge you for supply. We had no problems with our room, it was fantastic and spacious with loads of storage space, take a few coat hangers though. There are many traders on the short walk along the beach to the restaurants and they can be very persistent and get very offended and naggy if you promise to go back another day and don't, they will keep on. I found it best to say would visit on my last day if I could and stick to that as once you have bought from one they all usher you into their shops and it can take up quite a lot of your hard earned holiday trying to get out! - so you buy yet another T shirt or Batik item just to get away. Hope this helps, we had a fantastic holiday and would definitely go there again and most definitely stay in the Club part as the extras as well worth it  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Fussyminx
<Content>Good Value for Money There are very few bad things to say about this hotel and all the good things have already been said: excellent food  value, exceptional gardens, helpful staff. My only comments would be having stayed in a Beach Wing room, the room was small, the bathroom was very dated and the towels a little threadbare. The decor and bed linen were, however lovely, but the aircon was a little temperamental as was the toilet - the flushing was a bit hit and miss. I had a view over the roof and chimneys of the restaurant and actually couldn't see the beach at all.Just a tip for anyone visiting Sanur - nothing to do with this hotel: avoid drinking draft beer - stick to bottled beer if you're going down that road. I spent a whole day in bed with Bali Belly and I'm 99% certain that's what caused it.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	1	

<Author>taurus1960
<Content>Heaven!!!!! I stayed here with my wife for our 25th anniversary and it was absolutely marvellous. the entire set up and quality of the accomodation was superb. this hotel has everything and more. the previous reviews says it all but words can not do it justice. this is without doubt one of the best hotels i have stayed in around the world. all the pictures you see are spot on. we stayed in a superior club room overlooking the pool - eutopia!we had seven very relaxing days here and it seemed like 4 weeks. the breakfast and afternoon tea are not to be missed.clean sheets and towels every day. the laundary service was cheap and superb.the spa is not be missed - if you book your massage between 10 and 12 you get one free. this is sheer indulgance at its best and works out 拢22 for the two of you for an hour and half.the hotels restaurants were good but not as good as DONALDS - situated to the right and on the opposite of the road to the main exit. say hello to ecker the main waiter - he will look after you all night and the food is excellent - you will pay about 拢12 (for 2 people) for a three course meal of your choice including drinks! my wife really enjoyed the mango juice drink - it was thick and creamy and a meal in its self. In the afternoon walk along the promenade to the east and you will find another DONALDS just past the shops - have a relaxed drink or afternoon meal right on the beach - what could be better and its half price of the hotel tariff!we didnt travel anywhere (sad i know) but we went there to relax and this hotel supplied it above and beyond the call of duty.the beach was very good but you have to get up early for a promenade lounger. the hotel staff spend all day cleaning and actually sweeping the sand by hand - taking away any offending seaweed or debris that may have washed ashore overnight. try out the floating sun pergodas for that very romantic afternoon with your loved one!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>astie
<Content>quiet and relaxing holiday I stayed in this lovely hotel for 3 nights.it was all worth it. The room was clean, but we had a bit of a problem when we arrived in the room the aircon was leaking. it took them quite awhile to fix it. There are two pools and both are great. allthough the pools are not so big but very clean. There is a restaurant in the hotel by the beach and the food is just amazing, reasonable price aswell. It's a perfect place to go with a family or your partner. not such a good place to go with friends, esp when you want to go crazy and laugh a lot in the pool, because most people are relaxing and sleeping. it's such a good place if you want to relax.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kiwipaddy
<Content>Total luxury Just spent two excellent weeks staying at the Puri Santrian Hotel-Club level, from the moment we arrived everything was perfect. Included in the Club level is breakfast (spoilt for choice), and afternoon tea which is a bit of a novelty for Bali. Staying in the Club level allows Club members sole use of the Club pools which are beautiful, all the other swimming pools are super with lots of sun loungers around the pools and you don鈥榯 have to fight for space. Having been to Bali seven times previously we can thoroughly recommend the Puri Santrian. The Club rooms are beautiful and spotlessly maintained they include an in room safe which is convenient. We did check out the other levels and would have not hesitation staying in them. It is definitely a quieter holiday which is perfect for anyone wanting to get away for a relaxing break, the staff are excellent on all levels and go out of there way to accommodate requests. The hotel is spotlessly clean and staff are discretely continually on top of everything. The gardens are immaculately maintained and the best Spa in situated in the resort grounds, it is total indulgence and luxury and we would highly recommend it. One treat not to be missed is experiencing the Sea Walker which is attached to the hotel really good fun and well worth it. We ate at the hotel and the quality of food was excellent and very affordable. But there are super restaurants just outside the hotel main entrance one of our favorites was 鈥淢ago Lounge  Resto鈥?excellent food and super friendly staff with live music every night.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>hayley&steve
<Content>perfect!! I originally booked to stay at another hotel in sanur but read some bad reviews and saw how many good reviews the puri had so decided to change it, in so glad i did.The puri santrian is an wonderful hotel it is a small and friendly hotel.It is a very traditional building with balinese furnishings unlike some of the other hotels which are more modern and impersonal. All the rooms are spread out around the gardens of the hotel.We stayed in a bungalow room which was very nice with a huge big double bed,tv en suite bathroom.The gardens are sprayed twice a week to stop insects being in the gardens of the hotel and it works because i didnt see one cockroach!!!The hotel staff are very friendly, and cant really do enough for you.They have a very nice swimming pool with a swim up bar just try and get a sunbed early as some nationalities do like to hog sunbeds!!There is a very nice place to eat on the beacfront with nice sofas which is part of the hotel,we eat lunch here as it was convenient when by the pool, but at night there are plenty of nice restaurants left and right of the hotel, try donalds restaurant just as you come out of the hotel on the right it is very cheap but very very good!!! Also the mezzannine reataurant is good that is right at the front of the hotel and belongs to the hotel serving thai food more expensive but has to be tried at least once as food is fantastic!Overall the puri santrian is a fantastic hotel and deserves a higher star rating as its perfect.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lique
<Content>Peaceful, beautiful, friendly Actually we had chosen another hotel in Sanur. Due to overbooking we had to stay at the Puri Santrian. A very beautiful, calm, relaxed place. Staff is very very friendly. Good location, directly at the beach. Nice spacious rooms. Situated in a more than fabulous garden. Direct access to the beach.Have seen many hotels all over the world, but this one is something else. A fabulous place I can recommend to everyone.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>DDAA
<Content>wonderful Beautiful hotel, lovely people infact can't find anything to complain about. breakfast everything you could want and the Mezzanine restaurant was the best in Sanur and surprisingly cheap. We will return.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	5	

<Author>louise612
<Content>What a great hotel! Have just got back from a fantastic Honeymoon at the Puri Santrian. What a great hotel! We booked to stay in a bungalow which was very clean and spacious but a little dated. Some Bungalows have been refurbished and are beautiful, however ours was not quite what was desribed in the brochure but still good. On arrival, as promised we had our honeymoon flowers, fruit and a cake which said happy birthday! It's the thought that counts I suppose.After four days we had a problem in our room which could not be rectified. As there were no more Bungalows available we were upgraded to the Club Rooms. This room was fantastic! It had a dressing room, with safe. A good size bathroom with an excellent shower and a spacious bedroom with Four poster bed. The hotel staff are amounst the friendliest people I have met, always saying hello in the morning. I even heard one women complaining about it!!Breakfast is excellent. There is so much choice, to suit all tastes and nationalities, and a man who cooks eggs and ommlettes to order. If you ask one of the waiters they will also cook pancakes for you which are superb.The pool and beach are very clean. I couldn't believe it when I saw someone sweeping the beach by hand, but he was there every day taking the seaweed away in little bags!The area that the hotel is in is quite a quiet part of the resort with a few bars and restaurants. The best of which are the Mezzanine for good Thai and fish. Double Dutch is probably the busiest bar along the strip and has nightly entertainment.If you turn right out of the hotel and walk for about five minutes you will find a wider selection of restaurants to suit all tastes.Restaurants I would reccomend would be Mezzanine, The Village(a long walk or a short taxi ride away), Legong (good food, with traditional Balinese dancing) and Donalds (simple cheap food on your door step).All in all a really great holiday, made better by a great hotel!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pinkgizmo
<Content>Fab location and fantastic staff. I have just returned yesterday from 10 nights at this hotel.Well where do i begin the good bits first:All the staff are very friendly,polite and helpful.The beach was immaculate and always clean,there was also a cafe type area with umbrellas overlooking the beach which was lovely.The swimming pool and garden area was always very tidy and felt like walking around your own private garden.The location was perfect you could walk out the hotel and onto a street which had lots of restaraunts and bars and shops so you did not feel stranded which has happened to me before.The Thursday night show was very good and the restaraunts and lunch prices were very reasonable.The weather was great with a nice breeze ,and we found a restaraunt called Donalds across the road and slightly to the left which had fab food and was about 拢10 a night for us for 2 courses and drinks his restaraunt is by far the busiest every night and had a good choice of local,european and seafood also.There is also a good restaraunt left out of the hotel which has a good live band every evening and does really good food too.We went on a few trips which we enjoyed and went to the waterboom park in Kuta which was so clean and empty so that was a good day out for a change.The only 2complaints I have are firstly the lack of sunbeds ,it was a nightmare certain nationalities were getting up at 7am every morning and picking all the best sunbeds either on the beach or under the umbrellas next to the pool,going for breakfast then about 9.30am lying on them all day.The pool will not open till 9am so they were reserving beds with sarongs ,books ect.This drove me mental as we never got the really good beds with the sofas on the beach ,I considered camping out one night!!But the waterpark in Kuta was a great option with pools and slides and good food ect and no bed reserving it cost 拢10 each.The other moan was the rooms really need updating they are so dark you always needed a light on to see,especially the bathroom it really was dark ,we actuallt stayed in 3 different rooms throughout the holiday due to the arguing honeymoon couple next door we had to get moved the noise was horrendous,seemingly they had been moved 4times already as guests were complaining,but we got another room so it was fine te hotel were very accomadating .The other rooms were pretty similar no better really or worse,we stayed in a bungalow also it was nicer than the standad room but I personally didnt think it was worth the extra 拢拢 the bedroom was nicer but the bathroom was even more outdated than the first room we had,but it did have a nice private patio so if it was 拢50 extra I would have paid it but they wanted 拢200!!If a club room had have been avalible I would have paid the extra for that.All in all it was a fab hotel and you could walk along the beach to Donalds cafe for breakfast(he has 2 cafes,the hotel breakfast was okay but 4times the price of Donalds and not worth it really.I would definitley stay here again and with my 2minor moans you dont send much time in your hotel room anyway but if the price was reasonable I would get a bungaow or a club room as this was the only thing that let the hotel down.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>abayoumy
<Content>Great Stay,Great Value This was our second stay at the Puri. Both times we stayed in the Santrian Club rooms. The staff are excellent. Extremely friendly. pleasant and accomodating. The breakfast buffet is very good but, in my opinion it needs to be expanded or changed daily. The rooms are spacoius but a little dark. The hotel is of Balinese style. The grounds are beautiful and very well cared for.The pools were beautiful but I feel they could use more lounge chairs. If you don't get there early your options will be very limited.The afternoon tea and cake was wonderful. We had lunch at the hotel and we also went to the dinner show on thursday night. The food was excellent. The dinner show is a must see. The hotel prices were reasonable. The spa is also a place to definetely visit.Overall the hotel stay was great and it was a great value.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>pjay72
<Content>A little piece of paradise We booked this hotel because of its location. Upon arrival we got upgraded to a bungalow room which was simply wonderful. Large comfortable bed and terrace situated in the tropical gardens. The pool and beach are great with plenty of places to relax and chillWe ate a few times in in the hotel but would strongly recommend eating on one of the beach restaurants, Donalds was our particular favourite (right along beach), great food right on the waters edge.I would definatley return to Bali it is a beautiful place with beautiful people.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>vals
<Content>Great hotel Just returned yesterday from Puri Santrain  would recommend it. The staff were always smiling  had a greeting for you when you passed them at any time. We had a Club Room which was well worth the additinal cost. It was large with a 4 poster bed with drapes, had a seperate dressing area  sitting area,  plenty of storage.Everywhere was incredibly clean too. Had 3 pool areas, with one just for the club rooms. Beach towels were also available so no need to carry your own  add to your luggage allowance!! Dining room was a light  spacious. Afternoon tea was also included, but this may just be with the Club rooms. Thought prices for the restaurant were very reasonable, though obviously more expensive than outside the hotel. There was also a lovely restaurant connected to the hotel but open for anyone else too - again, priced more than the other restaurants but still very reasonable compared to home!I Usually stay in 4/5star hotels but read all the reviews  decided that this looked good - it didn't disappoint  even though I am not the sort of person to go back to the same place twice when there is a whole world out there, I would certainlly recommend it to anyone visiting Bali.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>emoliash
<Content>I thought it was good value We have just returned from 10 days at the Puri Santrian. We stayed in the Santrian Club rooms, they were fantastic. Large and with a separate dressing room which enabled all our baggage to be placed out of sight. We were travelling with a 2 year old so this gave us more space in the room.Also we were right near the santrian club pool which was beautiful and more sheltered then the other 2 pools. there was no problems obtaining a sunbed most of the times. The service and the staff were both professional and friendly.I have stayed a the Hyatt in Sanur as well and we enjoyed this hotel more, and would probably return.The only disappointed was the buffet breakfast which really was a very 3 star hotel breakfast buffet. however the room you ate it in was lovely. The food at both their resturants was average.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic! My boyfriend and I stayed at Puri for a week and we thought it was absolutely lovely! Great beach-side location that isn't too busy, three wonderful pools, great service and an all-round winner. Their prices are very reasonable and it definately deserves more than the 2 or so stars it is listed as. Whilst around the area, we wandered around a number of 4 or 5 star hotels and Puri was undoubtedly better.The food was good overall and not bad value for hotel food. There are however many places around the area, such as Stiff Chilli down the beach, that deliver good food at low prices. Alternatively I would recommend getting a taxi to Kuta and eating at one of the great places there.The spa at Puri is also another highlight: great treatments and beautiful inside. I would without hesitation recommend Puri to anyone...particularly those who wish for a relaxing holiday with no hassle and few children!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Phil Ollerenshaw
<Content>Great Hotel       reception area  
<Date>Jun 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Tinaabd0
<Content>Puri Santrian - fabulous Stayed at the Puri Santrian Resort in April. What a great hotel. Very clean, good staff/pools/gardens/food - everything you could think of. We booked a bungalow and that was great. The hotel's location is just perfect on a nice stretch of beach (which was always cleaned daily by the staff) - all restaurants were within walking distance and also great beach bars to the right of the hotel (beach side). Great food/drinks really cheap. We loved the place and will return in a few yrs and stay at this hotel. Sanur is a great place if you like a beach resort. I would class this more like a four star rather than 3 1/2. We visited Kuta/Seminyak/Nusa Dua but liked Sanur the best. We also had a two night stay at Ubud and that was great also. Great restaurants, plenty of sightseeing (monkey forest etc). Stayed in a great place called Tegal Sari - only a small hotel, but again staff/food and duplex room was out of this world, overlooking the paddy fields. Also they provided free taxis to take and bring you back whereever you wanted to go great when you wanted lift back from restaurants at night. Couldn't fault service. FAB.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Namaste01
<Content>The best place to stay in Sanur.       The entrance to Puri Santrian  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bianchibicicletta
<Content>Awesome!       The entrance to Puri Santrian  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bali_babe
<Content>Fantastic       Breakfast  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>B.Cradler
<Content>Thank you Puri Santrian               
<Date>Mar 26, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Manx_kitten
<Content>Fabulous Hotel Hi, just back from staying at the Puri Santrian and i can honestly say that it is one of the nicest hotel i have stayed in. The rooms are large, very clean with lots of storage etc. The staff at the Puri are great, very friendly and eager to please. The pools were very clean and the grounds immaculate. There were lots of sunbeds available and they were in good condition. The only drawback was the hawkers at the beach entrances who constantly ask if you want massages, etc and who follow you around. I can understand though that they really need the money as the hotel was not full and the hotels around were also very empty.The drinks and food at the hotel were pricey compared to the restaurants and cafes outside, but this is expected in hotel. All in all we had a brilliant stay at the Puri and I will definitely come back for a second visit.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>indonesia
<Content>Excellent hotel Just arrived back from this hotel and it was fabulous ! They couldnt accomodate us enough. The rooms were spacious, clean, air-con brilliant as it was very humid day and night. The pools are clean and cool just what you need ! Be careful in hotel though as drinks and food are double what you pay outside the resort.The only downfall was the ladies up the beach at the back of the hotel, should you fancy a stroll they follow you everyday for massage manicure which is annoying by the end of your holiday.I would also recommend on bali Discovery to book a private tour to go to the Kintamani volcano and lake , well worth the money and tour guide (sandy) was asolutely brilliant and taught us so much.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>thumbelina2
<Content>Long Queues for breakfast       Hotel pool  
<Date>Jan 20, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Puri Santrian       garden compound  
<Date>Dec 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really amazing place and such good value I took a 4 day break from Hong Kong to New Zealand here. First impressions are that the place is steamy hot and a little old, but it very quickly grows on you. The service generally is first class and the standards of the hotel are very high. Some parts of the are fairly old but most of the place is immaculate. We had 3 nights in a bungalow and these are roomy and clean but not inspiring. For the last night we upgraded to the Club Santrian. This is a much higher standard of accomodation and we had a lovely room with a 4 poster bed. We were charged $25 for the upgrade and $20 to delay check out from Noon until 8 p.m., due to our late departure from Den Pasar airport.The swiming pools are all really superb and the Club has its own pool which is exceptional.  We found food very good in the hotel but the best value is to eat on the beach restaurants about 100 metres along the beach to the right. Breakfast costs about US$2.50 and a main dinner about $4. Beer is excellent and good value at about $1.40 for a 630 ml bottle and it really tastes good. The menus are really varied and interesting and the standard excellent. Jet skis are on hire for $25 per 15 minutes on really modern fast models. Taxis are cheap and Den Pasar is only about $10 return, with the driver waiting for you. There are many comments about the intrusion of the shopkeepers who can be a real pain. Some shops give no hassle and are obviously the ones to patronise.For various reasons the hotels seem very quiet and poolsside beds were never fully occupied. During the evenings the place seemed a bit like a mortuary, which was very sad as the place has so much to offer. We found many shops changed currency and the rates were good and commision free.If you want pampering then this is the place and the spa service for manicure/pedicure/massage etc are very good and excellent value.Security has a high priority with uniformed guards along the beach and all vehicles entering the hotel were thoroughly checked. We felt not the least threatened during the stay. Airport security is very tight and all baggage is sniffer tested by machine, presumably for explosives but maybe drugs - I didnt find out. It does take quite a time to check in and only airline ticket holders are permitted to enter the airport buildings. The duty free seemed quite good.I have to highly recommend a stay at this hotel and I am sure the same remarks would apply to all establishments on the island.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LlanddewiBrefi
<Content>Loved the relaxed atmosphere of the Hotel   showReview(4237290, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't get better       The Pool  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nickIpswichEngland
<Content>brilliant hotel and staff   showReview(4077368, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ReviewAdvisor
<Content>Nice hotel, Sanur is quiet   showReview(4074737, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>HeyAndy
<Content>A great base   showReview(3616375, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Judith Whicker
<Content>A great break in the sun   showReview(3608363, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Henkybaby
<Content>Nice, beautifull and friendly   showReview(3473409, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect honeymoon resort!   showReview(3427903, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>krazykrizy
<Content>was okay not what I expected   showReview(3193152, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Deni243
<Content>Relaxation at it's best   showReview(3089630, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>toto124
<Content>normales Hotel   showReview(22825688, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>tanun6
<Content>Bel h么tel noy茅 dans la v茅g茅tation.   showReview(21665489, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ATTILA63
<Content>Pas un bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(19175948, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>LudgerT
<Content>Ruhiges Hotel mit sch枚nem tropischen Garten   showReview(18948619, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>noemie1702
<Content>Tr猫s naturel !       L'entr茅e de notre chambre : vue sur jardin  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>silviacedri
<Content>Puri Santrian: semplicemente unico!       Seconda piscina  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>souris008000
<Content>magnifique   showReview(17126411, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傝惤銇＄潃銇戙伨銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19171701, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Caliope95
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel       notre chambre  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	4	3	

<Author>philparis19
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(14911585, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LeReveur
<Content>Resort vieux        plage  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>Kasimir66
<Content>Super Hotel in Sanur   showReview(13320078, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bondGestel_bretagne
<Content>le calme   showReview(12610362, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>W0RLDWIDETRAVELLERS
<Content>Wundersch枚nes Hotel   showReview(12188683, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tooby
<Content>Superbe h么tel !   showReview(8125754, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇冭韩銇ㄣ倐銇瘺銇掋伨銇椼仧锛?#x201d;   showReview(19161595, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Sandra060
<Content>Das sch枚nste in Sanur   showReview(7160657, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ralfinator
<Content>1A Wellness-/SPA-Bereich   showReview(5799791, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儠銉儍銈枫儱銆?#x201d;   showReview(19157410, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>bernardbiset
<Content>paradis sur terre         
<Date>Apr 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2004骞淬偞銉笺儷銉囥兂...   showReview(19928344, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇с仺銇︺倐灞呭績鍦般伄...   showReview(19926569, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

