<Author>red_striker
<Content>Loved the Bienville House Got a great deal for the Bienville via TravelZoo. When we arrived we were given a lovely deluxe room that had a terrace outside (shared with a couple of other rooms) but with our own table and chairs. The hotel is like stepping back in time with alot of 'NOLA charm.The staff were very pleasant and the breakfast was a nice setup in the morning.The best point about this hotel though is its location ... short walking distance to Bourbon, Cafe DuMond, Aquarium, Trams, shops etc etc behind the hotel there was even a Coyote Ugly bar. Also just down the street from the House of Blues.All in all would stay here again and look out for some deals on the hotels own website or via Travelzoo  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>CeeGee
<Content>Just nice enough Stayed with my husband for a convention. Good friends also booked a room. Although the beds were nicely decorated (NO BUGS) and the place is sweet, and in a good location,there were several problems with service. First ol all, they knew a huge convention was coming and there was a paltry continental breakfast. By 9am, there was nothing left!! Day after day--Even after I complained, the next day was still spare--with mostly very unhealthy stale pastries and bad for you cereals. There was no fridge or honor bar in the small room, so I couldn't buy my own fruit. Every day, even though they were completely booked, there was not one lousy piece of fruit to be had. I stayed in many places that offered continetal breakfasts--even 3 star or less places had better selelctions. Finally, the woman doling out the breakfast knew I was upset and she out aside ONE last yogurt. This should never have happened. When I complained to the front desk, they merely smiled and shrugged! Also, the elevator was constantly broken and we had to take the service elevator. I was not impressed. Yes, the place has charm--but that wasn't enough.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	2	2	

<Author>narnialady
<Content>Solo weekend get-a-way I stayed at the Bienville while there on a yoga/spa/get-a-way weekend. I loved the location, it was close to many of the things I wanted to do and see. The room was clean and attractively decorated. I do have one complaint, however, and that was there was no window in the room and after awhile I began to feel claustrophobic. I don't believe my room description mentioned this. I was staying by myself so I went for the most inexpensive selection, and perhaps it was stated somewhere in the fine print, but I didn't see it. So others considering this hotel who believe they would find this also disconcerting may want to request a room on the outer perimeter (this room was in the very center of the hotel). Other than the no window issue, I found the hotel to be very charming and the staff friendly. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>ordajg
<Content>Awesome Experience We selected Bienville House as the home base for my daughter's wedding party, after checking out around 20 locations in the area.The location, the condition of the facility, and most of all the staff were beyond our expectations. The entire wedding party and several guests opted to stay here of their own choice after comparing other hotels. Everyone was extremely pleased and grateful for the way the staff was responsive, attentive, and the consistent positive attitude displayed from front desk to housekeeping.We very much appreciated the beauty of the courtyard, which was used as a back drop for some incredible photos prior to the ceremony. The rooms were clean, quaint, and extremely comfortable. The decor was very reflective of the French Quarter of old, giving a feeling of relaxation and harmony.We would definitely recommend this hotel without hesitation.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>megdo4
<Content>Was scared based on some reviews.but LOVED IT I read some iffy reviews after I booked the room and was a bit worried. But it was great. The beds were so comfortalbe---the pillows were down goose feathers! The staff was nice and accommodating! The guy at the front desk knew a lot of the local places to see and eat. It was clean and has a great, SAFE location. Thye have AAA discounts, just make sure you tell them when you book the room. The pool was so nice as were the balconies and the garden. All four of us were very happy there.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>obxdarling
<Content>Bed Bugs! I am a travel agent and had an opportunity to visit New Orleans this past summer. My husband and I arrived around noon to find our room was not ready and would be available in about an hour. No problem; we left our bags at the hotel and walked the city. Nice thing about this hotel is its location, can't get any better! We had dinner and came back to the hotel after 5pm to find our room still wasn't ready. We waited in the lobby area for another 30 mins until it was finally ready. During our 3 day stay, the hotel staff was unfriendly. While waiting for assistance at the front desk, I was ignored for 10 mins until the bell hop came over to me to help with my questions. One of the mornings I walked by our housekeeper in the hallway and said hello, in return she just grunted. My husband and I took this all in stride (we were enjoying the city most of all!), until the last morning. I woke up to find bed bugs in our bed, and one had bitten me. After packing our things, we went to the front desk where the woman behind the counter after 5 mins finally looked up to offer assistance, I whispered to her of what had happened (I didn't want to alarm the guests around us who were checking out). She looked at me in disbelief and without any empathy called the housekeeping manager to talk to us. When this woman arrived, I told her what happened. She stated that it could not be because the mattresses were brand new (which is not true, ours was shredded around the corners and definitely not new). Without any apology or understanding, she handed us her business card and said, Call me the next time you're in town. And that was that. Not one person even said sorry. I am a travel agent and have never experienced service as horrible as this. We had a wonderful time in New Orleans, definitely go! Just don't stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	2	1	1	3	

<Author>Traveling-Best-Buds
<Content>Loved it - loved it - loved it!!!! My best friend and I needed a vacation soooooo bad because of many difficulties in our lives. I chose New Orleans because I had been there pre-Katrina and always wanted to go back. I had 4 different reservations at different hotels but finally chose Bienville House because of the location. From the minute we walked into the hotel, we were treated so fabulously. I had heard they absolutely will not let you in your room early which was fine as most hotels don't let you check in early. Cynthia said our room was ready and let us check in - at 11:00 am!!!! We quickly unpacked and were off and running!! We feel we had another whole day enjoying NO. Cynthia and Sondra could not have been nicer. Every time you saw them - they were always smiling, were friendly, helpful and courteous. Whenever we got back from somewhere, we couldn't wait to tell them what we did!!!! Especially when I won $900 at Harrahs!!!!!! The room was fabulous, big, clean and quiet. Hallways and lobby were beautiful. We would ask housekeeping for something extra we needed, and they were there within minutes. We loved sitting on the balcony and left our doors open whenever we were there - did not see as much as a fly!! We brought several of their hotel brochures home so we could recommend this beautiful hotel to anyone interested in going to NO. Thank you Bienville House for making our much needed vacation fabulous - warm - and friendly!!! We will be back - and will send as many people as we can to stay in your AWESOME CITY!! We cried when we got home because we had the most exciting memorable vacation we've had in a long time! We thank Bienville House for being part of that!!!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluesandzydeco
<Content>Perfect! I read the reviews on Tripadvisor and reserved this Hotel since the two top choices had no vacancies. We will never stay anywhere else. The staff were so warm and friendly. The room was lovely and the heated pool area was gorgeous. The Bienville House is perfectly located to all the fun in the French Quarter. I left a small piece of luggage and they mailed it to me! LOVED OUR STAY.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sloantr
<Content>Comfortable, great location, one small problem A friend and I went to New Orleans for a weekend getaway, and the hotel was great for what we needed. We had a room with two beds and the size of the room was big and the beds comfortable. That's exactly what you need after a long day walking through New Orleans! There was one problem though. One night while we were there, we had come back from a long day and were laying in our beds when my friend sat up and screamed. There was a small mouse running around in our room. Of course, both us being girls,we freaked out and called downstairs. They immediately came up and told us they had another room available for us and when we got there, they even looked everywhere for another mouse, at our insistence of course. But they were very polite and had no problem checking for other mice. And they upgraded us to a better room and didn't charge us extra, which I admit is the least they could do. Overall, the hotel was great, location was awesome, it was clean and we had a fantastic time. The mouse thing was a problem, but both my friend and I tried not to hold that against the hotel because it was New Orleans and there were mice all over the city! I would recommend this hotel to others. It was recommened to me by my parents, who said they went and it was fun.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>NativeTexasGirl
<Content>Not happy with Bienville House The hotel was charming, and our room was a nice size and wonderfully decorated. It is a historic hotel, and I sit on a historical society, so this part of the hotel I was happy with. Also, the continental breakfast was nice However, I was very unhappy with the staff, in particular a front desk clerk named Beverly. I booked directly with the hotel, and specifically requested a courtyard room. I was told it would be no problem. When we arrived, Beverly wasn't even polite when I told her what I had been promised at booking. She rudely said it wasn't going to happen. We were staying 4 nights, and when I pressed, she said they could move us in 2 days to the courtyard. The room was a good size, but on the back side of the hotel. The room was supposed to have spa robes, but there were none provided. It was also having trouble cooling us off enough. Beverly offered that a fan could be delivered, and I accepted, but I never saw a fan throughout the trip. There was a train that came through more than once in the middle of the night, blowing a loud whistle to wake the dead. Two of the nights we stayed, we could hear something chewing on the inside wall behind the bed- it sounded like a rat. Two days later, when I called Beverly about moving us, she acted as if it wasn't important that I wanted to move, and assured me that I would be bothered by the train whistle wherever I stayed at the hotel. Nevertheless, she said she would call me back about moving to a courtyard room. When we left to sightsee for the day, I left her my cell number. She never called! Only because of her and the noise, I would recommend that no one ever stay here.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>NOLALady-1
<Content>Elegant Room! Convenient location! Good A/C, even in our summer! Booked a Summer Special for locals at the Bienville House. The room we were assigned, was elegantly decorated, exceptionally clean and comfortable, had several elecrical outlets, and had fantastic Air Conditioning! The bathroom had a nice-sized vanity, a full length mirror, great water pressure in the shower, and the white robes were a nice touch! Have stayed at the Monteleone in the past. In comparison, the Bienville House room and bath were much larger and more elegant. The Bienville House was conveniently located to the Aquarium, Canal Place, the Riverwalk, Harrah's, Jackson Square, Jax Brewery, Royal Street, and Bourbon Street, and of course, many restaurants. Check-in and check-out were very smooth, but when I called to request a room upgrade, Reservations was abrupt and rather rude. Outside our room, which faced Decatur St., there was a bar, which was a bit noisy late at night, but it really didn't disturb us. The pool area is charming, but small and not very private, as it is viewable from an iron gate from the public sidewalk.Parking is $20 or $25/nt, so we parked at a meter on the street, and meters are free on the weekends! Generally your car is safe on the street in most of New Orleans! I hate to pay for parking.Would definitely recommend the Bienville House!  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>july71RoyseCity
<Content>Awesome This place was absolutely beautiful, french decor and meticulosly clean. Beautiful pool area. The staff was very friendly and there was a lot of information in the lobby of activities around the french quarter area. The place is 3 blocks from Bourbon street.They have refrigerator, buy your own drinks, a small bottle water costs 2 bucks. They have ice machines and snack machines on each floor. And for those that haven't been to nola, you pay for parking everywhere you go, even if your a guest.At the bienville, if they ran out of parking space they will send you to the monteleon hotel; one block away. Cost of parking is 20 a day. If you park across the street without valet parking it is also 20 bucks.Overall, I can see myself coming back .  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>bamagirl78
<Content>Not sure if I would stay here again! We stayed here for my husband's birthday in June and I was not impressed. The first night we were there, our AC was broken. We called maintenance to fix the problem. Supposedly they fixed it but our room never cooled off. Since there wasn't a ceiling fan, it was very hot and stuffy. Definitely not a pleasant feeling after walking around in the heat all day. It was also very noisy. We even had someone try to come into our room a couple of times in the middle of the night and could hear alot of noise from the hallway. This hotel needs some serious remodeling.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>kenpeterson
<Content>Don't Stay Here My travel newsletter had an ad for this place at a good rate, so I booked it for my last night in New Orleans. No parking at the hotel so I had to pay $20 per nigh extra for valet...more on this later. The desk clerk told me my credit card was declined. No problem, I have others, but after getting to my room and immediately calling the bank and spending 10 minutes in phone menus and on hold, my bank told me the card was declined because the clerk was entering the wrong expiration date into the machine! Anyway, the hotel was old, but nice. Nice decor, a bit aged, but no more than expected. Bathroom amenities were excellent ( I stole the shampoo), and the beds were comfy. My room overlooked the courtyard and was so quiet I slept with the french doors open to the patio. The next day, I came from breakfast (don't eat breakfast at Mother's) at 10AM, told the desk I would be down in 10 min to check out and to please bring my car. I got my luggage and came back down to check out. After a long wait while the clerk was on a personal phone call, she printed the bill. They tried to charge me $25 instead of $20 for parking because I had a truck. I was driving a rented PT Cruiser - most defnitely NOT a truck. So then I had to wait while she figured out how to fix it; I think she was stalling so I would tell her not to bother. She finally got it fixed and then I waited for my car. And waited. And waited. And waited. After 40 min I complained and the desk clerk and the bell man interrupted their flirting to tell me there was nothing they could do. Another ten min and I demanded to know where the garage was so I could go get it myself. As I was leaving the hotel, my car pulled up - 65 minutes after I asked for it!!!! Then the valet wanted a tip!!! Unbelievable. I had to drive like a maniac to make my flight. Don't stay if you want good service and certainly NEVER give them the keys to your car. Stay at the Country Inn  Suites about 5 blocks further down Decatur after it turns into Magazine St. similar prices but a much better experience.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	5	4	4	1	1	4	

<Author>Crow377
<Content>great day staff, terrible night staff We booked this hotel through Expedia. We got to the hotel at around 11pm and were told that there was a maintenance issue and that they had already transfered our reservation to the Holiday Inn downtown (which I would have to say was the absolute worst hotel that I have ever stayed ). The maintenance issue was a total lie and the desk lady basically laughed while telling us this lie. The following morning we contacted the Bienville Hotel and a new lady ,(Beverly) was extremely helpful, readied our room, no problem. That evening while we stayed, the night help returned, she was rude ,unhelpful, basically a complete rupture in the payroll. I liked the room, the carpet needs replacing, but thats not too bad of a problem. I would highly recommend this hotel based on the the cleanliness, Beverly, the maid staff, basically the service we received during the daylight hours, but the night help is so bad that I would not recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	2	2	3	

<Author>lolanola
<Content>Charming Room, Great Location, Attentive Staff This is a charming hotel in a great French Quarter location. I loved my room, the fancy bath amenities, the cool iPod/sound machine thingy.... more than I expected. The pool area was lovely, lobby was small but quaint. The staff was always attentive when I needed them, this seems like a good choice in New Orleans, I would stay there again and recommend it to anyone. No problems with noise and I had an exterior room, maybe it depends on the day of the week, I was there on a weekday.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ams56
<Content>Sleepless in New Orleans The hotel is very quaint, with a great location - close proximately to all. Most of the staff was friendly. Room was a little small (Standard King) bathroom is a little dated, carpet stained, but all in all I liked the hotel - It is what it is, a boutique hotel. What completely ruined our stay there was the absolute deafening noise coming in thru our (closed) window all night every night - there is a warehouse or something directly across the street, and they played, on the sidewalk, rap every night until 4:00 every morning. I did not sleep for 2 nights. We were supposed to stay for 5 nights, we left after 2. I asked for a room that was not facing the street, but they did not have any available. So, we told the front office we were checking out the next day. Couldn't loose another night of sleep. We had one last thing to do (swamp tour) but told them we would be happy to check out that day so they could have it open for another guest. What has made me absolutely furious, is that they just didn't care about my business. We asked if they could at least refund one or two days. They said it wasn't their problem, and for me to call Travelocity. I did that when I came home, and Travelocity called them to see if they would offer a refund!!! They said no!! Absolutly horrible. So, a warning to all of you who are contemplating the Bienville House - like I said, great location - just be absolutely sure to request a room that is NOT facing the exterior/street. I have read other guests comments, and they have mentioned the same. I should have heeded their advise - now I'm out of money for the hotel, had to pay extra to change my flight plan - and out of vacation that I had planned in January. Back to work with nothing to show for it. Bummer!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>alwaysonthego07030
<Content>Charming Hotel in the French Quarter My boyfriend  I visited The Bienville House June 27-June 30, 2008. TravelZoo was promoting a summer special for this hotel which caught my eye, however I was a bit nervous after reading some of the reviews on TripAdvisor.All in all, we had a fantastic stay at the Bienville. The location couldn't be better as we were able to walk to Bourbon Street, Canal Street, Harrah's, the French Market and the River Walk very easily. Our room was just as promised online, with a very comfy king-sized bed and seperate dressing area. The hotel itself seemed to be in great condition and had a wonderful, boutique feel to it. The public areas were always well kept, including the pool which we did not have time to use. The hotel also served a free continental breakfast which was typical of what you'd find at most hotels - pastries, bagels, cereal  fruit. It was a fine start to our day...especially since it was free. The woman working the breakfast was quite odd - very friendly, but also a bit too talkative. I know that sounds rude to say, but I'm not sure how else to describe our daily interactions.We didn't experience issues with the staff the way other travelers have, although they certainly weren't the most accomodating team either. They strictly enforce their 3 pm check-in, despite our attempts to get into the room earlier. They do have a locked room to hold your bags until your room is ready. Because of its location a few blocks from the river, we did experience a decent amount of noise - mostly the steam boat whistles as they pulled in  out. As a New Yorker, we weren't too phased by it but it may be something worth considering. The noise may also be less if your room isn't facing Decatur Street as ours was.Overall, we loved our stay and were sad to leave. If we ever find ourselves in New Orleans again (which I hope we do), we will absolutely consider The Bienville House again. It is a great value for your money with it's ideal location and charming decor.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>sweetpea34
<Content>Great hotel, great visit, great city! Thoroughly enjoyed my 7-day stay at the Bienville. Very well situated in French Quarter. Lots to do nearby. Clean, well-decorated room with all we needed. Small but cozy lobby, European-style. All-you-can-eat continental breakfast. Single slow elevator but only 4 floors (walk up!). Single computer / free Internet. Friendly concierge. Ask for room overlooking small pool and courtyard (very quiet). Some rooms on the 4th floor have no windows. True, you can hear the train at night once in a while. Small parking area but came by plane for AMORC convention and city visit. Do not sell stamps for our postcards! No shuttle service but taxi van available ($) to get to bus/train terminal or airport. Expensive to phone from your hotel room, even with calling card. No restaurants on the premises but very good ones close by. NOLA is a wonderful place to visit. Southern hospitality was much appreciated! I would gladly go back to this hotel on a return visit!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>misseattle
<Content>Perfect Location, Awesome Stay!       desk  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ColoradoMoxie
<Content>Good experience, loved the decor. Loved the decor, the staff was very friendly. Breakfast was good. Bed was comfortable. I would recommend courtyard exposure as Decauter St can be loud.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jessbug58
<Content>New Orleans Charm Had an excellent five night stay at the Bienville Hotel while I was in New Orleans for a conference. It wasn't the closest hotel to the conference center (for that go with the Hilton), but it is only two blocks from Bourbon Street - which I considered more important being that I was traveling alone and am female and I'm not one to sit in my room twiddling my thumbs.The hotel has a nice lobby, wonderful staff, a small pool and breakfast area downstairs. My room was HUGE, a plus, but right next to a busy road, a minus. Not so negative that I needed to change rooms though. The rooms were nicely decorated and on par for it's star rating. I would say the reason I wanted to write a review is due to the staff who were almost more charming than the decour.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>AnaBeaverhausen
<Content>Guest Service?! Guest service is possibly the most important aspect of a hotel stay, in my opinion. To say that the Bienville House needs work in this area is an understatement. I don't remember any time in my life where I was so offended by a guest service representative than when I was in contact with this hotel. They refused to help me in any form, and when I talked to management, I got the same kind of treatment. I love New Orleans. I will never, ever stay at the Bienville House, nor will I ever recommend it to friends.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	1	1	

<Author>blissbandits
<Content>Loved the Bienville!! My husband and i stayed at the Bienville house for 3 nights for our wedding anniversary. This hotel is awesome! We had to park at the sister hotel which was only a block or 2 away, but we parked the car and never needed. This hotel is close to everything. You can walk to bourbon st, french market, jackson square, the river is across the street. The location is perfect. The hotel is beautiful, the staff was super nice. We met the plant lady while she cared for the balcony plants and she was so nice, and gave insight to the city. The pool is small, but we never used it. But the courtyard and pool setting is beautiful. We will DEFINATELY stay here again.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>alovestravel
<Content>great location This hotel is in a great location - close to everything. Check out the record store just down the street and also the little candy shop, along with the very short walk to the French Quarter. Since we were headed out to the jazz fest, we reserved a spot on the Grayline bus and bought our ticket through them as well. The Grayline pickup is right down the street where the paddle wheel boats leave and they drive you directly into the jazz fest and back. It was easy. Our room was very spacious and beautiful. The main room had a sofa bed, round table and large TV. The bedroom had a large bed, armoire with TV and attached bathroom. The thermostat only worked for the room with the sofa bed and so the bedroom was constantly at an icy temperature. Also, the first night they did not have any bedding for the sofa bed and couldn't find a blanket for it. You need to pay for internet service. Breakfast on the first morning was skimpy because they did not replenish, even 1/2 hour before they said that things were closing down. The person who was helping there was nice, though.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>jme1beachbum
<Content>Loved the Bienville House       Front of Bienville House Hotel  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>FMauney
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, Great City This is a lovely hotel in a great location. We absolutely fell in love with New Orleans and can't wait to go back. We'll definitely stay in Bienville House again.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>advantagec
<Content>If You Love Trains..... Our room had a view of the river, and of course, the train tracks beside the river. I caught some catnaps in between the train whistles during the night. Those air horns on trains will wake up even a heavy sleeper like me. And thanks, Bienville House, for the 80 cent charge for local calls. I do not recommend this hotel for anyone.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Dianefromderby
<Content>Fabulous boutique hotel, great location Bienville House Hotel is located at 320 Decatur St in New Orleans, LA. We found a great deal and paid $89/night ($104.11 including all taxes and parking).A beautiful property with marble in foyer, flat screen near the breakfast room, quiet atmosphere (could hear seagulls, streetcar and ship whistles in the distance), limited parking (although they can send your car over to the sister hotel, Monteleone). Picturesque breakfast tables beside the small pool in the fountain area.Our room had two double beds, 10' (or taller) French doors to a wrought-iron railed balcony with two chairs, overlooking the pool/fountain courtyard. We encountered perfect room heating/air conditioning without any noises from air handlers. Usually a pet peeve of mine, but not at Bienville House!We enjoyed a lovely stay in this beautiful property.Complimentary toiletries from London (shampoo, conditioner, lotion, soap), USA Today, Wall Street Journal, extremely luxurious beds, plenty of acceptable towels and striped, white, cotton damask sheets (highest quality).Breakfast was a continental affair which, unfortunately, ran out of orange juice two hours before its conclusion and offered only whole milk. So if you arrived late, you could eat tasty pastries (my spouse saw a Cafe du Monde bakery box in the trash) and drink either whole milk or ice water.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>klenc
<Content>Hot and uncomfortable We selected this hotel by mistake. We thought we were booking a hotel that we had stayed at a few years ago. The location states French Quarter - this may be but it is on the very outskirts. We were afraid to walk back to the hotel at night from Bourbon Street. We took a cab for safety. The hotel itself is quite lovely - very ornate decor. Front desk help at check in was rude. The room had 2 dbl beds with a set of french doors that opened on to a very small balcony overlooking a very small courtyard pool which was very shaded. There were beautiful flower baskets hanging from all of the balconies. Room was average size with a $10 a day charge for internet connection. Unfortunately the beds we soft, lumpy and extremely uncomfortable without double sheeted linens. The room had a thermostat which we turned down to 55 degrees because the room was sweltering. This probably turned the heat off but did not kick on any airconditioning so we slept with the french doors open (no screens) and the noise was deafning. We had a horrible night's sleep and were glad we had only booked the room for one night. If you are looking for a good nights sleep and a location near to the action in the french quarter this is not the place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	2	4	2	-1	3	

<Author>PS-Glasgow
<Content>Beautiful hotel let down by lack of care  Bienville House is a very nice hotel and I really like the location, on the edge of the French Quarter.The rooms are airy and spacious with very high ceilings, big windows and nice decor.The hotel is an important part of the holiday for me and I like to spend time making sure I find somewhere nice in a good location. Having found that at Bienville House it was a shame that I wasn't made to feel as well looked after as I like to feel when I stay in a nice hotel...I agree with other reviewers comments about customer service and was disappointed with the lack of care and attention to detail;- No pleasantries or welcome greeting from reception staff- No early check in on arrival- Breakfast from 7am until 10am - or until they run out! At 9.15am on Sunday morning it was over...- Gilchrist and Soames toiletries are provided - or not... We weren't left any shampoo on arrival, thought this was an oversight I expected it to be left when my room was serviced. Only once I left a note did we get our GS shampoo...These small details didn't spoil our holiday but were a little disappointing.Watch out for the noise from a club across the street from the hotel on a Saturday night - limits to what the hotel can do about it but it was so loud the windows were moving!'Hostel' a new bar across the road is worth stopping off for a drink on the way home.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wundrwomynn
<Content>A Wonderful Stay at the Bienville House! We stayed at the Bienville house from 2/20-2/23 for a convention. It was less than a 3/4 mile walk to the convention center each day. The staff was always friendly and welcoming and willing to answer all questions and requests. The hotel was beautifully decorated and is on the national register of historic inns. We stayed in the oversize king balcony room which I highly recommend as it included a chaise lounge and balcony doors looking out onto the pretty courtyard. We did not swim as it was February but the pool looked inviting. It is not huge but plenty big to take a dip in the humid weather. Continental breakfast (7-9am) wasn't anything amazing: some bagels, muffins, croissants which appeared pre-packaged. One day they were out of OJ by 8am and another day they had no cream cheese. But you don't come to New Orleans to eat hotel free breakfasts! We preferred Petunia's, Cafe du Monde or Cafe Beignet. It is within easy walking distance of all the French Quarter attractions. We could hear the train that ran along the riverfront although it didn't seem to come in the middle of the night. The rooms were plush and bathrobes were included. Overall, a wonderful stay. We are definitely coming back!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BigtimeFun
<Content>Happy Mardi Gras!!!!! Owned by the Monteleone family, this is a wonderful place that has to be appreciated in a botique hotel perspective. Rooms great, some have only showers, slow elevator but who cares, more time to visit. Staf we had were all superb and the price especially for MardiGras weekend was superb. Had stayed there several years back and it has gotten better with age:)  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>six06
<Content>southern hospitality, old world charm my first trip to nola was made a memorable one by staying in a lovely place like the Bienville. it was shortly after 9-11 when the toursim industry had taken a big hit so we were able to secure an EXCELLENT bargain. we stayed two nights in this luxurious hotel. i am a sucker for historical buildings, and this was a prime example. the high ceilings and windows just added to the beauty of this place. in a place like nola where the city never sleeps, i found the muffled sounds of piano coming from the bar across the street to be a nice addition to the ambiance of the experience, rather than a nuisance. the hotel is in walking distance to many great attractions that we took full advantage of. the staff was courteous and very very pleasant. my husband and i enjoy doing both the touristy thing AND asking the locals for suggestions. the staff was more than helpful in this regard. i'd much rather visit a place suggested and recommended by a local than something the tourist department put together because the company paid for it to be pushed. you get a better local experience this way and we were more than happy to listen to what the nice folks working there at the hotel had to say. overall, this was one of the best trips i'd ever taken thanks to the kind staff, the beautiful hotel and the amazing deal we got on the hotel. if you have a chance, check out the courtyard pool. it's gorgeous, but since we went in december, didn't use it. still, it was lovely enough to have inspired a painting from me.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>christinec222
<Content>Horrible Customer Service Everyone from the front desk employees to the manager had horrible attitudes and a general we don't really care attitude. When we got to the hotel we were told in a very rude way that there was no parking availble for us and that we'd have to park at another hotel. After getting to the other hotel, we still weren't able to park for 20 minutes. Also, make very sure you check with them BEFORE you get there if you are traveling with pets. We booked the room through Hotels.com and they told us pets were not a problem. Come to find out they wanted to charge us a $125 NON REFUNDABLE pet fee for my 7 pound dog. Despite all of this, I will say the room was very nice, clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	1	1	3	

<Author>inditraveler
<Content>Delightful Lovely Hotel. Clean, polite, service/help oriented staff. Great location for the FQ. We had a room w/ 2 doubles and no balcony. Yet we still had floor to cieling french doors that opened to a nice courtyard giving us fresh air and we could see the Charles River. Room ws so pretty and roomy. Everything we needed was there. Only 'complaint' was beds were too soft - but we were just fine. Didn't need a car, wonderful staff. Beverly  Lucious were the best. We are mature travelers so Bourbon Street was too wild for us - but the side streets were great. And directly across the street from the Bienville House is a terrific bar that has great local talent. last night we listed to a Beatles review - and it was like playing the record. Enjoy - be safe, and consider Bienville House for your visit to Bienville House.The Aquarium is one of the best I've seen. IMAX is co-located and walking distance from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>memboy
<Content>Poor Customer Service When I arrived by car, I was told that the parking lot was full. I was given a parking pass for another hotel and had to get back into my car and drive to another hotel and then walk back to Bienville House. The distance was not far, but still the fact that they ran out of parking sounded like poor planning to me. When I complained, the staff had a Sorry, Charlie attitude. When I checked out I had to walk back to the other hotel carrying my luggage. Of course, I was still charged the full $20 per night parking price.The front desk and parking staff were indifferent at best throughout my stay. The hotel itself is attractive, clean, and in a very good location. My room was well furnished and clean. The bed was very comfortable. The plumbing, television, and air conditioning worked well. I recommend asking for a room that does not face Decatur Street if you are a light sleeper. The hotel is across the street from a fire station, and I was disturbed several times by people talking on loud speakers as well as noisy pedestrians and cars playing loud rap music. The maid service was fair. They did a good cleaning job but failed to restock the coffee.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlepro
<Content>IF Nordstrom's ran a hotel One of the great small hotels with the best staff and service. Always a pleasure to stay here with easy access in and out of the Quarter.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>worldtraveler20
<Content>Great location, except for the noise I had stayed here before many years ago and loved it so I thought I'd stay again. Originally, we had booked an inside room but were upgraded to a balcony on the 2nd floor that faced Decauter. The location of this hotel is great - in the French Quarter, about 2 blocks from Jackson Sq. Our room was big, high ceilings, the balcony was HUGE and had a little table and chairs. The only downside was the noise. First, there is a fire station directly across from the hotel. Second, there are also a few nightclubs across the way too. Literally, it felt like we were sleeping INSIDE the club. Luckily, I am a very sound sleeper (I can truly sleep through anything). The music went on until 3 am. They had just finished renovating the pool and I think they made it smaller - it's about 4 feet long by 3 feet wide - more like a big jacuzzi really. The staff were nice and they have a computer in the lobby with internet which you can use for free. I think in the future I might look for a hotel in the French Quarter that is set back a bit more or I'd book an interior room here.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>pdurbin
<Content>Great Location, Great City Perfect location, walking distance to everything. Great staff, charming rooms, pool under construction during my visit.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>WINolagirl
<Content>Delightful Hotel I have stayed in New Orleans before and found this hotel completely charming. My room was on the 4th floor which leads out to sun porches. Great place for morning coffee. Staff was friendly and manager was a delight. I would recommend this hotel to anyone. Rooms had a cozy cottage feel to them and were very clean comfortable. They are in the process of renovating the pool and upgrading other areas of the hotel. I was aware of this before I booked so was not disappointed. Staff was very apologetic about the renovations. If you want something that is not your run of the mill chain hotel and would like something quaint do not hesitate to stay here.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	5	3	

<Author>VeronicaG
<Content>Great Service, Good Location, Excellent Stay!! My husband and I booked at this hotel for out wedding anniversary (we got married in New Orleans), I wasn't sure what to expect given the mixed reviews on this website. Pleasantly surprised!! I had stayed at this hotel over 10 years ago, and my goodness, what a facelift it has gotten!! Rooms were lovely and clean, bathroom was same. Staff was pleasant and helpful. For previous reviews complaining about the pay per use Wifi, there is a computer in the lobby near the front desk for guest usage for free. I know, not the same as using your laptop in your room, but handy for checking email and flight status. Pool was being refurbished, but that seemed to be the only complaint I could find, as you think they could have saved it for off-season. Would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>sceck
<Content>Couldn't have been more pleased!!! After searching the internet for hotels, website to website, we decided to call the Bienville House. After speaking with Beverly, a hotel employee, we were sold. She was a fabulous representative of the hotel, and told us that we wouldn't want to stay anywhere else. Good start. Upon arrival we found that Beverly was on her days off. A little disappointed, we found that Duane was the representative of the hotel during our stay. She couldn't have been nicer or more attentive. In fact, we had a little heat related issue and Duane had anticipated our situation and was prepared for us when we walked into the lobby after our day of tourism. More than anyone anywhere could have expected. Although the pool was under construction we found the hotel to be perfect, and the staff more than perfect. Our time in the hotel was short, but our needs were more than met. Truly, those who send poor reviews must be unhappy people or have needs that will NEVER be met. On our checkout day, Beverly was at work and very happy to see that we had been accommodated. Thanks to Clark, Duane, and Beverly our stay was extremely enjoyable. By the way, the parking arrangement couldn't have been better. We won't stay anywhere else.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MRDable
<Content>Don't go! Woken at 7 AM treated like poorly and with no apologies! Ridiculous!!! This hotel came highly recommended from several people. All seemed well to begin with. There were two couples staying and my friend's room was ready while mine was not. The bell hop parked our cars and took all luggage upstairs. We went back to check into my room about 2 hours later where I asked to upgrade. The clerk, named Clark was pleasant and told me he would charge the fee to my already on file credit card. The room was nice and comfortable. I wish this were the end.At 7:00 AM there was a loud knocking on my door. When I asked who it was I was informed Security, I need you to open the door. I did and was asked to come downstairs and speak with the manager. She said we were not booked in the room. I told him I was not comfortable, so he asked for my ID and my credit card! Yeah right! Like I will be handing that to some Security without credentials. I told him she could come ask me herself. She came to my door 20 minutes later and pounded. When I answered she grilled me and asked how I got keys and who was I and that I NEEDED to PAY for the room. This was the same woman who had originally told me my room was not ready, so I politely asked her to check the previous room. She said she didn't remember me and I had to come downstairs immediately and pay. Finally I gave her my previous number and she said she would fix it. No apology, nothing. They woke me and my husband up twice in NEW ORLEANS at 7:00 AM!!!!! When I went to check out, she was RUDE and didn't ever apologize. I inquired why she was being so abrasive and rude and she told me I said I was sorry, these things happen! They will be hearing a letter from me! On another note, my friend had a SUITE which had small children and kept her up all night. Nice place, but IT'S NOT WORTH THE RUDE MANAGER and POOR TREATMENT! Stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	4	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>cindarella_7
<Content>Welcome home to New Orleans This was the first year that New Orleans welcomed back the Essence Festival and what a welcome we received. The accommodations for the price and location was outstanding. The front desk personnel were the best when it came to making sure we had all that we needed to enjoy our stay, as well as being very informative on local events, and restaurants. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>SourcesOnline
<Content>Pretty Good...with Some Oddities I usually write nice reviews of places I鈥檝e stayed. And though I enjoyed the Bienville House, I have some mixed feelings about it.The Bienville House lobby is small and picturesque. Front desk staff, though, doesn鈥檛 exactly display that fabled southern hospitality. You can walk through the lobby, which is about as big as a living room, and you鈥檒l get no hello, good morning, or any kind of acknowledgement from the front desk staff. Bellmen were nice, though.Seemed like a slow period in the French Quarter and not a lot of people there. But front desk staff informed me that I couldn鈥檛 check in until 3:00. In fact, when I came back to the hotel at 3:15, I was told that my room still wasn鈥檛 ready. This is a sore point with me with hotels in general. If a similar room is available (and this hotel didn鈥檛 seem full at all), why not let someone who has traveled several hours to a destination check in early?!Room was charmingly decorated and clean, although, I dropped my eyeglasses behind the bed on the first night, and in searching for them, came across a used prophylactic under the bed. Which was still there when I left after the third night. And I bet it is still there today.The bed was possibly the most comfortable hotel bed in which I have ever slept. I had a nice view of the Mississippi River from my room. Sunday morning at 9:00 AM the maid knocked long and hard on the door! (Checkout time is at 12:00 noon, but I wasn鈥檛 even scheduled to checkout that day anyway) Finally, when she got no answer from me, she went away. Only to come back fifteen minutes later ! (鈥?:15 am on a Sunday!...) Again knocking persistently on the door! Again trying the locks. When I shouted, irritably, 鈥淚鈥檓 sleeping鈥?she replied innocently in broken English 鈥淒o you want some coffee?鈥?When no answer from me she again repeated 鈥淒o you want some coffee?鈥? Finally (no answer from me again) she went away. Next two days I used the privacy sign on the door and had no problems.Another strange incident. I came back to my room in the mid-afternoon. The door to the room was wide-open and the maid was putting the finishing touches on the bathroom. I literally stood right behind her in the bathroom and she did not hear me there. I left the room. However, if I was a robber, I would have had free access to anything in that room and the maid wouldn鈥檛 have even known someone had been there.The restaurant on site was closed, there was no room service, and the courtyard pool was closed. But the hotel in located in a great location in the French Quarter and there are many restaurants within an easy walk.All in all, though, yes, I can recommend the hotel as it is lovely and in a nice location. But one has to be tolerant of its little quirks. And Sunday morning at nine in the morning I wasn't feeling so tolerant.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>2	4	5	5	4	2	2	3	

<Author>suzyjt2000
<Content>No Complaints This hotel was our 2nd hotel on a tour we were doing, staff very friendly, room really nice apart from noisey in the morning. and new orleans was fantastic.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mattolas
<Content>Hated it! What a horrible experience. I would never book this hotel again. The rooms are tiny and the ones that face Decatur street are so noisy you can't sleep. We woke to 2 men on our balcony at 6:30 am. one morning. There is no parking and therefore they send you 2 blocks over to another hotel to park your car. The front desk help has attitude and really is no help at all. I booked a baIcony but was told that would cost more to upgrade. The hotel has wi-fi but you pay $10.00 a day for it. I was extremely disappointed because the website made this hotel look so pretty. If I had some other place to go, I would not have stayed 2 nights in this hotel. I should have listened to the other reviews about this place but I thought I was getting a good deal from Expedia. You get what you pay for!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	1	1	1	

<Author>alanannemarie
<Content>we are going back excellent location,really nicerooms,very pleasant and helpful staff. the hotel has a lovely friendly feeling and clean throughout  
<Date>May 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>FunGuySantaRosa
<Content>very sad I have stayed at The Bienville House before under different management it was the best place to stay in New Orleans, friendly staff, for the most part, but things have changed for the worst after the asst. manager left. My reservation was not there, I had a confirmation number , no one knew me, parking issues, more problems with the elevator breaking, and they have alot of drama going on at the front desk at times , and the new manager and management team was not very helpful. They did not want to come out and talk with me. We would come with a group of friends, but after the last visit when we were there in Feburary 2007 we will no longer stay at The Bienville House. We have found another charming hotel in the french quarter for our stay.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>PattiCarbone
<Content>Great place to stay! My husband and I had been to New Orleans on two previous occasions-for the French Quarter Festival and for Mardi Gras just prior to Katrina. Even with remodeling going on, our stay at the Bienville House was wonderful! Our room was large, decorated with period furnishings/antiques and the bed was the most comfortable we have had at any hotel.The hotel was just as the pictures on the websites showed, the staff was friendly and helpful and even though the Heritage Cafe and Gamay Bistro were not open as the websites said, we had a wonderful stay at the Bienville House. We have already recommended to our friends who will be going to the Jazz Fest to check out the Bienville House for a great time.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>birdie
<Content>Very Satisfied With This Hotel Stayed here as part of a coach tour package and was very happy with the level of service we recieved. It is not a four star establishment but if you are looking for good clean accomidation in the French Quarter Area then you will be happy with this hotel. Like all hotels little things mean a lot and the manager took the time to board the coach after our two night stay and thank us for visiting there hotel and to revisit when we could and after all the troubles the people of New Orleans have had since Katrina I thank you for a plesant stay and good luck for the future.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>italianaeorgogliosa
<Content>bad surprise Room was ok. Service was terrible. We reserved parking and paid for it but had problems everyday getting a spot due to concierge stupidity. When asked to talk to manager, they reply there was no manager on duty on the weekend????? Staff was not helpfull at all. For three days we came back to our room around 5/6pm and the room was still not done, which is really a problem if you have dinner reservations and need to take a shower and get ready after a day of sightseeing. It is not nice to have to wait in the lobby for your room to get clean when you are tired and just want to relax a few minutes before dinner. What was worst we did not even received an apology. It was like the were doing us a favour...we will never stay here again even if we got best rates  
<Date>Feb 24, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	3	2	2	1	1	

<Author>masumas
<Content>I like this hotel. I stayed at the Bienville House on September,2004. About a year before Katrina. This hotel is located at the end of FQ. But still convenient location. I was able to get to the BOURBON STREET within 8 minutes. The hotel was generally old and small.The room was old too and elevator was slow. But it was not a big problem. The front clerks were fine(I don't know the rude staff about whom someone mentioned. Maybe I was lucky...). One of them had been to Japan and knew about Japan a little. So I talked with her pleasantly. My room had a balcony but it is so small and trite. So didn't enter there.This hotel has tiny restaurant named Louisiana Heritage Cafe. I ate there two times. The cuisine was decent and staff was friendly. But I thought it was a bit expensive. This restaurant is always empty.So if you don't like to go to crowded restaurant or hate queuing, try this restaurant.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MexicoBob25
<Content>Loved the Bienville, but the constuction going on was a bother The Bienville House is very nice with much character. The location can not be beat. It is in the middle of the French Quarter. Enjoyed looking out the windows of the room at the different sights.The elevator is slow but that is part of the experience. This is not a hotel for someone looking for your usual high-rise hotel. It is on the small side.We have stayed there before and will stay there again. However, we will wait until they finish the contruction going on. Many of the rooms are being redone (Katrina??). Created some noise if you are next to them.The rooms are large, well decorated. Service was outstanding. We had a great experience.It appeared they should be through with the construction very soon.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>cajunyank
<Content>Location-Efficient Staff-Clean We stayed one night and had a beautiful corner room overlooking both Decatur Street and the pool and were not disturbed by noises from the street. The staff was very helpful for restaurant reservations and checkin/out was quick. The room and bathroom was very spacious and clean. And the location was ideal. We dropped in across the street to Kerrys Irish Pub for some nice entertainment and brews. Overall it was a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amynicole21
<Content>Started off pretty rocky, but they redeemed themselves We arrived in NOLA on a typical August day - 200 degrees with 190% humidity. We checked in and were shown to room 205 which looked lovely, but was warm when we walked in. The bellman turned the thermostat down to 55, but it never got any cooler. We complained at the front desk, and they looked as if they hear the same complaint all of the time. They said they would look into it, but it was due to the floor to ceiling windows in the room. They ended up saying they were sorry, but there were no rooms they could move us to and gave us a box fan. We sweated through the next two nights in misery.The 3rd day we joked with the desk clerk that we would be sleeping on the couches in the lobby that night. She upgraded us to a suite with no windows that night, which we promptly set to 55 degrees and loved it! Besides the heat, we had no issues with the hotel. It was clean, quiet and in a great location for us. The bellman was incredibly helpful with making reservations for us and recommending places to visit and eat. Just don't let them put you in room 205!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2006
<Rating>3	4	1	4	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ktims
<Content>We love the Bienville! We just got back from The Bienville House. We had a wonderful time. The location of this place is worth anything you will pay. It is perfect! You can be anywhere in 4 blocks. The bellman was very helpful. He told us the ends  outs of the quarter  got us lots of good deals. (He saved us $100 one night) We will definately be back  will never stay anywhere else! We were there July 20-23, 2006, please tell EVERYONE that New Orleans is back  hopping! Go see for yourself!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>SteveTheTraveler
<Content>Not great I was at the Bienville House for two nights. When I arrived I was told that there was no on-site parking. Fortunately, there was a parking lot ($20 per day) across the street. Next I encountered the rude desk clerk who has been mentioned on this site before. (I wish she'd find another job not in the hospitality business). Anyway, she informed me at 1:00 that there was NO early check-in and told me to come back after 3:00. I actually understand that policy but the hotel was practically empty and I think she just wanted to be mean. The room was ok but it didn't seem or smell terribly clean. The fixtures in the room (carpet, bedding, chairs) were old and musty. Not much of a view, either. The one elevator was tiny, slow, and very, very hot. There must be no insulation between the floors because you can hear every footstep on the floor above. Overall, the place just gave me the creeps and with so many good hotels in the French Quarter, I won't be staying at the Bienville House again.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>Pelar
<Content>don't stay in the french quarter Our room was located on the third floor in an outside area, and unfortunately, we had sexually explicit party girls in the room right next to ours. Needless to say, we had no sleep and it was so ridiculous. I wrote the manager a friendly but firm letter about our total disgust with the siutation (over a month ago), and have gotten NO response. I will not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>With a few improvements could be really good hotel I wish the hotel had asked for a review on check-out because I'd love to be saying this where I felt it could make a difference. This could be a very sweet little hotel, but there were several things that could be improved. First of all, the positives: very easy to find location, very nice lobby, the hotel is true to pictures on the web site. Small, intimate, feels very safe. Parking very convenient, and location is convenient to many things in the Quarter. (We parked the car and walked most of the time.) Rooms well decorated, nice spreads, curtains, etc. Very tasteful. Mattresses comfy. Clean.Negatives: I stayed two nights and heard my neighbors (not the same people) both nights. The first night it was a group of 20-something males and they were a bit rowdy and I finally broke down and called them and they quieted down. The next night it was a family group and they weren't particularly noisy, it was just that my room was located on a common patio (shared by three rooms) and I think the patio magnified the noise. The WiFi (not free) was PAINFULLY slow and the afternoon/evening desk clerk knew nothing about the internet. Her best suggestion: wait until the 11 p.m. clerk comes on duty. The next morning when I tried to access again, the clerk knew exactly what the problem was and rebooted it and got it going immediately. Too bad the afternoon/evening clerk was clueless.The thermostat is slow to respond to change. The room was a few degrees warmer than I wanted on check in and it took hours to get the temp down. Water pressure low. (Might be a Katrina-related problem).Parking is very limited and some folks left in their vehicles in the driveway blocking other cars. It would be nice if the front desk required folks to leave their keys if their car blocks another car. I had to chase down the owner of the car blocking mine; thankfully I found them quickly.I know this might sound nit-picky, but I got a rude awakening the first morning because the last person staying in my room used the alarm clock and left the alarm on for 6 a.m. I think a good housekeeping staff should have turn off all radio alarms on their list when a room is vacated. Speaking of the alarm clock, it was so cheap it couldn't pick up the local public radio station without very heavy static. I'm a Public Radio junky, love to get ready in the morning to public radio news, and really hated that the cheap little radio couldn't pick up the local station. I carried it all around the room trying hoping that the reception might improve, but no luck.I think this hotel could be a great place with a little more attention to details like these above.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjviking17
<Content>Rude! It's too bad that they have a front desk staff that should never be allowed to work in any service industry. We were not given the rate we were promised over the phone thru a 1-800 number,but charged a $100 more with not even the possibility of them taking any money off.That would have been bad enough but most frustrating was the horrible attitude of the people at the front desk . It was as if you were supposed to be thankful that you were even allowed to stay in their hotel.I would never stay here again or recommend it...go somewhere where the still vibrant and friendly New Orleans spirit survives.Too bad because the location is good and the king bed was very comfortable...elevator is awful.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>stedmacl
<Content>no individual climate controls, one temp for all! I realize this is post Katrina, but, hotel has no individual climate control, per hotel clerk Beverly there is only one boiler and air conditioner for the entire hotel, they were willing to tape up the vents but that is all. My room was 66 degrees! with winter and lows to 40 degrees overnight, the non-stop blowing cold air was unbearable! I taped up the cover sheet over the vent and it blew so hard it stood straight out! No parking at hotel regardless of advertising, the parking across the street was 20 per day no in/ out privileges, some of the staff was ok, but barely. our entire group of 8 had rooms reserved for 3 weeks more and we canceled them, will never stay here again. Great location, and if you dont need your room to be bearable this is the place for you.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Rude Desk Clerk is still there!! We stayed in the Bienville House March, 2004. Enjoyed the quaint charm, but the experience was not worth the price because of, yes, THE RUDE DESK CLERK! (who wants attitude on vacation?) and the out of order elevator and being renovated and off limits pool/courtyard. We could have just walked by the hotel to see the cute facade and stayed somewhere that was in working order with pleasant staff. I was upset enough to fight, and I had to fight, for a partial refund since the hotel did not bother to inform us of the hotel's condition when we made reservations. Actually, I think we booked online, but I can't remember site. Anyway, eventually we got the refund. Stay somewhere else.p.s. I actually googled the hotel today, kind of hoping Katrina had wiped them out...  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Quaint hotel I stayed at the Bienville House for a conference and loved the charm of the place. All of the desk clerks I dealt with were very helpful, especially when I was checking in at 10am (early flight) and they had no rooms ready. She was very helpful and gave me suggestions of what to do that early in the morning and they got me a room as soon as possible. I had a room with a wonderful balcony for people watching. I also ate at the restaurant my first night and they were very helpful to a single woman dining alone. The only drawback was the elevator - it actually broke down a couple of times while I was there and once one of the porters got stuck for awhile. I started taking the stairs! Overall I had a wonderful time and will come back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bienville house okay but we encountered some problems I just read the reviews about the rude desk clerk and I'm sure it's probably the same young lady we encountered. I just spent 3 nights at the Bienville House with my family. The first evening the power went off in our room and I called the front desk to report. The clerk told me she would have it checked on right away. About 45 minutes later my husband went down to inquire about it and the clerk was on a personal telephone call and left him standing there 10 minutes before she looked up. Other than that we had a fairy pleasant stay at the Bienville house. The balcony was very nice and also the pool area. The room was clean except for the cockroach problem. The last night of our trip my husband turned down the bed and found a huge cockroach run across the bed!! My stepdaughters also saw a couple in the downstairs restroom one evening. For the price of this hotel, I think they should improve their quality of service and also get rid of the roaches.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>eos_domestic_goddess
<Content>A nice hotel with a quirky little elevator I found this hotel on Travelzoo, and chose it for the price ($89.) and the location. My husband was attending a conference at the Sheraton on Canal Street, and we didn't want to stay in a 1000 room hotel. This was in the French Quarter, only 2 blocks from Canal St., 3 blocks from the huge Riverwalk Mall, 1 block from the Natchez Steamboat; great location. We had a lovely room with a king bed, and a view of the river. The only drawback was the single elevator; it was extremely slow. We would go back again.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Twinferret
<Content>Jazz Memories To Stir Your Spirit Next to the world-renown food in the Big Easy the best take home souvenir/memories we have found of this magical city is the cabaret production of Louis Armstrong greats at the Bienville House Hotel, on Decatur Street in the Qtr. A jazz production by professionals not to be missed!We have visited New Orleans many, many times, and the trashy trinkets of Bourbon get old after a while.Renew your New Orleans spirit by experiencing this wonderful production and the fun finale  second string parade. Being led by the wonderful band(check out the Denzel Washington look-alike on the horn) and Miss Julie with her bright yellow ruffled umbrella and commanding whistle, down a block or two of Decatur, I promise you'll feel like a kid again!!Call the Hotel for times but there are two shows nightly, Wed-Sat, to fill your heart with good memories of What it means to be in New Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Front desk the rudest I have even encountered. Windowless room... As VP of a corporate meeting/event planning company, I spend half my life in hotels. I am familiar with many of the large N.O. from previous events I held in the city. We wanted to stay somewhere small in the FQ for my fiance's birthday. When we arrived at the Bienville House, we were told It will be $50 a night to upgrade to a balcony room. by an extremely unpleasant front desk clerk. I asked if any were available. She told us no, but to check back the next day, there were several departures and one should be available. We were surprised to get to our room and see that it did not have a window. It was pitch black inside the room. There also was a problem with the hair dryer. I called down to the front desk twice and requested a new one. It was never delivered. We went back to the desk the following morning and were told that there were no other rooms even at the extra $$. The new clerk called in the res. mgr. She was pleasant, but explained that there were simply no rooms available - no one was arriving or departing. We just wanted a room with a window. Not an upgrade, we just wanted a window. During the course of that day we saw at least 8 people checking into the hotel. Since we were told that there were no arrivals/departures, my fiance finally went back to the desk that evening and asked the 1st clerk, why we couldn't have gotten a room with a window. She snapped at him Because they paid for those rooms and you booked through Expedia! You are not allowed to get another room. He said We booked a standard room, there was nothing about not having a window. She replied That's what you get when you book through Expedia. From that point on she ignored him. If we went to the front desk and he asked for something she would turn to me and say Ma'm.... and only answer me. I have never seen a hotel employee behave this way. 3 days in a room with no light is quite unpleasant. We had no idea if it was day or night when we woke up. You had to walk down the hall in order to see what the weather was like. The desk clerk would turn her back as soon as she saw us coming for the last 2 days of the trip. We love N.O., but this will definitely be the last time I stay at the Bienville House  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Experience I take a yearly trip to NOLA with friends and try to stay in a new hotel each time. This year I booked the stay for the Bienville House because I didn't want to stay right on Bourbon Street. We were greeted by a very friendly and polite staff. The room we were given for our 1st night stay was not the type requested when making the reservation, and the hotel was completely booked for the evening.(i made my reservation using expedia... no room guarantee) I was asked to check back in the morning, which I did and everything was done to get us moved to a more comfortable room. In other reviews, I read complaints about noise, and was concerned. Upon arriving and getting settled, I was relieved to find that the noise level was nothing compared to Bourbon Street. The French Quarter is a noisy place. Plain and simple. If quiet is what you are looking for, try the Garden District. I am an extremely light sleeper and had no problem whatsoever with the noise.The restaurant at the hotel was clean and the staff was warm and accomadating. The food was wonderful, we ate breakfast there every morning. The only thing I can really say was below standard is the elevator. It is very slow, very small and very hot....I am looking forward to next years trip and will book again at the Bienville House.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderfully convenient The mother/daughter trip was a success! We flew into New Orleans and took a shuttle to the Bienville House ( and booked the return shuttle at the same time). I had read many reviews and selected the Bienville House for our four-day trip. The room was very satisfactory with comfy beds and a courtyard shared with three rooms (handy for smokers). We did not need a rental car. We covered everything by foot--the casino, the aquarium, caught the St. Charles streetcar, attended a concert at the House of Blues, Jackson Brewery shopping complex, River Walk shopping, antique shopping, DuMondes, Aunt Sally Pralines, Central Grocery. Don't neglect the candy store right next door to the hotel. The staff was courteous, New Orleans is always fun, and it was a great trip.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Window-less rooms Booked 3 rooms for five family members for 2 nights via the Internet at a very good rate. Probably the good rate was because the 3 adjacent rooms on the 4th floor had no windows, which I was not informed of in advance. Service was generally good but some confusion between the front desk and the bell station regarding advance notice to book a cab to the Delta Queen wharf on our departure day nevertheless we did make it and in one cab. Breakfast in the hotel restaurant was quite good. Would suggest only booking rooms overlooking the lovely pool courtyard.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful French Quarter Hotel-Bienville House Me and My husband stayed in New Orleans over the 4th of July holiday and had a wonderful time and the Bienville House- it felt like home. We checked in with no problem, due to holiday we had prepaid stay. Our room was big and very clean with a balcony over the pool area. The desk always greeted us we we entered or left the hotel- even used our name! The hotel is small and quaint and we loved it! WE WILL BE RETURNING AGAIN AGAIN  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ace
<Content>Wonderful!!! I just returned from a six-day trip to New Orleans and stayed at the Bienville House in the Quarter. Wonderful is the best word I could use to describe this hotel. I walked through the door on the first day and was wisked up to my large fourth-floor room (with a beautiful courtyard). The room was bright, clean, and very comfortible. The staff (especially everyone at the front desk) was polite, professional, and eager to tend to my every need. I've stayed in several hotels in the French Quarter over the years, large convention hotels to small BB's and overall, this place was the best. Breakfast was excellent and the shady pool area was clean, nice and cool (last week was one of the hottest ever in the Big Easy). They have a nice sitting area on the first floor too with a large television and great couches. Everything about this hotel was great and the location can't be beat. Right in the middle of everything!I can't recommend the Bienville House enough. I loved it!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>midnightrider99
<Content>Great place at a nice rate. Found this place on gem at Hotels.com. The service was excellent; the rooms are large for the French quarter, and a location where everything is with in an easy walking distance. They have their own parking garage, which is key if you drive to New Orleans with your own car. One complaint I have is my fianc茅 flew in/out of New Orleans to meet me, and the shuttle service they use if abysmal. If you plan on using a shuttle service, don't use the one the hotel uses. Look in the yellow pages and get somebody different. Also, the in house restaurant/cooking school on the premises was atrocious. They food was of low quality, and the service was non-existent. I am glad that they鈥檙e so many better places to eat in New Orleans that it didn't matter too much. Hope this helps.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff My Mother, Sister and I decided to visit New Orleans in May. After reading many reviews, we chose the Bienville House. The hotel is in a perfect location in the French Quarter, especially if you are site-seeing on foot. The room was exatctly as I had imagined, huge double room with 10 foot ceilings. There were large double french doors that led to a small but charming balcony, with seating for 2. The balcony looked out over a lush courtyard and pool , perfect for enjoying your first morning coffee. The beds were so comfortable but a little small for 2 people. It would have been nice if there had been a small table in the room bedsides the desk to have a snack on. The bathroom was very clean but the water pressure in the shower could be better. One word of caution, do not make too many long distance calls from your room, the hotel charges are astronomical! Maid service was great and we tipped accordingly. Front desk always greeted us when we came in from our adventures and were very helpful. Sitting buy the pool after a hot afternoom of touring was very refreshing. Cori, the bellman was very funny and sweet and gave us advice on which tours to take and then booked them for us. Thank you. There is a on-site restaurant open for breakfast lunch and dinner. Food there is very good, try the seafood stuffed mushrooms! Jerry, our waiter was always in good humour even when the restaurant was so busy. He even found some tea for us as there didn't seem to be any to buy in the French Quarter. The French Quarter is a very noisy place. As for the Bienville house, the hotel itself is very quiet and secure. Outside is another story. There is a lot of traffic noise at all hours of the day and night. A freight train runs through the Quarter at 4pm every night and you would have to be dead drunk not to be woken up by its whistle! Gargbage trucks and other service vechicles are backing up constantly. Despite this, our vacation was wonderful and the beautiful French Quarter and the hospitality of its residents made our visit most memorable. We will return.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rec8144
<Content>Great for budget minded traveler Wonderful, older style hotel. Very clean and great character. Don't expect the Ritz, this is an older hotel. Great location - very near Jackson Square, Riverfront, Canal and Bourbon Streets. Very helpful and attentive staff - be sure to ask them for personal recommendations. Be sure to visit the candy shop just next door - best pralines in the city.  
<Date>May 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful People       Patio outside our room.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!!! My wife and I loved staying here. Granted, the elevator is slow but so what!? The staff is very helpful and friendly. They recommended a resturant for us which few people know of and it was awesome. My wife has some food allergies so we are resticted. They were SO helpful!!!!  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GAHighRoller
<Content>Exactly What I Was Looking For You should never stay in a chain hotel in New Orleans. There are too many great local hotels, such as Bienville House. It is alot like New Orleans, on the old side and a little rough around the edges. However, it has a charm that you won't get at the Marriott or Hilton. The room was just fine, though the wallpaper was peeling and the chair was stained. The Mississippi River view was nice. I did not hear any street noise like some others have described. The bed was the best, with a nice light comforter. I tried the wireless internet, but could not get a strong enough signal to log on. That old, slow elevator just goes with the territory. The Decatur Street location is outstanding. Great restaurants are just steps away, and the bustle of Bourbon Street is only three blocks away. If you get a good Internet rate, the Bienville House is hard to beat in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing Very little to recommend. I chose to stay here during JazzFest because I wanted something in the Quarter and like older, non-chain hotels. I used many of the reviews here to guide me. I should have looked more carefully. The staff was not friendly or helpful and my wife and I are very easy going people and usually can make the best of things. The elevator is incredibly slow or not running (2 different times during our stay - once they would not let us use the stairs because of security!!). The noise from outside the hotel was ridiculous in the morning and evening. The room was fairly decent sized and had a nice bed but the thermostat was non-functional - you had your choice of 62 degrees blowing nonstop on the bed or shutting it off - not the greatest choice in NO at any time of the year. In short - keep looking, I have stayed in many hotels in NO and this was hands down the worst.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>traveltruthteller
<Content>An Oasis in the French Quarter I really enjoyed my stay at Bienville House. At the end of seemingly endless walking around the quarter, it was delightful to see it's charming entry awaiting me and my tired feet. My room was beautiful, with a window, balcony, huge bed and fainting couch. However, I have to warn you all, that I booked through Hotels who promised me a room with a window. Calling Bienville House to verify my room with a window, they told me that Hotels couldn't guarantee me a room with a window, but they would do their best. I was lucky, but I assume others were not! So, don't stay here unless you book through the hotel and get your window and balcony! Also, if you want to be somewhere quiet, forget it. This hotel backs up to a public parking lot and is across from the House of Blues. I can sleep through anything, so I didn't really care, but I could imagine other people being very annoyed. I found the staff to be very nice, housekeeping did a great job, the restaurant staff were fun, but they were all very laid back. I am a little more used to the staff at hotels for business travelers, who bend over backwards to help you solve any issues you have. I kid you not, when I say I had to beg to borrow a pair of scissors. They also looked at me like I was from mars when I asked them to help me ship something home. I think this is fairly typical of the NOLA attitude - nice but not overly concerned. Lastly, the location is good if you are going to Bourbon St., the Aquarium, Riverwalk, etc. However, if you are interested in the fancy shops and the authenic beautiful part of the quarter, aim to be closer to Jackson Square. It looks close on the map, but it's a good walk, and the streets are so congested, public transportation is kind of a joke. Wherever you want to be, plan on walking there.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank you Jasmine ! We were ready to cancel our 5 nights at the Bienville house due to the death of my Dad. Knowing how hard he tried to rally and get better so we could go, we opted to go anyway. The turning point was sweet Jasmine , the reservation manager, would genuinely gave us her sympathies and told us  the Bienville would take care of us. We finally met her on our last day. Thank you to the gentle care the staff gave us. The bellman checked on us daily.A terrific , clean,clean clean room. Noisy with the French Quarter going on but it reminded us that LIFE goes on. We love New Orleans and the energy. The Bienville house was the perfect tonic to get us through a tough time.The restaurant is independent of the hotel and the food was great. Breakfast was good but coffee tooooo slow coming. Waitress was great and helpful. We used the 4th floor deck for a glass of late night wine under the stars. It was nice although we felt we might be intruding on the guests up there.Elevator was sooooooo slow and frustrating. We took the stairs often or made light of it with the other guests.We will return.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again ! our family of four stayed the Easter weekend at this hotel and were surprised at the lack of quality for the price.The sheets had stains on them, bathroom was dirty  old and there was trash along the bottom of the beds and behind the bedside table.Carpet was filty.Worst of all, THE NOISE LEVEL WAS UNBEARABLE !!! Brochure  online pictures show rooms with balconies, no balcony!Parking is extra and if you are not happy with your stay and want to leave early, they charge you an early checkout fee ! They brag on the renovation they just had. Our family can only wonder what condition was this place in before undergoing such a huge renovation they speak of.I think they spent it on wall paper and carpet.We have lived in New Orleans  have also visited many times since moving away. The online pics of this place drew us in and the brochure was nice, but don't let it fool you.NEVER again will we stay there!!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>tara88
<Content>Very Nice Experience My husband and I spent 5 nights at Bienville House. We found it to be a very nice expreience. We did not book a suite but were given one upon arrival. However, the suite did not have any windows and was a bit stuffy. I have bad allergies and asked to be switched to a room with fresh air circulation. There were no other rooms available that night but 1st thing the next morning we were switched. We were on the top floor which opened up to the rooftop. It had a very nice patio with tables, plants and flowers. The walls are a bit thin and our neighbors for 1 night were very noisy. We did not complain as it is New Orleans, a great party town. The Hotel location could not be more perfect. You are right in the middle of it all. The hotel has great N.O. charm. Definately not a modern skyscraper type hotel but once you've been to the town and fall in love with the charm it is the type of hotel you would you like to stay in. The staff was very nice and never rude. Beverly at the front desk always had a smile and a hello and always asked if everything was OK. We did not eat at the hotel restaurant so I cannot comment on that.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NestorMitrea
<Content>Warning - Full Size Beds THE PROS: 1. Great, ENORMOUS, shared balcony that allowed us to visit with another family we were traveling with. 2. LocationDepending on who you are it's a PRO OR CON: 1. The clientele: the hotel was mostly booked with tour groups of senior citizens. THE CONS: 1. Full Size Beds: Either you get a room with one king or a room with two full size beds. My husband and I were laughable as we tried to fit onto this tiny bed (the kids had the other one or we'd have skipped the joy of each others company). 2. We kept getting complaints from the staff that we were too loud. We had two of the rooms on the top floor with an enormous shared balcony which just happens to be over someone elses room. This is just poor design because if we only hung out a little bit on the balcony it was unbearabley loud for the people below us (apparently). 3. Very small, very, very basic bathroom. 4. Cold staff - definitely not southern friendly. 5. Extremely aggressive sell on a swamp tour before we had even unpacked - even going so far as to follow us to our room. 6. Downright rude staff in the restaurant - we ended up walking out so we never sampled the food. 7. Had to park at another hotel 8. The housekeeper left us a note one morning and it read Sorry :) I couldn't make your bed because you had personal items on it. Personal items being two sweatshirts and a child's notebook... you be the judge. From then on we made sure to pre clean the room for her before we left.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Michigander7
<Content>An above average experience.... I spent 3/31-4/4 here. Checked in and was suprised that I was given a suite, even though I booked through hotel. The hotel reminded me of the Monteleone or the Omni Royal except on a smaller scale...no ballroomsor grand lobby, but the feeling was the same. Its located on the fringe of the quarter and close to the casino, which was great for me. No problems with street noise, but I had a room that wasn't near the street. Being an older hotel it does have its creaks and noises, but the noise didn't bother me. And I always travel with earplugs and noise cancelling headphones just in case. Had to let the front desk know the day before to get a taxi back to the airport, but they were waiting for me in the lobby when I checked out. All things considered, its a great smaller hotel that has all the feel of the quarter, from the narrow streets and crowds, and a great location. I'll spend more time there if I get a chance. (and there is an Irish bar next to the firehouse just across the street within stumbling distance of the front door of the hotel)!!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed at Bienville House 3/29 thru 4/1, 2005. Room 377 was lovely for us. It is overlooking Decatur Street - a little noisy but did not bother us at all. Beautiful balcony! Could listen to jazz from Satchmo's Place on the first floor. Hotel is a five minute walk from the Mississippi and Jackson Brewery. Very convenient location. Restaurant is small but food is very good and reasonably priced. (Try the Shrimp Creole). We would definately return to Bienville House.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tbeth
<Content>Perfect for the 20-something chicks Eight of us went to Bienville house for a bachelorette party. We had two adjoining rooms. The rooms were large enough to accomodate us and our luggage for a 4-day stay. The bathroom was also spacious to hold all of our products. We were on a budget, so we did not opt for a private balcony. To our surprise, every three rooms share a common courtyard. The place is clean and the bed is as comfortable as Starwood's Heavenly Bed. The elevator is slow, but we did not encounter any problems. The hotel has a great location. I would definitely stay there again without any hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gfak
<Content>Great little place My wife and I stayed at the Bienville House in March, 2005. Here鈥檚 some info for anyone considering this hotel:I believe this can be categorized as a 鈥渂outique鈥?hotel. I鈥檓 not sure who dreamed that phrase up, but I think it kind of fits. Is there a 12-person Jacuzzi, a five-star restaurant, and a full-service day spa? No. But there鈥檚 a really nice little pool, a decent place to eat, and based on the overall niceness of the staff, I鈥檇 bet you could probably talk one of them into giving you a backrub if you really needed one. We stayed on the third floor in a room overlooking the river-side of the city. I believe there are four floors total. Some have small balconies that overlook the courtyard and the pool. These look really nice, but I believe they allow smoking in the courtyard, so if you鈥檙e not a smoker you may find these rooms a poor choice depending on the updrafts.The room was surprisingly big, and the king bed was fantastic. It鈥檚 one of those beds that made us want to see if we could buy it and ship it home. Granted, we were pretty much three-sheets to the wind two out of our three nights there, so a bed of broken glass would have been sufficient given our state. Still, I think it鈥檚 safe to say the bed was excellent. The TV was small, and given the size of the room it was far away, but this didn鈥檛 bother us. There were two chairs we could have pulled up and sat in if we really wanted to watch TV. Otherwise, unless you鈥檙e Mr. Magoo, you can see the TV fine from the bed.The bathroom was basic enough. Usually my only criteria is if I hit my knees when I have to 鈥渟it鈥? or if I have to contort my body to get to the TP. Neither was the case, so it was fine with me. However, given that this is New Orleans, if you鈥檙e the party-type that needs plenty of room to allow you to kneel down in front of the Porcelain Altar after a long night out, you may be disappointed.Now, the noise outside the river-side of the hotel can be substantial. Like most places, it鈥檚 inevitable that some dude who has decided that it鈥檚 perfectly OK to drop more money on a car audio system than his car is even worth will go by your window. The resulting deep-bass 鈥渨ump, wump, wump鈥?will be heard clearly. As will busses, garbage trucks, and traffic in general. You have to have ear plugs, or you have to drink heavily (or sleep like Fred Flintstone). We didn鈥檛 have a problem (see 鈥渢hree sheets to wind鈥?comment above), even on the one night we dried out.There鈥檚 a view out over a parking lot across the street, and the river in the distance. I wouldn鈥檛 go as far as to say there鈥檚 a 鈥渨ater view鈥? but still, you can see things like boat traffic, the Natchez, etc. And if you鈥檙e a train buff you can catch the occasional freight train as it goes by (see 鈥渆arplugs鈥?reference above).There鈥檚 free wireless Internet, which is kind of nice. It was sporadic, but that could have been my laptop. It helped with looking up restaurant reviews.The staff? We didn鈥檛 encounter a single rude or unhelpful person. Most were exactly the opposite. But then again we expect that when heading south鈥t鈥檚 one of the reasons we go!The restaurant was fine. Actually, on the day we ate lunch there, we were surprised it wasn鈥檛 more crowded. Pretty much every other place in the area was. Part of the reason may be that the windows are mostly covered by the curtains. C鈥檓on, people! We want to people-watch!! Bet if they opened those puppies up they鈥檇 attract more folks. Anyway, it was a little pricey, but good (then again we had three drinks each, so that added to the cost for sure).The elevator is small, and painfully slow to respond. We usually took the stairs down, so it wasn鈥檛 much of an issue.The location was key for us. I think it鈥檚 in a great location. Everything is right there. You鈥檙e kind of tucked away in a corner of it all, which is excellent.Miscellaneous stuff 鈥?There鈥檚 a coffee maker (always a nice touch), an ironing board, an extra pillow (four total in our room), and the sink/mirror area is separate from the toilet/shower. You can get room service if you want some morning coffee, juice, food, etc. They serve throughout the day, but I forget the exact hours.Would we go there again? Yup, in a heartbeat. Would we want anything changed? Hmmmmm鈥eah, open those curtains up in the restaurant so we can look out! Other than that, the place was fine.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not very good From these reviews, I see Bienville House has not changed much in 14 yrs. When we stayed there, construction was going on one time, and we could not sleep, had to be moved to another room. Next time, we had an expensive suite which was overpriced. I like Royal Sonesta better.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful Room Great View We stayed at the Bienville House from February 25th to 28th. The room was spacious with a beautiful view of the Mississippi River. Can't beat the price, especially considering the location; it is within walking distance of everything in the Quarter.There were a few less than perfect moments, however. The gentleman at the front desk was rather rude. The restaurant insisted on keeping the door to the street open at all times, even when the temperature outside was cold. But the best (worst) of all was when my husband was trapped in the hotel's tiny elevator for 20 minutes with seven women, one of whom went into labor waiting for the fire department to rescue them. All and all, a memorable experience.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>First time visitor March, 2005 My friend and I visited NO for a week. We stayed at the Bienville House and it was just great. Oddly, our third floor room was a little noisy...seems that there was a hallway over our room. The staff at the hotel was terrific. Our room was beautifully decorated and very clean. We paid about $900 for six nights.We took the airport shuttle, but wouldn't do it again. We were crammed with 8 other people and stopped at 5 hotels. Next time, we'll take a cab. We didn't rent a car and there was no need for it. We loved NO, the French Quarter, the trollies, the horse carriages, the Mint, the Supreme Court, the food, the music and the people. The $10 walking tour was terrific (booked at Jackson Square). The Louisiana Swamp Tour was a bust for me. The guide read from a SCRIPT and we could not understand his mumblings. When asked questions, he answered with one or two words. We learned very little about the bayous and swamps. For two of us, the trip cost about $100.Marti Gras exhibit, part of Louisiana State Museum off Jackson Square was a totally great exhibit!! Don't miss it - and be sure to allow enough time. Hint - carry a lot of one dollar bills and fives for tips. You will need quite a supply.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Okay, but some problems My husband and I have been to New Orleans 6 times. This was our first stay at the Bienville House. We booked an extremely good price on an internet site. When we walked into the room, we were giddy about the balcony we had on the street side. Our delight didn鈥檛 last long. As mentioned in other reviews, there are a total of three bars located across the street as well as a Fire House. Two of four nights we found it very difficult to sleep because of the noise.We had to park at Bienville House鈥?sister property, the Monteleone (a gorgeous hotel), a block and a half from the Bienville House. Other minuses were the room was not very clean with dirt, dust and hair throughout. The desk staff was not very friendly 鈥?not rude, but very curt. If you expect a top notch professional staff that is service and customer driven, look elsewhere. The pluses included a tremendous value through an internet site. I had called the hotel directly to book the same rate and was told they book the majority of the rooms through 3rd party sites and could not match the internet rate which I found strange. Other positives included the location and the balcony which was nice to sit and watch the world go by. We were surprised that there was wireless internet available. This was not advertised on their website as being generally available, so check ahead. There is also a lovely courtyard and pool on property, although it was too chilly for us to enjoy.In reading other reviews, I suspect that the rooms are hit or miss. Some rooms do not have windows; others are exposed to street noise and loud music. The bottom line is I would stay here again if I could get the same price and a windowed room off the street.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>stennydave
<Content>Wonderful location and truly helpful staff Stayed here for 3nights from Feb20th2005 and was very satisfied.The location is superb,near the river front,in the French quarter but just far enough away from Bourbon Street,which I found a little noisy and tacky for my taste.The rooms were very comfortable and tastefully decorated and the restuarant is top class.I found the staff extremely friendly, helpful and knowledgeable and I must give a special mention to Adrienne  Beverley who were helpful beyond the call of duty and seamed to genuinely relish the task.The only thing that stopped me giving this hotel 5 spots is the lifts -they are far too slow and far too small.P.S.Check out the Louis Armstrong tribute band on-site-I don't even like jazz but I loved their performance  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great until... My husband and I stayed at the Bienville House from Feb. 21st through Feb 25th (M - F) Monday through Wednsday were great. The hotel is in a great location, quiet street but central to everything. The room was clean and pleasant and we were very happy. Thursday night, when we went to sleep, we discovered that there was a grand opening to a new dance club directly across the street. The entire night was spent tossing and turning to the sounds of techno and the dj urging the customers to do shots. We chose the Bienville House so that we would have some quiet at night. It doesn't seem like that will be the case for it's guests anymore.We also had some miscommunications with the front desk regarding late check out and wireless internet. We were told the wrong information both times. We were told we had to use dial up and accrued 30 dollars in phone charges when we could have been using wireless. The hotel did accomodate and credit us the charges but the front desk had an attitude the entire time and never apologized. All in all, we still enjoyed our stay but I couldn't imagine that we would have gotten any sleep if that club had been open from the first day we were there.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Tamaranc
<Content>Stay here if you don't mind critters! This is a gorgeous hotel with lots of potential and in a great location. However, they need to do some work in the area of critter control. My first night there while sitting in bed, a mouse ran from the closet into my bathroom and then back again. I called the front desk and they sent someone up after about half an hour. Needless to say, the mouse was nowhere in sight by then. After a sleepless night, I decided I would give it another try and hope that the mouse had moved on to someone else's room! The next day I awoke to find a huge roach in the tub. These are the sort of things you never see at the Marriott or Hyatt so I checked out that day and moved to a large hotel on Canal Street. You expect a certain amount of charm when staying in the quarter, but cleanliness and critter control should not be compromised. The management of this hotel offered no compensation or even much in the way of apologies. This must be a common occurrence for them to be so nonchalant about it.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2005
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Cherdon
<Content>enjoyed the Bienville We enjoyed our stay here. We received a great room rate from Expedia. Although, beware our room was facing the fire station and Irish pub across the street. That was our view. It was alittle noisy during the night. The sirens didn't go off but, you could hear the engines rumbling as they left the station. Our room was clean and furnished with 2 double beds. The decor was simple. The staff was friendly. There was a jazz club on the street level that sounded great but, we didn't go because the 2 showtimes didn't work out in our schedule. The overall location of Bienville is great. We walked everywhere.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>TommyGurl
<Content>Beautiful I went to New Orleans in September 2004, right at the end of Southern Decadence. I decided to go because they had a sale on the rooms so I basically planned my trip around that. Well, personally, the view of the courtyard was spectacular. The pool was small but a lot of fun. I went with my boyfriend, and he kept taking pictures of me from the terrace. I am not sure how the inside rooms looked, but the outside rooms, that look out on the courtyard were beautiful. It was very nice to be able to open the doors to the porch, but keep the slightly sheer curtains drawn. With the wind blowing it was very romantic.The best part of the hotel was it's location. It was close to absolutely EVERYTHING, without being too close. It is like 1 or 2 blocks over from the main party areas, and slightly off from the sight seeing areas. So you have access to these spots without the noise.We didnt spend much time in the foyer, but the desk clerk and bell boy said hello and goodbye to us as we came and exited. I didnt stand around trying to make conversation, so I cant attest to what other reviewers may have said. Overall, I absolutely loved to the hotel room and would stay there again in a minute. What made my visit even sweeter was the fact that I got the room on sale...  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice and simple! I was very happy with the Bienville House. Very central location for a New Orleans rookie looking to spend vacation in the Quarter. It's a couple blocks from Burbon St. but I was made quite aware of what a hiddend benefit that was when I left the still roaring party behind at 2am!  The staff was friendly and helpful and went out of their way to accomodate our needs, that's all you can ask! The room are clean and simple, it's not the Ritz but then your not paying for the Ritz! Save a bit and stay here, you'll be happy you did.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brillant room and service This is the first review I have ever been driven to write. My wife and I are regular vacation travellers to the US and have never experienced such a truly welcoming hotel as the Bienville House. We stayed 4 nights, 14-18th December before (reluctantly) moving on to our next stop - Cajun country. It was our first trip to New Orleans and we could not have spent our anniversary in a better place - either hotel or city.The room we were given was huge, decorated in traditional 19th century beaux arts style, high ceilinged and furnished magnificently with a really enormous king size bed. The whole hotel spoke quality and was also extremely relaxed and totally in keeping with Naw'leans.This hotel has a great location in the French Quarter on Decutar Street. Our room was on the River side but with the levee and other buildings the Missi was only just visable. At least it was quiet (despite the traffic) and a real haven from the liveliness of Bourbon Street et al. The room rate we obtained from Expedia was really amazing. We will certainly be returning. (p.s. You don't need a car in New Orleans - we hired one from Dollar only when we left and walked just 10 minutes to pick it up).  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dntngal
<Content>Loved the Bienville House Hotel! We had a fantastic trip to New Orleans. The staff at the Bienville House are fantastic. I had called ahead to ensure that we would get a good room with a balcony, as it was my boyfriend's birthday celebration. Well, the Bienville out did themselves - they gave us room 360 which has a huge balcony overlooking the street! It was fantastic, not necessarily quiet, but we were not in NO to catch up on sleep. In addition, we got engaged that week end at the Bienville House Hotel, so it will always have a soft spot with me! I would highly recommend the hotel to anyone who wants an authentic old world french quarter experience. The rooms are nicely furnished, beds are super comfortable and the lobby is so pretty. The pool and courtyard are gorgeous too!  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nell55
<Content>Excellent value I stayed here for 3 nights in September and chose Bienville House based on the reviews that I read. I was not disappointed. My room was spacious, clean and tasteful and I felt quite safe in this neighborhood. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Incredible Staff Stayed at the Bienville House, but had to evacuate due to Hurricane Ivan. The staff was incredible -- very courteous, friendly, and helpful in recommendations. I had a room on the 4th floor that opened to a sun deck with lots of foliage and plants. Very pleasant. The accommodations are adequate --- nothing over the top, but pleasant. Pool area is very quaint -- would stay here again!!  
<Date>Sep 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>15108
<Content>Nice place to stay My husband and I stayed here 9/3-9/6/2004. Had a king balcony room. The room was on the small side, but I expected that from an old building in the French Quarter. Bed was very comfortable, and the balcony had two chairs overlooking the courtyard and pool and had beautiful flowers cascading from it. Bathroom was pretty standard. Only problem we had was a small lizard had made a home in our room the second night of our stay. Probably came in via the balcony. We asked the front desk to take care of it, but we still aren't sure if they did. Overall the staff was accommodating and answered all of our questions. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ad.lib
<Content>Old World Charm Lovely decor in this tidy room (request a window). We arrived knowing about the French Quarter's old hotels, small rooms with paper thin walls, and all that goes with Old World charm. Our Beinville room was quiet, spacious enough, and in a great location in the Quarter. Though the elevator wasn't working, we were more than compensated for the inconvenience. Will stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel for the price We stayed at the hotel Aug. 24-28, 2004 after making a reservation through Travelzoo (really good price). We were pleasantly surprised. As per the ad, we were upgraded to a balcony room overlooking the pool. My kids (5  7) and hsuband enjoyed the pool. The room was large, nice touches: bathrobe, suction mat in tub, towels provided by pool. The location was great, valet parking worked well $15 and the staff was extremely nice and courteous. We'd stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just ok stay August 20-22 The rooms themselves were nice and the daytime clerk was nice, if not short on attitude, and the bellboys were an absolute riot. Parking is 2 blocks away with no valet, very big minus if you are already paying that much to park. Elevator was out while we were there, forcing the use of either stairs or service elevator. Friday night the service elevator was locked and the security guard felt put out to allow us to use it, until I corrected his and the night clerks attitudes. We also asked for a smoking room which they did not provide.There are many hotels in the French Quarter and it is doubtful that I will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Highly recommend the Bienville Just got back from a wonderful stay at the Bienville. It is a charming historic hotel in the middle of everything in the French Quarter. The rooms are spaciaous and the beds are incredibly comfortable. On the day of our arrival, the lobby elevator malfunctioned and trapped me inside...which was terrible but the purpose of my story is to commend the staff for their quick action and wonderful service recovery. The restaurant in the hotel, Heritage Cafe, is also very good.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay for the Price Bienville House was great! We got a really good price from Travelzoo.com. There was an extra charge for a 3rd person and for weekend nights, but it was still a very good price compared to other hotels in the French Quarter. Our room had a view of the river and was in walking distance to everything. Service was great and everyone was very friendly and helpful. I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RovingRangers
<Content>Perfect location, great value, a little gem We booked this room at a business rate of $79 a night and, given the rate and excellent location of four blocks from just about everything, didn't know what to expect. Bienville House greatly exceeded our expectations. Jackson Square and Bourbon Street were four blocks away, but the Riverfront streetcar, the Aquarium, Canal Place shopping, the ferry, and more were even closer. The lobby was small, but elegantly appointed. The whole place had a nice Old World feel. The front desk and housekeeping staffs were pleasant and helpful, but our bellman was a bit cold. Our room was large, clean, and very comfortable. Curtains opened onto a balcony with two chairs overlooking a charming courtyard with well-kept flowers cascading from three floors. The staff made special parking accomodations for my wife, who is disabled. Also, we alerted the desk staff to expect a prescription delivery while we were there. They promptly called us when it arrived. Unfortunately, the restaurant was closed during most of our visit and we ate elsewhere, but the menu looked very interesting, and the prices moderate. In all, we had a wonderful stay and would recommend Bienville House. Be sure to ask for a room with a balcony or outside view as we were told some rooms do not have windows. We agree with a earlier reviewer that Bienville House is a rather well-kept secret and it will be discovered soon.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>pvdiane
<Content>The Best of Our Vacation On July 5th, 2004 we flew to New Orleans, Picked up a car and started our 8 day road trip of the area. We stayed at 6 different hotels and by far the best was the Bienville. It was our first time in New Orleans and if we go back we will deffinately stay there. The beds were the best I have ever slept in. We were on the 4th floor and there was a lovely terrace outside our door filled with tropical plants and patio tables to sit and enjoy it. The staff was courteous and caring to our needs. The location was perfect, although parking was a problem. This hotel was the least expensive of our trip and the best!! We paid double for places that couldn't compare..If you go we recommend Petunias as the best restaurant around.. Enjoy!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>aznana
<Content>We were completely thrilled with the Bienville We stayed at the Bienville house for 3 nights in June 2004 (after reading favorable reviews at tripadvisor.com), and were so happy with everything about it. The staff was excellent and the room was beautiful: clean and fresh, with lovely furniture, and everything worked well. We even had a view of the Mississippi. We will definitely stay there again! Thanks Trip Advisor for the reliable on line reviews!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KateDen
<Content>Great hotel in a perfect location We selected this hotel since we wanted to be in a convenient, but historic part of New Orleans. We were here for a convention and the location was great. Two blocks away is the Riverfront streetcar that goes to the Convention center in one direction and to the French Market in the other.The hotel itself is charming and is within a block or two of House of Blues (which we enjoyed), Bubba Gumps (didn't like as much) and Hard Rock Cafe (didn't even go). Our room was large with two queen beds and overlooked an edge of the courtyard. The beds were soft, but surprisingly comfy. We were able to walk everywhere in the French Quarter including several non-chain restaurants. And the air conditioning was, well, cool... and believe me it's needed after being outdoors! They no longer serve continental breakfasts since they now have a cooking school restaurant downstairs. We had a very nice breakfast there. Dinners looked good and reasonably priced, but we just didn't try it out due to other commitments.There's a fire station across the street and a police station a couple blocks away, so you always felt safe. Didn't hear any sirens -- in fact didn't hear much noise except for an occaisional train. All in all a great place to stay and a good value for those wanting more than an anonymous chain hotel.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel in the French Quarter Beautiful older motel in the French Quarter. Biggest motel room I've ever stayed in, I believe, and the price was quite competitive. Despite the age of the building, maintenance was tip-top. Tight parking was to be expected in this historic district. Staff we encountered was universally courteous and helpful. Pool was small but clean and kid-friendly in a beautiful courtyard.Only downside I can recall was the lack of a free breakfast, but that was as published so I can't complain.Fine job, Bienville!!  
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bienville House what a great surprise This was our first trip to New Orleans. I was a littleworried about our room since we booked with Travelocity and got an $89 room rate. When we got there the staff was so friendly and when we entered our room it was large with two double beds wonderful bedding and it was located to the back so it had a private courtyard for that block of rooms it was quiet and private. The location was excellent. What a great deal!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Place to Be for Essence This spot was excellent. We have been there three times for the Essence Festival. We loved the staff, especially Yasmin and Corey. The accomodations were excellent. Our room opened to a garden w/table and chairs for early morning coffee. It was great. It is within walking distance of everything and I mean everything. We loved it, we meaning a group (7) of us and it will be our place whenever we go back. Just a little word of advise, alot of people are starting to find out the secret so if you want to book a room, book it well in advance.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay there again!!! We payed higher rates for a room with a private balcony overlooking Decatur Street. Very nice except for the street noise all night long on our second night. The staff was very friendly and accomodating. They reduced our rate and moved us to a non window interior room that was perfect for our last night....we were able to sleep as if we were in a cave. The location is PERFECT and walking distance to EVERYTHING.Best food we had while were there was ACME Oyster Bar for less expensive lunch, Dickie Brennans Bourbon House for seafood dinner Excellent... at Bourbon and Iberville.Don't pass up the $50 private horse carriage tour of the french quarter. You will love it.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wiegm
<Content>perfect location Perfect location. I reserved online with hotels. I asked for a window and got one. The hotel was really close to everything but still very quiet. We could go eat in nice clothes and make it home in 3 minutes to change into walking clothes. Parking is 15$ a day but it is kept inside so its safe. I am glad I stayed there once.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get a Window When you book make sure you get a window.My wife and I stayed here in April 04. I booked over the web and didnt appreciate that there are 'central' rooms with no windows. It would have been nice to look outside to figure out what the weather was doing, for example, or just get some fresh (?) air. This said, at least our room was quiet (no traffic noise) and dark, which meant we slept soundly.There are loads of great eateries close by so dont bother if your package doesnt include breakfast - try Brennans you'll not regret it (and your credit card company will love you), or the patisserie over the road from Jackson Square.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jodi_123
<Content>Staff was Great! I'm not sure what hotel the other people stayed at but our stay was wonderful. The front desk staff were great and the room was really comfy. I love triple sheeted beds! Next time we'd like to try and get one of the courtyard balcony rooms, other than that we had an excellent stay over Jazz Fest (the cool pool was perfect for our very sore legs). We have been floating around in different hotels in the Quarter for years and the Bienville House will definitely be one we visit again.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Extremely disappointed DO NOT STAY HERE! We were extremely disappointed with our stay at the Bienville House. The staff was indifferent to our complaints and unapologetic about their failures. We were awakened at 8 each morning by the hotel staff shouting in the halls. We complained, and the problem was not addressed. We were awakenened the same way the next day! Our room was windowless, and the staff refused to move us or to reduce our expensive rate because we had booked with hotels. Breakfast was NOT included. Do NOT stay here.  
<Date>May 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Soooooooo Comfortable! The beds and pillows were so soft and comfortable it was hard to force myself to go out and explore the French Quarter! The location was fantastic and wasn't hard to find for somone whose never been to New Orleans. The staff were almost all extremely helpful and friendly. Trust me, make sure you pay for a room with windows,it's worth it.And the staff can help you arrange for tours, restaurant reservations, transportation, ect. We paid $89 per night, not bad at all for the comfort and conveniance.  
<Date>May 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Times in the Big Easy Just returned from a stay in New Orleans( March 31st), where we found the Bienville House to be just as expected- splended!, wonderful location with a quaint and cozy atmosphere in a quite buzy city. This our first trip here for my husband and I and had a great time. This hotel is a short stroll from Bourbon St., yet right in the heart of some great tours( swamp,cemetary, plantation and haunted history to name a few!) and the Mississippi River , Harrah's casino and the Aquarium of the Americas. The room gives you the feel of New Orleans, not the Ritz or the Sheraton , but still nice clean rooms with small balconies overlooking the courtyard (be sure to request one with a balcony, they are excellent about honoring requests!!) The front desk , housekeeping and bellman are all excellent as well! The street Decatur that the hotel is on is quite safe to walk on at all hours of the day and night! Some of the others are dimly lit and might not be. Be sure to stop in Cafe Dumonde , right down the street or take a carriage ride from Jackson Square (also right down the street)! People in the area are very nice and you have to remember this city is very old so it might not look as impecable as others but still very unique experience and staying at the Bienville House definately accents the experience!!  
<Date>Apr 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Perfect My husband and I just returned from a 4 day stay in New Orleans. This was our first trip to this city. I did quite a bit of research before booking a hotel and we were so pleased with our choice. The location was perfect because it was away from the noise and crowds of Bourbon St. yet only a few blocks from Jackson Square, Jax Brewery Building, Farmer's market and only 2 blocks from Canal St. Decatur St. is safe and filled with shops and small restaurants. We were in a room with French doors leading to a small balcony with 2 wrought iron chairs and had a small view of the Mississippi. The balcony overlooked the lovely pool that was surrounded with plants and completely enclosed with brick walls giving a private, quiet retreat. The 4 poster bed was more comfortable than the average hotel bed. Large walk-in closet with 2 sections and 2 luggage racks. Hotel was surprisingly quiet at night. Bienville House has a restaurant, but we did not eat there with so many other choices. There are no breakfast accomodations, but there are wonderful small cafes with great coffee and pastries, fruit, etc. within a short walking distance. In fact, we never used our car the entire time. Again, the location was perfect for us as was the whole trip. The staff was helpful and friendly--especially the bellman Corey. We will definitely stay at Bienville House whenever we are in New Orleans. A fantastic hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>crforrester
<Content>Don't pass this up! Actually, I wish fewer people knew about the Bienville House, since it's booked for my next visit. This is a wonderful little hotel. I stayed there for Halloween 2003 with some friends in two adjacent rooms. The rooms were beautiful and the staff was more than friendly. The location can't be beat, very close to the French Market, Bourbon St., the casino, and the Streetcar in the French Quarter. There was a hilarious little Halloween parade under our window balcony! We came downstairs every morning and had the bagels and croissants near the courtyard pool. Very highly recommended, I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent! What a great hotel! We were there the last week in January and found the entire staff to be very friendly and extremely helpful. The hotel, as well as our room, was beautifully furnished and very charming. Housekeeping came everyday and did an amazing job keeping the room spotless and well-stocked with anything we needed. In addition, the Bienville House Hotel is very well located. We didn't rent a car and we didn't need one. It is only 2 or 3 blocks from the Mississippi, Harrah's Casino, Bourbon Street and even the St. Charles streetcar if you want to take it out to the Garden District, which we did. The only small glitch I encountered was that I booked the hotel in part because they had a complimentary continental breakfast from 6am-9am which I thought would be very convenient given some of the early tours I was taking. I got there to discover that they did away with the breakfast on Jan 1/04 since the hotel restaurant now served breakfast. That is all well and good, but the time we tried to go there we were told that it wouldn't be open until 7:30am. Very inconvenient when the bus for the tour was picking us up at 7:45am. We ended up having to go elsewhere. But as I said, it was a minor glitch and overall I absolutely loved the Bienville House Hotel and would recommend it anyone.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

