<Author>hauntedisle
<Content>Great Hotel, Horrid Room Service The Lenox is a gorgeous hotel in the perfect location. Boylston Street in Boston is the heart of the city. My wonderful, romantic, precious boyfriend booked this hotel for a romantic New Years/30th birthday surprise for me. We attended a wonderfully festive and delicious 7 course dinner gala at the Top of The Hub for NYE, and spent two days enjoying the Lenox's amenities; we also took in a Blue Man Group show on NYD. We came across a few problems, however during our stay. First, beware of booking a Junior Suite: They boast having wood burning fireplaces, yet very few of them actually do. It was my 30th birthday, New Years Eve, (they were well aware of both!) and we booked several months in advance, yet we could not be accomodated with a fireplaced room. Strike one.The room was unneccesarily gigantic, therefore not allowing for proper climate control. The massive walk-in closet and bathroom were sub-arctic when the room itself was a smoldering 70*. Strike two.We ordered room service for breakfast two days in a row, bacon eggs toast and coffee for 2 people: $184 later, and one hour after eating (my fault) cold, runny eggs, I became very ill. I have been sick, with a so far undertermined foodborne illness (so far called a GI bug until my test results come back), still 6 days later. I contacted the hotel manager who referred me to the person in charge of the food and beverage department who never called me back. Stike three.The bathroom was clean and the sheets were clean, the bed was extremely comfortable and the room was well-appointed. Thr free WiFi access and bottled water were pluses. The list of freebies for guests was impressive including bath salts and cufflinks to borrow in case their guests have forgotten theirs.The only reason I would not recommend this hotel is because of their ridiculously overpriced toxic food. I am not sure who they have working down in the kitchen, but they need to be fired immediately; I understand that food is a catch-22 at most hotels and restaurants, but this is their business! The hotel itself is absolutely gorgeous, clean and well worth the double-priced room rate in comparison to other beautiful hotels in the area, if simply for the gorgeous reception area including a magnificent fireplace and guilded crown mouldings. The beds are comfy and the tv is a pretty nice flat screen model. The valets and bell-people were fantastic.I truly enjoyed my stay, minus the intestinal infection I got from the room service, and the ruined birthday plans because I've been chained to the commode for going on 6 days... By all means, stay at the Lenox; JUST DON'T ORDER ROOM SERVICE!!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	2	5	

<Author>Ashley321
<Content>Excellent hotel       Outside the Lenox (the tall building)  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelBOS06
<Content>Great Stay I have just returned from staying at the Lenox Hotel. From the moment the door man opened the door it was 5 star service all the way. My room was on the 9th floor with great views of the Boston skyline, the room was nicely furnished I even had a working fireplace. I especially enjoyed the complementary water each night in the room. The Concierge staff were very friendly and always there to help me with my questions, they even got tickets for me to see a celtics game. I will definitely return to the Lenox when I am in Boston again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>butlerbejay
<Content>Thanksgiving treat Hotel package was excellent - would have liked to have been given the breakfast incl but not an option at time of booking - it was nevertheless worth eating as food quality very good. First room offered was very small and bathroom poor but replacement was fine, lovely decor and very clean. The hotel is perfectly situated for visiting/walking to all shops/amenities. All staff very good, particularly the concierge dept - they were incredibly helpful. We booked the hotel chauffeur service to return to the airport - a very pleasant way to return home from a truly memorable holiday.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>twoplusonetravel
<Content>v nice stayed here for two nights for a wedding. Had a classic room which was small and no view, might have been disappointed if had been staying longer, but for a quick stopover it was fine. Old fashioned decor charming, bathroom small but fine, robes nice. Room service was efficient (if pricey but that is what you would expect). It just has a very nice feel and atmosphere, classy and relaxed.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>jabiru
<Content>Disappointed with The Lenox We were looking forward to our stay after reading the positive reviews on Trip Advisor. We booked a deluxe room and on arrival we were shown a room with peeling wallpaper, marked skirting boards.After pointing out the description of a deluxe room to the Manager we were offered another room which initially seemed fine.However the view was of a department store roof  service yard. There seem to be some sort of electrical engine running somewhere below our room, which could be heard throughout the night. On the final morning we were woken at 4:00am by the waste disposal truck. When using the shower the whole room vibrated! No tea or coffee facilities in the room, it is available in the hotel lobby in the morning.On a positive note the staff were very friendly and the location was good.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Goodmeister
<Content>Quality hotel!!! We stayed at The Lenox for the second last weekend of November 2008 and left just before Thanksgiving -- we went to Boston as a shopping and site seeing trip.Loved it!Flew with BA out of T5 at Thiefrow, which was okay, but not as impressive as imagined it would be. On arriving at Logan Airport cabs were easy to come by and we paid $30.00 to get to the hotel which took about 20 minutes.The hotel had just been dec'd out for the holiday season and it was very classy -- we got a very friendly and proffessional welcome and our room was very impressive in terms of comfort. Not the biggest room in USA terms but had a big walk in wardrobe (which became handy!) and a 42 flat screen HD TV at the end of a huge King size bed. The bathroom was adequate.The Lenox staff are superb and nothing is too much for them - they get 10 out 10 for this.The location is top notch being just off of Newbry Street and around 15 to 30 minute walk (dependant on route) to the furthest shopping area of Quincy / Faniuel Market. The Prudential Centre and other shops are right on the doorstep.There's also plenty of sightseeing within 5 minutes walk and the Duck and Trolley Site Seeing tours can be picked up just around the corner.Also loads of eating establishments to suit every taste are on your doorstep and an Irish pub which does good food and lovely Baileys coffee is attached to the hotel.The hotel lobby offers The City Bar which is quite a trendy spot by all accounts (locals queuing to get in on the Saturday night) but is far from being rowdy at all.The hotel resteraunt served up two very nice breakfasts (not that cheap but worth it) and the menu seemed nice for lunch / evenings but we didn't sample. Again the service was impecable.The hotel is also a pick up point for the bus going to Wrentham Village which is a must if you are visiting Boston for some shopping --- that large wardrobe DID come in handy! The bus costs about $35.00 each and Wrentham will take you a solid day to do (we caught 8.00pm bus back). There's a coule of grills etc there so no problem for eating.I'd recommend doing the Old Town Trolley Tour (tickets sold at Lenox) which takes about 2 hours and one of those hop on hop off jobs. This shows you what a nice city Boston is and gives you some good history information.We touched lucky with the weather -- it was COLD but lovely and sunny and most importantly dry.As a final bonus we got the use of the hotel car to get us and our overflowing bags back to the airport. this cost slightly more than a cab at $35.00 but door to door service in an A/C four wheeler with leather seats and complimentary drinks was worth it.We'll be going back to Boston once the credit cards recover and will DEFINETELY be looking to stay at Th Lenox again when we go.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>OklahomaBrenda
<Content>Excellent in all areas. We stayed at the Lenox for 4 nights and were treated like special guest through out our stay. The room was spacious and elegant and their committment to the environment was impressive. There was a filtered water access in the hall so need for buying bottled water. It was a special occasion and when they found out they sent wine and cheese to our room. I will definitely stay there the next time I return to Boston.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hdmcc
<Content>Incredible Service All I can really say is this place has the best service and most attentive staff compared to anywhere else I have ever stayed. I was there on business but managed to have a friend from the area meet me and we made the most of our stay.My business went from a projected one night visit to three and the staff bent over backwards to help with some last minute arrangements and special favours that continued throughout our stay.The food was wonderful, the drinks inventive and the front desk could not do enough to helpFrom the valets to the parking attendants to the chambermaids we were made to feel very special. Everyone goes outside of their jurisdiction here and you will never hear that is not my job. Bravo and I will be back, if simply just to enjoy myself.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rob3349
<Content>Like a spacious apartment Our room at the Lenox was enormous. It was a perfect oasis to return to each night, with a huge bathroom and a separate closet room.Staff were excellent and friendly and the location was perfect, being close to Newberry Street and Boylston Street shops and restaurants.The king size bed did slope into the middle a little, but we still found it comfortable. Strongly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rvkpr
<Content>Excellent staff, special mention for Christopher (guest services) I was a guest at the Lenox hotel for 4 nights and checked out today. Got a great room which worked out fine for my wife, 2kids and me.  Christopher, at guest services, has been unusually thoughtful and attentive to our needs and deserves the first special mention.My children came down with a cold and fever and we were unable to go sightseeing on Monday. I mentioned it to Christopher and an hour later he came up to my room with a gift basket with cans of soup and childrens books about Boston. He then sent the soup up later (heated up and ready to eat!). This is a very warm and thoughtful gesture and a first time experience for me. Also, Jimmy made our arrival to the hotel a very warm and friendly one. He gave our children the two signature stuffed lions. I have stayed at many hotels and this stay will always remain in my memory as a very pleasant one.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FELICIAFELICE
<Content>The business! Stayed at the Lenox for four nights over Halloween. It's a great Boston option. We had a superior room with two double beds which was really comfortable. It was impeccably clean and a pleasure to stay in. The service you receive from reception, concierge and housekeeping is great; really friendly and helpful staff. I think the people at the Lenox go a long way to bump the hotel up from Above Average to Excellent!Location wise it's really convenient to shopping with options all around from Newbury Street to Marshalls/Filenes Basement and various malls with Saks, Barneys etc. We walked the short distance through the park to all the sights on the Freedom Trail etc. Some people have a gym high on their list of priorities so I'll mention that the gym is really small, stuffy and unappealling.Also no tea/coffee making facilities in the rooms, but tea/coffee available in the lobby in the morning.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>jhn269
<Content>The best hotel experience we have ever had This hotel is exceptional. We had the best hotel experience we have ever had. The staff made us feel like royalty. I will always make plans to stay at The Lenox in the future.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JWBruce
<Content>Excellent Service and Location A high quality hotel dedicated to the business of looking after the guests.The location is good and there are any number of restaurants in the vicinity as well as some historic buildings. The best shopping in Boston is also on the hotel's doorstep.The City Bar stocks the best collection of malt whiskies I've seen and the bar staff really know how to mix a cocktail. The restaurant is highly rated although we did not eat there.The room was spacious and quite fashionable in a traditional way.However the most notable aspect of The Lenox is the staff who are alert, friendly and extremely helpful.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Saintsone
<Content>Great Hotel in a Great City We stayed for five nights at the Lenox with our two children aged 10  11 and were so pleased we chose the Lenox, it had a lovely atmosphere. The staff were very friendly and helpful but not intrusive. Our room had two very comfortable double beds and a sofa with plenty of room and a walk in wardrobe and decent sized bathroom. We also had a full size TV, fridge, iron and board and dressing table etc. We ate in Solas the Irish bar and this was pretty good and cocktails in the city bar were great also. We didn't try the Azure restaurant as we loved the Atlantic Fish House just opposite. There was free coffee in reception but being from the UK would have loved tea and coffee facilities in the room. Boston is a great city and very safe city do the Duck Tours but don't bother with the science museum. We found doing the coach trip to Wrentham shopping outlet village was well worth a visit as the shops at the Prudential and Copley Centre's were gorgeous but pricey. All in all a great time and would definately go back to the Lenox.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	3	

<Author>jac2028
<Content>One of the best in the country.... We stayed at this goooooooorgeous hotel for three nights in March and were very impressed. The hotel is on the list of America's historic hotels and it has been maintained and kept in prestine condition. The hotel is beautiful and classic, yet the rooms are modern and comfortable (and large unlike the Fairmont chain). The staff was personable and the whole experience made us feel like royalty.Now the only downside is that normally this hotel is quite expensive, however if you can get it at a deal (as we did) you should not hesitate to book as it was worth every penny. It's also in a perfect location.We had friends staying at the Fairmont and there room was much more expensive and was small, outdated and was not as chic.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>KRUNKLE
<Content>Great Room, Best Servie My mother and I stayed at the Lenox for two nights before driving west to the Berkshires. As always, I relied heavily on this site, but made my ultmate decision to stay here because of the ability to upgrade to a larger sized guest room. The room was very clean and comfortable. The service was perhaps the best reason to stay here. The front desk and especially the concierge service (Jason Lloyd) was very helpful and pleasant. The food at their resturant was very good, and well priced. Upon our return to Boston from Leaf Peeping, we had already chosen to stay at a different hotel. All the while we wished that we had returned to the Lenox. Thank you for making our stay so enjoyable.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Rockmonkeys
<Content>Exceptional Hotel! We stayed at this hotel for three nights after having finished a cruise in Quebec and driven down through Vermont and New Hampshire for ten days, having stayed in several country inns.What a wonderful hotel! Great location in the Back Bay area of Boston. Right on the corner of Boylston and Exeter, very close to the subway and within walking distance of downtown. Very close to Newbury Street with lots of shopping and restaurants. One block from the Prudential Center.Our room (819) was spacious, impeccably clean with large bathroom and a walk-in cloakroom with safe and a large flatscreen TV which was welcome in the evenings to see the latest financial and election news!!The check-in and concierge staff could not have been more helpful as was the rest of the service. Every evening a maid came round with an optional turn-down service, complimentary water and cookies.The hotel also has complimentary internet facilities and Wi-fi and a state of the art gymnasium for those with the energy to spare.We didn鈥檛 use the hotel restaurant but we did use the adjoining Irish Pub which belongs to the hotel. Great food and atmosphere at very reasonable prices. We did eat one evening at the Atlantic Fish Co. opposite the hotel which was very good and well worth it for the experience but it was fairly pricey.All-in-all, a really nice finish to our month-long stay in the USA. Will most definitely book again, well worth the money  
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DevonUsatraveller
<Content>Awesome Hotel, fantastic service in a great location Just returned from our 2nd stay at the Lennox and it did not disapoint!The room was clean  spacious, beds were very comfortable rooms now have added bonus of a fridge and in room safe Staff couldn't do enough for you very polite and helpful, the Lennox is situated in a great central location in Boston easy to get around on foot or by using the T (stations are very close by)good restaurants and shopping easily accessible, After a very busy sightseeing day too tired to go out so used the hotels in room dining, meal was delivered quickly it was hot and reasonably priced . Town car was available for us for our journey back to the Airport such a nice ending to our holiday would defintetly reccommend this to anyone wishing to visit Boston we are already planning our return!!!!Trip Advisor Member, Devon, UK  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>curtis_keith
<Content>Old World Charm with all the Modern Ammenities Its hard to judge a hotel on just a one night stay, thats why having stayed at the Lenox three times now, I am confident in my review of this hotel. The Lenox is a beautiful combination of unique and well appointed rooms with classic decour that transport you back to how Boston was years ago and all the modern ammenities you look for in a hotel today. My wife and I stayed in three different rooms on three different occasions and are looking forward to staying in another room as soon as we can get back to Boston. The heart of hotel is the staff and the Lenox staff is the perfect balance between attention to detail and allowing for your personal space. When you need something they provide it promptly without hastle and are respectful of your privacy. The soul of a hotel room is the bed and all three of our rooms had large incredibly comfortable beds, with amazingly soft sheets, mountains of pillows and the coziest down comforters. The duvet fit the style of the room with obvious attention to the overall asthetic. Stylish and smart it is nothing like the cookie cutter hotel rooms of a major chain. The bathrooms were no less impressive, marble counter tops and wonderful showers with both overhead and detachable showerheads. My wife and I truly felt refreshed after a stay at this hotel. Again their attention to detail was refreshing with Aveeda bath products and luxurious terry cloth robes.  had breakfast in the Azure restaurant and were blown away by the deliciousness and freshness of our meals. We had fresh squeezed orange juice, toast, coffee and the best vegetarian omelette I ever had, my wife equally enjoyed her eggs benedict and bacon. We had the same waiter all three times we stayed and he was a delight first thing in the morning, again attentive but keeping a respectful distance a combination hard to come by in hotel employees and wait staff.  Our car was handled with equal care and respect by the valet staff who parked our car in the attached garage.  In addition to all this you get wireless internet, flat screen tv, some rooms have fireplaces and the swankierrooms have personal home theatre and remote control blinds.  When I go to Boston to see the sights and spend the night I want to feel like I have privacy, like I have everything I need in the room and that I am well attended to by the staff. I get all this and more at Lenox and do not hesitate to recommend it to anyone looking for more from a stay in Boston than four walls and a TV. Lastly I will mention that the manager at the Lenox Ms. White went above and beyond durring a stay for my and my wife's anniversary when she offered us a free upgrade to a beautiful suite that was available in honor of our anniversary. I have stayed at the Lenox since and felt equally welcome and immensly enjoyed our stay there.  Do yourself a favor and stay at a hotel with character and charm that is right in the heart of Boston close to all the shopping and events you won't regret it. Keith  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>soxgirlnh
<Content>Great Room  Just had a girls weekend in Boston and we stayed at the Lenox Hotel on Boylston St. It was just what we needed! Beautiful rooms, window overlooked Boylston St. and we even had a fireplace! The staff was very polite and even brought us up a mini-fridge! It was perfect location to walk to dinner and we found a great bar in the hotel called City Bar. We will definetly be returning in a couple months!  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>rednotdead
<Content>Not too bad Not a bad hotel but not the best. Room was ok and clean. Didn't eat in the hotel so can't comment on the meals.Good location though, very close to Copley Sq, the Pru and the public Library. Loads of eating/drinking places around with a good value food court in the bottom of the Pru centre.Hotel seems to be trading on its past glories a little but I would stay here again - providing I can get a good internet rate!  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Redgirl77
<Content>Best of Boston My husband and I went to Boston for our 31st anniversary. We wanted a charming hotel close to everything we planned: Red Sox game, Boston Symphony, The Subway , the Museums and great food and sites, galleries, charming neighborhoods and we wanted an elegant but cozy and friendly hotel. The Lenox is all this and more. Our room was big and the bed comfortable, the staff were so friendly, including the driver of the Town Car. I would recommend this hotel to everyone I know and would come back again !  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Givvie
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Lenox We stayed at the Lenox for 2 nights at the beginning of October and we really enjoyed it. The hotel is in a perfect location for exploring Boston, close to shops, restaurants and the major attractions. We were given a large room on the 11th floor with excellent views out over the city. The room was very clean and beautifully furnished in the characteristic style of the hotel. It had a large walk- in wardrobe, perfect for storage, a safe, mini fridge, large TV, radio and CD player, large bathroom with a range of toiletries, bathrobes, a very comfortable bed, high speed wi-fi connection and delicious cookies left in the room every evening! The staff were very friendly, welcoming and helpful and nothing was too much trouble. The only improvement from our point of view would be to have coffee/tea making facilities in the room itself as this was supplied in the mornings but it meant going downstairs to the lobby to collect it.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>scaredintibet
<Content>Loved the Hotel and Staff My husband and I had an amazing time staying at the Lenox. The room was impeccable and comfortable. And the staff was extremely helpful and nice, especially Meredith White. We really appreciated all her help and so enjoyed staying at this hotel!  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Gunslinger99
<Content>Great hotel, excellent service We stayed in the Lenox hotel for four nights early September. The location of the hotel is very good. Nice shopping streets (Newbury Avenue) is just a 2 minute walk away. Our room was quite big .The people in the hotel were exceptionally friendly. The service was excellent. e.g.: our stroller has been broken by Continental during our flight from Europe. Thomas Bliss, fantastic concierge, organized a new one. Thanks, Thomas!We can recommend this hotel to everyone, who needs a very good located hotel, friendly atmosphere and excellent service...  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>bazandkazm
<Content>fantstic hotel we stayed here as part of our 25th wedding anniversary holiday. what a fantastic hotel all the staff were so helpfull and friendly.we were given a up graded room with a city view which was a fab surprise, the room was spotless and huge. The bed was so comfy with beautiful soft sheets. The hotel was very central for sightseeing you could walk to most places from here or use the t station near by. this hotel is a must if in boston.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Arthaus
<Content>Great Service Great Location My wife and I had three nights in this hotel early in September. Good friendly service upon arrival and I have to say that the service and assistance given by all members of the hotel staff was very good. We had a lovely room with views over Back Bay (That' s the area, not a bay with water as I discovered!!) Extremely comfortable bed.Didn't eat in the hotel but we did have a couple of drinks in the impressive City Bar situated within the hotel...great cocktails. As documented in previous reviews, the hotel is ideally situated. Right next to the hotel is the library which I would thoroughly recommend visiting. Great interior with a peaceful quadrant. Trolley bus tour drivers were very knowlegable and helpful, unlike the staff of the Duck Tours. The Freedom Trail is good fun but with poignant areas along the way, such as the Irish Immigration Memorial and the Holocaust Memorial. Great Cannolli in The North End, together with many good places to eat ,We would certainly stay here again if we return to Boston  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Jerseybostonguy
<Content>Lenox is best! Lenox has it all: Great location, Great service, Great restaurants, charming rooms, fantastic concierge. All walking distance from Boston's best tourist attractions and business destinations. Highly recommend Lenox!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DollyGill
<Content>A must if staying in Boston Had an amazing stay at the Lenox for my husbands 30th birthday. You can't get a better location, close to T-stop, close to shops, bars  restaurants. Cheesecake Factory  P.F Changs is a must!! The staff at this hotel are the best I have ever encountered in all the times we have stayed in the States. The service is second to none and staff cannot do enough for you. Rooms are spacious and clean, as is the rest of the hotel. Glad we picked the Lenox and when we return to Boston, won't even consider staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Adrian9
<Content>My favourite hotel The Lenox is a family run hotel and it really shows.Everything is exactly the way a hotel should be. We stayed in room 918 ('Classic Room') from 1 to 4 Sept for the last three nights of our honeymoon and were impressed with everything from the bamboo in the bathroom to the presentation and cleanliness of the room. The service is equally excellent, from the cleaners to the concierge to reception staff to the bar staff.On a practical note the hotel is perfectly located for the subway next door, it is one block from the shops and cafes of Newbury Street and is about a 30 minute walk from downtown Boston.After spending three nights at the Boston Park Plaza on Arlington Street a week earlier we both felt the Lenox is on another level, most of the guests seemed to have stayed there before and I see why. My wife and I will be going back to Boston and we will be staying at the Lenox. (try the bar, I counted about ten different single malts, heaven!)  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TaraOakland
<Content>Wonderful Boston Hotel We stayed at the Lenox for several days for a family vacation prior to moving our daughter into college nearby Boston. It has an excellent location - one block from the T, many wonderful restaurants and shops within a few blocks, just a few T stops or a long walk to Boston common, 10 minutes T ride from the Freedom trail and museums, and a large grocery store one block away. Rooms were large and beautifully maintained, excellent service, concierge very helpful, bellmen also really great helping with lots of luggage and boxes. We got a good rate through hotel.com, and absolutely will stay there again.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>papoepiva
<Content>Great! what a great hotel!fantastic location (boylston at exeter), spacious rooms, on time room service, helpful and professional staff, great relationship quality/price, special mention for the very kind/smiling doormen and for keith, the chief concierge; our last night, he was able to get us a table at the best and busiest restaurant in the area (it was packed as it was 7.00pm). i was exhausted from the business day and my pregnant wife needed to eat quickly so his assistance made our day! dear hotel manager, please reward him!i will definitely book it again!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>butterjl
<Content>Charming hotel and exceptionally helpful staff Great location in the Back Bay area of Boston. Very close to Newbury Street with lots of shopping and restaurants. One block from the Prudential Center (v. large indoor mall with upscale shops).We had an enormous room (517) with a large walk-in closet and large bathroom. Impeccable cleanliness.However, the best attribute of the hotel was the service. The valet attendants at the front were attentive. The front desk personnel couldn't be more helpful, and Jimmy the older australian bellman was delightful (had to be 80 and managed to get all 5 of our bags to the room in record time and was charming us the entire way).I really felt that the price for the room was completely justified.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>gkraus1
<Content>Great location We enjoyed our stay at The Lenox, very nice and clean hotel with good service.We had a quick breakfast at their restaurant Azure every morning and it was OK. The place did not invite us to come back for dinner.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Elstonian
<Content>A good hotel, but there are better I stayed here at the end of a week in New England, during which I had stayed in some wonderful hotels and BB's. When we arrived, our room was supposed to be ready, but there was dirty laundry lying in the bathroom. The room itself was small and pokey, with no view. I explained this to the desk, and asked if we could change rooms. They gave us a new room which was much more roomy, and which had a view (and no dirty laundry).The hotel is central, and convenient for the new shopping mall.The staff gave us an early morning call, and arranged transport to the airport in plenty of time for our flight.Some of the areas around the lifts could do with refreshing, as they are looking a little tired. Otherwise the room we had was fine. For the price, I would prefer the Hilton in the financial district.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>DonDalezios
<Content>Excellent Hotel One of the best hotels I have stayed. We were there for 5 nights and we had a great time. Unbelievably polite and pleasant staff, beautiful room, fantastic location. I would definitely stay there again. The only issue that had not to do with the hotel but with expedia was that my credit card was hacked through the site (expedia.com), so be careful.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BermudaBum
<Content>Our Return After Over a Decade My wife and I decided to book a micro-vacation in Boston, her college city and a town we visit a few times a year. Being a Starwood Preferred Guest member, I always turn to the Westin first (There'll be a W in town soon!), but their rates were a bit more than I wanted to pay, even to earn some more SPG points, so I decided to look around a bit. About an hour later, I had it narrowed down to The Lenox and The Eliot, and, having stayed at the Lenox a few times in the past (at least twelve or thirteen years ago), passed on the Eliot, maybe for next time. We are both thrilled with my decision - For less than I would have paid at the Copley Plaza for a tiny, interior, queen-bedded room, we got a HUGE corner high-floor king! We had a double window overlooking Boylston St, and another on Exeter, with glimpses of the top of Trinity Church possible. The room had a walk-in closet, a pretty large bath (I'd say 6' by 11' or so?), a sleeper sofa positioned conveniently to the flat-screen TV, and a decorative fireplace. Both during the day and at turndown, our complimentary bottles of water were replenished in the otherwise-empty mini-fridge (Yay! No mini-bar to try to soak us dry!). I've read all the previous views extolling the service, but sort of figured, Well, c'mon, how good could it be, right?. Guess what folks? All those reviewers raving about the service were dead on! As we are nornally, we were very low-maintenance guests, so I can't point to any above  beyond experiences, but the overall attitidue of the staff was warm and genuinely appreciative. It's annoying to be spending all kinds of money at a hotel and getting about the same kind of serivce you'd expect at McDonald's - You will NOT find that attitude at The Lenox! The doorman got us a bellman and took care of handing off our car to the valet in about five seconds when we pulled up, while welcoming us and explaining the cost (Yes, he told us upfront - How novel!); Every time we'd walk toward the elevator, a bellman or other employee nearby would rush to push the call button; Each time we'd walk by either the concierge desk or reception, any employee not occupied with another guest would make eye contact and greet us with a smile and a good (morning, evening, etc). We just felt totally appreciated and welcomed all weekend. We didn't dine at either Azure or the pub, but had a couple rounds Sunday night at City Bar, which seems to be quite the scene. The waitress was quick and friendly, the sountrack was really cool,. and the crowd was diverse (Ages from low 20's to 50-ish), so it was a neat place to chill.  We would absolutely consider The Lenox the next time we're in Boston, as long as the price is in line with (or even a bit more than) other comparable properties in this very expensive hotel town.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>hhjunk
<Content>Reliable but ordinary hotel Yes it is an excellent hotel and no doubt one of the best in Boston but it does not leave one wanting to go back. No complaints as such but not exceptional.For example we came in from the rain one afternoon and asked the conciege where we might get coffee. He acted as if we were asking for the moon. He suggested the bar and a Costa round the corner, eventually he offered us room service in reception which was fine but in a top class hotel I would not expect coffee and biscuits to be a problem. Room service emant we had to pay a service charge and they still expected a tip!The business centre has free internet access which is great but only two pc's so I regularly had to wait in line, again in this class of hotel I would expect more.J,C and H  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>maximizinglife
<Content>Love this Hotel! My children and I stayed only one night at the Lenox during our northeast college tour but that one night left us wanting more! The staff is phenomenal! Everyone from valet, front desk, concierge, bellmen, housekeeping was waiting to serve us with the most pleasant attitude, something that I find lacking at most places. The room was very clean and classy. The bathroom was a bit small but hey, this is an old city! I spoke at length with three different concierge about sites, restaurants and transportation. All three were very generous with their time and suggestions. The stuffed Lenox Lions given to children at checkin are a really sweet touch! As I mentioned, we were sadly only in Boston for one night but were able to spend two days. The bellstaff stored our luggage after we checked out until we came back at 6:00pm to pick it up, saving the hassle of taking the car out of valet to load it up and put it back (and tip for the in and out!). Hotel location is excellent, in a very tony area with excellent restaurants and shopping just one street away (Newbury St.). Local sites such as Boston Public Garden, Boston Common, and Boston Public Library are all within walking distance. This hotel definately exceeded my expectations and I am very anxious to return to Boston and show my husband around! I wouldn't even consider staying anywhere else! I would also like to recommend two other companies we used and loved in Boston: Atlantic Fish House restaurant just across the street from the Lenox and Urban Adventours bike tour company. All in all, the people of Boston are great - very friendly and they have an awesome city to live in!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KgageStLouis
<Content>Beautiful Hotel We just returned from a wonderful stay at the Lennox. Room was beautiful and large. Hotel staff were extremely accomodating. Room service breakfast was delicious. Great location close to Pru tower, Trinity church, Boston public library and public transportation. We did not need a car in Boston. The subway stop was one block away. We also did the hop on hop off trolley which we purchased through the hotel. Great restaurant...Atlantic Fish Co just a block away.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>nistock
<Content>Central location Boston was the start of my July 2008 trip. After a much delayed flight, due to a computer crash at Dublin airport, the Hotel Lenox was a great first choice of hotel. We were upgraded to a large comfortable corner room. I really have no complaints about the hotel at all. Where it scores highest is its great location in the Back Bay area with its great places to eat and drink, as well as the shops. The start of the essential Duck tour is just round the corner. The Lenox is a 4-star hotel, and a very good one. It is friendly, efficient, with good service, and a good breakfast. I would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>lovetotravel104
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Lenox July 6-13, 2008 for our first visit to Boston. The location is great. Our room was very clean and spacious, except the bathroom was a bit small. The staff was very friendly and helpful. Children receive a stuffed Lenox the Lion when they check in--a nice touch. One highlight was the peanut butter chocolate kiss cookies that appeared every night with turn down service! Boston has great restaurants. Knowing that we would be enjoying delicious lunches and dinners, we decided to go light at breakfast time. On the other side of Lord and Taylor, which is right next to the Lenox, there is a supermarket. We bought some breakfast items and kept them in our room (there is a large mini refrigerator in the room) and didn't have to shell out for expensive room service breakfasts--$6.00 for a bowl of Rice Krispies is a bit much. We didn't eat at the fine dining restaurant, Azure. We did eat at the Irish Pub connected to the hotel. It was very good and a nice place to watch the Sox win. The subway is very close by. Copley Square and Prudential Center are just down the street. Newbury Street is a block away. The hotel is at Exeter and Boylston. There are many shops and restaurants on Boylston, including a Starbucks for your morning coffee. Be sure to try Atlantic Fish Co. just down the street from the hotel (on Boylston). We ate there for lunch and I had an awesome lobster roll. We had a fantastic time in Boston and would stay at the Lenox again without hesitation!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>elsal
<Content>High Marks For The Lenox We heard about this hotel thanks to Travelzoo.com  their weekly top 20 deals email. Their promotion gave us an upgraded room for 4 nights for $199 a night. A better deal than the large travel booking sites offered.We arrived by train into Boston from NYC  the Lenox Hotel is very convenient to the Back Bay train station. It's situated next to the large Boston Library  the Prudential Center on Boylston Street. A very nice neighborhood to walk around at any time of day or night. The hotel staff checked us into a spacious room with nice furnishings, four poster bed with comfy beddings, large walk in closet with a mini fridge  a huge bathroom. The Lenox has a few restaurants  bars on property  seemed to be well supported. Noise levels were never an issue during our stay and any requests to the concierge or housekeeping were addressed promptly  professionally. A taxi to the airport costs around 20-25 bucks from the hotel,  there were executive town cars waiting to take you immediately to Logan for thirty. It's a nice way to finish the trip.The hotel itself, it's location, their service all exceeded our expectations. I would be comfortable staying there again as well as any property in this Prudential Center/Back Bay area.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>egoldsby
<Content>Old Charm, Great Service We were there for a convention in February. Sometimes when you get the convention group rates, or it's planned through the convention website you're getting discounts and feel the difference in the discounted service upon arrival, but not the case here. My husband had a king bedroom and my mom  son shared another. Both rooms were exquisite, the service was fantastic and everyone from the concierge the personal touch of the manager was excellent. The location couldn't be better, easy walking or cab distance to literally everything. Highly recommend this boutique hotel. If I had to find a complaint, the servers at the irish pub downstairs were a little daft, but the food was excellent!  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>RQP
<Content>What lovely staff! We stayed one night in the Lenox when my dear husband arranged a birthday in Boston for me (including Red Sox tickets and a meal at the magnificent Capital Grille)... Although the Lenox is fantastically situated right in the heart of Back Bay and it is a fine old hotel building - it was the wonderful staff who really made it special for us. From the cleaning staff to the concierge - they were helpful, cheery (not always the case in Boston!), engaging and kind. The little touches = balloons in the room, and nice birthday card - this made all the difference. On a teeny off note... the room we stayed in had burns in the rug and bedside stand door (obviously a candle gone bad by a previous guest)... no biggie - but it was noticed.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ShrimpScampi
<Content>Simply Lovely We had a lovely stay on July 1 at The Lenox. The hotel was in a fantastic location, with Newbury Street and the Prudential Center within easy walking distance. We still dream of the extra comfy bed. The concierge made an error in booking us on a Duck Tour but immediately rectified the situation. In fact, they provided us with a complimentary bottle of wine as an apology. Certainly it wasn't necessary, but we appreciated the gesture - and the wine! We would definitely make The Lenox home during our next trip to Boston.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Barnie256
<Content>Great location, careful which room you get... Myself and my wife stayed at the Lenox from Jul 2nd to 6th 2008. Overall the hotel is good, reasonably priced in a great location with good onsite hospitality amenities...the breakfast (always a good indication of the food!) was very good and reasonably priced. The room was a nice size, clean, with a good sized television and a comfortable bed.The bathroom was clean and ok in size but the bath is small. Overall the bathroom could use a little updating.Our room however did have a couple of niggles...at night, the gap under the door (about an inch and a half at the locking side) let in a lot of light and noise...also, the air conditioning, even when switched off, was quite noisy, it made a sound like excessive 'white noise' all the time...finally, there seemed to be some sort of electrical engine running somewhere below the room (a corner room a few floors over the Lindt chocolate shop) because all night long there was the hum of an engine - very wearing, only solved by using the cotton wool provided in the vanity kit as make shift earplugs!So overall good, but get as far away from the chocolate shop as you can!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Toxoman
<Content>A Great Location  We stayed at The Lenox on Exeter Street in Boston's Back Bay neighborhood over the July 4th weekend. The staff was incredibly helpful and very friendly throughout our stay. The hotel is one block from Newbury Street, which is the main dining and shopping district in Boston, and there were many young people from the city's many colleges on this strip. There was definitely a fun and up-beat atmosphere in this neighborhood.The hotel is almost 100 years old and only has two elevators. Only one was working for most of the weekend. There was no coffee machine in the room and we were told us that this is due to a city ordinance. Room service was usually prompt about getting us a pot of decent coffee within a few minutes, though. And there was a Starbuck's located across the street.The rooms are large, if not old-fashioned in their lay-out. Surprisingly, we were never disturbed by anyone in the hallways despite there not being any barriers between the bed and the door. There was a large walk-in closet with an ironing board, refrigerator and full-size window, so we actually felt like we were in a suite. The bathroom was large and well appointed, but the flourescent lighting above the sink was a challenge to work with. But that appaears to be a city-code thing, too.The staff was always helful and helped us plan our our dining and sight-seeing through the city. They kept our car for us an extra half day after we checked out for a nominal fee and even brought it around and then re-parked it that day so we could store our shop purchases. The location is walking distance to good shopping and dining as well as the Museum of Fine Arts. It is minutes away on foot to the Boston Commons, gardens, and the historical trail through downtown. We walked to the aquarium on Long Warf in about half an hour.We would certainly recommend this hotel for anyone receiving a deal like we did on Orbitz, but if you are paying full price you might want to consider a newer hotel if you expect the most up-to-date amenities.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Arsenalmom
<Content>Unbeatable!!! First time with family in Boston, and the Lenox and its staff could not receive a stronger recommendation. Perfectly situated one block from 30-40 great places to eat on Newberry Street. Staff actually go out of their way to be polite and helpful, not just at checkin, but throughout the stay. It was amazing. Nice work out facilities, great beds, Irish Bar on site. I can not imagine ever staying anywhere else in Boston. Everything was perfect!!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sunster-Chicago
<Content>Fantastic Stay at the Lenox My husband and I came to Boston for the first time and stayed at the beautiful Lenox Hotel in the Back Bay area of Boston. Our room was beautifully decorated, a very comfortable king-size bed, a good-sized bathroom and a separate closet for our coats, etc. The service was outstanding! Everyone who worked at the hotel was friendly and knowledgeable. The concierges gave us all the information, plus maps and suggestions for the places we needed to go. We walked to Fenway Park for a game (Red Sox won!), we walked to almost every site we wanted to see. The beautiful Boston Gardens were within walking distance of the Lenox and the hotel is across the street from the stately Boston Public Library and lots of shopping, restaurants and pubs. When we come again to Boston, (and we will) we will definitely stay at the Lenox . It was like our home away from home. The candies left on our turned-down bed every night were sweet!The hotel price was more reasonable than a lot of the larger hotels around. The Lenox is only 11 stories high, and it felt a lot cozier than the other hotels. We recommended it highly!  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>StefanieCapeTown
<Content>Fabulously positioned Hotel What a fabulous hotel the Lenox is. After a very long flight from Cape Town in South Africa via London, we were delighted to find such a stylish well kept hotel. It truly lived up to all the rave reviews on Trip advisor and the room looked just like the photo on the web, which was a huge relief! It is probably the best positioned hotel for touring central Boston. I booked on line and got a special rate which was great. It is expensive, especially in South African terms, but well worth it. We loved the turn down service and the Lindt chocolate that was put on our pillow every night. Even better.....there is a Lindt store right underneath the hotel so every night when you trudge wearily back to your hotel, you could pop in for a sweet 鈥減ep me up. Another very useful thing is that there is a Dunkin Doughnut right across the road from the hotel so my husband popped over every morning for our coffee which was a fraction of the hotel prices. The hotel is so wonderfully positioned that we never had to use taxis. The 5th Avenue of Boston, Newbury Street is only 2 blocks away. Truly a 3 min walk. There you can stroll along the wonderfully wide sidewalks and experience Boston life, its people and shops. The Bostonians are so smart and they all seem to have beautifully groomed dogs. A 20 min walk will take you to the public gardens and on the other side of the park is the famous Cheers Pub. A must see with good food as well. Another half hour from the park will find you in Beacon Hill, the oldest part of Boston which is an absolute treat, with the most exquisite homes and little squares. Boston and the Lenox is definitely deserving of a second visit!  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>nikitasmom
<Content>Wonderful Stay Our stay at the Lenox Hotel was great. Everyone was so friendly and helpful. My son was given a stuffed lion upon check in which he loved. The room was beautiful and surprisingly spacious for an older hotel. We ate breakfast at Azure. The meal was very good but the only downside is my son's breakfast didn't arrive until 20 minutes after ours. As a way to make amends the waitress didn't charge us for my son's. I would definetly recommend the Lenox. It's a wonderful hotel in a great location and you can easily walk to many attractions and it's close to public transportation.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gglg
<Content>Highly recommend this hotel We stayed in a Superior King room with a view overlooking Boylston St. This historic hotel in the Back Bay area is a block away from the Amtrak station and a subway station is also nearby. The Lenox has been fully restored with a beautiful lobby and plush furnishings. The room was spacious, well appointed with quality furnishings, with walk in wardrobe and attractive bathroom with quality fittings and accessories. The King bed was extremely comfortable. The hotel has a quality restaurant and separate bar and an Irish pub is also part of the hotel. The hotel is among numerous restaurants and bars in Boylston and nearby Newbury Sts. The staff were very helpful and friendly. We booked the hotel through the Historic Hotels of America website at an advance purchase rate. We would make it a point to return again to the Lenox when visiting Boston in the future. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sophiadecouto
<Content>Had a wonderful stay at the The Lenox My husband and I spent this past weekend at The Lenox and had a fabulous time! The wonderful hospitality began from the moment we arrived at this 鈥渂outique鈥?hotel. Our room was really lovely (and big), turndown service was wonderful鈥specially the delicious cookies they provided! If you want to have a few drinks, the infamous City Bar is in the lobby鈥?.have a few martinis (my favorite is the ginger-peach martini) and stumble up to your room. The Lenox is located smack in the middle of an array of shopping and dining. You can not go wrong at The Lenox!  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Angelina049
<Content>Great experience in Boston Our stay at the Lenox hotel was superb, the staff was friendly and accomodating, the ammeneties were top notch, best location in Boston, I would stay there again and again.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>globetrotterDundalk
<Content>A Great Place to Stay       Bathroom  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>kabir0210
<Content>Location, Location, Location! You can't get a better location than where the Lenox is located. We could walk/take the train anywhere. Conveniently located in Copley Square, you are one block from Newbury Street, a 10 min. walk to the public gardens, and endless restaurants and bars.The hotel itself was very nice, but pricey. I was expecting nicer rooms (especially the bathroom), but the location and excellent staff made up for it.I would definitely stay here again (if I can get a better rate)!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dinosaw
<Content>A Very Enjoyable Stay We recently spent five nights at the Lenox in one of their deluxe king rooms. The room itself was almost identical to the photo on their website, spacious and nicely furnished with a large LCD TV and CD player. The lobby was very elgant and the property as a whole had a classy feel. All the staff we encountered were friendly and efficient. Out of their bars/restaurants we only tried Solas their Irish bar but the food and drink were pretty good. A major plus of the Lenox is it's superb location, a huge amount of dining, drinking and shopping options are within a five minute walk of the hotel, as is the Copley T station. It also only took us twenty or so minutes walk to reach Fenway Park and about the same to the start of the Freedom Trail on Boston Common. We really couldn't find much at all to fault with the Lenox, coffee making facilites would have been nice but it's hardly a major minus. Overall a very enjoyable stay and we would certainly return both to Boston and the Lenox.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>mike_at_los_altos_CA
<Content>Great hotel in Superb Location My wife and I stayed in the Lenox Hotel between Thursday May 15 and Sat May 17. We had a great experience. We would recommend this hotel to everyone visiting Boston.RoomWe had a double room on the 10th floor with two windows. The room is reasonable size in the Boston metro area. Not huge but big enough. It is nicely furnished. Room was super clean. The maid came to clean the room multiple times each day. They restock the bottle water, clean the bathroom and towels, and refresh the bed and bath robes. Free Wifi was available throughout the hotel. I believe that exercise facility was available also, but we did not use that.ServiceALL the hotel works were very professional -- from bell boys to check-in counter to maid service. Always helpful and always smiling. The front desk was very efficient. We did not waited for long for anything. I am very happy that we were able to check in 7:30AM in the morning. That enable us to take a shower and have a full day to activities.LocationThe hotel is near the Back Bay Area in Boston. Near the Boston Public Library and the Green Line on the T (subway). The hotel is next to the Newbury Street shopping area, the Prudential Center shopping, Copley Place and the Duck Tour starting point. Boston Common, Faneuil Hall, Freedom Trail, Boston Harbor and Convention Center, and MIT can easily be reached via the T.TransportationWe took the Silver Line, to the Red Line, to the Green Line on the T to the hotel. Easy, cheap and fast. No problem at all. We took the T everywhere and did not try taxi or bus.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrightonSpike
<Content>Great Location in a Great City We stayed at the Lennox between the 5th and 10th April 08, On Arrival at the hotel we were met by very helpful reception staff. Boston is a great city, we have been to NYC previously and we would return to Boston over New York. The locals, The scenary and the shopping are all superb. The visit to the top of the Prudential Tower is well worth a visit for spectacular views across the city.As for the hotel, ideal situation, right next to the Copley subway which provides easy access to all of the city. The hotel in the main is fine, the room was very comfortable, the hotel is old and is showing some signs of this, most days we had an issue in the room and whilst not major every day when you have to ask reception to resolve problems it does get annoying, for example the air condition and heating failed to work each day, the shower had no hot water, the door key didnt work on a regular basis, The hotel staff were very apologetic and resolved the problem very quicky only for the problems to return the following day. Whilst annoying this would not stop us from visiting the hotel again, We hope to return to Boston later this year.  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>tb_review
<Content>Just perfect This is the first time that I write a review for an Hotel, but I want to share with other travellers my nice experience at The Lenox Hotel. I have spent only two nights at Boston in this hotel with my wife during our trip in the U.S.A at the end of April 2008.I live in Italy, and even if in last months you have probably read bad news about Italian garbage near Naples (grrr!!!), you know that Italians love living in clean houses. 鈥淭he Lenox鈥?is not only a really clean hotel鈥f you enter the lobby you鈥檒l enjoy a really pleasant smell that is there in the air. But this has only been the beginning of our enjoyable experience.After booking the two nights I had sent an e-mail at Lenox internet site informing them that we鈥檇 spend 鈥渁 sort of second honeymoon鈥?in the U.S.A.At the reception when we arrived at the Hotel (in the early morning!) they gave us an upgraded room at the same price. What a lovely and big room, with a fireplace!After the surprise of the nice room we experienced a fantastic extra. After a few minutes we entered the room a waiter knocked the door with a delicious cheeseboard, some delicious biscuits and a bottle of Cabernet Sauvignon on the tray. We loved it and, before tasting everything, we read the wonderful hand-written message that the assistant of the front office manager have sent us. We have carried this beautiful envelope back in Italy to have a good memory of that nice hotel. We used the wireless internet connection that is a complementary service (that is free of charge) to contact, with my laptop and webcam, our relatives in Italy using internet.The Hotel offers also many other free services that you could see directly at its internet site.The Hotel is placed in a perfect place. You can reach Copley place in 2 minutes, or see the magnificent London-like buildings (with lovely shops at their ground floor) in all streets near the Lenox. The metro is at 50 m. from the Hotel.I definitely recommend 鈥淭he Lenox鈥?hotel in Boston. It鈥檚 really a valuable Historic American Hotel.P.S.: In Boston we have also tasted two delicious dinners at sLegal Sea Food Restaurant. If you like sea-food, shell-sea-food and good white wines then this is the right place for you. I recommend it. Its unique limit is that you can't find it in many USA cities!!!  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ivoryb
<Content>Ticks all the boxes Have recently returned from a four night stay in the lenox a great experience. Firstly location is perfect close to Boston Common and handy for trains ( harvard trip a must) and short taxi rides to anywhere else you want to visit. The rooms were well appointed and roomy enough bathrooms were fine. There are two bars an Irish bar a little more casual and the city bar very busy and a little more highbrow.The gym is small but does a job.Staff very pleasant over all and doorstaff were very helpful.Overall if you stay at the lenox you will not be disappointed  
<Date>May 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>ReadHere
<Content>Wonderful stay       Another picture of my room  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bradytomoss
<Content>Almost Perfect! My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three nights at the beginning of May. We arrived early (around 10 am) and were told our room was not ready yet. We were also informed at that time that we had been upgraded to an Executive Suite (room 1008) and that we would be contacted when our room was ready. By 1:30 pm we hadn't been contacted so I called the hotel and was informed that the room was still not ready but to call back in 25 minutes. We decided to walk back to the hotel and by the time we arrived the staff member told us our room was ready. She then handed us keys to room 417 at which time I asked her if this was the same type of room as 1008. She informed me that room number 1008 was still not ready and that other than being six floors lower they were bascially the same room. She allowed us to check the room to see if it was to our liking. The room was very nice but had no view other than that of a huge air vent. I then spoke with a room attendent who informed me that there was a significant difference between the two rooms. I returned to the front desk and questioned the employee further to which she replied, you win. you can have the room. This comment upset me in the fact that I wasn't trying to win anything, I just wanted the truth. Oh....and magically, room 1008 was ready all along. Two lies from one employee....and that's not the last one.The room was beautiful (fireplace, flat screen, etc) The rest of the staff were excellent. Probably the best I have ever experienced from a hotel. Our first night there 84 year old employee, Jimmy Fisher, came to our room to light our fire. He alone made our trip. However, on our last night I returned to the front desk to obtain additional firewood to start another fire. The original woman was working and informed us that after May they no longer light fires in the rooms. I informed her that we had fires the last two nights to which she replied, oh, ok, I'll send someone up. She drove me crazy! I almost informed her superiors about my experiences with her but didn't because the rest of the staff made me forget about her. The location is perfect. A good healthy walk to and from Faniel Hall but only a few minute subway ride if you're not into walking. Lots of restaurants around and plenty of shopping. Also a quick ten minute walk to Fenway. The only thing bad about this hotel (other than that one employee) is the fact that our room was so nice we never wanted to leave.I recommend this hotel to everyone and would definitely stay there in the future.  
<Date>May 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>mrsje
<Content>The Lenox is charming We stayed at the Lenox as my husband was running in the Boston Marathon. We originally booked the Marriott and, when we went to see what we missed, we were so glad we had changed our booking to the Lenox.There is a nice friendly atmosphere at the Lenox, the staff are all helpful and efficient and nothing is too much trouble for them. The hotel is well situated and within walking distance of excellent restaurants (inc the wonderful Atlantic Fish Company), shopping mall, Common, subway etc.Our room was clean and tidy with a comfortable bed, and we liked the homely touches to the bathroom and the nightly bed turn down service. We thought the marathon goody bag was a generous, thoughtful gesture by the hotel and was indicative of the great efforts to please.Our room service meal was excellent but my only crticism of the hotel concerns the bar and restaurant. For me the bar was not a good place - personally I don't like sitting in the pitch black, and I would have liked to be able to get a good cup of coffee when returning to the hotel after a busy day.The meal we ate in the restaurant was not at all good, but the hotel was completely full at that time, the staff were great and I feel very guilty making any sort of criticism at all. Our thanks to you all for a very enjoyable stay, I have no hesitation in recommending the Lenox and hope to return again soon.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Katymc226
<Content>Treated like royalty Absolutely nothing too much trouble for the staff, friendly, helpful and taking great pride in their work.The room was beautiful and the bathroom to die for! My husband wanted to fit the large LCD TV into our suitcase.Each evening the beds were turned down and little pastries left on the pillow. Sumptuous bathrobes per person, iron board, safe in the closet, which was easy to set with your own pin number, and an umbrella. Everything felt luxurious and the thought that went into the furnishings was incredible.The Azure restaurant served an elegant breakfast at a reasonable price; the Solas Irish pub did a very hearty plate of simple but good food (bring your appetite).The City Bar was lively but elegant, the staff were very thorough on checking ID to ensure no under age drinking.The hotel was central for walking into Boston, or if you did not want to walk, the dooman would wave a cab for you, however the 鈥楾鈥?was only one block away with $2 per trip.To use a Bostonian quote, 鈥楢 place were everybody knows your name鈥? unlike larger chain hotels were you are just a number.We did not want to come home  we can鈥檛 wait to go again.A word of warning which was not any fault of the Lenox was a rogue taxi driver when we were on a trip, claimed to be our transport back and then tried to claim extra money and was very demanding.. We called the police and the Concierge dealt with all of it for us, ensuring that we got inside in the warmth and even arranging coffee for ourselves and three people who were not even guests. Ask to check ID and always make sure you know who is supposed to pick you up  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>happycamperNewYork
<Content>Musty, gloomy dowager At $345/night I was hoping for something a little classier. I don't think my room had been properly aired in years. The paint is chipping; the decor is tired and the lighting is terrible. The tiny room was dominated by a giant flat screen tv but there was no comfortable place to sit. Excuse me, the bed does not count as a chair, thank you very much. And what is it with the loose headboards that crash into the wall every time someone in the neighboring room rolls over?  
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	4	-1	3	

<Author>merc3gem
<Content>Totally surprised I was AMAZINGLY surprised by this hotel. My stay was half business half pleasure. I was originally booked at the Westin however when my colleague booked here, I switched because it would have made work easier. I was a bit leary because it is a boutique hotel and I was going to stay one week. I was a little worried about the hotel staff and standards of the room. From the very start - i.e. exiting the taxi! - I had wonderful customer service. It's the level of service I expect at a Fairmont or Ritz-Carlton. A great perk is that the hotel has free wireless internet throughout the hotel. The hotel does a lot of things to be more energy pollution conscious. The toilet is one of those 1.6 gallon super flusher. Sounded really cool at first however it's loud and may require more than one flush to do the job. The room service menu is limited. The only real downside is that the room didn't have a coffee machine. I would definitely stay here if I ever need to travel to Boston again.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Afa-Annie
<Content>Superb Staff The first thing you notice on entering the hotel is the ambience and plushness.Our room was oppulent,not one of the large rooms there,but grand all the same....with a lovely comfy bed and widescreen LCD TV...just the tonic after a day walking the city.......The maid came every night to do the turn down...what a sweet gesture.......and with a sweet dreams pilllow put on top of the bed along with confectionery to nibble..........The staff were all lovely and nothing was any trouble to them........One particularly special touch happened just about half an hour after we arrived......Our bags took a while to get to us and a waiter suddenly appeared at the door with a trolley tray complete with champagne,glasses and a letter of apology because we didn,t recieve our bags to the room in their alloted time scale.......Wow.!!!!What service...........Would I recommend this hotel..........YES..........you bet i would.........And if you are going i can assure you that your every need will be taken care of by their fabulous staff..........ENJOY........Thankyou Lenox for lovely memories..........  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SGtravels
<Content>An Exceptional Hotel - We Will Definitely Be Back My mom and I stayed at the Lenox for a long weekend. We were amazed by this place. We used to travel all over with my dad's company, staying in some very high-end hotels. The Lenox, with its incredibly personalized and attentive service, stands out as one of the most memorable hotels we have ever experienced.The staff went above and beyond to make sure my mom and I had a wonderful stay. Everyone was exceedingly professional and friendly. My mom and I love to try non-touristy local restaurants. We called the concierge a few weeks before our trip and she made excellent recommendations for all of our meals. She even made all of the reservations and we found ourselves at the best tables.The hotel itself is a historic property that has been impressively updated. It feels both classic and sleek. Our room, with two comfortable queen beds, was spacious and very clean. The bathroom contained products by Aveda. The hotel is quiet. We never heard any noise from neighboring rooms, the hallway or from the street. The hotel's location is perfect, with easy access to the Copley Square train station. If you like to shop, Newbury Street is just a block away. It is also very close to the Convention Center and the Prudential building. Boston is really not that big; we walked from the Italian North End through Boston Common to the hotel in just about a half an hour. We highly recommed this hotel and definitely plan to go back.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlexAlecSmith
<Content>Bad experience I stayed at the Lenox with a friend. We had booked twin beds, we were give one queen size for two not small people. When shown the room we immediately asked to be changed and were told that this was not possible. This continued to be not possible for the whole 6 nights so I spent 4 of them sleeping on the floor. Our requests were met by blank smiling faces that refused to recognise a problem or do anything about it.Alex Alec-Smith  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	4	3	-1	-1	3	

<Author>comedor
<Content>Suberb service! Stayed there Marathon weeked; a very busy time for the hotel. Nonetheless, the service was superior. Not only were we treated great, we saw many instances where staff helped other visitors. (e.g., for people checking in whose rooms weren't ready yet, staff immediately jumped them in the lobby offering to take all manner of bags to storage to leave the guests free to cruise the nearby streets and marathon expo.) I know we would never have gotten the same level of service at one of the large chain hotels nearby. They accomodated a room change request; they gave great, accurate directions- an especially helpful act because of street closures on both Sunday and Monday. The conceirge staff was very knowledgable and gave us a restaurant recommendation that perfectly fit our description of what we desired. Our room was clean and presentable; never waited too long for an elevator (good luck with that in a fully-booked Marriott!); enjoyed the walk-in closet and large in-room fridge; nice to have a bathtub available instead of shower only. I'd stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Byrne_Southampton
<Content>Poor customer service - don't bother Very disappointing. Firstly they upgraded our friends and not us. Then we tried to get into the hotel bar and were told we'd have to queue - to get into the bar in our own hotel! Complained the next day and they weren't interested. Room was nothing to write home about considering how much we had paid. Suggest you go somewhere else.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>philwrigley
<Content>Best hotel in Boston       Hallway outside our room  
<Date>Apr 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>peterharwich
<Content>Never Again... Had been looking forward to staying here having looked at the reviews, reality was a little different. I think I have seen a smaller hotel room but after thinking for a week I cannot recall where. We had hoped for a twin rather than a double a request for this was dismissed out of hand with a retort that we should keep checking back to see if one became free. Staff came and removed the keyboard that was with the tv, no note was left to explain this so we thought intruders may have got in, but it was to do with wireless access points. We were out a lot during our six night stay but when we were in the room staff kept knocking on the door to ask if you were OK, when you said no they just stared at you, very strange !. Will not go again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	1	1	2	

<Author>SSS2005
<Content>Met expectations Stayed at the Lenox for 4 nights while on a business trip. The rooms were nice, big, clean. Large plasma in the room. Don't know if that was their standard room or a check-in upgrade. The gym is small but functional and the hotel has limited amenities... but for someone who just needed bed to sleep in the hotel is perfect. Location is a ++++++ as it is lively just stepping outside the doors - even at night. Met all my requirements and expectations...  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>snowwhite
<Content>Beutiful Hotel with friendly staff We stayed at The Lenox for 4 nights with our 2 children.After reading many reviews on here I emailed the hotel a week before our stay and asked if we could have a corner room and how did we get the teddy bears for our children. Keith emailed back and said he would sort everything out for me!When we arrived after a long flight we were welcomed so warmly and our children were given lovely soft teddy bears - what a wonderful gesture.When we walked into our room we were delighted - it was so so spacious and beautifully furnished and decorated with 2 double beds, a large flatscreen tv, writing desk, good sized table and chairs, full length mirror, 2 windows, fireplace, CD player, drinking water and proper glasses, a massive drawer unit and built in wardrobe which contained the safe, bathrobes, umbrella, iron and ironing board. The bathroom had aveda toiletries and plenty of fluffy towels folded creatively. ( But our toilet also had vecro to hold up the seat!!)The public restrooms were lovely and my husband and son were amazed to see a tv above each urinal - my daughter had to go in to see this but I did not dare. All the staff were so friendly, Keith and Cindy helped us out regularly with advice and maps and ideas on child friendly eating places.We also loved the lindt chocolates every night as part of the turndown service.We would definately stay here again, the location is great, as others have described and I can honestly say it is the friendliest place we have ever stayed.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Shantam
<Content>Welcome return We hadn't been to Boston for seven years but chose to return to the hotel we last stayed in. It was a good decision; the Lenox bills itself as a boutique hotel but if that makes you think of beige walls , the ubiquitous throw over the end of the all white bedding and a state of the art bathroom think again. This is much cosier and more unique. Slightly old fashioned in decor but warmer because of it. We stayed in a junior suite which was very large - the walk in wardrobe was bigger than our third bedroom. The only disappointment was the bathroom which whilst huge didn't appear to have been modernised and had a very average shower. That apart if you want good service, a central position and a unique hotel this is the one.We will return again  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>fielding
<Content>We liked it, but My wife and I stayed at the Lenox over St. Patrick's Day weekend (yes, it's a weekend in Boston). The Irish pub in the hotel was jammed and rowdy. So was the other bar -- City Bar -- even if a gentler kind of spot. There was lots of comings and goings through the lobby -- many people not guests but going to the bars. That's not why we were in town and, despite the hubhub, enjoyed our stay. Still...the old-fashioned presence of the Lenox -- very lovely, really -- belies the notion of it as one of Boston's favorite watering holes. Our room was one of the larger doubles featuring two windows and well over 400 sq ft. Not especially well appointed -- certainly could use some updating, and the bathroom was small. Strangely, the toilet seat could only stay up by being velcro-ed to the wall behind it (velcro provided). Good beds and very dark curtains. Didn't pick up much street noise and we slept so well one night we overslept a meeting the next morning. We booked our room on hotel.com and got a very favorable rate, much less than the advertised rate. For what we paid, and for Boston (notoriously expensive), the Lenox was great. Not so sure I'd say that, though, if I'd paid more. One of the Lenox's finest features is the location in the heart of Back Bay -- it's one reason why we picked it . The other reason is because we had stayed there for a night on our honeymoon more than 30 years ago. No real memory of it, but I'm quite sure it didn't have the lively night life then that it does now. The Lenox has a nice authentic old-fashioned ambiance in a superb location -- if only the rooms had some of the same updating that has been put into the public conveniences!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kiwiwinelover
<Content>Beautiful hotel Without exception, the five nights we spent at the Lenox was the best hotel experience we have ever had. The reception area was elegant and welcoming. Our room was huge with a massive television, huge bed, excellent shower pressure and the maid service was very good. The location was perfect for us, very close to great shopping and restaurants. Without a doubt I would stay here again. Superb.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Eileen-Mark
<Content>Super Hotel! We have just returned from 2 weeks at The Lenox and had a fabulous time.This is a great hotel in every way - staff, location, cleanliness and facilities.It is a two minute walk to the Copley T-station and walking distance to everything from Boston Common to the shopping at the Prudential Centre next door. The Irish Bar in the hotel, Solas, has a good atmosphere and serves great food. The City Bar also in the hotel is a more salubrious cocktail bar which makes super cocktails and is really relaxing. It is very busy at weekends. We ate at Azure Restaurant in the hotel once and had a good enough meal - not good enough to return though!All of the staff at the hotel were excellent - friendly and helpful yet so professional at all times. The Lindt chocolates on the pillows each night was a nice touch as was the complimentary water in the rooms each day. Two small things that slightly irked me was the fact that there were no tea/coffee making facilities in the room and also that whilst we were there they were laying new carpet on the corridors and stairs and the hammering started quite early. Not great when you are having a lie in on holiday! We thought it a little strange that we had been given notification that the windows would be cleaned (didnt see or hear that) but not about the noise from the carpet layers. As I have said these are very small things in an otherwise excellent hotel and if in Boston again I will definitely be staying at The Lenox.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>wife-o-chris
<Content>Great Spot OK room The location of the Lenox right in the Back Bay is the number one reason to stay there, The Hotel has impressive history, and the staff is nice and helpful. The rooms are just OK. The rates at the Lenox are usually pretty high, and it's a bummer when you get a tiny room with an old TV on a stand from the 80's. The beds and pillows are nice and comfy and the Aveda products are great.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>AlisonJJackson
<Content>Wonderful historic hotel Our tour of MA started with the Lenox and could not have been better. From the moment you arrived to the moment you left nothing was too much trouble. We have never stayed at any hotel where all the staff (without exception) are friendly and helpful. The rooms were very good as were the restaurant and bars. City bar was particularly appreciated by our 22 year old son. Would not hesitate to go back, in fact we wish we were there now.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>uktraveller1982
<Content>Great hotel, fab location Am pleased to say I can agree with the vast majority of other reviews on here that put that hotel at 4th best in Boston. Easy checkin meant we were in the room very quickly, with a follow up courtesy call to check all was well. We had a corner room with 2 doublebeds, lots of room. No real views to speak off but then we weren't there for the views. Large TV, reasonable sized bathroom with Aveda toiltries. Fairly small closet really, but enough space for us really with the draws as well. Nice to have a large full length too as often hotel rooms do not have one. Maid service efficient and friendly, evening turntown available. We found the concierge and front desk helpful, even the bellboy was quick to ask if we needed a hand with anything whilst waiting for the concierge and advised us of what we needed. We didn't eat/drink any any of the restaurants but all looked nice and seemed to be enjoyed by the locals, which is usally a good sign. Key for me is the location, right by the Copley T station and pretty close to Back Bay too on the Orange line, which is pretty handy. Good shopping nearby with Newbury St and the Prudential Centre.We had a really good rate so for the money we paid, definitely worth it and even paying more I think that I would have been happy.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ronanosullivan
<Content>Worst hotel I ever stayed in. Insincere And Unqualified Staff I stayed in this hotel. I was fined US 175 for smoking in a room. There was no advice that you cannot smoke in this room, there was no no smoking sign in the hallway, room door or in the room. Further there was ash trays provided in this room. The staff were not helpful and just quoted that there is a no smoking policy? I asked what efforts they had used to inform patrons of this policy and they said it was quoted on website and in a form you sign upon booking. Unfortunately a travel agency booked hotel! Wreckless staff and obviously high uneducated as they werent able to evaluate the situation themselves. Upon complaining to the hotel manager he hung up the phone. Terrible stay well clear of this dump.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Boowilo
<Content>Pretty good but a couple of blips We booked the Lenox as part of a weekend package and, although it hadn't been our first choice, we were pleasantly surprised. We were given a corner room which was huge but the best thing was the thickness of the walls and therefore the soundproofing - no creaking floorboards or rattling plumbing from next door. With Boston so achingly cold outside, our room was a haven of warmth and cosiness.It's a lovely hotel and the reception and concierge staff are very friendly and helpful but a couple of details let it down. After a hard day shopping we ordered tea from room service. When nothing arrived after 20 minutes we chased and were told it would be another 25. How long does it take to fill a pot with boiling water? When it did turn up the tea was lukewarm. And the bathrooms (or ours, at least) are dated with clanky taps and disappointing showers.Still, on the up side, the location is great and they do a wicked watermelon mojito in the stylish bar!  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	4	2	2	

<Author>Longwood Traveler
<Content>Excellent hotel in a very convenient area. Stayed here for 3 nights while on a business trip in Boston. I managed to get a great rate for the standard room and was a little concerned that I would end up in a miserable corner somewhere in the depths of the hotel. Thankfully I ended up in a nicely appointed room next to the elevator. And - no elevator noise. The view was less than stellar - a rooftop and looking up to the Prudential Center but I wasn't there for the view.The closet was a true walk-in closet with plenty of quality hangars, luggage stand, a safe, ironing board and iron. Also provided were terry cloth robes for in room use. I could even fit my luggage in the closet and still get to my clothes with no problem. The only down side was the safe was too small to fit a standard laptop computer. Not very useful from that standpoint.The queen bed was comfortable and turn down service was provided every evening. The room was quiet and I didn't even need to use my earplugs. The free wireless internet worked fine and the flat screen TV worked fine. Lighting in the room was excellent.The bathroom was smallish but efficiently designed. Shower water pressure was strong (very strong) and hot water was consistent. The standard amenities were available and replenished when used.The service at the hotel is excellent. The front desk was more than polite and informative. The bell staff was helpful and polite. The valet and doorman went out of there way to get a cab from around the corner during a heavy rain. The only restaurant I used on the premises was Solas the Irish Pub and I had the Mussels in white wine broth for an appetizer (excellent with great bread for dipping) and the Apple Crisp with Ice Cream (a little burnt on top but still tasty). I was stuffed. Service was polite but a little frazzled.The location of the hotel is excellent. I went to a restaurant on Newbury Street, Tapeo, for Spanish tapas. It was within easy walking distance of the hotel. I had been there before and recommended it to a small business group. It turned out to be a winner again. Excellent service and great food. You can walk to one of two T stops to get around town and there are plenty of other good restaurants and shopping in the area. Checkout was easy and no surprises. All in all an excellent stay.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>olisonic
<Content>Great Hotel       My Room  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PeapodNY
<Content>4.5 out of 5, Excellent Stay! From check in to check out, we have very little to complain about The Lenox Hotel. We just spent the weekend in Boston and booked a great rate for a king room on hotels.com.Immediately upon check in, the hotel was accommodating with an issue we had. They called about 20 minutes later to make sure everything was ok with the room. The concierge, Tom Bliss did a great job with recommendations as well as getting us a last-minute reservation at Aujourd'hui for dinner. All of the staff was very pleasant and accommodating.The decor is elegant and charming and while might be stuffy for someone looking for a modern decor, I found it very welcoming. Downstairs has black wood and the hallways are navy and gold, just beautiful and classic. The rooms are a similar style, with nice molding and decor. The room was not huge but a good size with a comfortable king-sized bed and a flat screen TV. The marble bathroom was also not huge but very nicely lit and laid out with nice fixtures and there was a large walk-in closet. A good number of outlets and complimentary wireless made a little work very easy. We asked for and were given a room on a higher floor, so we had a nice view looking down Boylston Street but with very little street noise or sound from the hallway of the hotel. Wonderful night's sleep both nights.We only ate breakfast at the hotel, once room service and once at Azure. The breakfast is decent, though you might be able to find something better for the price fairly close by. There was a line at both City Bar and Solas on Friday night, but City Bar gave us priority as guests of the hotel and we did not wait long to get in.Overall, I would highly recommend The Lenox as a relaxing, warm, charming, elegant place to stay in Boston. It was very convenient off I-90 and parking, though not cheap (Copley Place was $34 for 24 hours), is easily accessible within 2 blocks walking distance.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tonicurt27
<Content>Repeat Customer Gets Warm Welcome When I called the Lenox Hotel for a return visit, I was treated like a VIP by an engaging woman on the reservation desk named Debbie Curran. What a pleasure to be made to feel that my business was important to the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cjlewis
<Content>Great Hotel, Great City Recently stayed at the Lenox Hotel Back Bay Boston.I was in a party of fourty nine of us that had travelled over from wales for a break from work.And we found the perfect city and the perfect hosts.All the staff were freindly and couldn`t do enough for any of the group.The hotel was clean efficent and situated in a perfect location near the many shops.Staff were always their to help any of the group to plan their day and help organise some day trips with local firms which saved us spending money on organised tours.the rooms are adequate for the amount of time your in them and are well proportioned.It also has a nice irish pub which serves good food and drink and also a snazy citi bar and restaurant.All of my companions enjoyed themselves and appreciated the hotel hospitallity.I will be returning with the in laws for a pre christmas trip and will stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>VATman
<Content>Friendly and Well Located In Boston for two nights prior to a 5 night stay in Killington as part of a half term family skiing trip with our 14 years old son. Chose this hotel based on other reviews and location and got a great deal via otel.com (one of the links via check rates).Everyone at the Lenox was so friendly and helpful. The place is small enough and old enough to have the character that you just don't get from the big corporate chains. The rooms are traditionally furnished and OK space wise although our bathroom was a bit small. I believe the lobby, restaurants and other public areas have all been refurbished in the last year or two.We only ate breakfast at the hotel which was good and the location is perfect just a block away from Copley Sq. Would recommend the Lenox to anyone.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chastug
<Content>Great Hotel       the Lenox  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Bgiants
<Content>Gem of Copley Sq Stayed at the Lenox for two nights and my stay exceeded expectations. I was in Boston for a professional conference at another major hotel chain, but decided to stay in a more personalized location - and very glad I did.From the greeting of the doorman upon arrival to his goodbye two days later, I felt welcomed and at home at the Lenox. The King room was very roomy, wireless internet, large walk in closet with refrigerator, large bathroom with elegant fixtures, and large HDTV. Room was clean and the staff was very accomodating. I was called 5 minutes after check in just to see if I needed anything and if the room met my expectations - great service.The conference at the other hotel was overbooked and one of my colleagues needed to find another hotel. I asked the Lenox if I could move to a room with two beds and they were very accomodating - even offering to move my luggage. They never hesitated in their efforts to make my stay enjoyable. The double room was just as nice as the King room - it even had a fireplace.So when in Boston, look up the Lenox, and if in the Copley Sq. area - definitely stay here instead of the Marriot's, Sheraton's, or Hilton's - I have stayed at each of these and the Lenox is cheaper and much better.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>alfa114
<Content>good hotel great location we stayed here in october 2007- the hotel is in an ideal location to see Boston. some very good bars and resturants close by. the hotel offers a warm welcome at check in. the rooms were very well set out clean and a resonable size.the staff we found were helpful. we very much enjoyed our 3 night stay. although the parking charges were a little expensive. try the duck tour its good value for money.if we return to Boston which is possible as its a great city to visit we would stay here again  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Hendes1
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the The Lenox for three nights with my husband en route to Vermont. On our arrival we were met at the door and had help with our luggage which there was a lot of as we had cases, skis, ski boots etc. We went to the front desk where check in was quick and painless. Our room was on the 7th floor and was really nice. Fairly spacious but not much view to speak of. Not that that was a problem as we didnt spend that much time in the room. There was a huge tv for my hubby and wireless internet access for me. We ordered room service the first night which arrived quickly and was very hot and tasted great with the price being reasonable too. Although it was freezing cold and snowy we didnt use public transport at all as the hotel was ideally located for walking. There is a nice restaurant in the hotel called Azure which was great and also a cocktail bar which we used although it did get very busy. There is an Irish bar which was also very good. All the staff in the hotel were really polite and friendly. I would certainly go back to The Lenox as it was really good. We had a great stay and cant fault anything  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>shroomaker
<Content>The Lenox made me not Hate Boston Dearest Travelers,Nearly 3 months ago a friend decided we should take a friendly trip up to Boston from New York. Prior to this trip, Boston did not rank high on my list of places to travel and visit. The Lenox and its staff provided a tip top service and Boston experience.In times when those who do travel for business or leisure we decide by price or status. There is an outstanding brunch. The hotel looks classic and clean.Often hotels that are so into themselves forget to be into the guest. The Lenox never forgot that our group was elite and special. From proper parking accomodations to detailing our room with a fridge, I would recomend this hotel to all who know what the best is.Best regards,Chris  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mgbentour
<Content>Ill be back to the Lenox! Myself and my good lady had the pleasure of spending New Years Eve ( or First Night as the Bostonians call it ) at the wonderfully located Lenox Hotel. The Hotel is located in the slick back bay area of Boston - 2 minutes from Newbury street ( where all the designer shops are ) and a ten minute walk from Boston Common. The splendid service starts at the front door when the helpful and always cheery doormen greet you and direct you to reception. Check in was swift and professional and in literally 7 mins we were comfortably housed in our tenth floor room. Our room was small but we really did leave the booking late and were simply happy that they could accomadate us at all. Saying that the room was great - Very much along the lines of a standard Four Seasons room - it was warm ( essential in Boston during their present winter ), had a well stocked bathroom ( with nice Aveda products ), the bed was very large - all in all it is defintely one of the better rooms I have stayed in. One minor odd issue was that there was a 2 inch gap under the door leading out to the hall - we simply put a bed throw at the foot of the door and this sorted the problem. I suppose its just an odd querk in such an old building. BTW - the building itself is very old but the hotel marrys this with some clever modern and cool additions ( lovely cozy cocktail bar and seperate restaurant for example ). We had breakfast in the Azure restaurant on new years days and again recieved first class and warm service. Nothing was a problem. The waiters seemed to be young but were not lacking in all the skills to make the client feel welcome. For the record - I had the continental breakfast - priced at $13 - I had lots to eat and it was all very fresh and filling. But if the weather allowed I would venture out for breakfast to the many diners/ restaurants within short walking distance. 15 mins walk away is the paramount cafe in Beacon Hill. The best blueberry pancakes I have ever had!I would recommend this Hotel to anyone looking for comfort ( and in fairness luxury ) at quite reasonable rates. Our rate of $225 for new years eve was more than acceptable to me.As the governator says ill be back!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>bcollin76
<Content>Exceptional Place to Stay in Boston       Room  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SRBAEZ
<Content>Best hotel in Boston I've benn there 35 times at least..... I am a frequent guest of Lenox since 1999 besides I live in Brasil I go to Boston at least twice a year , I have been in other hotel , like Rittz Carlton and many more.......no comparsions LENOX IS THE BEST BET, always try to do you reservation in the hotels web site , lowest price guarantee, walking distance to every key destination in Boston , with an exelent breakfast and two very good restaurants , lenox is really outstanding , very nice and helpfull staff , vicent to help you with your luggage a very nice brasilian guy, jules that use to be at front desk and now runs teh housekeeping and thrisa at the front desk  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>w_barb
<Content>Loved every minute of our stay Stayed at The Lenox for 3 nights between Christmas and New Year. When we arrived we were told that the room booked for us was unavailble and that we were being upgraded. We were given a corner room on the 11th floor. It was very large and decorated beautifully throughout. The views from the room were good. The bed extremely large and comfortable. We ordered breakfast on the first morning and could find nothing to complain about, the food was plentiful and delicious. Every evening our bed was turned down, the light and radio left on to welcome us back to the room and a bar of Lindt chocolate left on the pillow, it is little touches like this that make the place extra special. Every member of staff that we spoke to was polite and extremely helpful. The business centre is free of charge (unusual these days). In all we could find nothing to complain about during our stay and would recommend this hotel to everyone. It is centrally located and we found it very easy to get around from here.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>LittlePumpkin
<Content>Lenox Hotel - Almost Faultless! Stayed at the Lenox for 5 nights in December. Had a beautifully appointed room on the 9th floor with wonderful views over the city. Had to be one of the largest hotel bedrooms I have ever stayed in. Aveda toiletries in the bathroom were great - in fact the housekeeper had forgotten to leave shower-gel one of the days and I left her a little note the following morning. She left additional supplies each day thereafter which was very thoughtful. The bed (and more especially the pillows) were soooo comfy and it was great to snuggle down and look at the snow falling outside!Everything was spotless and clean. The concierge, reception and portering staff - not to mention the waiting staff at breakfast were all very friendly, courteous and helpful.We didn't try out the fitness room (we were on holidays after all...!). However we did use the business centre to check emails etc during the course of our stay. The City Bar is a great place to wind-down after a hectic day and seemed to attract a hip happening local crowd - which added to the ambience. I loved it (and especially the cocktail menu..!). We had lunch in Solas, the Irish bar twice during our stay - which was great. The only fault I would have is the lack of tea/coffee making facilities in the room. I find it hard to adjust initially when I go to the States and have an irratic sleep pattern. I certainly would have welcomed the option of making a coffee at 3.30am some of the nights. Saying that, it would not deter me from staying at the Lenox again and am already looking forward to my next trip! For first-timers to Boston, the Lenox is in a great location in the city and you would be hard pressed to find a better gem than this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>happytraveler419
<Content>1st Class Service at the Lenox I stayed at the Lenox on November 23, 2007 in preparation for a friend's wedding that was held there. Our suite was on the top floor, corner room, with a fantastic view of Boston and a working fire place. Mirrored french doors divided the sleeping area and living area. The living area had a small couch, chairs, and a large dining table with about 6 chairs. This was a fantastic and beautiful room for the bride to get ready in. The service of every associate was impeccable. I was able to get into the room before the bride arrived. All bags were brought up in a timely fashion. We were brought extra shower caps and towels, hot water for tea, etc. After requesting these items the front desk called up to ensure their delivery. After all the girls were ready, the room was cleaned and flipped for the honeymoon suite. They did a beautiful job with rose petals, etc.I LOVED my stay at the Lenox and look forward to coming back.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BigMac58
<Content>Great hotel - nicelt individual We stayed here in early October for four nights and as we were celebrating a wedding anniversary we were upgraded, which was a nice touch. Like a number of other reviewers we too had a corner room which was very spacious, clean and with new water bottles provided every day and a turn down service at night. Street noise was noticeable one night until about midnight but otherwise not a problem - and worth putting up with, considering the great location. Overall we enjoyed our stay and loved Boston - if we go back we shall without doubt stay at the Lenox again because while chains like Sofitel and Westin can provide great hotels (and often do - in New York especially!) the Lenox benefits from feeling like a family owned hotel. The only flaw is that there are not room safes which means having to use a security box at reception and I personally prefer not to show the world how much cash I may have at any one time.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Mike13England
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed 2nd December for 3 nights.Our two queen bedded rooms were spacious. We were on the 4th floor with a good view of the city.The staff were friendly and the rooms were very clean.Hotel is well located for shopping and sightseeing who could ask for more?  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>nic1047
<Content>Charming, immaculate and perfectly located. Stayed here on various occasion 6-7 years ago and I have to say the Hotel had not lost its genuine old world charm during this stay. Immaculate throughout from the small lobby, to the upmarket City bar and the ever so smart tall ceilined but expensive Azure restaurant where on this visit was a dissappointment which must have shown on my face as the appetizer was removed from the bill without me saying a word so maybe this was a one off. My corner room complete with fireplace was as always quite luxurious and spacious, generously furnished including sofa, upmarket radio with ipod connection, magnificent curtains. Other nice touches are free internet connection, extensive choice of TV channels, free daily water ration and high quality bathroom toiletries. The dim night light in the bathroom is something that others should adopt. No minibar which is fine by me, no coffee maker but the best Starbucks in town is literally across the road. Corner rooms all seem to be larger than non corners but not to worry as the hotel is E shaped. The hotel is also home to the pleasant small and lively Irish bar Solas. Great location just a 2 minute walk from Copley Square green line subway station, Newbury Street and dozens of restaurants. Car parking available next door in the underground Prudential complex although most folk seem to use the hotel valet service. Taxi to Logan is about $30-35 and 15-25 mins, subway is $2 and about 45 mins via green and blue lines. Downside is some of the rooms can suffer street noise and the daily emptying of the bins. Just squeezed a 5* rating. Shame no loyalty points.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Bleachyspice
<Content>The Lenox is wonderful! The first part of our American visit in November 07 was a return trip to our beloved Boston.We decided to stay in a different location and opted for The Lenox which is stiuated on Boylston Street.We chose a cracker!The room was beautifully furnished, although not extremely spacious, it was clean and comfortable.The rest of the hotel was decorated to an extremely high standard and the staff were very friendly and helpful.There was free wi-fi through-out the hotel and they had a business centre which was also free. This was an amazing service for a 4 star hotel to provide.The Lenox apparently had a full re-furbishment a few years ago and it does not disappoint.We would definately stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>leftwing
<Content>We felt regal The Lenox is a fabulous small and cozy hotel. My teenage son and I stayed there a few weeks ago and had a wonderful night. The room was huge and had a fireplace. Our beds were comfortable and the bathroom was very spacious. We felt regal!The exercise room was nice, too.We had trouble with the lock on the door when we first arrived. Someone came up to let us in and it wasn't a problem afterwards.If you're coming to Boston, want to stay in a great location and be treated well, then the Lenox is for you.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Flamingo78
<Content>Top notch service at an exquisite hotel! We stayed at the Lenox for a long weekend, celebrating our anniversary in July. Every detail was incredible, and the service was outstanding. I have experienced many exquisite hotels in my travels, but the Lenox went above and beyond in delivering care and attention to detail in every aspect of our stay, making it a delightful and memorable trip. The rooms were beautiful, with a fantastic amenity and thoughtful touches (loved the cookies and turndown service!). We dines at Azure for breakfast and dinner, and had cocktails at City Bar and the food was delicious and the service exceeded our expectations. We will definitely be staying at the Lenox every time we visit Boston! Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PGLRhodeIsland
<Content>fantastic service I enjoyed the beautiful room and restaurants in this historic hotel. The hotel staff made the experience even better with their friendly and helpful service. I will make sure I stay at the Lenox Hotel again the next time I visit Boston.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stephfab
<Content>Staying at the Lenox Hotel was such a treat! BEAUTIFUL  Staying @ the Lenox Hotel in Boston was such a treat! We were greeted by quick/efficient valets  concierge. The property and decor is gorgeous, like a super-charged Providence Biltmore. Upon entering our rooms there was a gift basket with all sorts of mouth-watering delights and a hand written note welcoming us. Our room was spacious, extremely well-maintained and cozy. I highly recommend the Lenox Hotel in Boston as an alternative to the regular/normal hotels you can get anywhere in the US. This is truly an exclusive Boston experience!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bkyroz
<Content>Clean, classy, lovely, and friendly! I spent the weekend at the Lenox back in April, and returned again recently for cocktails at City Bar. It is such a charming, historic hotel, and the recent renovations to the Lobby look AMAZING! So classy and clean, and the staff is very friendly and accomodating! My room was clean, spatious, and inviting, and the service was top notch..and GREEN- which I totally appreciate.One day the weather was terrible, so we stayed in the hotel the entire day- and didn't get stir-crazy! Between the good TV channel options, the great room service menu, the City Bar (amazing bourbon, BTW!) and Azure downstairs, we had a blast! Overall, the Lenox was a great place to call home during my weekend in Boston- plus, it's in the middle of everything, so I was a short walk to shopping, theatre, great restaurants, and the T!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RhodeIslander93
<Content>Would highly recommend the Lenox! Everything about my overnight stay at the Lenox was fabulous! The hotel is in a perfect location - close to amazing restaurants, shopping and entertainment. The staff was friendly, efficient and helpful and the rooms were beautiful - spacious and classy with all the comforts one could need. I would definitely stay there again and would highly recommend the Lenox to anyone looking for a great time in Boston.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carolyn76
<Content>Wonderful lovely Lenox We came to the Lenox in Boston to celebrate my husband's 50th birthday and go see Bruce Springsteen at the Garden. I wasn't sure where to stay, the choices were overwhelming. It was my first trip to Boston and I wanted the perfect location.I chose the Lenox by the rave reviews on this site. And it exceeded expectations. The old fashioned but updated hotel was exactly what we hoped for. We upgraded to room 900 which included a wood burning fireplace. Ask for bellman Jimmy Fisher. He's a sweet fellow who's been here for over 60 years and has stories about previous occupants from the glamorous eras goneby. He had our fire ready for us upon our return from a show at the Roxy. The concierge team of, Karolyn and Cindy directed us to the best Italian restaurants in the North End. We loved Terramia and sister, Antico Forno, wood burning pizza, wine, open faced raviolo, more wine. Awesome.The bed was comfortable, pillows fluffy and cozy. Our room overlooked the Boston Marathon finish line. We ate breakfast at the Azure, the hotel restaurant and the malt waffles melt in your mouth. Delicious!We did the Duck tour, sounds corny but Captain Amnesia gave us a fun overview of the Historical highlights along with lots of personality and inside peeks into stuff we'd never get from guidebooks.Bruce rocked the Garden, played a mix of his old and new magic and again, we were surrounded by friendly, interesting Bostonians.Great service, clean, cozy rooms and great customer service.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ManchesterRobert
<Content>Homely and Friendly - the Lenox The Lenox is a lovely clean, homely and friendly hotel. Staff are great and make you feel really welcome, and almost part of the family. Compare this to the clean and clinical almost processed feeling that you get with lots of other hotels.We upgraded our room to a corner suite looking up Boylston Street towards Trinity Church. Looking out over Boylston Street from one window, and over Exeter Street from the other. This room was fantastic. Upon return approx 10 days later (and the end of our US tour), we stayed again at the Lenox. They had automatically upgraded our room free of charge to a room adjacent a corner suite room. This room was lovely again. The Irish bar is great and the food really good value. Try the Clam Chowder! The restaurant in the hotel is really good. You must try the steak and eggs for breakfast.We will be staying at the Lenox again on our next Boston trip.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Jackrus
<Content>Great Hotel - Great Location Spent 4 nights at this very good hotel - it was centrally located for anywhere in Boston. The room was clean on arrival and kept spotless throughout our stay. We found nothing to criticise about this hotel - free use of the internet was also a plus. Breakfast at the hotel was excellent value but didn't eat there of an evening. Staff were very helpful and I am sure nothing would to too much trouble for them. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>WalkinMan
<Content>I felt like I was VIP! My stay at the Lenox was nothing short of wonderful. The staff was very accomodating and my room was spacious and comfortable.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rosinafrat
<Content>A wonderful hotel, employees, food and location! I loved everything about my stay. The personnel at the front desk were very helpful and extremely polite. We were always greeted with a warm smile and cheeful comment by all employees. We ate at Azure and it was wonderful as well.The location of the hotel is perfect for many things, but especially convenient for shopping. I especially enjoyed that there was mall and boutique shopping within a few blocks of the hotel. The rooms were tastefully decorated and the beds were very comfortable. The little extras such as the robes and chocolates were a welcomed surprise to my stay. I would (and will) stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Smeats
<Content>Comfortable and clean first class hotel Comfortable and clean hotel located centrally for shops and restaurants. Close to Copley Square and Newbury Street which provided lots of cafe restaurant options for breakfasts and evening meals. 5 minutes walk to nearest T on green line.Hotel had nice decor and nice atmosphere. Comfortable rooms with comfortable beds and Aveda toiletries. Only complaint would be the bathroom quite small and from the room we stayed in we could hear the lift mechanism.Taxi from airport to hotel approx $35.I did not eat in the hotel itself as there were many options within walking distance.We would have had wonderful stay in this hotel had it not been for slightly surly service. We found that a mistake had been made with our bill and we had been charged for an item we had not used. This was resolved but only after significant pursuasion and raised voices. We also put some laundry in and asked a couple of times for this to be collected from the room. We were told to leave this outside the room for collection. The items were not returned and the security surveillance did not help indicate who collected the items. The hotel resolved this satisfactorily by compensating us for the items.Overall good stay and would more than likely use this hotel again for any future stays in Boston.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>koi7
<Content>Boston  Stopped at the Lennox Hotel in Back Bay, Boston September 2007. This is a wonderful small but very friendly hotel with first class facilities. The city is a must for both young and old as there are all types of attractions in Boston and the surrounding areas.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wilderspin
<Content>wonderful stay at the Lenox Having looked at various reviews we picked the Lenox for our 5 night stay - and weren't disappointed.We had two rooms - one for me and my 12 year old daughter and the other for my Mum and a family friend. The aim was to shop, eat, shop and shop some more and we certainly did.The Lenox was in the perfect location for us as it was easy to get around most of the local shopping areas, and if we did want a taxi there were always plenty outside Lord  Taylor next door to the hotel.One room (504)was really spacious, a view across to the huge Boston Library, two double beds, plenty of storage, a sofa and room to walk around despite all the shopping bags! Our room (523) was a huge corner room with the same contents, plus even more space, a (non functioning but ) beautiful fire place and 2 large windows on two sides.The beds were comfy, the robes provided were great - as was the wonderful aveda bathroom stuff. My daughter was treated like a princess throughout our stay, which certainly made her feel very grown up.Before arriving I'd asked for help (via e-mail) to book a surprise on arrival and Keith was brilliant. We walked out of arrivals to find someone waiting with a sign saying my daughter's name. We followed and headed off, to our waiting stretch limo!I'd also asked if they could help arrange a bear for my daughter to find on arrival, only to be told all their younger guests received one. Sure enough on check in my daughter received the softest, cutest bear - complete with hotel ribbon and welcome card.We ate in the Azure restaurant for breakfast every day and found the food great and the service very good.We wanted to visit the outlets, book a Duck Tour and a car ( no limo but big enough for 4 people and 10 bags!!) to return to the airport and once again the concierege (Cindy this time) were really helpful.During our stay we had a few small problems - one day the telephone packed up and the next the remote to the TV. Both times they fixed them really quickly, and the maintenance guy was really friendly too.My daughter kept all the delicious Lindt chocolates placed on the beds when turned down at night, to bring home for her Dad.Will definately stay there again:-)  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Jules124
<Content>Fabulous Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights abd wish it could have been longer. Room was spacious and had lovely decor. Bathroom well stocked with Aveda products and nice fluffy robes and towels. Each evening bed is turned down and truffles are on your pillow, nice touches. Breakfast in the restaurant is good value and feels like a treat.The hotel also has 2 excellent bars, one being an irish pub with bar meals and a friendly atmosphere. The other a stylish cocktail lounge. The restaurant serves good food too at lunch and dinner. This hotel is luxurious without being snooty, the staff are friendly and helpful. I would return tomorrow.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Aguilas
<Content>The Best in Boston       Lenox Hotel  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mgi120
<Content>Disappointment at the Lenox We stayed at the Lenox recently (September 2007) for a couple of nights, as part of a fly-drive tour arranged through Virgin Holidays in England. We (my wife and myself) were really optomistic about the quality and service of the hotel, but were very disappointed to find that they had allocated us what must have been the smallest room in the hotel (we did later, however, find out that Virgin Holiday's negotiated rates are soooo low that all the hotels seem to reserve the shabbiest rooms for Virgin Holidays' customers!). We made do with the room until, at 5am the following morning (jet-lag), I found the hot water didn't work. The night-duty manager arranged to meet me outside another room for me to take a shower, but was late, so I was hanging around a corridor in a towelling robe for 15 minutes until he showed up.The room was bigger and I had a shower, and was particularly pleased whn he said we could move into it for the rest of our stay. About an hour after we had packed all our kit again, moved and then unpacked it, we got a call from reception advising up that they were working on the room, and we would have to move again! They upgraded us to a junior suite, but didn't seem to sense how much they had messed us around. The staff member they sent up to help us move the bags also made it very clear that he expected a tip despite the hassle(which he didn't get).So, we were very disappointed with the attitude and complete lack of understanding of the hotel management - they very clearly operate a 'class' system based on the amount of money you've got, and didn't really care at all about the poor quality of the first room, us having to wait around to be moved, or the hassle of moving across three rooms in a couple of hours.We would never stay there again, and would strongly advise our fellow travellers against a holiday with Virgin Holidays (for a whole host of reasons, including their evident pricing policy at the expence of their customers' comfort).  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	3	1	-1	

<Author>vatican
<Content>Fabulous Lenox Hotel This hotel is superbly located in the Back Bay area of Boston next to the Prudential shopping centre which has hundreds of shops. It is also next to Beacon street a very rich neighbourhood. It is 2 minutes walk from Copely Square were the Trinity church is and a markets is held there once a week. Also it is next to the public library and I advise that everyone goes in the library for their breakfast, it is the most wonderful setting I have ever been in, its like a roman paradise abd you would never know it exisied from the outside, please go in and have your bagels in the tranquil setting of the fountain and roman pillars on the bisto tables its truly fantastic. Also go up the Skywalk in the Prudential Tower again fabulous and not many people know about it take some ID with you though. We used the Grey Line tours daily to different states, like Maine, New Hampshire and these trips are worth every penny if you do not want to drive, well organised and plenty to see and do. We went to \maine and went in a white horse and cart around the streets that no tour bus could get around what a fabulous tour really recommended. Again the coach will pick you up from you hotel and drop you off so there are no worries!!! Then hop on the tube  T to Harvard University and watch all the students reading in the square, and look around the dorms what a fasinating place have lunch on one of the pavement cafes and listen to the students playing whatever instruments at the time are being played. From the Hotel you can walk a few hundred metrers to Boston Common and the Public Gardens beautiful on a lovely warm wintery day. We walked to downtown along Tremont Street tpicked up the Freedom Trail which is indicated by a red brick line and followed it all the way down to Quincy Market and the harbour side boats. It only takes about twenty minutes and it is a very safe walk. Have your lunch on the cafe at the bayside they give you a bleeper if busy so you can walk around until your table is ready very good food indeed. Quincy Market has all the street entertainers, lots of shops but I bought some gifts from the small carts which I later found half the price in the downtown shops so beware of that. I think the Back Bay area is the best place to stay as you are near the back bay river and you can still walk to the harbour downtown area to take the harbour cruises. You also have the boston common for walks etc. Finally I would like to add I was unsure as to if Boston was a safe city as you hear so many stories, it was absolutely 100% safe infact the safest place in America I was ever in and would definately be returning again for the next fall and i will be staying in the Lenox hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>foxbeliskey
<Content>excellent - can't fault it. Had a great stay at the Lenox after researching on TripAdvisor.All staff welcoming and helpful - rooms spacious (we were offered a small dark room at first, but they changed it without any fuss). Central, perfect location in Back BayOverall would highly recommend it and would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MaturemanL
<Content>save money at the Lenox Hotel in Boston Anyone who has travelled to Boston knows that finding a hotel room is tough.Finding a good hotel room is tougher.And finding a good hotel room at a decent rate is nearly an impossible task!Here's my tip based on recent experience - when u enter Massachusetts stop at the first Cisitors center u find - we entered on the I-90 from NY state - and stopped at Lee Visitors Center.They have friendly personnel there who are glad to help u phone ahead for available accomodations.In addition there are flyers there for great hotels at amazing prices - we tried about 6-8 different hotels but all were fully booked.Finally we tried the Lenox which the visitor center flyer promised for a room rate of $205 +tax per night.When we called the hotel reservations said yes,they did have a room available and quoted us c $410 +tax for a room for three for one night.When I mentioned that I had a flyer with a $205 rate quoted the reservations clerk hesitated,put me on hold for a minute and then came back and agreed to book us a room at that rate provided we gave her a credit card on the spot,reservation was not canceable and we had to show the flyer upon check in.We did all that and we did get a spacious room with 2 double beds at the 100 year old Lenox.Only downside was that they would not let us stay on a second night when we requested.The hotel itself is grand,service is impeccable and location is very god - near the prudential center,newbury street etc.Parking for our rented car was a high $42 per day.But all in all a god experience.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>kejibeard
<Content>Love the Lenox Over the last few years my husband and I have taken about 20 trips to Boston staying at many different hotels. I only wish we had found The Lenox years ago. As other reviewers have said, it is in a great location- close to the T, close to restaurants, close to shopping. For me though it's the rooms that make it my favorite hotel in Boston. I usually have trouble sleeping in hotels. Not at the Lenox. The rooms are quite, the bed is comfortable and the black-out drapes truly keep the room dark. I highly recommend the Lenox.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>busterfreak
<Content>Experience the Judy Garland Suite Arriving in Boston for a quick business meeting, I checked in to the Lenox rather late, after 9 p.m. The staff were mostly older gentlemen that time of night, which was odd... but the person at the front desk was young, pleasant, and accommodating.That time of the evening, they were completely booked. But because I had a reservation, the front desk person proceeded to upgrade my room to what the staff call the Judy Garland Suite. Apparently the Hollywood legend lived there for a month or so at one point in her turbulent life.The room didn't disappoint. Its walls were lined with stately wood, and a small but comfortable living room came attached (couch, ottoman, high-backed chairs, the works). The bathroom was richly appointed as well: large vanity, gold-plated fixtures, big shower. It was a blast from a more fashionable past, and positively oozed with history.The entire building is beautifully restored. My suite was cordoned off (with other suites of higher value, I'm assuming) by a separate set of doors in our own little wing. It only underscored the already palpable sense of VIP privacy and exclusivity.A quick call to the concierge got me an equally quick reservation at a nice restaurant that was open late, just a five-minute walk away.The hotel bar was also recommended for late-night snacking and drinking. I didn't opt to hang out there, although it looked modern and inviting.Overall, a quick, nice stay in the historic heart of Boston that was unique, convenient, and memorable.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>janeb65
<Content>great location This is a great hotel for location. It's centrally located so you can walk in any direction and find something on your list of things to do. The staff was very friendly and helpful and the room was clean with a very comfortable bed. After walking 8 hours, a good bed is even better!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Delius17
<Content>Great place to stay Great place with atmosphere and charm. Friendly staff. Ideally located for all the sights with lots of restaurants nearby. (We love The Cheesecake Factory a step away in the Prudential center!) Would wholeheartedly recommend...  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>yogababe1
<Content>Great place!! My husband and I arrive late at the Lenox Hotel. After checking in with a very polite and friendly staff we went to our room on the 7th floor. It was gorgeous and very large in the colonial style. It had a (non-working) original fire place, love seat, lots and lots of windows and a divine bed. Being runners we were even more pleased to have one set of windows look down on the Boston Marathon finish line on Boylston street.This entire trip was booked on HOTWIRE. We highly recommend the LENOX. Also not that expensive for the great service.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mindintomatter
<Content>Gracious Stay!       Our room with a view.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>yankeebabe1988
<Content>Didn't Rain On My Parade.........       Our lovely bedroom  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EmilyCW
<Content>Disappointing but good location After a lot of research, we were looking forward to staying in this highly rated hotel. It had been reviewed on a Green List for it's eco-friendly practices and we were lucky enough to score a great daily rate online [not on the hotel's own website]. Upon arrival, we were impressed with the grandness of the lobby, photos of celebrities who have stayed at the hotel, and the fabulous location within walking distance to many sites, restaurants and the Galleria Mall; it is also a 10 minute walk from the Metro. Unfortunately, the room was less than expected: the furnishings were old, and the room had a bit of a musty smell. The air conditioner was extremely loud and the week we were there, it was 90F outside, so we had it running most of the time. Due to the air quality inside the room, the loud air conditioners and thin doors, we did not sleep soundly during our 2 night stay. I'd recommend staying here only 1 night to explore the city, or if you have it within your budget to get a suite, I am sure that you wouldn't run into the problems we had. Boston's transit system is reliable and well laid-out so it is not a big deal to find a hotel further from the city.PS: Be prepared to pay $38 per night for parking  
<Date>Aug 8, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eslteach
<Content>Lenox is a charming and comfortable hotel! My husband and I spent 3 nights at the Lenox in Boston in a Queen room with a lovely view. Our son, who lives in NYC, stayed in a standard double room which was also very spacious and had a nice view. Both rooms had a fireplace (which we didn't use of course in July.) The service was great and the location was perfect for us. We enjoyed everything about Boston and the neighboring Cambridge where we visited Harvard. Little Italy is charming and most of the restaurants we tried were great. The rates for the Lenox were very reasonable for the quality of hotel, location, and service. Loved Boston!!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>UKTraveller6
<Content>Shame about the View       Bathroom taken from the doorway  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	2	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>Portastorm
<Content>Wonderful experience We had a wonderful experience at the Lenox Hotel. I can't say enough about how helpful and friendly the hotel staff was to us from the desk folks to the bellhops to the concierge. There was a slight mix-up in our reservations so they put us in a huge corner room that was magnificent! If any of you watch a Disney show called the Suite Life of Zack and Cody, my kids felt like we were staying at the Tipton Hotel!The aging hotel was been re-done admirably and in a classy manner. We ordered room service one night for dessert and the cheesecake and apple cobbler were just great! Also ate breakfast several times at the hotel's Azure Restaurant and, again, a high quality experience.Rooms were kept very clean and twice daily service for our rooms including a turndown at night with luxurious robes on our beds.The location was great, near a T stop, and also near the very cool Newbury Street neighborhood. All in all, our experience was just great and well worth a return.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelLib
<Content>Completely charming Stayed here for a weekend conference several years ago and keep hoping to get back. Wonderful location, charming rooms, and helpful staff made the whole experience something to remember.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>surfnmap
<Content>Elegant and comfortable We stayed in this lovely hotel July 12 - 16. It suited our travel needs more than adequately. The location is super. Surrounded by wonderful restaurants, Grill 23 and Atlantic Fish to mention two. Our room on the 11th floor was a two double beds room. The room was more spacious than most other hotels where we paid a far higher rate. Beds were comfortable. One ding -- no choice of pillows, all very large. Bathroom while not huge was certainly adequate and well planned. Lots of very nice towels and a great shower.The staff was top notch. Check in took minutes. The concierge service was excellent. The City Bar was beautiful and very popular with a nice crowd of people.I highly recommend The Lenox to anyone wanting to be treated like somebody while they are in Boston. We would happily stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ninameyers24
<Content>Grand hotel in the heart of Boston Recently travelled to this wonderful city and stayed at this lovely hotel with my friend in April of this year.We are both very well travelled and have experienced many hotels all over America.We were pleasantly surprised with The Lenox and absolutely loved it!!We were lucky enough to to get upgraded to a corner room which was huge,with 2 double beds and a fireplace,also had a decent sized bathroom.In the bathrooms they supplied Aveda products and on a nightime had a turndown service in the bedroom and placed Lindt chocolates on your pillows(these little touches do make a difference)!The staff were really friendly and very helpful and efficient.The location of this hotel is brilliant and very convenient being just a block from Newberry street where the shops are fabulously chic!!We were very fortunate that when we were there we had fabulous weather which was often in the high 80's so we were able to explore Boston fully and also took day trips upto Salem and Rockport.All in all loved Boston and loved The lenox hotel.Would definately recommend and would definately go back.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GlasgowAlbert
<Content>nice hotel, well located Hotel was very nice. Room was small but very clean. Ideally located for sightseeing. Staff was very helpful and friendly. Would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	5	4	4	

<Author>workandplay8
<Content>Renovate Please! This hotel sorely needs a renovation. French baroque looks neat, but 50 year old surfaces are just decrepit. Could be charming, but really disappointed. Two distinct bed bug bites didn't help. Staff was very friendly. One of two elevators were broken for 2 days, other elevator was very slow and tiny. Room was crampily small. Really don't see the point when better hotels are available.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>M0glie
<Content>OK, not all that We stayed here as the last part of our trip. We started with the Queen Mary 2 (S'ton to New York) and ended with the Lenox, so were looking for something special.As others have stated, The Lenox is looking a bit tired and worn. We had a great view (11th floor) but the room could certainly have done with a refurbishment, as could the 11th floor corridor.The bed was AWFUL, it was so hard, I found it difficult to stay confortable for very long. The bathroom was ok, again a bit old and tired. Worst of all, the noise at night. The people next door to our room, returned from obviously a fun night and crashed around and laughed for at least 30 minutes, this was at 01:00 am! I nearly rang the reception at one point.There is no sound proofing at all and you can hear every conversation in the corridor and every bedroom door being opened and slammed... all in all, rather dissapointing.Boston however was wonderful, clean, interesting and expensive:o)  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WWWBL
<Content>Location isn't everything ... We booked this hotel as we had spotted it during our last visit to Boston in October and the location is excellent - very near the shopping areas and good restaurants. However, it is very overpriced and has the overall impression of being 'a little tired'. There is a new gym which was great and an internet room which was the tiniest room I have ever seen! The Irish bar was very badly designed (believe me, we have seen a lot of bars) and lacked atmostphere and the City Bar was very dark and gloomy. The staff were nice enough but not overly friendly and looked a little jaded, and the breakfast was extremely overpriced. We found a great diner nearby for breakfast the following day. It was called 'The Pour House' - well worth a visit, and half the price. Our room was quite dowdy and had that dusty smell that you often get in some hotel rooms, and the ensuite was far too small. I wouldn't stay there again although the experience wasn't unpleasant.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>2	1	3	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>neeniedawg
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Lenox Stayed at the Lenox with my husband and two young sons. Our stay was fantastic. The Lenox staff were brilliant. Friendly, helpful, very kind to our boys. Very accommodating to children overall. Our room was large with a great view of the Back Bay. Loved amenities like free wireless Internet service after staying at a Marriott where they charged $10 a day. We loved the turn down service at night. We felt like we were treated like special guests. Anything we asked of the staff they provided quickly and with a smile. We would stay here again in a heartbeat. This is a great location in Boston and within walking distance of the Common, Beacon Hill, Newbury Street, and just two T stops from Fenway. Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>glaciertravel
<Content>Lovely hotel Stayed at the Lenox late Novemer 2006. We are a family of 4 and this hotel was really good. The staff is excellent and the rooms very good. Room-service was great. I loved the complementary newspapers in the bag. Only thing I might want to complain about is the breakfast and the restaurant. Neither the interior (somehow cheaper than the rest of the hotel) or the breakfast it self was to our liking.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>vcon2545
<Content>The Lenox continues to excel in competitive Boston I got the chance to spend last weekend at the Lenox in the Back Bay of downtown Boston. While the Lenox certainly doesn't dwell on this fact, the location of this hotel puts you in the heart of Boston. For a city that wasn't built on a grid system as later U.S. cities used, being able to access all of the 'T' subway lines within one to two stops should be taken into consideration. Instead of reiterating all of the information that is printed in every tourist packet in Boston, I would also like to stress that Boston is a walking city and having the Lenox's location is invaluable. Being a professional chef I don't get many days off and I can't stand it when a restaurant or hotel charges too much for the view or location and doesn't deliver with the quality. I don't understand this at all. It is a given that people are going to come for the view, therefore reinvest some of that money into making all aspects of experience memorable. For example, having a great view of the Connecticut River and a flavorless overcooked $25 steak tends to negate the former tranquility of the CT River. The Lenox thankfully, DOES NOT fall into this category I just described. Being a pessimist I was continually won over by the little things, which in my business is what keeps people coming back. From the maid helping me with the door to the 'Navy shoe shine' I received from a very knowledgeable Bell Man. I bought my girlfriend some flowers and had placed them in a champagne bucket next to the desk in the room. When we returned from touring Boston, not only were the flowers kept in the champagne bucket (you could imagine a better use for a silver champagne bucket) but the flowers were placed above the television making them the first thing you see when you walked into the room. It is the little things once again that made the difference for me. Thanks again to all the staff at the Lenox.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelsJ
<Content>Old and Worn I wouldn't recommend this place...the rooms are in dire need of some updating. Pretty depressing and definitely overpriced.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cmtmom
<Content>Loved This Hotel!!!! Arrived at the Lenox and was given a room upgrade. The room was wonderful, the bathroom large, the beds very comfortable.The staff and the front desk were so helpful. The bellman courteous and helpful.I was staying at the Lenox for just one night as my original reservation was for the Eliot, but they had no room that first night. So I stayed at the Lenox and wished I had never left. I checked into the Eliot the next day as I had a reservation there because it is closer to The Boston Conservatory.Next time, I'll stay at the Lenox the entire time.Better deal, bigger room, better staff, great bars.  
<Date>May 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>NYC-Canuck
<Content>10 Star Hotel               More photos  
<Date>Apr 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tanyanne
<Content>A perfect ending to my trip in the US!       My spacious room  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>flight302
<Content>Great Location and pricing! Stayed there for a night, and enjoyed hotel and the location. Walking distance to all the key places to visit in the city and the subway is a block away for the others.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimmyDub
<Content>Good value (last time I stayed) Bostn hotels are implasuably expensive. The Lenox has a certain charm, the rooms are small but nicely done. Really central location. A better bet forthe money that the Marriot or Sheraton. If I go back on business I'll stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>spoiltforchoice
<Content>Not Coming Back to Lenox When I was living in Boston as a college student almost two decades ago, I never really noticed the Lenox at the corner of Boylston and Exeter, even though I lived just 5 minutes away (on foot) from it. It is a rather low key property.During this last trip, after reading a Fodor's review, I decided to stray from the safer choices of Ritz-Carlton and Fourseasons, to try out this low-key, charming, historic property.Indeed, the hotel is architecturally nostalgically charming, but it isn't in tip top physical condition. As a previous reviewer has noted, the hotel is a little faded.What was most unimpressive, however, was the service. Almost all of the hotel's staff seem to hate their jobs; they rarely smiled. While they weren't particularly rude, their service attitude was grouchy at best and weren't particularly helpful when asked for travel advice and/or recommendations. The doormen's daily dose of smart comments were also particularly annoying. On the morning of the second day of our stay, we spilled some moisturizing lotion on the bedcover. We left the soiled part of the bedcover face up on the floor next to the bed. When we returned that evening, we found that the chambermaid hadn't cleaned the lotion off of the bedcover and had simply put the bedcover on the bed face down, with the lotion now soiling the sheets. This was particularly disturbing.Lenox also goes overboard with its environmental activism. It encourages guests, to the point of almost forcing it on them, not to change bath towels or bedsheets daily, in the interest of saving the environment. Bed sheets are changed once in 3 days, but guests are not informed beforehand. I only found out on the last day of my 3-night stay when I found a card hidden in a bedside table drawer telling guests that the Lenox is concerned about the environment and would only change sheets once in 3 days, unless requested otherwise. Guests should be notified of this when they check in, not through a card hidden in a drawer. All this environmental activism seems more like a ploy to reduce operating costs to me. It's a real shame that they have to use the mask of environmental activism to achieve this.One more tip for those who rent/bring cars with them: while car valet at the Lenox is free during the day, the hotel charges $38 for overnight parking. There are several car garages in the vicinity that charges less than half that for overnight parking. Otherwise, if you are an early riser, just park overnight in the streets for FREE. However, travelers should note when street cleaning days are, during which days, parking between 6am and 8am are not allowed. Also, FREE street parking ends daily at 8am Mon-Sat, so you would either have to move your car and valet it for free at the Lenox, or feed the parking meters.My recommendation: stay at some other hotel while in Boston. For a truly charming historic hotel, with great service, if budget is not an issue, try the Ritz-Carlton in Newburry St would be my top choice. Another Boston hotel with great service: Fourseasons Boston. If looking for a hotel in the vicinity of the Lenox, try Marriott or Westin at Copley. For a less expensive alternative in the vicinity, try the Colonnade in Huntington Ave.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	4	5	4	3	1	4	

<Author>Northfields
<Content>A little faded but recommended overall We stayed at The Lenox for 4 nights at the end of October.Hotel accommodation in Boston is relatively scarce and therefore not great value compared to other cities which we would say is the case for The Lenox too.The hotel was clearly very beautiful once, but has been allowed to fade a little as the decor is now dated and a little tired. There are no coffee-making facilities in the room, nor a mini-bar/fridge.Nevertheless, we enjoyed our stay here. The hotel was clean, the room was a good size with two double beds, the bathroom was nice with fresh flowers. The location is fantastic - Back Bay is definitely the place to stay in Boston.Breakfast seemed expensive so we ate out in Boston - which is recommended - plenty of choice at a range of prices.Regarding restaurants/bars in the hotel: we didn't try Azure; City Bar is okay but there are better places in Boston; we ate in Solas (Irish Bar) on our first night as it was convenient after our flight was delayed and we arrived quite late - it was fine and the food was good.We never used the concierge service as we couldn't get to speak to them as others have mentioned below. We found the front desk helpful though - when we arrived we were allocated a room on the 3rd floor, when there was a wedding reception on the 2nd floor. It was extremely noisy but we requested to change and they sent someone up straight away to give us a new room.Overall, a good hotel and we would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>KatL
<Content>Over priced and not very helpful My boyfriend and I stayed at The Lennox for two nights during a trip to Boston and Cape Cod. Our trip started in Washington DC and we had just stayed at the Palomar Hotel (a Kimpton Boutique) and been very spoiled.We checked into the Lennox at $100 per night more than the Palomar and expected old fashioned luxury. Instead, we found a small, pokey room, unfriendly staff and a disappointing stay.There was only enough room at the end of the bed for one of us to walk by, the bed wasn't very comfortable and on a couple of occasions, the desk staff weren't very helpful.They even asked the car hire company to move the car they were delivering to us and we were in the lobby waiting to step outside!At $260 per night I expect a lot more!  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	1	2	3	

<Author>Chevette
<Content>enjoyable stay stayed at the Lenox for 5 nights. The room was lovely with two double beds and plenty of space. Nice touches with fresh flowers in the bathroom, quality toiletries and bath robes. Friendly staff especially Jimmy who at 83 has worked at the Lenox for 50 years. Would have liked tea/coffee facilities in the room however Starbucks across the road. Rooms were quiet and hotel is well placed. I would definately stay here again  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cairney
<Content>Smart Hotel for Buisness We stayed for three days in The Lenox hotel overall, would give this the thumbs up.A few things that were not exactly spot-on were......There was very little room in the bathroom, or on the counter. Nice free toiletries - they think of everything - but took up too much space and were very small bottles. Would it hurt to give guests a reasonable sized shower gel, especially as two people were in the room??The hairdrier had about as much power as a dying duracell, again, would expect better from a quality hotel.We ate in the restaurant Azure once, good food, but the waiter was very brusque, NOT the usual service we received from other restaurants. Try Abe and Louis's across the street, the greeters are a bit dour but fantastic service from the waiters, we had Jimmy, he was the best we encountered in our week in NY and Boston.The concerierge wasn't very helpful to us, and looked like she minded being disturbed. Again, like a previous comment, always had someone with her.The hotel is a very good location for shopping from as it's the street down from the equivalent of 5th Avenue. Lots of tourist info in the room to help out and we liked the ice machine and drinks machines on every alternative floor. Great blackout curtains, good view of the main street (Boylston) but this will be blocked when the 14 storey hotel next door is finished being built. No noise from the site, which was good.Would recommend for Buisness travellers, could probably find somewhere a bit more personable for families or couples if you looked.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Scottish_Tourist_5
<Content>Superb Hotel What can I say? The Lenox is a beautiful hotel in every way. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and elegant. The view out over Boston from our 10th floor room was spectacular. Beds (2 doubles!!) were big and really comfortable, the bathroom was clean and had fresh flowers on our arrival and we had a small sofa which was great to lie on and look at the city after a day of walking!The hotel has 2 bars that offer the chance to relax no matter your mood. City Bar is more cool and chilled out, whereas Solas next door offers a good traditional Irish bar with a great pint of Sam Adams!!The Lenox has a really traditional feel (from the ceiling chandeliers to the cotton bags with your morning newspaper), whilst still being modern (from the data points in the room to the wall mounted TVs in the lobby toilets!!) This hotel manages to make you feel special, and it has a prime location in this wonderful city.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ballgirl
<Content>A home from home. I don't know about anyone else but the one thing i miss most when I go on holiday is my bed! However, this was not the case on visiting the Lenox Hotel as the beds are huge and very comfy. Being from the UK we are not used to such big beds and I can honestly say I slept like a baby!. The rooms are also very spacious, decorated in that lovely old-fashioned charm style and spotlessly clean. The remainder of the hotel is also very nice with extremely friendly staff.The location of the hotel was also great as it was within walking distance of most attractions and if you were too tired to walk then the subway was good and only a short walk from the hotel. If we ever return to Boston I would definately stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>august16
<Content>Not worth your money Considering the amount of money charged per night, my boyfriend and I were very dissapointed with our three night stay at the Lenox in May. Negatives:It seems that all a hotel needs to be rated 4 stars, is some Aveda hair care products. When we arrived, the hotel had overbooked the king sized bed that we reserved and gave us a room with 2 double beds ( We were able to switch to a room with a king bed the second night). The room itself was dark and faded. The mattresses in the first room we stayed in, were horrible and sunk in the middle. Pillows were uncomfortable, unless you like those pillows you buy at the price club that have absolutely no support for your head. Requests for extra pillows to be brought to our room were not met. No one answered the phone at the reception desk 2/3 mornings when we attempted to pick up our car, so we had to go downstairs and wait for our car. There was also no coffe maker in the room. Positives:Location was great. Hotel room was clean. Lobby was nice, Hotel bar was popular. Aveda hair products.All in all not worth the money  
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	5	5	1	1	5	

<Author>MJCB
<Content>Faded elegance in good location We stayed here for one night in May. One pays mainly for its proximity to the most popular tourist area, its reputation and a comfortable bed, which may be enough for some. However, one's expectations are let down by below average service (a missing bedside lamp was promised and not delivered), dated room decor and below average bathroom. The hotel breakfast was good, but quite expensive. The hotel has paid valet parking. If we should return to Boston, we would probably try another hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Choice Was there for a conference and stayed 6 days. Staff was lovely and very friendly. Knew all the great dining spots in the North End. HIGHLY recommend Mike's Pastry - get the chocolate filled cannolis. Visit the original Pizzie Regina's in the North End as well - particularly on a Red Socks game night. Too fun! Lenox sits next to French chocolaterie and Lord  Taylor. Great little Whole Foods type market in the neighborhood as well. Wasn't able to get a corner room but the front desk manager offered a wonderful room on the 11th floor with a fabulous view (finish line for the marathon was just below). Room was large with 2 double beds. Burned out light over the vaniety was fixed almost immediately upon request. Concierge kept up with the Spurs game for us! Was always greeted when I entered the lobby and asked if I needed assistance. Kate was wonderful and was lucky enough to catch her on last day at the hotel. Too bad for the Lenox to loose her! Even the house keeping attendants and room service staff greeted us in the hallways and wished us a nice day.Easy access to ATMs, the metro, and cabs - though the cab drivers were rude if you weren't spending $10 a fare with them. They hate driving you to the convention center. Didn't eat at the hotel restaurants or visit the bar - though Lenox is apparently THE PLACE to go for prom night dance. If you are into charm, location, and feeling like you aren't just another conventioneer, then the Lenox is your perfect escape in Boston.  
<Date>May 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Johnny_Bea
<Content>A real find in Boston I stayed at the Lenox when my conference hotel was full and I needed a place close by. If you ask me, it was the best bit of luck I've had in a while.Like you'll read in other reviews, the lobby is a step back in time to when city hotels were something to behold. I found the staff to be both pleasant and efficient, and quite willing to help out whenever it was necessary.My room was pretty spacious for an old, downtown hotel: The bathroom had been updated recently, and although it didn't work (probably a good thing), the fireplace in the center made for a pretty swanky hotel experience.If you're a sucker for quality skin and bath products, you're going to love what the Lenox has to offer. The Aveda shampoo, lotion, conditioner, etc., got taken away from me as soon as I got back home and although my wife smelled great for weeks, I didn't get a chance to use them myself.I know a couple of the reviews spoke critically of the Irish bar and restaurant in the hotel but I wouldn't take them too seriously. Indeed, the other restaurant (Azure) is head and shoulders above Solas (the Irish pub), and in a town like Boston, there's a million more authentic Irish bars. However, I had a very respectable hanger steak and Guinness at 11 at night when my flight was delayed and I found the atmosphere warm and filled with locals. I think I was the only person from the hotel there!Upon checking out, I picked up a business card at the front desk. On the back was written, The Lenox Hotel. My address in Boston with a line to fill in your name. I picked up a handful of cards and plan on making this a reality from now on.Highly recommended.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>donethat
<Content>good experience The Lenox is a real charmer, if you snag one of the higher floor corner rooms that are very large sized and nicely restored. Ours had an ornamental (non-working) fireplace, chandelier, and terrific views onto Boylston St. below. Bedding was good and the room and bathroom were spotless. Service was pleasant and efficient, with the exception of a very late night room service meal we ordered that arrived cold and short one entree, which took another half hour to be delivered. The Lenox has a fabulous location at Exeter and Boylston Sts., the Public Library and T (subway station)in the immediate next block, and all the shopping galleria next door at the Pru Center. Numerous excellent restaurants and bars, including Legal Seafood in the Pru Center, are all within walking distance on Boylston St. or another block down on Newbury St.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Repeat customers at the Lenox When my sweetie and I need a little romantic recharge, the Lenox is our favorite spot. Amazing views, fluffy pillows, perfect mattresses and a super friendly staff from the Bellman to the General Manager melt any of the world's stresses away. We would be hard pressed to stay anywhere else in Boston. It's a close walk to multiple major public transportation routes and/or the best walking neighborhoods of the city. Fine shopping, restaurants and culture are a stone's throw from the front door. The building with all its colorful charm and architectural detail lets me feel like I'm stepping back in time. It's just beautiful. We've stayed many times in the past and will continue to do so.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Lenox-The Best My wife and I had stayed at the Lenox Hotel many years ago (26)and decided to stay there again recently to see if it was as nice as we remembered.It certainly is! This is a beautifully maintained hotel in a great location. It is within a few steps of the famous T subway system and really is within walking distance to almost all of the wonderful sights of Boston including Fenway Park, Newbury Street and the Boston Common. Our room actually had a working fireplace. What a treat especially with a light snow falling on a January night.If you are looking for a lovely hotel with a great location at a reasonalble price you must try the Lenox.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Lenox My husband and I stayed here for a long weekend. Fabulous hotel, great service, and loved the little Irish Pub on the ground floor. Clean, distunguished, large rooms...get one with a fireplace, it is worth it!!!  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>orangepeel75
<Content>Excellent hotel in prime Back Bay position Stayed here for 4 nights at end Nov/early Dec 05 and absolutley loved the Lenox. In excellent position 2 mins walk to Prudential Centre shopping centre and Newbury Street (posh shops) 1 block away. Plus the public common and gardens are just 10 mins walk. Boston is fabulous to walk around as so compact and very safe. Our room was excellent, overlooking the Boston library, bathrooms are small but no smaller than most London hotels and we found the bathrobes were a nice touch. We were very imressed with hotel and staff were pleasant and polite. There are loads of shops, bars and resturants which were all reasonable. Back Bay is a relaxed part of Boston and well recommended to British visitors if you dont want the rush of NYC. Well recommended is the old town trolley tour which shows all the sites, we would have liked to have down the duck tour but it finished the day we arrived. Flights with Virgin were fabulous and hotel is only a 20 min ride from airport. Well recommended. Thanks Lenox.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>joolsWestMidlands
<Content>Great first time visit to Boston Great hotel, very good location, lovely room, room service was excellent. The Solas Irish Pub attached to the hotel is friendly and the food is good - Samual Adams Winter beer highly recommended!Staff are helpful and friendly.Would recommend this hotel 100%  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Joolssiam
<Content>Not Impressed We paid a little more to stay in a better hotel and pamper ourselves for 4 nights.The lobby is impressive and initial service was friendly. However, when I got into the room, it was clear it was a smoking room and, to a non-smoker, was pretty unpleasant. I phoned down to advise of the mistake, only to be told there were no more rooms and they would move us the next day - no apology. I asked them to bring up some air freshener as the room stank - response was you could open a windowThat room, and the room we got moved to, still without any apology, had a strange layout - the door to the bathroom was right opposite the bed, meaning you couldn't fail to wake up your partner when trying to put on the bathroom light, as the switch was outside the room. there was supposed to be some sort of night light, but it didn't work in either room. The rest of the room was quite ordinary and unimpressive - not what I expected of such a hotel.The place felt faceless, soulless and miserable. One bar was so up-market, it felt freaky, the other was a plastic Irish bar with the character of a paper bag. The restaurant did a decent, but incredibly over-priced breakfast.After checking in, nobody seemed genuinely friendly or helpful. The whole experience left a sour taste in the mouth - felt like a waste of money and we'd have been better off for friendliness and value in a smaller three star hotel  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Beautiful, quiet hotel in a great location My husband and I stayed in The Lenox from 14th-17th November 2005 and had a wonderful, relaxing time. We upgraded to a corner suite, at an extra cost of 拢30 a night (bargain!) and couldn't have been more pleased.I have never stayed in such a beautifully appointed, comfortable, quiet room. It felt as though we were the only people staying in the hotel it was so quiet!We ate breakfast in The Azure restaurant every morning which was delicious and really set us up for the day. The waiting staff were friendly and courteous. The one waiter even remembered that we drank tea, not coffee, on our second morning there!The location of the hotel is excellent, within easy walking distance of most things, including the Boston Common, and the T stop was just up the street.We found out that we are expecting our first baby shortly before leaving on this trip, so this was something of a celebratory trip for us, and I can honestly say that it could not have been better.All in all, an excellent stay was had in this hotel and we will definitely return again in the future.Highly recommended!  
<Date>Nov 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>canuckpump
<Content>Great, if you get a deal on a suite. First time in years I have stayed at the Lenox.It is beautiful and in a great location. Staff could have been friendlier, especially the older gal at the little info. desk, could not get a smile out of her no matter how I tried.Room was lovely, wallpaper in bath peeled a little but no biggie. Make sure you ask for a suite when you book, a corner room if possible. The junior suites are tiny and you will not be happy as other people have stated.Overall a pleasant stay in a grand hotel but I would never pay the rack rate.T stop, coffee, drugstore and groceries 5 minutes away.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>grizzly25
<Content>Silver wedding trip Changed the original booking from the Copley Square to the Lenox and can say with hand on heart we made the right choice. The staff were excellent, the room (a corner room) was first class and our stay at the Lenox rounded off what was a memorable first trip to America.We will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Hotel Stayed in the Lenox for 4 nights 23rd-26th October. The Hotel is clean and well maintained, if a little dated in decor.Reception staff are helpfull, and we had no trouble checking in or out. Good, concierge desk where trips and tickets can be booked.Did not use the Hotel restaurants, but the food in the attached Irish bar is tasty and reasonably proced. The Guiness is cold and bitter - just the way it should be.The Lenox is in easy walking distance from the main tourist areas of Boston(15-20mins). The 'T' stop is 2 mins down the road.I would recommend this Hotel with one reservation:-Check the room when you book - they vary in size.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jafb
<Content>Better to avoid Its convenient location in Back Bay doesn't make up for TIRED FURNITURE and SERVICE PROBLEMS. Lobby is chaos, desk people overwhelmed during my 4 night stay. Jr. suite was missing furniture[ which was brought to us]. No turn-down service except by request, then did not happen. Desk promises to get us newspaper, did not happen. No bellman for luggage.They ran out of access cards to use computer. Gym stiflingly hot. With so many other fine hotels in area, I cannot recommend this one.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>silvergirlracer
<Content>Nice and Comfortable       Lenox Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 15, 2005
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just ok My husband and I just returned from a 3 night stay at the lenox in boston for our 6th wedding anniversary. Although not a terrible stay, i have had better. The room was the smallest i have ever stayed in. Only room for one person standing in the bathroom. No counter space at all. The hotel is very old and smelled a little. All of this was fine however. We came to see the city, not stay in the room. Very close to the T and Newbury street which is actually why we chose this hotel. My biggest complaint came on the last day. My husband had a beautiful bouquet of pink roses delivered to our room on the day of our arrival. When we left of course I wanted to take them with me since I had only enjoyed them for 3 days. The hotel was very unhelpful with providing a box for me to transport them home in. They said that if we wanted a box we shouldn't have had them delivered in a vase. So my husband and i walked down the street ourselves to Winston Flowers Florist and they helped us to package them so i could take them home. I was not impressed with the level of service at this hotel. Judging from previous reviews it seems to be hit or miss. Unfortunately this past weekend was a miss. I expect much more from a 4 star hotel. Next time we will stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2005
<Rating>3	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>SupplyTeacher
<Content>Wonderful My husband and I stayed at the Lenox for 5 nights and we had a superb time there. Our room was spacious and beautifully decorated, the furniture was in keeping with the style of room and I almost wished it was cold so that we could have a fire in the fireplace!Breakfast each day was excellent, I almost became addicted to their 'Crab cakes Benedict', I wish I could get their blend of coffee, it was lovely (I have just started drinking my coffee without milk, for diet reasons and the coffee was so smooth and delicious). The service in the restaurant was always very efficient.The front desk were helpful at all times, especially when a security lock jammed on my suitcase. Within 5 minutes the problem was solved! The Concierge was very helpful, booking trips, restaurants and giving advise. Whilst there we also met Jimmy an WW2 Veteren originally from Australia who still workd in the Lenox for a couple of days a week! He was a real character and we really enjoyed talking to him. Well done 'the Lenox' for employing him, he made our stay there even more interesting.The hotel is very convenient for transport links. We bought a 3 day pass for the T and made had a great time travelling around the city.We loved the Duck tour (quack quack) our narrator who was dressed as a pirate made a fun experience even more enjoyable.The walking tour of the Freedom trail was very informative and our guide was charming.Boston is a beautiful city, we will stay at the Lenox again if we return there. We are recommending it to all our friends!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Curious experience at Lenox Stayed for 2 nights in Superior Double room t $269 per night plus tax nd $36 per day for parking. Room was tiny, no minibar, no coffemaker. Instead they want you to order in-room brekfast, which we did once - $50 for 2 people for bacon and eggs. One small window was facing service roof with a wire cage over a ballroom dome. Room above us had a leaking window air-conditioner that poured water into our window. Hotel supposedly won all kinds of eco awards for water conservation, etc. But shower in our tiny bath was as close to a fire hose as you can get - enough water coming out for 4 showers. They ask you to re-use your towels, or put the ones you want replaced on the bathroom floor. We left one on the floor - it actually never got replaced. Very curious experience, will never stay there again. Furniture and curtains were nice, but then the only blanket option was a down comforter in July!?  
<Date>Aug 5, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Lenox My husband and I stayed at the Lenox from July1-5, to see Boston, but mostly to be there for the 4th of July fireworks. The Lenox's staff is very friendly (Kate) and very helpful - they even provided us with a blanket for the July 4th festivities on the Esplanade. Our room had a great view of the skyline of Boston and Cambridge, and was taken care of promptly when we left every morning. The location of the Lenox can't be beat - one block from the T station, one block from Newbury, and within walking distance to the Boston Garden and Common. Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! My wife and I stopped in Boston for one night on the way to a week's vacation in Maine. We stayed at the Lenox on a Friday night and could not have been more pleased. The staff was very helpful. The accomodations were great and the location was the best. Great proximity to the T, to Fenway, and to all of the shops and restaurants on Newbury. This was our first time to Boston. Boston is a great city and the Lenox is a great place to stay to experience it. We will definitely be back to Boston, and will definitely stay at the Lenox.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Pooh1
<Content>After 3 stays I feel compelled to write a review. This is my third time to stay at the Lenox and every visit has been wonderful. My first visit was August 2002 for one night. I returned Oct 2003 for one week. This visit was for one week over July 4th, 2005. After three visits I felt compelled to write a review. Before I wrote this, I read some of the previous ones. They are all true. If you are looking for a modern hotel skip this one. This is an old hotel that is very charming with tons of character. The lobby is gorgeous and each of the rooms I stayed in were very nice. The location is perfect, one block from the T stop and close to the best shopping. The bathrooms are small and the rooms vary in size. The beds are comfortable and the rooms are very clean. The hotel is environmently friendly. Each of the rooms had at least one large window with a nice view. The corner rooms have windows on two sides and a beautiful fireplace. The windows open so you can hear the sounds of the city if you want. The staff is always helpful and kind. There are no mini bars in the rooms but each floor has a coke machine and cans are $1(what a bargain.) I would recommend the duck tours and the Boston walking tours. This hotel sets the mood for a wonderful historical vacation.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Good hotel We stayed at the Lenox for a week and found it very comfortable.The room we were initially shown was a little small for us, so we paid to upgrade to a corner room which was much nicer. The decor is pleasant, but slightly dated compared to some contemporary hotels. I think the owners are probably aware of this as the City Bar and Azure Restaurant are very well designed and chic. Solas Irish Bar was good for a quick beer and sandwich and good value. We found the staff to be professional and friendly and all in all I would recommend the Lenox. Finally I would advise any British people to go to Boston, rather than New York for shopping. It has nearly all the same shops, but eating out and clothes seem to be much cheaper and the city is on a much more human scale  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>drumillar
<Content>Perfect end to our Honeymoon Although a short stay, 2 nights 01st 02nd April, with the first night we actually didn't arrive from Hawaii till 0700 in the morning. Staff were very helpful and were also very apologetic as a promised upgrade to a Junior Suite was unavailable as they were all taken. We got a complimentry breakfast sent to our room which was a nice gesture.Room was large and spacious with a gorgeous bed which we crashed out on till just after midday. Bathroom was average size with some lovely bath products.The hotel is ideally suited for walking around town and the we spent around 5hrs walking down to the Charles river and along its banks back through Boston Common and down to the hotel. Lovely.We loved the decor of the hotel and tried out the Solas, (irish bar), bar for a meal and a drink in the evening. Food was great and reasonably priced and we made some great friends while holding the bar up till 0200 when it closed. It was busy but never to the crushing stage.Overall great hotel and location.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Needs Renovation The Lenox has a great location, but my room was very old and had a musty, moldy smell. The carpeting and the furniture was very old and dingy. If they renovate the hotel, it would be a great place to stay. The staff is very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Needabreak2006
<Content>Worth a Visit I had read the reviews about this hotel and was a bit unsure after I had booked it. The room was lovely - very spacious and clean. It had been refurbished to a good standard. The hotel food was outstanding, though a little pricey. The position was excellent and very easy to get a taxi as the rank was just on the main street. Superb position for shopping on Newbury St and walking to the Common and surrounding areas. We would definitely go there again. It was made more magical due to the recent snowfall and we had glorious sunshine and crisp weather which complimented this perfectly! The bar in the hotel is one of the places to be on a Saturday evening - queues to get in! There are plenty of super people in Boston and we made some good friends. The hotel was very helpful when we asked about the trolley tours (recommend them!) and we bought our tickets at the hotel. This was our second trip to Boston and we managed to explore it some more. Take a trip up the Prudential tower in the day and at night - the ticket is valid all day and evening! Stunning views.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful for a wedding weekend We had about 10 rooms the weekend of Jan 15th - ranging from a standard room ($179) to a 2-room suite on the top floor ($450). We did get special rates because of the number of rooms that were involved. Everything was perfect - despite the fact that the hotel was fully booked because of a conference. The rooms were charming, well- maintained. The staff was wonderful - polite and accomodating at every turn. The location was very convenient for people out to see Boston for the first time. We did have a problem with guest gift bags being delivered on check-in. If anyone else tries this I would suggest that the name and check-in date be placed on each individual bag. Someone (I'm sure very nice people, but not our guests) got an unexpected treat.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mystng
<Content>Great Bar, Great Location that's where it ends Was terribly disappointed with the room set up. Imagine traveling for business and there is no desk in your room. Also, the internet hookup required me to go to reception and request a special piece of equipment which I would be charged for ($150) should I not personally return it.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>joxxxxx
<Content>Location couldn't be bettered, room was a disappointment Have to agree with recent posters on the plus side the Lenox is in a fantastic location, on the downside I think the standard of the rooms varies greatly.We arrived for a twelve night stay (with Virgin Holidays) in October. The first room we were given was on the third floor and was tiny, in addition there was a huge concrete (?air vent) directly outside the window blocking any view/light. We went straight back down to reception and asked to be moved to another room as we felt that room was unacceptable, especially for a long stay. The hotel was full and so we had to wait until the next day to be moved. The room we were moved to was on the top floor and was indeed bigger but unfortunately was next to the elevator. Luckily the noise of the A/C covered up most of the noise from the elevator but my fiance did have to wear earplugs each night. Didn't feel we could ask to be moved again (the British thing of not wanting to make a fuss kicked in).The staff were pleasant enough but not overly helpful or attentive - no-one asked us if we enjoyed our stay on checking out etc. One night there was no hot water in the hotel either. On our next trip to Boston I think we'll try elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Doesn't live up to the hype - location is the best point. Stayed here late October for 5 days. Chose the hotel on the basis of it's reputation and the hype in a number of brochures. Better reputation than it deserves. No particular problems but nothing special other than it's location. If you are spending a few days in Boston excellent base to explore from. However, many other good hotels close by that are not as expensive. Small room, even smaller bathroom. Old TV, small amount of storage space for hanging clothes and only one bathrobe - in a double room - to me that doesn't make a top class hotel. Staff service average. Expensive restaurant but Irish bar reasonable (not very Irish though!)  
<Date>Nov 28, 2004
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BILL010FISH
<Content>Lovely hotel We stayed at the Lenox for a 3 night break on 5/11 and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. From the minute we arrived until leaving, we found the staff helpful and friendly. Although the room wasn't that big (room 1018) it had everything we needed and was clean and towels and soaps replenished on a daily basis. The hotel is in a good location for all the sightseeing that a couple of brits could cram in in 3 1/2 days.For the price we paid we would highly recommend staying at the Lenox and would not hesitate in visiting again in the future.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth it Stayed at the Lenox for a weekend trip to Boston. Great location but that's about it. Rooms are very, very small (not what you see on the website at all). Had to switch rooms, first one was by elevator and was up all night listening to people coming and going. Old hotel so you can hear EVERYTHING from your neighbors to everyone in the hallways. In both rooms high speed internet access is a joke. My old dialup service was faster. Don't plan on getting any work done if you need to get online.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LynnFolsom_CA
<Content>It doesn't pay to reserve early... I booked a room in August and requested a corner room for October. When we got to the hotel, they had no record of my request and gave us a very quiet room. If you want to call a room that is right by the elevator where you can hear the sounds from it all night long on one side and the hum of the HVAC on the other and pay 245 a night, then this is quiet. On top of that, the Aveda All Sensitive hand lotion caused a terrible rash that has lasted 3 weeks.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jennifer4525
<Content>Beautiful place I stayed here about a year ago with my boyfriend and some other friends on a weekend trip. We are young...early 20's and loved this place! The Lenox is gorgeous! The decor is that of a 1920'2 mobster film. (Do not stay here if you want something chic and modern). I usually like modern places, but this was different - really extravagant and just so unique. The service was great and the free breakfast was awesome (it came with our package)! It was not your typical free buffet, stale toast type of breakfast....it was sit down, all you can eat, fluffy eggs, crepes, crispy bacon, yummmmm fine dining type of breakfast. This hotel is near many great restaurants, bars, and awesome shopping. You can sign up for a trolley tour at the hotel, but if you do it definitely start early. We loved it and hope you enjoy it too! (PS - Many famous people are known to stay at this hotel.)  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Room 318 is a black hole! Avoid room 318. We stayed in this room for 5 nights from 27 September. The room was OK if a trifle dowdy but the window is obscured by an enormous dome above the conference suite. This meant that daylight did not penetrate at all and you need all the room's inadequate lights on at any hour of the day and had to leave the hotel to find out what the weather was like. Staff were not helpful and as both entrances have stairs up to reception we had to struggle with our considerable luggage. Good location but not good value for the money we paid.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awful hotel From the moment we entered this hotel we realized we made a mistake. Desk people rude. Hotel room was old with no updating. We had a couple having a fight in the next room took 3 calls to the desk to get something done. I will say it was good location the only good comments. Food too expensive and not very good. Be smarter then us pick another hotel  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Homesicklondonboy
<Content>Good but not as good as expected We stayed at the Lenox in Boston September 14-18, 2004 having researched the web for good places to stay. On arrival I must say we were disappointed by the Lenox, in particular the decoration of the rooms was not really our style 鈥?dark and fairly sombre. I know this a classic style hotel but I guess we expected something better in view of the fact that the hotel has supposedly undergone a refurbishment. We had been upgraded to a superior double-bedded room but this was still a bit of a disappointment. At $229 a night - not good value.On the positive side, the location is superb for the Back Bay area of Boston and very convenient for the T (subway system). It is also close to the Prudential Centre and Newbury Street, both good for shopping and restaurants.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>InquisitiveTraveler
<Content>Nice, but somewhat overrated I stayed at the Lenox from Sep. 18 - 20th. The first room they put me in was not very nice. The carpet was worn, the bathtub leaked, there was no comfortable chair in the room, and the view was of the roof of the back of the building. For $199/night I didn't really think this was adequate. When I complained to the Front Desk, and mentioned that I was supposed to have a corporate rate, I was moved to a much larger room with a loveseat and a better view. I was very satisfied with that room, but I did wonder if I hadn't been a corporate guest if I would have been left in the small, dingy room. In my opinion the amount I was paying was way too much for that room.The amenities are very nice at the Lenox (soaps by Aveda, bathrobes, even umbrellas to use while you're there), and the location is wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>madcitysue
<Content>Great hotel We stayed at the Lenox for five nights in early August and were quite pleased. Our deluxe room was large with two comfortable beds and a large bath with marble counter and room to spread our things. The room was clean, and very quiet. The hotel has lots of character with a beautiful refurbished lobby; our room had high ceilings and a chandelier. Front desk staff was helpful. Convenient location; walkable to downtown and close to Newbury St. T stop less than a block away. The only negative for me is that I am allergic to down, and all the pillows and comforters were down. Hypoallergenic pillows and blankets were readily available, but it was just an extra step to change these items on a night when we just wanted to crawl in bed. All in all, we enjoyed our stay and would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>garyf
<Content>good Lenox We booked 2 rooms - one big  impressive - one small but at least it was clean and certainly not dog-eared.Certainly a good room here is a very good room.And the hotel is only 5 mins walk to Bostom Common. Just watch the taxi drivers - the West Indian drivers are not what you'd call user friendly!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JaxSwiss
<Content>A Boston Gem After a considerable amount of research and fare searching we decided to stay at The Lenox over the 4th of July weekend. Let me tell you, it was a wonderful experience. From the initial greeting from Jimmy Fisher, who provided a strong link to the past, to our checkout, we were treated wonderfully. The room was fine, the location excellent (everything you could want, including the T stop, is within walking distance), and the price great. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location I just returned from spending 3 nights at the Lenox. We went to Boston to sightsee and be tourists. The Lenox is in a great, central location to everything in Boston. Only 1 block from the subway system (which can take you anywhere), 1 block from Newbury Street, 1 to 2 block from 2 malls. Good selection of restaurants in walking distance...everything from chain restaurants (California Pizza Kitchen, Fridays, Bertucci's, Cheesecake Factory, etc) to quaint one of a kind restaurants. I didn't have much interaction with the staff, but they all seemed nice. Nice, spacious, comfortable room with nice down blankets. I would go back and also recommend this hotel.   
<Date>Jun 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lutece
<Content>Best hotel best location Just spent 3 nts at the Lenox in 90 degree spring weather. The a/c worked real good, thank goodness. Was upgraded to a junior suite, room was huge with a walk in closet and king sized bedGot a cot for our 13 yr old daughter and wound up putting her dad in the closet on the cot , it was big enough. (he snores) Loved this hotel, no complaints. For the money it was excellent. All they needed were roses in the bathroom and it could have been a Ritz Carlton. The bathrooms were marble and luxurious. The location is the best we saw in Boston. Walked one block to the duck tour, to Newbury St and all the stores. The staff was knowledgeable about everything and very nice. The concierge sent us to this great little restaurant in Little Italy, Il Villagio...All in all, a great time , would go back there....  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SDLane
<Content>Made our Weekend! My husband and I just spent an absolutely fantastic weekend at The Lenox Hotel. We reserved a superior room through Expedia at a great rate, and when we checked in, I asked if any rooms were available with fireplaces. They had one left, and upgraded us to it free of charge (they're called executive suites). The room was large, very clean and nicely appointed, and the bed was sooo comfortable. Jimmy Fisher, the bellman, has been there for 55 years and came to light the fire in our fireplace. We adored him and had a very nice conversation with him. The concierge was able to get us in for a late dinner at a very popular steak house, and the watermelon mojitos at the CityBar were outrageous. Best of all, you couldn't hear a sound from the other rooms... it was so peaceful. Can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Stephansen
<Content>Great Hotel My girlfriend and I stayed for a week at ?The Lenox? in Boston. The hotel is located right in the middle of Boston?s Back Bay area. The location is perfect and close to everything Boston has to offer. We had booked a standard room, but upon arrival we were asked if we wanted an upgrade to a superior room, for a very small surcharge. The room was just wonderful and was well furbished with a large bed and a working desk. The bathroom was quite small but it was nice and clean. However the best thing about the room was the wonderful view of the Boston skyline. The hotel staff was very helpful and we felt very welcome at the hotel. There is no doubt the next time we go to Boston we?ll stay at ?The Lenox? again.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Michelle_74
<Content>Very Nice Stay   showReview(1618589, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>annamaam
<Content>An Enchanting Stay at the Lenox!   showReview(1496483, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>The Lenox, A Curate's Egg (Good in Parts)   showReview(1282888, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shing
<Content>Noisy air conditioner   showReview(1272758, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location and service, but...   showReview(1257533, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What Happened Here?   showReview(1229693, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>wonderful hotel, terrific value   showReview(1189682, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 3, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great spot, Great location   showReview(792352, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hideous   showReview(693709, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>isottafirenze
<Content>Posizione ottima nel cuore di back bay   showReview(23274185, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	3	4	5	2	5	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈广偪銉冦儠銇岃Κ鍒囥仾姝村彶銇傘倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(21745506, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>parob
<Content>Un p貌 scorretti al Lenox!   showReview(21181150, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	4	

<Author>parejas
<Content>es bueno pero no excelente   showReview(20708885, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel pas de soucis   showReview(20549902, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bel h么tel   showReview(20549901, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo   showReview(19639837, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Veramente bello!!!   showReview(19639835, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>consigliatissimo   showReview(19639834, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Eccellente   showReview(19639833, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A am茅liorer   showReview(19639832, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(19639831, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel   showReview(19639836, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Parfait sauf deux r茅serves   showReview(18534680, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈牸娲俱伄銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19171450, 'full');   
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Lyson
<Content>Un h么tel o霉 l'on d茅sire revenir...       The Lenox Hotel  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Location geographique parfaite et service impeccable   showReview(15561312, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绉诲嫊銇究鍒┿仾绔嬪湴锛?#x201d;   showReview(19165238, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut gelegenes Hotel   showReview(11660264, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>eccellente, vorrei tornarci   showReview(11660263, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>babu78
<Content>excellent hotel   showReview(8603018, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un ottimo hotel   showReview(11430073, 'full');   
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

