<Author>ValbyJenster
<Content>Pretty decent hotel I was traveling in a group going to a 49ers game. The trip was organized by a travel agent, so I had no influence on which hotel we would stay at. I always check Trip Advisor before traveling and did so this time, too. I was terrified by the reviews, but also puzzled that reviews were almost always either 'Terrible' or Excellent'. Rarely somewhere in the middle. In reality I founds that the hotel was good value for money. Granted, I have stayed at much better hotels, but I've certainly stayed at worse ones, too. The staff was friendly, the lobby big, spacious and nicely decorated. My room was fairly large and had a huge bed and a decent bathroom. There were two large windows facing Market St. They were not double-pane, so the room tended to get a bit cold and street noice was very noticable. The neighborhood was ok. It wasn't Union Sq, of course, but I never felt threatened - even when by myself. The nearest BART station is literally right across the street, so access from SFO airport couldn't be easier. All in all, I don't recognize the very bad reviews of this hotel and would potentially stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Agro_Sydney
<Content>Expected the worse but was pleasantly surprised This Hotel reminded me of old Hotels I stayed in Europe 30 years ago. I did not do my research before booking the Renoir but it was better than I expected. The room was fairly large and airy wth two large windows . The bathroom was big with shower over a large bath but there was paint peeling off the bathtub. Our room had two double beds which were comfortable. Our room was on the 5th floor facing Mcallister St with a view of the skyline .The noise wasn't too bad accept for the garbage collecters and street cleaners. There were some homeless people about outside but they didn't bother us. On the downside there was no air conditioning or heating. You can get a heater from reception but the powerpoint was close to the drapes and bed and I thought it too dangerous to use. The room was clean but the carpet was old and needed to be replaced. I was disappointed because they didn't have HBO on the TV. Even the other dumps I stayed in had HBO. Thought the location was good and the F line trolley cars to Fishermans Wharf Castro and buses stopped outside the hotel in Market Street. The area was a bit rough with homeless people who did not bother us. The Hotel is only a couple blocks from the Westfield shopping centre and the Powell st Cable Car turntable. The Phantom of the Opera live theatre production is playing at the Orpheum Theatre about 2 blocks from the Renoir Hotel. The area is a little scarey after dark but the atmosphere near Powell and Market st is great. I was glad we stayed in a room on the Mcallister side as I think it would have been noisy on Market St. The staff were pleasant and helpful. Had a bad experience after we checked out when we were sitting in the foyer waiting for our Airport transfer. We were interogated by an undercover security guy about what we were doing in the foyer. I was offended as he treated us like we were homeless people.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>oztourist42
<Content>convient area hotel was very old, room was clean,very convient on market st which also made it noisy at night, staff were very friendly and extremely helpful, lots of homeless people very close but were no trouble at all  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>3	5	3	3	3	5	3	4	

<Author>MJLA75
<Content>I'd rather sleep in my car. The nicest thing I can say about this place is that it was fairly clean. The outside of the hotel is surrounded by homeless people. Once we were in the room the hot water took about five minutes to heat up. The hot water never even worked in the sink. Forget about sleeping if your room faces the street. There is nothing but sirens all night long. The last day we valeted our bags but still had a few hours before we needed to leave for the airport. There is a restaurant in the lobby of the hotel which has restrooms outside. Both restrooms were locked with a padlock. I asked the receptionist if I could use the restroom and she said no. She said that they were closed. I reminded her that I had been a guest there for the past three days and she just shrugged her shoulders. I was literally in pain for the next 30 minute train ride back to the airport. Thanks Renoir Hotel for a horrible experience. I wouldn't stay there again if they paid me.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>parlby29
<Content>Dump - watch your back! We booked in this hotel for three nights but stayed only one! The hotel has aged since the photo's were taken for their brochure almost 20 years ago! Windows frames in the room were rotten and were dangerous for our small child - no bar facility, no food facility, grubby reception area and lifts broken and not to mention the location - leaving the hotel front entrance is like walking onto a set of 'Night of the Living Dead'! The hotel is oposite the civic centre where all the homeless congregate. The taxi driver who picked us up from the hotel was suprised to see us with a small child staying their???  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>MontyNZ
<Content>Renoir What A Dump When we first arrived at the hotel we did not feel very safe. The street we drove down was very run down and there were big african american people yelling at each other. The lobby of the hotel was ok, but the couches were extreamly dirty and did not look like they had had a clean in centuries.The staff were quite nice and helpful, but this was the only reasonable aspect to this place.As we were heading to our room we noticed one elevator was out of service due to inspection, and the one that did work did not feel very safe, it made major creaking and banging noises.The hall and stair wells smelt like urine.The room was pretty average. There was no Air Conditioning, we could not close the curtains - so we had to use a safty pin to keep them closed at night. The windows could easily have been opened from the outside, which made us very uncomfortable leaving anything inside.Right across the street from our room was a Adult Porn Movie theatre.We took a walk down the street hoping it would get better, but it didn't. There were homeless sleeping everywhere, including right outside the hotel entrance - we never felt safe. The streets were covered with puddles (of god knows what) and smelt like stale urine. There were african american gangster looking people on every corner and crazy people littering the streets.We were told by our taxi driver to be very careful - so we decided not to go out after dark.Also, on our last night of staying here we arrived back to the hotel after being at Alcatraz, we were walking towards the elevator and I saw a big cockroach scuttling across the floor (how disgusting is that). This made me wonder about the higiene of this place. How clean were the rooms????The location of this hotel was a very unsafe and dirty area. Made both me and my partner feel very uncomfortable.Would not recommend this place to anyone. TERRIBLE ATMOSPHERE and HOTEL.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	1	

<Author>TravelmanDubai
<Content>Great hotel We stayed here for three nights at the end of our three week USA trip. We were two families with 5 young kids between us and frankly everything, including the location, was fine. The staff were excellent and the rooms clean and functional. As for the location, when you first arrive you notice the people on the street, but you only have to walk two blocks and you're amongst the most upmarket shopping areas in the city. We walked up and down the street many times with our kids and didn't get hassled once.You can walk to Union Square and the cable car in 10 minutes. Don't listen to those people who get frightened when they see a couple of homeless - A great hotel and a great location for a budget stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Quail2
<Content>hotel fine but dodgy location We stayed here for nearly a week. The room was quite old but clean. The loacation was quite scary lots of homeless people and dodgy men who offered us drugs on the way home. The porno cinema opposite provided a nice view from the room. San Fransisco is amazing and the hotel did not in any way spoil this. I would not recommend it based on the area, we did not feel safe at night. My boyfriend also nearly fell out of the window which oppened very wide and since we were quite high up this proved a bit dangerous. The tourist info centre near HMV is good for advice if you don't have a car.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tommy2030
<Content>Not for the Faint Hearted Having just spent two weeks at the Renoir, I would not advise anyone with children to stay there.Whilst i agree that the staff are good and helpful it does not make up for the area it is in, or the state of the actual hotel.The hotel itself needs an update and a makeover, the carpets stink. My room was kept clean and the beds were changed whenever i requested and i did get fresh towels on a daily basis.But the worse thing by far is the area, I made sure i was back in the hotel before dark and didnt leave again till light the next day.Market Street is full of homeless people who are not menacing, but can become a nuisance asking for cash.If your not used to city life then this hotel is not for you....  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>Rigolleto
<Content>very bad hotel First of all sorry for my English that is not very good. I and my wife went to a trip to west USA and Canada for 37 days. In this wonderful trip we accommodated 27 hotels and motels, three of them were booked in advance by our travel agent. For the Renoir hotel we paid for 3 nights $450. I am sorry to state that Renoir hotel was the worst of all the hotels we have been at.As many travelers mentioned there are many homeless people near the hotel. Not very pleasant but bearable.The real bad thing was the room. A very little dense room with 2 single narrow beds with very hard mattresses. There was only one ramshackle chair in the room, it was dangerous to sit on it. Room without air conditioner and without possibility to open a window. Tiny, old bathroom disgusting to enter. Lack a toilet paper and only one towel for each of us. We asked on possibility of connection to Internet and were told that there are two positions in the lobby by payment. We agreed to pay but all our efforts and the reception staff to connect did not succeed. Concerning the parking, it is acceptable to pay about $30 for one day and we agreed to pay it. Since the room was so terrible and Although we already paid $450 (plus tax), we had no choice but to search another hotel, and indeed very soon we found an excellent hotel not very far away from the Renoir hotel in a calm and pleasant environment. We returned to hotel Renoir and requested not to charge us for the half hour in which the car parked in the parking lot. The reception clerk tried to credit us but since he didn't know how to do it, he phoned the manager of the hotel that explained him how to do it. We were promised that we will not be debited for the half hour (time of the parking for that day).When arriving back to our country we were surprised to find that our visa account was debited despite the promise.To conclude, my recommendation is not to stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	3	2	3	2	

<Author>Spaceminx
<Content>Nice hotel, shame about the locale I stayed here for a week and on my own. The hotel is perfectly serviceable and very convenient for public transport. The room was very clean and everything worked. The bath was a bit slippy as I found out the first night when I tried to take a shower  fell but the staff were very helpful when I requested a rubber bath mat (despite a slight communication problem). The staff in general were extremely helpful and friendly and the cafe downstairs had great food. I don't remember having any kind of noise problem. The only downside is its location. The area around it was a bit grubby and full of homeless people/beggars etc. As a lone female traveller I didn't feel very safe stepping out of the hotel into the immediate surroundings.In all, its great value for money and great if you're on a budget like I was. Especially if there are a couple of you or if you're in a group. Probably not best for women on their own though.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>3	5	4	2	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>claudeScarboro
<Content>dont go renoir hotel san francisco  my wife and i stopped here for two nights 24 25th may 2008staff were very goodthe hotel is in avery run down conditionthe area round the hotel is very scary with all the homeless sleeping rough on the sidewalks and groups of people hanging around. even the taxi driver told us not to go out at night  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tjantik
<Content>My favorite hotel in The City The Renoir is by far my favorite hotel in San Francisco. The atmosphere is classic chic, the staff are all wonderful, the service is by far the best and the location, though sometimes interesting, is perfect. My last stay was the cherry on top. My motorcycle battery was dead. The staff secured me a taxi to get a battery charger, phoned the auto parts store to ensure they would stay around a few extra minutes until I arrived, made sure I returned safely and found a place for my bike to charge and not be disturbed. One of the desk clerks even ran across the street and got me a hot chocolate while I waited for my bike to charge! The only reason I didn't choose excellent, is the desk clerk forgot he whipped cream....joking, the entire staff at the Renoir deserves massive kudos!Just as an aside, the rooms are always spotless and the old school showers rock!! I hate the hotels that have the water saving shower heads, I'll take old school massaging showers anyday!!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>son_hoang
<Content>Don't book this hotel unless you do not have a choice. Hotel Renoir, built in 1909 (almost 100 yrs old), is a unique-looking, triangular hotel that has 7 floors and straddles Market and McAllister street. Market is a busy street so the rooms on this side will be noisy. The McAllister side entry of the hotel has a handful of homeless/shady people constantly loitering close by and the street itself always smells like urine.When I checked in, the hotel staff were friendly and helpful. They tried hard to accommodate their guests. I have only nice things to say about the people who work here. The hotel itself, on the other hand, is far from reproach. While the lobby area looks decent, the rooms and hallways are old and sorta dirty. They really need to change the carpet.Let's start with the problems for the rooms, in order of worst to least annoyance:1) LOUD and CONSTANT knocking sound from the radiator. It sounds like you're sleeping in a construction zone with someone banging against metal pipes with a hammer. I called the front desk to report the problem twice and was told that there's nothing they could do about the radiator noise on the 2nd floor. However, they were able to move me to the 7th floor where the noise level was extant, but much more bearable. The hotel does not turn on the heat until 8 PM and turns it off at 7AM. Their 100 years old heating system needs to be upgraded to 21st century machines.2) Non-working wireless internet. Although I read online that this hotel does not have wireless, they did. I was able to connect to the hotel wireless but could not get internet. Several calls to the front desk produced no result so they gave me an 866 (supposed to be toll-free and free of charge, see complaint #3) number to reach the internet provider directly. I sat on the phone with the support desk staff for 20 minutes while he walked me through every step to troubleshoot the problem. It was then determined that the problem lies in the routers of the hotel, not the user, and that internet will not be available for an indefinite amount of time. Basically, the hotel had no free internet access for guests.3) Phone charge. When I received the 1-866-xxx-xxxx number to contact the front desk, I specifically asked whether they will charge me to make this call. Their answer was no. When I checked out of the hotel, they charged me $1 for connection fee because I made a call using their phone. I argued for a little but decided to just give them a buck instead of wasting my time. This was a completely unfair charge considering that I was double-deceived and still unable to resolve the internet problem. I should not be charge to contact their own vendor to rectify an issue for which Renoir Hotel should be responsible.4) Baby towels. The hotel's bath towels are rough and is about the size of a small wash cloth or half the width of a regular towel.5) Hard, lumpy bed. Yes, the bed seemed clean but it was hard and lumpy.6) 13 color TV with cable but a dead remote7) There is no air conditioning, just a fan. I don't think A/C is really necessary in SF because you could just open the window to get some cool air. But would I want the urine smell on McAllister street to get into my room?Overall, I think the issue lies in the hotel owner and their management issues, not of their staff. I will not stay at this hotel again and I do not recommend others to book your stay here unless you are limited in choice (Priceline, cost, or whatever).  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	5	5	1	

<Author>skm52
<Content>UM........ Where do i start...We arrived and 1pm and by 3pm the same day we had checked out.The toilets did not work, the lift was out of service, no running water in the room, bullet hole in the window and a service club across the road to look at.I had to use the toilet so i went to McDonalds next door hoping it would be cleaner but it wasn't. I had to get the key from the manager and my husband had to wait outside the door while a drug-crazed women tried to get in.We had an 11 year old boy and girl and felt that it wasn't safe. Would definatly NOT recomend... to anyone.A very scary experience.........  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>irishlad76
<Content>Its not the Ritz but its fine! I stayed at the Renoir hotel for one week from 22/02 and to be honest the area isnt great but the hotel was fine. It is located on Market Street and shops include Abercrombie  Fitch, Bloomingdales therefore the area isnt as bad as fellow travellers make out - if anything, i found the area friendly and people kept to themselves. Homelessness is everywhere and as long as you respect others they dont bother you.Finally i would certainly stay here again as the staff were great.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigladMidlands
<Content>Dirty, Smelly, Scary Hotel!! Dirty smelly Hotel in Scary, dirty, smelly,area. We booked for a whole week, but checked out after one night to go to a hotel on Union Square, I'm sure in its day it was a fine hotel, but now i wouldn''t recomend it to my worst enemy. The Brazillian resturant is also closed down, adding to the feeling of decay. Avoid!!!!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	2	

<Author>brisvegans
<Content>Bad area Bad hotel       Their idea of air-con  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	3	

<Author>TravellingGal07
<Content>Enjoy the Renoir, Makes SF fun What a wonderful visit to SF, thanks to the Renoir.It started out a bit rocky due to bad weather, flight delays and our room not being ready when we arrived, but from day 2 until we left 3 days later, we could not have been more delighted with the staff and our room. Yes, they did make up for our reservation mess and we ended up in a beautiful corner room overlooking some gorgeous architecture. They were johnny-on-the spot whenever we had a need or a question.The area at night can be a bit scary for folks not familiar with the big city. As in EVERY large urban city there are street people and panhandlers, some colorful characters that make travel all that more interesting. If you Lighten up and experience more than just a trip, you find that there is more to life than the life you have at home, that's why you travel, right?We ate at a wonderful restaurant not far from the hotel and very close to the Civic/Fine Arts Centers - the food was outstanding, the service impeccable, so try to have at least meal there. I think they serve breakfast everyday but Monday, and they have lunch and dinner available 6 days a week too.All in all this was a fun place to stay, close to the public transportation (right outside the doors on the Market Street Side)and walking distance to some interesting sites. Don't be afraid to stay here no matter what other reviewer say negatively. (Especially about the druggie and the needle).  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Cpt58
<Content>Hotel Ok, Area TERRIBLE The Hotel in itself was ok, clean, spacious and the staff friendly enough but the location was the pits. We had told our travel agent we preferred to spend less on a hotel as we only sleep there when we travel, so we can see and do more, however the area that this hotel is in left heaps to be desired. I would definately spend a bit more on my next trip to San Fran, and we will be going back some time as we loved the place, and stay in a better part of town without the pimps, druggies, homeless, beggars and pros right on the doorstep. We were sure we heard a gunshot one night.If I had not been with my husband I don't think I would have left the hotel as we had to walk about 3 or 4 blocks past these people to get anywhere.WOMEN ON THEIR OWN BEWARE.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>around99
<Content>GREAT HOTEL - don't believe the hype My husband booked the Renoir Hotel along with his flight to San Francisco through a travel website, and was just amazed by the deal he got. I don't think he looked at any reviews until afterwards, and then, so did I. I WAS SO WORRIED!!! But there was no real reason for it. We got there, the staff was incredibly helpful and pointed out tours and restaurants for us to try. The lobby was clean and nothing smelled bad. There were a lot of less fortunate people outside, but they were across the street. People seemed to come and go all the time, no one stayed out there for long. At any rate, neither me nor my husband were never approached by anyone. It is an older hotel, and the elevator is a little slow, but it was a smooth ride, and the elevator smelled nice. (You don't always get that in older hotels.) Our room was nice. We had two double beds. There was a good television with good reception. The sheets were clean (again, nice-smelling) and I even checked the mattresses, which were very clean. I especially checked the edges, where one would see marks if there were bed bugs, and there were none. The bathroom was nice and clean. Not huge, but it had plenty of room. The towels were a little rough, but they're that way at my mom's house and they were fine. We were on the McAllister street side, and while there was a little noise (mostly sirens - I think the fire station is a couple blocks down - and some random yelling) I didn't have any trouble going to sleep, and neither did my husband. We used the valet service for our rental car, mostly because of what we had read on here, and after trying to find parking elsewhere, we were glad to do so. Just like any other city, it's hard to find street parking, and garages charge whatever they want. Our car was always delivered right away whenever we called for it, and again, the staff could not have been nicer. If we ever have the chance to go to San Francisco again, we'll definitely stay there, along with my kids, and I'd recommend it to anyone I know. It's GREAT!  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucysdad
<Content>A decent stay We stayed at the Renoir at the end of September for a 4 day weekend.I was a bit apprehensive about staying there after seeing some of the bad reviews, but there was little choice in availability that weekend, so we went for it. I was glad that we did.The area of town is on the rough side, but the friendly staff and proximity to the MUNI station made up for most of that. During the day it was safe to walk around and at night, we just took taxis or the train to get around.Checking in was a breeze and the staff gave helpful answers to any questions that we had and were always available. The room was clean and functional. Bathroom was adequate and there was hot water each morning for showering.I'm sure that it wouldn't be everyone's cup of tea to stay here, but I would do so again.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Ozmonkey
<Content>Exactly what we needed After reading some reviews posted here, I thought it necessary to voice my opinion...Our first experience with San Francisco was memorable - maybe not for the best reasons...when we came up from the underground station near to the Renoir Hotel we encountered loads of homeless people milling around. This was confronting to say the least! It was obvious to the lobby staff that we were flustered by what we had seen outside since they immediately told us we were 'safe' even before greeting us.The room we checked into wasn't great, so we changed and unlike other reviews, we changed to the Market St. side of the hotel (only after considering changing hotels entirely).Proximity to the tram/cable car and BART are BIG pluses for the Renoir. But the hotel's biggest asset is its staff, especially Martin (security guard). The staff are more than willing to assist and extremely courteous!!Apart from some minor sleep interruptions (we were on the second floor) - we thoroughly enjoyed the location, room and ambiance!!! What we experienced in San Fran was more than what we had hoped - we experience real life, culture and the best and worst of our 21st century...other destinations on our trip included LA and San Diego and as much as they were lovely - they were very sanitised - it will be San Francisco (and indeed the Renoir) that leaves the biggest impression - for the right reasons!Thank you!!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>confidencial1
<Content>Loved it The area was not the best but the hotel and staff were very nice and accommodated all of my tour and hotel needs.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>qbill
<Content>This Takes The Cake!! My friend and I travel alot and we always try to find the worst hotel in town to stay in just too see how freaky it is. We've stayed in alot of dumps and have seen it all - the bums, drug dealers, pimps and hookers hanging around, from poop on the floor, blood stains on the walls, the ever-present urine smell and those un-identifiable stains...you know the deal. We always love it when something we never would have expected actually happens. Well, in this hotel, all of the above happened, and more. In our horribly grungy room, while we were laughing about how this hotel was one of the worst, we got a knock on the door. It was some sleazy drug girl, with a needle hanging out of her arm, looking for her boyfriend. We said he was not here, and then she proceeded to try and sell us some heroin. We said no. She then offered us her services so she could get money to buy some more. We said no. She then ran down the hall screaming, threatening us that Dwan was gonna find us and kill us. Well, Dwan never showed up. But we both agreed.... The Renoir definitely ranks as one our top 5 worst hotels in the world. This place is not for the meek. It is not a place for romance. It is for people in the fringes....those you see in the shadows. Good Luck!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrqntTrvlr01
<Content>A Nasty Place This is a nasty place, more suitable to hourly rentals than daily ones. Save yourself----I wish I had read the reviews first, but maybe it is not too late for you. Nestled between homeless shelters and crack dealers, this quiet oasis is neither quiet or an oasis. I paid $60 per night through a travel auction site and this was way too much. We called the cops twice (the front desk guy was afraid to go outside and afraid to call the cops) on homeless guys outside on the street with a boombox cranked up at 2 am. Apparently the shelter, which is directly across from the hotel was full for the night. The carpet is a delightful vintage 1960's carpet, and unfortunately looked like that was the last time it was cleaned. I was afraid to step on it for fear of my shoes, socks or bare feet sticking to it.  Please note that at least they are honest about one thing. They tell you that you must pay for valet parking or your car will likely get broken into, even in the nearby parking garages, because the neighborhood is so bad. This is the worst hotel I have ever stayed in. I hope my review will help you from making the same mistake I did. On the other hand, if you are not concerned about safety, value, cleanliness or a good night's sleep, this hotel is for you.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>tazza21
<Content>Be afraid... be very afraid! We stayed in this hotel in October 05, following a recommendation from our travel agent??? I agree with other travellers regarding the position of the hotel. It really is in the red light district... homeless people in the streets on both sides of the hotel. Most nights there was screaming and yelling in the streets. The doors are locked with cages each night. We spoke to a French couple who were booked to stay a few nights, they said they were re-booking to another hotel straight away, as they were very afraid. When we arrived we were greeted by a porter who had holes in the knees of his trousers and who looked like Manwell from Faulty Towers. The stay definately had its humerous side, we were travelling with my sister and her husband. But I definatley would never stay there just as a couple or worse as a single..... be very afraid - take my advice book the YMCA instead!!!!  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellingferret
<Content>Not the best place to stay..... Booked the Renoir on-line for a short stay (I was working near SF, my wife and son joining me...). ...room was spacious and clean, and staff helpful...but I was taken aback somewhat by the couple checking out on arrival(!), and by the rather panicked British lady desparately trying to find anywhere else to stay (including Oakland - SF was full for a congress of some sort). Took a short stroll towards the cable car which is just 5 mins walk away....but in another world. The street was littered with druggies, vagrants, prostitutes and other random folk, shouting, screaming, falling over, etc etc. Sort of interesting...in daytime un-nerving initially, but not really frightening....wouldn't want to see it or be there at night....not somewhere to stay with family if you want to enjoy the city. I told my family not to get out of the car....Luckily found a reservation at Fishermans Wharf...no problems checking out just after having arrived and even got a refund from the booking...money well spent.If you want somewhere reasonably priced and lively it may be your place....it gives you a lens on the city that is rather different from that you might have expected........but that's probably not what you want....Play it safe. Find somewhere else.  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>UnionSquareDaddy
<Content>Terrific Value! While the Renoir is not the most glamorous hotel I have stayed in it is excellant value for the money. The staff is friendly and knowledgable. Everything worked in the room and I love their colorful location. they are on Market Street so I could jump on the street car just outside the door or walk one block to the underground. Thanks!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>tuiKiwi
<Content>Hotel OK- Area Rough This hotel was fine as a budget accommodation.- clean, good service.The area is not desirable. So many homeless people on the streets. Very noisy. We did not feel safe to walk, as they slept on the sidewalks. Not a good inroduction to the city, however. If you stay here - do not walk on the street at night - get a cab!would advise paying extra for a better area.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xxtraveler
<Content>As a female traveler, not recommended My girlfriend and I stayed here during march break. I was forewarned of San Fran's homeless population, however, they all seemed to convene in this hotel's area. If you're a female traveler, I would seriously recommend that you NOT book here. My gf and I were extremely uncomfortable, though we understood beforehand that there would be homeless types around (and thought it would be like toronto), we were unprepared for this experience. There was always a gathering of homeless men outside the hotel's entrance by the coffee shop who would harass us coming and going from the hotel. Oddly, sometimes they would come and stand close by, not saying anything, but just to stand near, I'm not sure if they were sizing us up, or just found us interesting being a gay couple. I'm sure it would be fine for guys to stay here, however, reading these other reviews, I see there were some threats. The hotel staff were EXTREMELY helpful and nice. As this hotel is conveniently located near transportation, it'd be perfect, if not for the above mentioned problem.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	3	4	5	-1	

<Author>JohnHDublin
<Content>Stayed here for 3rd time, they must be doing something right I went to San Francisco in January for a little post-Christmas shopping and relaxation. This was my 5th trip to San Francisco and 3rd time staying at the Renoir. The hotel is very centrally located and has a BART\MUNI station right at the door.While the hotel is certainly not 5 star, it's not bad. The rooms are clean (excellent housekeeping staff) and comfortable. There is a digital safe and TV with cable in every room, which is pretty good. I will admit that the location is not the best from an asthetic point of view, however, Union Square is only around 5 minutes walk from the hotel and the people around the hotel are unlikey to attack or even talk to you.I will probably stay here again next time I'm in San Francisco  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>KatyMasters
<Content>Cheap, clean and cheerful, near city center but in very bad area       Double double room  
<Date>Mar 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Ariel_Jabberwocky
<Content>Don't stay here! A bad introduction to a beautiful city       View from Renoir window 1  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>steveinsky
<Content>Lots of old world charm This hotel has a lot of old world charm. The lobby is like miniature version of the Fairmont, the hotel used for the television series hotel.The rooms are basic but clean and the staff are very friendly. The Brazilian restaurant is a meat lover's love fest, with all the meat you can eat in one evening.The hotel is central to all the museums, opera house and symphony hall and all public transportation is either in front of the hotel or close by. The cable cars to Fishermans Wharf are just three blocks away.All-in-all it's real value for money. If I could afford the St Francis or the Palace, I would stay at those classic SF hotels, but the Renoir has a similar type of charm at 1/4 the price. I'd rather stay at the Renoir and spend the money on the opera, which is a five minute walk from the hotel.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CanadianTravelBug2
<Content>No so bad ... We booked through a travel agent who advised us that it was only a two-star hotel in the downtown core of San Francisco.The hotel was clean. The staff was friendly and helpful.It is old and sometimes noisy, but it was comfortable.Yes, there were homeless people outside. What city doesn't have them? Strip bars outside. Oh well, welcome to the real world. The doors on one side of the hotel opened up to a less 'colorful' nightlife. Remember ... it's a 2-star hotel!The location for public transportation couldn't have been better! Front desk staff were great at giving directions and assistance to figure out where to go and what to see. Overall my son (16) and I had an awesome time in San Francisco, and the Renoir is a hotel where I would stay again.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nelleke
<Content>Very noisy and not the best area The hotel is very noisy, you can hear everything that's going on at the street and in the other rooms. And since it's not very safe on the streets around the hotel, you here screaming and yelling all the time. The staff in the hotel was helpfull and friendly. The room was clean and nothing wrong with it. But to rate this hotel with 2 dots is because I really was frightend when we walked back to the hotel late at night and because of all the noise.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	3	3	

<Author>aussiebattler-TRIP
<Content>Noisiest Hotel on the planet This is definitely not a family hotel. It was booked through a travel agent who we have since spoke to regarding this matter. The staff were helpful but the hotel itself needs to be overhauled big time.We had our daughters aged 8 and 10 with us and the duty manager instructed us to hold there hands at all times, make no eye contact with anyone or acknowledge anyone needless to say the girls say a lot of Market street. Two blocks from the hotel was fine.The rooms were extremely noisy, the beds made of plastic, and it smelt. The ' charming residents of the streets ' surrounding the hotel screamed, fought, smashed bottles and generally created an atmosphere of fright and intimidation.Not one for the family or the faint hearted  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>wahbenz
<Content>Location! Location! Location! A boutique hotel in a historic landmark building, the Renoir Hotel is the best place to stay for San Franciscos GLBT Parade which is held on the third weekend in June. We've stayed here several times for the parade. It is the only hotel that sponsors the event AND has rooms with direct views onto Market Street and the parade. Thus you have the option of partying on the street with the other revelers or a more relaxed experience of viewing the parade from your window IF you have a Market Street view. Advisable to request a Market Street room and pay in advance to gurantee. If you get the suite on the corner (2nd or 3rd floor...can't remember which) you have 3 views of the city and a balcony from which you can show off your fabulousness! Best to reserve this room well in advance! Yes it's in the Tenderloin, but in all the years I've stayed at the Renoir I've never had a problem. It's not far from the Castro and literally right across the street from the increasingly trendy SoMa area and not far from the amazing San Francisco Museum of Modern Art. There's a BART station right outside so getting anywhere in the city is easy and convenient, The staff are friendly, attentive and knowledgable. Many are multi-lingual. The rooms are comfortable and bright. The hotel cafe, located in the lobby, is very good for breakfast and lunch or just kicking back with an espresso. For the location and amenities, you can't beat the price! Best bet for the budget conscious. Bottom line: If a good view with price tag that won't break the bank is what you seek, two words: Hotel Renoir.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>peacefroggee
<Content>Ghetto area. Man shot dead nearby as I checked out. On the way into the city from San Francisco Airport, my cab driver was very chatty and friendly. Once I told him what hotel I was going to, however, he went very quiet, and then a minute later, mumbled The place that your staying is in kind of a rough area... called Tenderloin. Although, as he added, You won't find many tender loins in that part of town. An understatement to say the least. I have not lead a particularly sheltered life, and I have experienced urban poverty before, but I was still not prepared for the ghetto area that the hotel is in. As you step outside, literally eight or nine out of every ten pedestrians you pass will be drunk, wasted, homeless, vagrants, gang-members, prostitutes or something like that. I immediately felt extremely intimidated and nervous.Crime, however, did not seem to be too much of a problem. I was never hassled or even approached, and most people who look like they might be trouble were so wasted that they wouldn't have worked out how to rob me if I went so far as to put my wallet into their hands. Thirty seconds after walking outside, however, I was a bit frightened as a car drove up and a woman started shaking a handgun at a pedestrian near me. Nothing happened, but the next day as I checked out a man was fatally shot not fifty yards from the hotel entrance.There are some bonuses, however: the hotel is affordable, and although the decor is a little aged and gloomy, coming in from the street is like stepping into a cool, pleasant oasis. The staff were kind and service-orientated, no complaints there. My room was on the seventh floor, and I did have a nice view. The biggest benefit by far, though is that despite the bad area in which the hotel is located, it is still only ten to fifteen minutes walk down Market St to the infinitely more pleasant areas of Union Square, the waterfront and the Financial District.I absolutely would not recommend this hotel to young women travelling alone, anyone travelling with more than one child, or anyone for whom San Francisco is going to be the main attraction of their holiday - the Renoir Hotel, despite its art deco look and romantic French name, is completely unsuitable for 'romantic getaway weekends' or any such thing. If this is what your after, splash out on a room in a swankier hotel uptown and you wil not regret it.Despite my criticisms, however, for me the hotel was actually exactly what I needed. I was in the city for just one night, travelling from New Zealand to the U.K., and I wanted something cheap and central, and I was not too bothered about the experience itself as San Francisco was just a transfer destination. If you expect it to be anything other than an affordable, central, transfer 'crash pad' though you are bound to be disappointed.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2006
<Rating>2	4	3	1	3	3	3	1	

<Author>Jen1985
<Content>Budget Conscious Travellers Only We did not stay here but did a sight inspection as part of work (I am a travel agent).Renoir Hotel is located in the civic centre of San Francisco. It is quite a distance away from Union Square and Fisherman鈥檚 Wharf. It would be best for budget conscious travellers who really only want a room to sleep in at night. This hotel is located within the 鈥楻ed Light鈥?district.Rooms are on the smaller side, so would strongly suggest that clients upgrade to 鈥楽uperior King Corner Room鈥?which has a lot more natural light and is a better size. Rooms and hallway smelt damp and musty.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	5	5	3	

<Author>Barry1972
<Content>Good value for money Stayed at the Renoir from 23rd November for 9 nts. For cheap, clean, comfortable accommodation in SF City Centre, the Renoir proved to be an ok choice. Have stayed previously at the Embassy nearby and think I would opt for Renoir in the future. You will find a period building full of original features which, whilst not providing 5* luxury, was clean  comfortable. Rooms are not huge, but more than adequate. Daily maid service  always made an effort to service our room when we were away - only disturbed once in 10 days. The staff here do deserve a mention as I found them always welcoming  polite. e.g.Despite only being able to book a twin on the net, I was offered the choice of king or twin on arrival  booking changed without the slightest problem - well done.The bathrooms let an otherwise OK hotel down simply through age  being worn out - only fair to say that whilst tired, the bathroom was spotlessly clean throughout my stay. Admittedly, the hotels location can be a bit of-putting at first, as at night you will find many of San Francisco's more lively charachters on the streets around Market, but I found the Renoir OK in this respect - Buses, Streetcar, Muni  Bart stops are literally right outside the hotel door and taxi's were easy to find. Some people would be put off by the street life, but having stayed previosuly in the area, I knew what to expect.For $60 p/n in downtown SF the Renoir delivered clean  comfortable value for money  
<Date>Dec 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Pensta81
<Content>Avoid this Hotel at ALL costs!!! Words can't really describe how disgusting this hotel was. I was warned by a limo driver, a cab driver, a tour guide and a few locals that the area I was staying in was the WORST area in all of San Francisco and I was told NOT to venture out of my hotel on my own or at night and whenever I leave the hotel, make sure it's into a waiting cab out the front. I arrived into San Fran at night so I got a good view of what the area was like as I pulled up to the hotel. There were prostitutes, homeless people, druggies etc all loitering around the streets. All the streets were very dark and dingy looking, including the main streets. My first view of San Fran was YUCK!!! The person behind the counter was VERY rude and didn't even look at me while checking me in. Just requested my credit card, threw it at me when he was done with it, gave me the key and that was it. Didn't welcome me to the hotel or anything. Once I stepped off the lift into the hallway to go to my room, I smelt this awful smell. It smelt as though a heard of cattle had been in the halls. It was VERY overpowering and VERY unpleasant. I am assuming that is why the windows in the middle of the hotel were ALWAYS open, not that that helped at all. Our room was VERY small but clean and pleasant somewhat. We barely had room for our 2 suitcases. There was no fridge or coffee/tea making facilicities but as I had travelled through most of America quickly found that that is not a standard thing, unlike in Australia. The first day we ran out of toilet paper too and had to resort to other means until they FINALLY delivered us some more. It was a HUGE hassle for them to bring us some toilet paper. I didn't realise I was going to be roughing it in a hotel in a big city but I did. They also have central heating which totally sucked as most nights I was freezing so I went downstairs to complain about how cold my room was only to be told the heating will go on at 3am and turn off at 6am. When I said that is unacceptable as I am freezing, he offered me some extra blankets, to which I said not good enough. Finally he told me that they had little fan heaters and that he would get someone to bring one up to me. As I was walking to the lift, the bell boy chased after me and gave me the fan heater so I could walk it up myself. What was I paying for? As for the Brazilian Restaurant downstairs. The food was edible but not great and depending on who served you the service was bad!!! and they had the nerve to write down their own tip on the bill. Sorry but I like to decide who much I thought your service was worth and when I don't even get a knife, fork or serviette that tip is NOTHING. The only reason I ate there was because I was too scared to venture out of the hotel to go eat anywhere else, not that there would have been anything better looking at the area. One night while eating there a druggie from the streets, burst into the restaurant and was hiding under a table and it took 2 men to drag him out, so your not even safe in there. The area was soooooooooo bad I almost starved the 3 nights I was forced to stay there as I was too scared to leave the hotel. I did however, do a few tours around San Francisco and to be honest the whole city looked quite dumpy. It was probably the ugliest city I have ever been too and I had been to over 20 places in America by that stage and San Fran was the WORST of the WORST. On TV they make it look so pretty etc but in real life it is dirty, dingy and smelly. The SMELLS in San Fran are disgusting. I went into a fancy, expensive restaurant on Fishermans Wharf and I nearly gagged from the smell in that place. I know it was by the ocean but it was NOT an ocean smell. It was really disgusting and put me off my food. Basically in a nut shell, the hotel is in a REALLY bad area and San Fran is not that great anyway. If you really must go to San Fran stay somewhere near Fishermans Wharf which is a lot nicer, just bring a nose peg with you. Alcatraz is a must while in San Fran and a City Tour but they do them in one day, so you will only need one night in dirty San Fran. I should have stayed longer in Alaska and just spent one night in San Fran. I will NOT be going there EVER again, not even as a stop over in the airport. I hated San Fran and I HATED the hotel. The service was bad, the hotel stunk, the area was scary, the list goes on. My travel agent will be hearing about this. I cannot believe that they would send 2 females travelling alone to such a place. Not good times.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	2	

<Author>AP123456
<Content>Just a Bad Area I returend from this hotel about two weeks ago and the reviews are mainly accurate... The area is bad and it is intimidating, although they are mainly homeless people and if you just keep walking they did not bother you too much.. A few of them did tell me and my girlfriend that we should not be walking in such an area and this did cause concern.. The room itself was very cheap but ok.. I would not recomend this hotel,, i would advise pay a little more and stay more central... .  
<Date>Nov 28, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	1	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>ausadelaide
<Content>Terrible Location Rude Staff I had booked this hotal through a reputable travel agent in Australia (Jestset)- and was to be the last stop after a long trip including conference and business. The first thing i noticed were the amount of homeless and drug addicts hanging around outside- it made me feel really unsafe. The room i was given had problems with power- as the TV etc kept going off. I would tell the front desk and they got the maintenace staff to fix it- at least 4 times a day. Then they started working above my room and in the walls- apparently there was a major issue with wiring. they worked all day and to 9.30pm at night without telling me. When i complained after 3 days, they moved me- when this should have happened earlier as no one else was housed nearby-the staff obviously knew of this issue. The conceirge/bellhop was really un helpfull- when i asked for directions- for example to the caltrain. To add insult to injury, i was charged for long distance calls i couldn't possibly have made as i was on a trip to Yosemite at that time- fortunately the only helpful person on staff remembered me leaving and returning from the trip and eventually i wasnt charged for this.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>mwa4u
<Content>Scary area Again, to echo other people's reviews, the area was REALLY terrible. The hotel itself was nice enough, the staff friendly and helpful and willing to give directions and information. The problem was the location. If you wanted to take out money from an ATM, you had to go into one of the fast food places nearby which stunk of urine and was full of homeless people. The streets were full of drugs/prostitutes/criminals/homeless people. For two women staying here (and trust me, guys would have found the same thing) it was intimidating. We dreaded going out. At night, instead of being out on the town and seeing the beautiful city, we decided to get back before dark because we wanted to avoid those problems. Seriously, if you can afford to go on holidays, stay elsewhere!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>notpickytraveler
<Content>Don't stay here I booked this on-line and it was a terrible mistake! Had I known more about SF I would have realized the location (on Market past Fifth) is not place for a young woman to stay on her own. Homeless everywhere, NO police officers in sight. Hotel is old and musty and dirty. I tried to cancel but they wouldn't refund anything. Then I asked if I could at least upgrade to a suite, and it took several different employees and an entire day to make that happen. Power went out in my room as I was drying my hair. You can't even get a decent cup of coffee -- they have instant packets and hot water in the lobby. Tiny, flimsy bath towels. Old beds. Noisy at night as you hear homeless people yelling on the street and sirens all the time. A miserable experience! If this is your first time to SF make SURE the hotel is NOT near a numbered street higher than five. You want to be farther down on Market near Second, Third, etc.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>craichead
<Content>Hope you like mice I stayed here 2 years ago and would never recommend to anyone that doesn't live in the streets. Had to walk a gauntlet of homeless with my girlfriend, had a lovely view of a huge stripclub across the street, horrible desk service, and on our second day I saw mice running all over the place. No kidding, my girlfriend was scared to walk across the floor. Old world charm indeed, like Middle Ages.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>daytongay
<Content>Convenient location, great price, no hot water Perhaps the fact that I stayed at the Renoir because it was a sponsor of the nearby Folsom Street Fair shows that I'm not afraid of seeing strange sights on the street. Actually that might sum it up -- if you'd be afraid to go to Folsom, the Renoir or any hotel in SOMA isn't for you. If you enjoy diversity and appreciate businesses that support diversity, consider the Renoir.However, consider the Renoir for what it is. Compared to other hotels in more touristy areas, it's got cheap rates. For those rates, you get a clean room in a hotel with the style and ambience of an older European hotel (not of an American chain of motels). The area is a bit noisy at times, but the earplugs that were supplied solved that issue. There was no air conditioning (as there is not in most non-chain European hotels), but San Francisco nights are cool, and during the day you should be out and about exploring the city.The Renoir is very conveniently located in terms of public transit. You can take BART from the airport to the Civic Center station directly across 7th St from the hotel. That station also has Muni subway lines. The F line streetcars stop directly across from the hotel on Market Street, and there are lots of Muni buses nearby that go to all parts of the city. If you're a gay tourist, the Castro is only minutes away!The one complaint I do have about the Renoir is its lack of hot water. The faucets are mis-labeled -- as the friendly maintenance supervisor explained to me, if you turn the shower faucet all the way to the left as it is marked, you'll get nothing but cold water; instead you have to turn it just a fraction and let it run, but unfortunately I never got more than lukewarm water. That, for me, is almost a deal breaker. It was okay for this trip since I was already there, and I got decent rates for Folsom, but I'm not sure that I'll return to the Renoir.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lindy76
<Content>DO NOT STAY HERE A beacon for low lifes, vagrants, prostitutes, pimps, gangs and other undesirables. Hotel staff extremely unhelpful and rooms are dingy and dirty. We booked out after one night and it was the worst night of my life. We were to afraid to leave the hotel room and left promptly the next morning. The noise is intolerable and it is impossible to sleep amidst all the shouting outside and the cars pulling up. The Renoir is situated between a 'dosshouse', a strip club, and next door to an all night pizza place that draws the dregs of society to its doors. I can honestly say that I was in fear of my own and my familys safety that night. We were not refunded as it was booked through our tour operator and had to pay for another, much nicer, hotel near the wharf and finally got to see the nicer side of San Fransisco.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>PR_DK
<Content>Bad location In general I found the hotel to be OK compared to the price and if you walk back to the hotel before it鈥檚 dark there is nothing to fear from the homeless.Like written in other reviews the hotel is located in an area full of homeless. However, I didn鈥檛 found it as terrifying as mentioned in some of the other reviews.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	4	4	3	

<Author>missy20
<Content>nice rooms, bad area I found the rooms to be nice and clean and a good size. desk staff were not helpful. The had a mesage for me from a tour operator about a pick up time. I was given the mesage the day after i went on the tour, after being screamed at by the bus driver picking me up because i was not ready on time, because the hotel didnt give me the mesage that i was being picked up from the hotel at 0800!!!! I didnt think much of the area when i first arrived, but after deciding to go for a walk to get some dinner after dark, i got really worried!!! I was traveling alone, and when i stepped out of the hotel i saw an adult picture theatre, and huge groups of men in the streets who were constantly calling out to me. i ran back to the hotel!! i dont think i have ever been so scared. The hotel was fine, but i just think that people should be aware of the area it in. Pay the extra money and stay some where near fishermans wharf!  
<Date>Aug 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	3	1	3	1	1	1	

<Author>genemean
<Content>2 star hotel with many street people nearby It always surprises me when people rent a room in a two star hotel and then are annoyed that it is a two star hotel. The Renoir is that. Think old Holiday Inn. The rooms are okay but plain. It is right on many bus lines and the rapid transit to the airport. The main problem is that it is in the Tenderloin district, famous for low cost housing and street people. They are everywhere near the hotel. But, not once did I feel threatened by them. But if seeing them ruins your trip, stay in another area. ..Oh, the connecting restaurant if okay for breakfast, but the Brazilian menu is strange tasting and not to American taste.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Niamh86
<Content>what a dump Terrible hotel, location in a red light disctrict, U r afraid to go out at night!!! I will never ever return  
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	2	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Check the mattresses if you dare to book Myself and a freind of mine booked through a travel agent (one would think a travel agent would not put two females travelling alone into a scumy hotel, right? Wrong!)We got there early afternoon and had the security guy tell us not to venture into three of four directions directly surrounding the hotel. We dropped our bags, left to be tourists and returned at about 6:30 that evening (Tuesday). Based on the dank musty smell in our room we decided to check the mattresses for bed bugs...boy am I glad we checked!! On one of the mattresses (under the dingy, grey mattress pad) was what appeared to be a crushed cracker of some sort. Under the mattress pad of the other bed we found a dried up chunk of something...After having walked around SF all day and having run into NUMEROUS homeless/vagrant types just outside of the hotel we decided to try to find another one. When we informed the manager of the problem he refused to help us. As we camped out in the lobby trying to book another hotel on my laptop, we watched the two police officers that were posted in the hotel lobby run out into Market Street directly in front of the hotel a few times to deal with issues with the 'locals' out there. Definately not safe unless you're authorized to carry a big bat...at the very least.As our agent was working on refunding us for this dive, the Renoir hotel was claiming that we stayed the whole time, even though we didn't even spend one night there. After providing receipts and proof that we were at another hotel we have finally been refunded for all but the one-night cancellation fee.I would NOT recommend this hotel. If it's the only one left in the city, plan your trip for another day...  
<Date>Jul 17, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Red-light, soup kitchen combination neighborhood !! My husband and I booked a last minute deal that sounded great. Part of the deal was this charming hotel in the civic center. Everything was Okay till we got there past 10:00 PM. When we were turning to the hotel we started getting worried, when we got there we were really worried. The neighborhood looks scary (I'm being very nice and polite!). Any way we were really tired and decided to give it a try. The first thing we were informed is that the parking is $27 a night (+some kind of tax that I found out during check out), Still very naive of me.... I asked if we can use the parking meters outside and i received the most trust worthy answer,  If you are willing to leave it there.... is at your own risk plus you will need to feed the meter a 7:00 am, I will not recommend that. Just looking out the lobby we made our mind quickly and hand out the key. The hotel doesn't match its location. The lobby is nice and it has this old charm to it. There is no AC, kind of a problem with the screaming homeless outside, At least I was expecting it to be white noise. Other than that the people is friendly and they changed us to a higher floor with a king bed to our request. If you're willing to deal with the red-light, soup kitchen combination neighborhood it can be a good option.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I was impressed Having read previous reviews I was considering cancelling this hotel, but found everything booked out. I'm glad now that we didn't change hotels, the Renoir was perfect for our needs at a very reasonable price. Trolley stop right at the front door and a short walk to the main shopping area. An added bonus was that we just happened to be in San Francisco when the trolleys were free for 2 days of our trip. A wonderful Thai restaurant across the road. Staff were very friendly and the room was clean and a generous size.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hyntravel
<Content>Bad location but hotel is okay Reading all the reviews, I had to comment. I traveled to San Francisco last summer and opted to stay my first three nights at the Renoir Hotel. It is true that it's in the Tenderloin area, therefore, I don't know if it would be my first choice. However, the hotel itelf is not bad at all. The homeless people, the vagrants...yes, something to get used to, but if you leave them alone, they will leave you alone. I don't recall any of the odd people coming into the hotel, although they certainly were right there once you step outside. At the time I was by myself and was hesitant to leave the hotel after dark (initially during the day too!). But on one of the nights I was really hungry and decided to go a couple blocks down Market, across the street to a late night/fast food/take-out Thai place that actually delivers. After I did that I realized that the outside wasn't that bad - and I was by myself! I think if there are two or more in your party, you're good to go. Of course, you should always be on guard, but that goes for any big city.  In my two week trip I stayed at three different hotels. While at another hotel, I had to travel in the Civic Center area, with someone this time, to attend a ballet performance in one of the concert halls. Again, the surroundings were tolerable, especially because I was now with someone else. Like I said, perhaps the Renoir wouldn't be my first choice, but if the price is right (which it very much was), go for it! The hotel itself is fine and it is very close to the Civi and theater areas, as well as in walking distance to the shopping areas.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Main  Description red light district of this area is too polite. The Renoir Hotel it's self felt unsafe in broad daylight never mind the middle of the night. We were fortunate to find another place and paid the one night cancellation they charged us. It will be one of those stories you laugh about years later!  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hole Looks can be deceiving.The location of the hotel is in the worst place in town.We were afraid to leave the hotel because as soon as you step outside the door you would be attacked by every homeless person in town.Dont come here - look in a better part of town (fishermans warf)  
<Date>Jun 11, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yikes!! My boyfriend and I spent a night in this hotel about 2 years ago and we are still laughing about it. We made our reservation through Orbitz, who rated the hotel a 3 star I think. Paul and I live in NYC, so when we saw homeless people in front of our hotel, we thought little of it.As we were checking in, a homeless women entered the hotel lobby. She hid behind a poll, expecting not to be seen. When the worker at the desk asked her if she needed help she tried to sneak on the elevator. She was escorted from the hotel. Shortly thereafter, a homeless man entered the lobby. He too, tried to sneak on the elevator. When confronted, he insisted on using the lobby bathroom. The worker behind the desk gave in, and allowed the man to use the bathroom. While this was happening, I heard yelling coming from the street. I walked to the door to see what was going on. To this day, I'm still not sure what was happening that night, but for those of you who have seen the Thriller video or the Pat Benetar's love is a battlefield video, it was very similar. Homeless people were marching down the street in what almost seemed to be a choreographed routine.At this point we had seen enough. Weary from travel, and clearly too fatigued to make a clear decision, Paul and I headed away from the homeless people, who were then congregating in the lobby, and into the elevator.There was a strange man in the elevator who repeatedly asked us to which floor we were headed. When we got out on the same floor, I was nervous. When I saw that the strange man was staying in the room next to me, I was more nervous. When I saw that we had an adjoining room with a broken lock, I panicked. We called downstairs. There was nothing they could do. I noticed blood on our curtains. A homeless man from the street below started yelling something at me. I tried to close the window, but there was no screen. That wouldn't have been a problem is we had AC in the room, but we didn't and it was very hot.At that point, we had had enough. We got on the phone with Orbitz, they coached us through the night, and by dawn, we were on our way to find a new hotel.  
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid! This is terrible! We stayed here for about 5 nights while visitng a friend in 2003. Our only view was of a strip club accross the street. It was a very bad area and felt uncomfortable every minute of being in this hotel. Service was nice and basic but the rooms were basic also. We were woken many nights with either a fire engine, police car or general noise/fighting.Avoid at all cost. Spend a little extra and go somewhere a little more safe!  
<Date>May 1, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The worse area I ever been to! Me and my wife checked in to the Hotel despite our taxidriver warned us about the area. And he was right! The area around the hotel was very frightning, with many homeless people, drug adicted and gangs staring at you. We desided to check out the hotel the same day we arrived, and got us a hotel near Union Sq (it麓s just 3 blocks from Renoir, but the differens is milewide). If you not are afraid of being robbed or even worse... stay at Renoir.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay Here! BAD location! Drug use and homeless beggers on the street. Several adult stores/clubs in the area. The heater in my room could not be turned off, therefore I slept with my windows open. I was afraid. Even when the windows were closed, the hotel was very loud. I'm not sure what the smell in the hallway was, but it wasn't pleasurable. Cab drivers laughed at me when I told them where I was staying. I never received my requested wake up calls and I was treated rudely by the front desk staff when I calmly complained.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Sandy-n-Ron
<Content>Better than expected After making a hasty reservation based on low cost for the city I went to Trip Advisor too late.As I read aloud to my family some of the horrible descriptions of this hotel that we were booked and already paid for( 3 rooms....2 grandparents, 2 kids and 3 adults)... we were ready for an interesting stay. At first we did have some difficulty checking in (the front desk guy was intially rude to my father and uncooperative, also a bit of a delay for the Valet to get the cars off the street). However, when Dan K. came out to the front desk all was better. He helped us with our rooms and apologized for the inital difficulties ( which I beleive was just due to langauge barriers as the hotel accomodates many languages). He also mentioned that they were working hard on changing the hotels reputation and his customer service did prove that.The lobby is very old world and uniquely decorated. The rooms were large  clean, and the 7th floor had a nice view of the city.The only real negative is the location, while it is close to many things including public transporation, at night the area is a bit scary.We did go out at night and were subject to large rowdy crowds and many homeless, one unrelentless pan handler would not leave us alone until the trolly picked us up 15 minutes later. [This is not the hotels fault as you will find this in other places in the city and in other large cities as well.]I would suggest this hotel as long as you don't have kids and take a cab to you destination once in the city.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel! I stayed at this hotel February 2006...I couldn't find anything else available because it was Chinese New Year...The area is the worst ever...looking out your window you either see homeless people, hawkers and adult sex shows...and I'm not a prude and I have travelled extensively...but...a dump is a dump!It was so noisy, even the pipes when someone else was having a shower or using their washroom...The staff are very friendly...but thats about it...parking is 30US per day...and until you walk a few blocks away you are constantly hounded by the homeless and my son was actually accosted by someone who pulled his shirt...So if you have to pay a little extra for your hotel, try and find something other than the Renoir, its only a 1 star dump!!!!  
<Date>Feb 13, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Nick_Murray
<Content>Absolutely perfect for the budget-concience weekend warrior My girlfriend  I stayed here on Feb 3rd-5th. We did see some homeless, and some adult stores. But I also saw a historic landmark in San Francisco, PERFECT location for public transportation, and the feeling of really experiencing downtown San Francisco. If you've ever been to a big city, wether it be L.A, Chicago, New York, or San Francisco, you are going to see the homeless hanging out on the corners pan-handeling. So expect it when you stay at a hotel in the MIDDLE of downtown!! The staff was very nice, we always had a clean room, and the lobby was nice. However, I do recommend having a pair of ear plugs if you are a sensitive sleeper. Overall, I would not bring my children here, ONLY because of it being more of a nastalgic stay at the Renoir, vs. a vacation or getaway type of place. Absolutely perfect for the budget-concience weekend warrior, couples who want to see the city  what it has to offer. Just remember the S.F Downtown area is actually very safe, just a litle rough aroung the edges...like anywhere else in the world!!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>thedjTT
<Content>Interesting, but.... Went there over New Year's and were really excited to get the top corner room...I think it's Room 211. The room was AWESOME, with windows on three sides looking to Nob Hill, all the way down Market to the Ferry Bldg, and also to the South Bay. BUT...the place has central heat and they don't turn it on until 6 PM every night. I imagine they turn it off around midnight...it was quite chilly in the room almost all the time and that was no fun. Even the quilt on the bed was hardly sufficient. Not the cleanest place in the world either...did not pass the hairs-on-the-bedlinens test. Oh yea, and bring ear plugs...the street does stay quite noisy. One more thing, parking can be $23-37 per night, too. No view can make up for all this, sadly.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2006
<Rating>2	3	5	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>dont stay here if!! The general state of the hotel is acceptable for the price and the staff are friendly enough... But the location of the hotel is awful. Its located oppisite a 'blue' moive theatre and is surrounded by several strip clubs and adult shops. There are alot of homeless people and guys trying to sell drugs. Had to be real careful walking back to the hotel at night  
<Date>Jan 27, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Attention fellow Aussies! This place sucks!       View of Market St from hotel  
<Date>Jan 8, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Quinonostante
<Content>Ruined A Family Christmas holiday We arrived at this 'hotel' on Christmas Day. After 19 hours travel we couldn't even get a drink or a cup of coffee!No porters,no restaurant working. The triple room we ordered wasn;t prepared for us. After much messing about they eventually put our three kids in a room with a put up bed. The very next day they tried to charge us $42 a nite for this room saying it was an upgrade which was nonsense since we'd booke one room for three and one for two.We ended up having a stand up argument over this issue with the duty manager Oscar. He was quite rude and unwilling to accept the issue was the hotels fault. The area in which the hotel is located is not condusive to a family environment in any way, the area is full of homeless persons and drunks. My 16 year old son was offered all kinds of things from cannibis to stolen electrical items.The adult cinemas etc offer their wares unashamedly, which is fine if that's where you thought you were going to be staying, but we didn't, and there was no prior way of knowing (the literature is misleading).Rooms are very basic, but the beds are comfy and clean. It is noisy due to the location and the lack of double glazing means you are woken early by sirens, garbage collection, drain cleaning, and other noise.We odered once from their restaurant, which was enough. I ordered a steak which was sent to my room in a styrofoam contaiiner with a plastic knife and fork!!Even though we'd booked and paid in advance (unfortunately), upon check out we were presented with a bill for $100 charging us for the use of the camp bed in the triple room. Talk about adding insult to injury.If you like seedy dumps with indifferent service then The Hotel Renoir is the place for you....otherwise avoid..like the plague!WARNING: Not a family hotel, no treble rooms without charge.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chanbru
<Content>Renoir Hotel: It ruined my honeymoon Now that I was looking for a hotel in SF for my 2 years marriage anyversary, I saw the Renoir Hotel here in this website. Last year, it ruined my honeymoon. The first person I was greeted by at the entrance of the hotel was a homeless. The room and furnitures were older than my granmpa. The parking garage closes its doors at midnight and we had to park in the street, therefore we had our rental car broken into. It was supposed to be a 4 nights stay. It ended up being only 2 for the obvious reasons. My travel agent refunded my money and felt very sorry for our experience. I hereby would like to express my regrets for staying at the Renoir. If only I knew it before ...  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Adequate but not great Myself and two friends have just got back from 10 days in San Francisco staying at the Renoir Hotel. The Hotel accomadation was ok - regulary cleaned and hot water, but there was no double glazing despite it being on a busy main road and in a down town location. There were alot of television channels, although I wouldn't rate any of these positively as American television is full of adverts and poor programmes. The location is down town, so you may expect it to be convenient for getting to see other areas here, it has a tram and bus stop right outside, so this was good, but it is not a place we felt comfortable in if venturing outside at night, unless immediatley on a bus or tram, as it is next to the plaza which was full of homeless people, loitering gangs smoking cannabis regularly, alot of other undesribles too - drug addicts and alcholoics who we regularly saw collapsed in the street just lying about the place with people walking over them. Alot of activity with police and fire sirens blazing all through the night (hence our surprise to find no double glazing) and also arrests, 3 or 4 of which we witnessed close to our hotel. Though these people were not aggressive at all and it is to be expected in a large urban city,it was intimadating venturing out atall, day or night. Due to the street (market street) the hotel is on, night time was worse, as there are lots of smoke shops and 'adult cinemas' and 'gentleman clubs' all lined along it, with the odd theatre or electrics shop. There were alot of breakfast places around though, so this was ok for eating, also only about 4 blocks from the bank of america and a few main shops up the street for grocerys or forgotten bits and pieces - shampoo etc.! The staff at the hotel were mostly foreign immigrants and we never got a smile when checking in or out, my friend got charged the extortinate rate oF $21 for a 30 second phone call home and we had to ask in the beginning for help with our luggage as there was no offer at all. The cleaners did a good job but often came round at different times knocking on the doors and coming in anyway at inconvienant times - due to them being chinese/vietnamise there was often communication difficulties in getting them to understand we wanted them to come back at a later time when we were out. In general it was ok, but it wasn't what we expected considering how much we'd paid to stay there, and we felt that out travel agents should have given us more information before booking, as they were very vague about the exact location and feel of the place, which I can now say from experience is gritty and seedy, not a holiday experiance I would wish to remember in a hurry.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing really wrong here We just had a 3 night stay here. The Hotel is fine and nowhere near as bad as some of the reviews here make it out to be. We only saw a handful of homeless folk and they didn't present a problem at all. The location is close to Union Square and the San Francisco Centre, and even Chinatown. We walked to all three with no effort. Sure, the Renoir is probably 2 or 3 blocks out of the main centre, close to strip clubs and adult theatres etc., but again, this didn't seem to be a problem. As for the Hotel itself, we found the staff very helpful, and yes, the lobby looks great. The rooms however are a little tired and would benefit greatly from an update and a few more facilities. However, all US hotels seem to be lacking in the facilities department when compared to those in Australia. The room was clean and serviced daily and the lack of a fridge or coffee making didn't really bother us.If you can get a good rate here I'd say give it a go.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Stay There! Horrible location, it's skidrow. Parking is a block and a half away so we had to park the rental car during daylight and take a cab everywhere in the evenings. What a waste. It made our mini vacation very stressful. There are homeless and drug addicts, I actually saw someone going to the bathroom in the street and he wasn't just peeing either and a woman asked me if I had methadone and I saw drug dealing going on - It was just horrible!  
<Date>Oct 31, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Fine Hotel I had booked three rooms at the Renoir Hotel in San Francisco. Last weekend, 7 of us stayed there.We were very pleased with the service and pleasantly surprised with the very clean rooms.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AustraliaBarb
<Content>Stay Away Loved San Francisco, hated Renoir. This must be the sleaziest place we have ever stayed.The staff are not at all helpful, facilities are nil, rooms are not clean and I wont even start on the location.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>matches the location It was interesting. A strip club across the street, ladies for sale on the corners and homeless people all around. Definitely the seedier side of town. We were awake all night with the loud music (on the fifth floor) only to find in the morning that the music was coming from the lobby! The staff, when you could get their attention, were mildly helpful and the rooms were sort of clean. We found the place on the Internet. Would we stay there again? My wife would cut them off if I suggested it.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>roughguide
<Content>Dirty, Gross, Disgusting I stayed there on March of last year and had to leave the next day after having stayed up almost all night because of some moron on crystal meth screaming at the top of his lungs all night. The next morning, I went out for coffee and had to take another exit out of the hotel because of the vomit right in front of the entrance. The place has a great staff, but it also has cockroaches. So, unless you're really desperate for a place to spend the night, don't go there.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give it a go... I visited San Francisco back in June and I can honestly say that I loved the city! The hotel reviews had me quivering with fear, yet when I arrived I was pleasantly surprised. Yes, there were a lot of homeless people around, but all in all I found them to be quite helpful (hence, asking for directions a few times or for recomendations of the best places to go) for a small tip of course. We usually caught taxis everywhere in the night, afterall they are so cheap why walk in the dark? I stayed on Mcallister street side, which I hear is a lot quieter and didn't get woken once in the whole six nights I stayed there. The rooms were clean (a bit outdated) but definately cleaned everyday by the staff. The hotel is located on 7th st Market, which was very central, yet I was informed by a San Fran citizen that 6th Market st (a block away) was a no go area at night.All in all a sucessful stay at the Renoir and great value for money!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TravelDazzle
<Content>Tired and Dirty Place This place has an impressive lobby.........but it ends there. The location is 10 minutes walk from Union Square - true, however it is in a dirty part of town.We stayed for 4 nights (prepaid) and checked out on the 2nd to seek a place where we could walk barefoot in the room. The place just feels dirty and is very noisy (...they even provide free EAR PLUGS in the room so you can sleep)Spend a little extra, avoid the homeless people and porn cinema, feel clean!  
<Date>Sep 26, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning: You're getting ripped off         
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renoir Hotel = good experience We (= my wife and two teenage daughters) stayed at the Renoir Hotel three weeks ago and cannot complain about anything regarding the hotel: it was clean, the (mostly European) employees were helpful and friendly, and the hotel is located in a convenient part of downtown, near bus and subway lines that allow tourists to go just anywhere in the city, and we paid a substantial amount less than what we were offered at other hotels in Union Square. It can be a little loud at night and we were lucky to get a room away from Market Street. But we saw homeless all over the downtown area, from Union Square to the Cable Car station and along Market Street, even in front of the luxurious Clift Hotel where we went for drinks with friends staying at Ian Shrager's latest acquisition. It's such a shame for this city not to take care of these people!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HATED IT!! For starters, the hotel is in a bad neighborhood. This was a family vacation, and I did not feel it was safe for my children. There was a XXX theatre across the street. As you walk in, the hotel looks okay, but the rooms smelled of smoke, mold, and urine. I took my family to another hotel in Fisherman's Warf and the atmosphere was far better.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Gemma Storey
<Content>Homelessville The actual hotel itself is OK, the issue we had was the location. This section of Market Street is full of homeless people and they are quite intimidating at times. we arrived at midnight and were advised by the hotel staff to order food in rather than go out and get it as we had planned to - thi was quite a shock to us as having just come from New York we thought we were hardened travellers who could face any streets! The next day we realised that actually, the hotel staff were so very right - I was woken up at 6.30 by someone threatening to kill someone else, and along the 1/4 of a mile or so walk to the nearest phone box the only people we saw were homeless. Hmm, nice... If you're a brave soul who isn't bothered by tramps etc then go for it,the hotel is nice enough and all the staff we dealt with were helpful. The decor in the rooms is a bit old fashioned but the main problem is the terrible location. Union Square wasn't up to much either, don't be fooled by the books as I was!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renoir, Not so bad After booking this hotel, I read some of the reviews on this site of the Renoir and was kind of worried about what to expect. My sister-in-law and I stayed here in May and had a good experience. I've traveled all over the world and stayed in many different types of hotels. This hotel was pretty average to me, not as bad as some reviews have said. But if you are looking for a luxurious hotel with all the amenities..don't stay here. I booked this hotel primarily because of it's location. It was very convenient to subways and cable cars. Union Square is only 3 blocks away.  I would not suggest families stay here because the area is pretty rough. There is a strip club across the street and I think the corner across from the hotel is the hangout for all the homeless folks in San Fran. When we were checking in the security guard (yes, there is one at the front door of the hotel) had to literally throw a homeless guy out of the front lobby because he was trying to lay down on one of the couches. We never felt unsafe though. And the rooms were very clean (old,but clean) and staff was very helpful. This is great hotel for travelers who want a cheap place to sleep (we got room for $70/nt on orbitz) and a place close to transportation. Bart and subways right across the street. Be sure and ask for a room facing McAllister. It's much quieter. We had no problems with noise.  Overall, a positive experience at the Renoir.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Renoir Hotel = Bad experience I had a real bad experience when staying at this hotel. Unfortunately I was fooled by the pictures and low price for the room. My experience was so bad that I want to share it with the readers of this website.Day 1:My first room smelled pesticide and I asked to be moved to another one. It would have been alright if not for the noise from the street. Too many homeless people walking and shouting throughout the night.Day 2:When walking back to the hotel at night, my boyfriend and I were approached by 2 men offering stuff to us 2 blocks away of the hotel. I was really scared. People shouting in streets again. Second night with no sleep.Day 3:Since I was so tired and not enjoying the place nor getting enough rest, I asked my boyfriend to check out and go to another hotel. We did it so. But we lost our money of the last night because the reservation was made at hotels and it was non refundable. I was Ok with that because I didnt want to ruin the rest of my trip. Then we checked out. Upon check out, we saw many other people checking out and complaining of the very same problems we had. I was so relieved after leaving that hotel.Overall this was my worst trip to SF. My advice to anyone that desires a nice and quiet hotel room: DO NOT STAY AT THE RENOIR HOTEL.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SueG1
<Content>AVOID THIS HOTEL AT ALL COSTS - IT'S DREADFUL The very worst hotel we've ever stayed in. Very bad dangerous area - full of prostitutes and drug lords - really scary ! Hotel room awful - no air conditioner, coffee maker - infact nothing. Charged for 1-800 phone numbers. Avoid this hotel at all costs. The Nob Hill Motel is half the price and offers a wonderful room, excellent free breakfast, free parking and delightful helpful owners. If only we'd known that before booking the RenoirHotel  
<Date>Jun 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as Bad as they say... After reading these reviews, quite frankly, I was dreading my holiday! But on arrival I was pleasantly surprised. The reception was friendly, and the room was reasonably large and bright. I asked for a room on the McAllister side as this was less noisy than the Market St side I was told. There were homeless people around but they never bothered us. I can understand why families with kids may be weary, but for people who want to be in a central location it is excellent. Tram stop directly outside to go to the Castro or to Fishermans Wharf. Excellent value for money. Nice donut shop below as well for breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't let the photos fool you Granted, the crack smoking, the (loud!) prostitute propositioning (at all hours of the night) and the pile of human feces on the streets just outside are beyond the hotel鈥檚 control, but this place falls well short of expectations. Its namesake would be embarrassed, no doubt far from impressed (get it?). For someone who鈥檚 rather lax when booking a place to stay to get riled up enough to actually complain publicly is testament to the overall crappiness of my experience here. Don鈥檛 be fooled by the overblown star ratings or promises of a 鈥渂argain鈥? If inquiring, be sure to ask about their parking accommodations-- $23 a day for an off site lot located a short but extremely shady 3 blocks away, or the $31 a day 鈥渧alet鈥?service. Apparently payment for the latter carries with it the right to be berated by the bell captain for not being considerate enough to call 20 minutes ahead of time when wanting to use your car. I waited one night for more than 30 minutes before mine showed up. Then, I had to have it back less than two hours later because the lot were it was going to be kept would close. Worst service ever, and I had to pay for it!While the front desk was helpful and the maid service amicable and friendly, the rest of the staff bombed. Never again!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We enjoyed our stay and recommend the Renoir My fianc茅 and I stayed at the Renoir in March and we had a great time discovering San Francisco from here. The price we paid was perfectly worth it, the room was freshly renovated the receptionists were friendly and helpful, and the location perfect for tourists who want to discover San Francisco at their own rhythm. We highly recommend the Renoir to any price conscious traveller.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Experience On February 25-26th I stayed at the Renoir Hotel because of its location. After leaving I was charged a cleaning fee for the room. I was told the fee was because of smoke odor in a non-smoking room. As I do not and have never smoked, I informed the hotel that the fee had to be a mistake and was treated dismissively and rudely by the hotel. I would hate for anyone to go through the same experience with this hotel that I have.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give it a try -- if you want the Ritz go to the Ritz I found the Hotel Renoir to be a great value to the bargain traveler to San Francisco. My son and I spent three nights at the Renoir for his audition for the SF Conservatory -- so it was not quite the business trip, but not quite a tourist experience. While Market Street is a bit sketchy at this location, it was not a major issue for a former New Yorker, though others could easily be intimidated. I never felt threatened. In just a few blocks north, Market becomes more up-scale as it abuts Union Square. The hotel has excellent access to public transportation right outside the door (including an easy BART ride from the airport right at the corner). The lobby is old Europe, as are the rooms -- but all were clean and tidy. The Brazilian restaurant is nice to have -- we got in rather late on a Sunday night and it was nice not to deal with the street, which doesn't have much nearby. The staff was helpful. There is wireless internet in the lobby, but not in the rooms. Our room faced Market and the trolley riding over the tracks and stopping at the door was a bit noisy at night. I may not want to stay there if I return with my wife, but all in all a good experience at a reasonable rate. I would rate it higher, but the location on Market can be a bit of a downer for many.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT GO THERE! Upon arriving at the Renoir it did not seem so bad but after spending a total of five minutes in my room and then attending a show that evening when I came back to the hotel I was accused of smoking in my room (which I had not been in for more than a couple of minutes the entire evening). I asked the manager to enter my room and check it when he let me back in and he refused. Neither my husband nor myself have ever smoked and I am in my 40's and am not a child (and didn't expect to be treated like one but was).I asked upon checking out the next morning for a receipt of any charges and was told that because I filed a dispute on the smoking there would be no charges, a few days later a charge appeared on my credit card for $167.10.Between the transients outside screaming, breaking bottles and fighting with each other and the plumbing and hot water pipes banging against the walls it was impossible to get any sleep whatsoever in a second floor room.This was the absolute worst hotel experience of my life and unfortunately it was the second night of our honeymoon. They also charged us for a third person in our room when there wasn't one. I don't know how they will prove these charges but it will be amusing to find out.If you have any choice in the matter, do not stay at the Renoir, no ventilation or air conditioning, so you HAVE to keep the windows open.Sincerely,A very dissatisfied but honest Customer who will never return to the Renoir  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what u paid for (Garbage Dump!!!) When me and my 2 girfriends booked with the Renoir hotel through Orbitz i heard and seen good reviews. but when we got here it was all but a fairytale. first of all some guy named soltare or something like that was cleaning his car outside and kept looking at us wierd i figured out it was the bell hop or whatever you wanna call it i. i was gonna ask him for help with our bags but got creeped out. when we went to the front desk the big tall spanish guy behind the counter carlo was very nice and helpful and checked us in right away and gave us info on sightseeing attractions, i wanted to go sightseeing. he also gave us info on local clubs we could go to. when i needed help with making a international call he showed me how and wrote it down for me. another person at the hotel that was helpful was the manager Jim or so. all and all the hotel stay was ok except for the homeless and crack addicts. we caught a cab everywhere we went and enjoyed the city. i would not recomend this hotel for poeple because its not up to standards, but if u do stay here make sure the manager Jim or that spanish guy carlo help u they are the best. i cant wait to go back to London.  
<Date>Feb 3, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>bring lysol and a gun San Francisco......enough said. My wife and I were really looking forward to a nice, romantic weekend alone after the holidays and decided to try something new. We bidded on and won a stay at the Renior Hotel on Market St. which allures itself as a quaint, Victorian style hotel reminicent of the olden days of a better city. Bulilt in 1909, it is triangular in shape and and has since been remodeled for more modern travelers.Fast forward to 2005. If you are into urine, vomit, homeless, porn establishments, contact with local law enforcement and the such, this will be your Disneyland. And this is all before you get to the front door! I am a former military police officer and am currently a lineman for a public utilites company and am use to working in the more difficult and dangerous areas of San Diego. I have spent my career going into homes and businesses and dealing with difficult people in dangerous areas but this was a total cartoon!! The hotel itself is as it is billed. Bulit in 1909, but hasn't changed much since. We had a heater in our room which looked alot like the radiator out of a '70s Ford pick up truck. I think the beds and bathroom were there more for decor as they weren't functional at all unless you just begged enough money or sold enough crack cocaine on the street out front to secure a room for the night. The paint and carpeting are obvious originals which adds to a very faint and definate odour to compliment the fact that you are in fact in the 5th ring of hell (refere to Dante's 'Inferno') However this is the only mentionable quality of the hotel as this actually masks the unique aroma of fresh puke and ---- arising from the bowels of the streets of San Franpuko. If the owners of The Renior are looking for a marketing ploy and need a catch phrase, might I suggest the following........The Renior Hotel.....only a gallon of gas and a matchstick away from perfection!!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A good deal Considering the price one is paying, it is a good deal. The rooms are spacious, clean, have radio, phone with voicemail, hairdryer, a compllimentary safe and lots of TV channels. Helpful staff. Needs to buy more portable heaters, they ran out them when we stayed ther in early January during a really cold weekend, and the central heating wasn't switched on until 7PM.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Renoir, not the taxi driver Last week we stayed at the Renoir hotel in downtown San Francisco. Our experience with this hotel was totally satisfactory, considering the excellent rate we paid and the excellent service we got for our money ( a big credit to the helpful young bellman). Our room (on the fifth floor, McAllister Street side which i recommend for being quieter) was large, clean and had everything we needed: a comfortable king size bed, bathroom, cable TV, phone and internet acces (although it was a relatively expensive dial-up connection). We were told they were in the process of upgrading all rooms to Wireless - great! We live in Santa Ana and fly to San Francisco quite frequently, especially on weekends. The homeless population that is visible allover downtown doesn't scare us, and last week it was very cold, so they were less visible than usual. Also, the city seems to be more aware that they have to take care of all these poor people and that they can't continue letting them hang out in front of hotels and restaurants wherever you go. We had one unpleasant experience though: the taxi driver who took us into the city tried to divert us from the Renoir, telling us that this was the worst neighborhood of the city and that he knew much better places for people like us (!), for the same price. Knowing exactly what to expect from our chosen hotel (which we had prepaid anyway), we declined to be brought to a different place (I won't give you the name), but he really insisted a lot. We both got the impression that he was somehow interested ($$?) in convincing hotel guests to follow him to a property where he potentially could receive a commission for his referral. So if you come to San Francisco, don't believe everything your taxi driver tells you, he might have his special reasons for giving you such advice.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel among homeless peoples Don't ever stay in hotels around Market Street area if you don't want to walk outside the hotel with feeling unsafe to meet big groups of homeless peoples. First, parking is a major problem. Because they know hotel guests would scare to park the car outside incase something happened so the hotel would take advantage to take more money from the guests. You want to save your money for the hotel but you have to pay more money for parking. $32 for valet parking or $23 for self parking per night hotel's price into parking rental's garage 2 block street across away that have a sign $15 per night. We always walk fast from parking area to the hotel. Which one do you think you want to choose? Consider to ask parking info first before booking the hotel. Better get more money for better hotel quality. Basically the hotel's room  room's service are ok, but one of bell man or front desk man in this hotel is not a very pleasant manner. We stopped the car infront of hotel for loading our shopping bags. He said,How about your car?He don't like we parked the car infront of the hotel because we have choosen self parking for $23 pernight. It's kind of annoying a little bit to see him everytime we walk to the lobby. My fiancee don't ever want to go back to any San Francisco hotel again because of his first hotel stay experience in San Francisco. We may decide to look for hotel in outside San Francisco like Monterey or San Mateo next time to enjoy more the hotel's facilities and surounding's area. I wish we could find perfect hotel to enjoy our sightseeing in San Fransisco.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, central location, excellent prices         
<Date>Dec 17, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>PetertheWolf
<Content>Great little place! My girlfriend and I stayed here on november 28 for 2 nights, and we enjoyed the renoir Hotel a lot! The lobby is totally cool, with gold decorations on Greek colums, nice music and a fantastic exhibit about the California missions. Also, the staff, especially at teh reception, were freindly and helpful. Very clean, the housekeeping people are good! Easy to get around, we used the trams on Market Street all the time.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not too bad The Hotel Renoir is a perfectly fine place to stay if you're doing a short trip to San Francisco. I'd say two nights and you've been to the city before. The lobby is nice and the rooms are a bit spartan, but are clean. The surrounding area isn't that great, but Union Square is a pretty short walk away.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Give it a Chance My husband and I stayed in the Renoir for a little over a week. We were terrified when we arrived, it was after dark and riot police were surrounding the area to keep the war protests under control. After fighting to get into the hotel and making it to our room, we wanted to go home. The room was small and had 2 double beds (we wanted one king or queen), it was pretty cramped and once we set up the ironing board, it was impossible to walk around in the room. Our window faced the rear so we were able to look out and see the building which housed very interesting people. We saw several fights and possible drug deals while we were there. The area immediately outside is scary, but there is a bus/trolley stop directly out the front door, so there's no need to walk around out there if you don't feel safe. The staff was really great, they helped us book several day tours that were fun. (Just hope that a guy named Gordy isn't your tour guide - he's awful). Don't eat in the Brazilian restaraunt unless you are Brazilian (we got some very intimidating looks, food was ok though). The #1 thing is, make sure you spend at least one night in the hotel bar with Manny the bartender. Even if you don't stay in the Renoir, go see Manny. He was awesome, really nice, interesting to talk to, and he gave us great advice on things to do and see. We had a drink with him every night we were there. Bottom line - you'll be shocked when you get to the hotel (especially if you booked online), but don't run away. You'll find it's a very convenient location with a very friendly staff and very affordable rooms. Say hi to Manny for us!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing wrong with staying here       as you can see the lobby of the hotel is very pretty  
<Date>Oct 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not very pleasant I stayed in San Francisco for a conference for four days in September. I can't remember why I picked this hotel but I guess I didn't read the reviews on this site. My first impression of the hotel wasn't so bad. The staff at the front desk was okay. The room was average, the bathroom was clean. There was a tv and the phone. I didn't like the view from my window. It faced the Market Street with all the XXX neon signs at one side, but luckily I was in the sevent floor, away from the street. At night there was constant sound of police sirens and people shouting  screaming. Walking around the place did not feel safe. There were numerous homeless people on the streets and homeys just hanging at the street corners. The street looked very bad with all the shops and stores I wouldn't want to step into. I walked the road side at the other side of the pavement, away from the buildings, just to be on the safe side. My moto was walk fast and don't look at anyone. I have to say that nobody ever bothered me or said anything to me. I felt bad for the elderly tourists from this hotel who walked the streets and probably had their own thoughts on how they got tricked into staying at this part of the city. It's sad that a hotel which was once probably quite a nice place got stuck in the nieghborhood like that. The only good thing about it was the close location to the Powell Street (about 10 minute walk). I would not want to stay at this hotel again and I would not recommend it to anyone I know and care about.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2004
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nightmare Hotel My husband, myself and our two teenage daughters have been on a fly drive this July. The last stopover was to be in San Francisco at the Renoir. What a nightmare of a place. It looked like a setting for an old Alfred Hitchcock movie. There are porn and sex shops to the front and a building to house the homeless and destitute at the back. There is a strange smell about the place and everything screams two star rating and under at you. We were booked into this particular hotel by a travel company that shall remain nameless. We didn't stay. We booked into a reputable hotel in Fisherman's Wharf instead. The vivid memories will probably stay with us for some time to come. We are only sorry that we have discovered this web site after being booked into that awful place. Had we discovered it earlier we would never have allowed anyone to book us into The Renoir. I still shudder at the mention of the name.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>washdctravel
<Content>Look Elsewhere To be fair to the Renoir, the hotel itself isn't a horrible dive. The rooms are standard, but definitely in need of an upgrade. The bathroom was okay, but a bit more hard work cleaning would have been appreciated.It's very cheap, so if you want a room that's just below average standard, the hotel will do. However, be aware that - as the other reviewers have mentioned - the Renoir is in a very seedy part of town.The homeless people didn't bother me, because I've always known that is a big problem in San Francisco. What got on my nerves was opening my curtains to a view of a porn theatre.I'm no prude, but to wake up each morning to the flash of a neon XXX wasn't very inspiring. It's weird, because about five minutes in either direction and you're in a much nicer part of town.If your budget is the main issue, then consider this place. But if your enjoyment is the main issue, look at somewhere in a cleaner, safer area, otherwise your heart will sink when you arrive.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Red Light district- law abiding citizens stay away The hotel is located across from a strip club, our first day in San Fran. while we were walking back to the hotel we were offered crack (so if you are a crack head this might be the hotel to stay in, easy access to strippers, hookers and of course drugs) The hotel manager told us that homlessness is a city wide problem, while there are a lot of homeless people in San Fran. the hotel seemed to be the headquarter. Let's not make a mistake, homlessness is not THE problem it is the location of the hotel and its other residents... They would not refund my money (I made reservation through orbitz.com) so we had to spend our entire trip there. A single woman should NOT stay in this hotel under any circumstances.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel - I really liked it. Really nice hotel. One of the cheapest we could actually find downtown....Yes, we saw somw homeless, if there are actually all around the city...It is quite sad...but we had fun!Staff was really nice and helpfull!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>An unexpected surprise The hotel lobby is decent. The rest basically like a Motel 6. The staff was excellent. HOWEVER...the hotel is surrounded on all sides by vagrants, druggies, dirty movies, peep shows, etc. I was afraid to walk around...took taxi's most places. The bus was fairly close so we had no problem during the day. Next time before booking a trip, I will check the internet. Staying in the neighborhood is not for the feeble hearted.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pay more money and stay somewhere else We were there in June 2004. Once you get past the lobby, the hotel is dingy at best. The hotel has no AC, which means that you need to keep the window open so that you can hear the trolley and the all night noise from the large population of street people very well. The huge neon sign on the porn theater across the street adds delightful ambiance to the experience, as do the inhabitants of the flop house across the street from the rear entrance of the hotel. Pay more money and stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nwalesguy
<Content>Not as Bad as Some Reviewers Suggest I have stayed at this Hotel on two different occassions the most recent being March, 2003. Yes the Hotel is located in an undesireable area. However, within 5 mins walk you are in the very attractive area around Union Square. I opted for an economy room last time I visited - this being an internal room meant that there was no street noise. The room was very clean and for the price was very good value indeed. Yes there are a lot of homeless people all around - however, in my experience they do not beg and did not hassle me at all. Just don't look like a tourist and you will be fine. This is an OK hotel for couples and single men - single women may feel a little more uncomfortable due to the location.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>NancyG13
<Content>Are you nuts? Oh my God! This is the worst hotel I have ever seen in my life. Escaping the 20-30 smelliest homeless people I have ever experienced I stepped into a run down dingy lobby. From there, the rude Manager checked us in. When we arrived in our room it too was dingy and seemed unclean. It was so small you could swing a sock around and hit all four walls. The sounds of sirens all night and screaming people in the streets didn't seem so bad after we found a cockroach on the wall. We checked out 3 days early, and would not recommend this experience to anyone at all. Do not stay here!! I would suggest sleeping in your car if you can't find any other place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice desk clerks but rude reservations We stayed at this hotel in early July. Somehow my co-worker couldn't make a reservation online, so I called the hotel directly in the morning. I asked about the hotel to someone who picked up the phone, and she explained very well and politely. Then, I was transfered to reservations to get the rate. I thought the reservations agent didn't know how to talk! He was talking to me like his friend or something. After I heard the room rate, he said do you wanna stay or not? I didn't feel any respect to customers. I needed to make our plan on that day and I had an okay deal, so I decided to stay anyway. The desk clerks and bellmen were very polite and helpful, which was very surprising, since I had a bad experience on a phone conversation. I recommend this hotel and staff except for the reservation agent....  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My experience at the Renoir..... I read some of the reviews before I decided to post my own feedback on the Renoir Hotel. I spent four days and three nights at this hotel and I had mixed feelings. The hotel has been renovated and in my opinion, I thought it was satisfactory. I wouldn鈥檛 necessarily give it a five star rating, but I would settle for a three star. The hotel was clean and the staff was pleasant. Our rooms were cleaned everyday and when I asked for an iron, it was brought to me within a few minutes. I had no complaints about the hotel. However, my mixed feelings came from the surrounding area. It was really bad. Once outside, it was a different environment. There were tons of homeless and drug dealers loitering near the vicinity of the hotel. My boyfriend and I literally witnessed a few drug deals. It was scary and so we tried to avoid that area as much as we could. We dreaded coming back to the hotel, but once inside, we felt safe. I do not recommend this hotel to single women traveling alone. But if you鈥檙e used to this type of scene, then the hotel is a good place to stay, plus the rates were very affordable if you鈥檙e on a tight budget.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Staying in the Getto On arrival at the hotel all you see are Homeless and poor people lying or sleeping in the doorways, it is not a very good place to be walking in as you are always asked for money by the beggars, The hotel was okay just, but in the wrong place the staff were trying there best. I would not recommend you go to this part of San Fransisco, if you were to visit then Fishermans Wharf is a nice area but that is about as good as it gets.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting Dump DON'T STAY HERE!! Going to this place was a horrendous experience. We opened the hideous curtains to our room and had a perfect view of the porn theater across the street. Two stores down the street there is another porn theater. Across the street from the main entrance is a residence hotel. The streets are filled with homeless, and the streets reek of urine and feces three blocks in every direction. The beds are old and saggy, and the towels have yellow stains and holes. The front desk guy even started hitting on my boyfriend! This is the worst place I've ever stayed in ever. DON'T MAKE THE SAME MISTAKE!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dodgy neighbourhood, nice staff We were scared to walk the streets at anytime in this neighbourhood. There are odd people loitering everywhere you look. We woke at 3am to people screaming and swearing in the streets below. When anyone on your floor flushes the toilet or turns on a tap you think you are being sucked into a vortex it is that loud. I feel sorry for the staff as they were nice, the area is just BAD! The 3 block, 5 minute walk to the cable car to Fishermans Wharf is even scary and you wonder whether you are even going to make it back to the hotel alive. It is porn city.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Porn overload A female friend  I stayed here and were not only disappointed, but were disgused due to the fact that we could not leave the hotel without being heckled by the homeless people who camp out front, and because just across the street is a totally nude club that is open until all hours of the night. This hotel is in an extremely noisy location with several other porno stores/clubs within a 1 block radius. I would not recommend this hotel to any one I know.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>excellent staff We stayed at Renoir Hotel in December. All employees were very nice and helpful and the room was clean. Seems like all front desk clerks were multi-lingual and know San Francisco very well. Even though there are many bad reviews on the web, I would recommend this hotel. You will see how good they are when you arrive. Very convenient to go to anywhere, friendly excellent staffs, historical building.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay Here!!!!! This is the worst hotel I have ever been in. The smell of this hotel was enough to ruin my trip but I couldn't tell that it was the hotel until I got through all the pan handlers out side. The chemicals they use to clean this place are even posted as a health warning in every room which I eventually narowed down as being the strange smell I was wondering about. The rooms are also crap. This place has been painted so many times it just looks like all the walls are sort of melting and the carpets must be original judging from the wear (I was affraid to walk on them barefoot they were so nasty looking). As for the amenities: Cable TV? HA!!! None while I was here! A safe in the room? That makes me feel safe. Nice bathrooms? There is a reason they don't post pictures of them! I have so many reasons for you not to stay here I don't have time or the patience to write about them. All in all, if you were to stay here I would suggest only paying the going rate at the nearest hostle.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>amilex
<Content>Centrally Located BUT........ My partner and l have just come back from staying in San Francisco. We landed back into the UK on Saturday 01st Nov 2003.We stayed at the Renoir Hotel. The entrance lobby had a nice other worldly feel to it, and transported you back to the opulence of the 19th Century. The girl on reception when we arrived was very nice, however the male staff we encountered on subsequent days were obviously not happy with their jobs and should perhaps search for some other career that does not involve dealing with the general public.The rooms could best be described as shabby chic. They were clean but had seen better days. Especially the bathroom where the shower took a good 5 minutes to spout hot water and then the stream was very weak. We arrived in the midst of an Indian Summer with temperatures hitting the 90F, and the hotel has no air conditioners. However we were supplied with a fan. Our room looked over an internal dingy courtyard. The plus of not having a view was that you didn't have to put up with the noise and sirens from Market Street.Twice we turned up late afternoon to find that our room had not been cleaned or made up. We called house keeping and they did send someone up promptly.On our first morning there we went down to the Cafe Do Brazil for breakfast which is attached to the hotel. The food was good but the service was appalling. The staff were so rude it was almost comical. For any Brits reading this a bit like Fawlty Towers only with a Brazilian Accent. Especially the older lady who was so rude as to be detrimental to the business. Needless to say we only ate there once. It was always empty and the most people l have seen in the restaurant during our stay was 8!!The hotel is located very near to the Tenderloin district and we had to run the gauntlet of homeless people some of which were either very drunk or very high on something. Others were just plain mad. A couple of times l found them near the entrance of the hotel taking a pee. During the day although harrowing it was passable at night l felt distinctly ill at ease.Having said that the hotel if, it could sort something out about the hordes of homeless is in a very central location within easy reach of the main shopping areas and BART and the Electric Trams and buses are all within a few feet of the hotel.Granted the hotel was cheap but it was reflected in its overall appearance and service, and having worked in the Travel Industry for many years l personally would not recommend this hotel to any of my clients. It is down as a boutique hotel but l feel that it does not meet the requirements for such a title as its over all appearance of is neglect. Perhaps if they could put into the rooms the same attention to details as they do to the lobby it would have a much better overall effect. However for a single lady traveller this is not brilliant as the homeless and druggies are a real nuisance and can be very menacing at night.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stop here...Just keep looking!!! Me and a couple of friends stayed at the Renior Hotel over the Halloween weekend and we were not pleased by not only the Hotel itself but by the service. The service was really bad. Those people do not care about the customers. They were really rude! First of all they didn't have record of our reservation, then they charged my friedns credit card twice. They charge $25 for valet parking A DAY...(which I somewhat understand because parking is crazy over there), I just finished paying $50 in valet parking and as we were leaving they wanted to charge an extra $10, to cover and extra 3 HOURS of valet parking, we asked for a reciept and they would not give us none, which sounds fishy to me and to top it off....he was being really rude!! They were also being really rude to the customers before us trying to check out, the man just kept saying Just charge there credit card without the customers consent!! Arrrrrrgh! I must say, I will never return to this Hotel again. By the way I surely won't miss our Hotel view of a XXX theatre show and bums. To all you looking for a Hotel just keep looking!!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RoamingRoaming
<Content>Dodgy Area   showReview(1374471, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't go here! Bad location.   showReview(1109316, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 26, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for public transport   showReview(1024109, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms decent, Vagrants outside, NOT!   showReview(987468, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel in the 'Hood   showReview(985994, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hotel was wonderful,but the neighborhood wasn't!   showReview(932861, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nighttime was a bit scary   showReview(826129, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2002
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Not what you expect....   showReview(658061, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MIRKOB
<Content>Obrobrio   showReview(20575024, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	2	1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍊ゆ銇犮亼瑕嬨倠銇?#x201d;   showReview(20753185, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銈傘亱銇枫倞銈?> 銈傘亱銇枫倞銈?</a> </div>
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇簝銇嬨仯銇?#x201d;   showReview(19986222, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>labellaangela
<Content>se volete una esperienza "forte", questo hotel fa per voi!   showReview(19968856, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>batroka
<Content>hotel da paura   showReview(19857178, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	1	-1	-1	

<Author>gb26100
<Content>hotel m茅diocre   showReview(18890319, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	4	2	

<Author>DejParis
<Content>Tristounet   showReview(18832417, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Ros_8
<Content>Aceptable   showReview(18413623, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DITOCHACO
<Content>Hotel aceptable en zona desagradable       Vista del hotel  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	2	3	1	

<Author>celine69
<Content>sans plus   showReview(17982376, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	2	4	4	3	3	

<Author>RARVALL
<Content>Zona insegura   showReview(16670292, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绱般亱銇偟銉笺儞銈广倰姹傘倎銇亜鐢锋€у悜銇嶃亱   showReview(19171634, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>mcjr80
<Content>Alrededores inseguros   showReview(16352593, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19170520, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kepamk
<Content>Pudo haber estado bastante mejor   showReview(14879102, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	3	1	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Somes
<Content>Bitte vermeiden Sie das Renoir!   showReview(14655253, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>noos
<Content>H么tel interessant mais rue !!!!   showReview(14467216, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夈仌閲嶈銇柟銇伅銉斻儍銈裤儶锛?#x201d;   showReview(19169692, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>guenter1959
<Content>Halten Sie hier nicht an   showReview(13426294, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	4	3	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤伅銇勩亜   showReview(19168410, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>蹇仼銇儧銉嗐儷銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19168388, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈€鎮仹銇椼仧鈥?#x201d;   showReview(19167225, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Sandra34
<Content>bel h么tel mais quartier... sp茅cial       vue de la chambre  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	4	5	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>F眉r kurzen Aufenthalt geeignet   showReview(11306433, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>atomikbr
<Content>un posto INFERNALE!   showReview(10024608, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	2	2	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娌诲畨銇犮亼銇屾渶鎮仹銇欍€?#x201d;   showReview(19164742, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>BOLOCO21
<Content>Bon h么tel bien situ茅   showReview(10001975, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Loccitan
<Content>pourrait 锚tre bien MAIS.......   showReview(8839931, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>2	3	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ伀銇嬨亸浜ら€氥伄渚裤亴鑹亜銆?#x201d;   showReview(19163527, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣旇純鐨勫畨銇勫銈掓帰銇椼仸銇勩倠浜哄悜銇?#x201d;   showReview(19163236, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫伄鐪熸闈仹銇椼仧銆?#x201d;   showReview(19162567, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿鑷韩銇竻娼斻仹鑹亱...   showReview(21802629, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈堛亸銇亜銆傛不瀹夈€佹偑銇?..   showReview(21802433, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>2006骞?1鏈?鏃ャ€?鏃ャ伨銇э紥娉娿仐銇俱仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(19159391, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JAPEPE
<Content>Punto de partida para visitar San Francisco   showReview(5834891, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon hotel , mais tres mal plac茅 juste au coeur du quartier SDF   showReview(11348365, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pessimo hotel   showReview(11337140, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 30, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂嫥銈併仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19158390, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇嗐倠銇曘亜   showReview(19158296, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>楱掗煶銇屸€?#x201d;   showReview(19158276, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>姣嶃仺浜屼汉鏃?#x201d;   showReview(19157255, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椐呫倓銉愩偣鍋溿亱銈夎繎銇忋仸...   showReview(21800907, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>锝硷緥锞烇蒋锝革骄锞濓線锝伴...   showReview(21800890, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍛ㄨ竞銇亰涓栬緸銇倐銇勩亜...   showReview(21800865, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 10, 2006
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉偣銈裤儍銉曘€佷氦閫氥偄銈偦銈瑰叡銇壇濂?#x201d;   showReview(19155157, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠曚簨銇э紬娉娿仐銇俱仐銇?..   showReview(19923561, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

