<Author>Cinnam0n
<Content>Great time at the Alexix We stayed there for weekend getaway paired with a business meeting. The primary reason for selecting the hotel was the location. We wanted downtown and we wanted to be near Pike's. The hotel was great for that....excellent location within walking distance to great shopping and the Seattle Musuem. We checked in 4 hours before checkin time and they happily accomodated us. The room is very nicely decorated, as is the entire hotel. We were on a street facing room which is great for people watching but bad for noise. But noise is to be expected to a certain extent so I didn't think it bothersome. Room was comfy and cozy and the bathroom was great. Also had a great time a at the Library bar. Valet is expensive (30/day) but is pretty standard for that area. Would definitely stay again!  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Decompress
<Content>A great boutique hotel       Mirror  beautifully gaudy wall paper  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>LOinOregon
<Content>Lovely, but excruciatingly noisey Wouldn't have been so upset, but called a week in advance to request the quietest room in the hotel and was assured all would be well. Upon pre check in once again reiterated my need for quiet room location, ditto on final check in that night. Was assured rooms on 4th floor  well above any street noise! I beg to differ, at 11:30PM people screaming and shouting, followed by wailing ambulance on 1st Ave first woke us. At 2:30AM was a chopper raping his pipes hard. At 3:30AM an impromptu drag race ensued with a couple cars winding up their engines then full screeching tires as they roared off. By 4:30AM I was in the lobby waiting for coffee service to begin at 5AM. My husband who normally sleeps through a hurricane also was Sleepless in Seattle.Room was exceptionally nice (linens, amenities, etc.), but all we wanted after 8 hours on our feet at the wine show and the drive up from Portland that morning was some sleep.In fairness, front desk was exceptional and did their best to try and make it up to us. After the fact we learned there'd been a shooting near by something the hotel would of course have no control over. Nevertheless, caveat emptor unless you're extreme sound sleeper!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>2	1	5	1	5	2	5	-1	

<Author>SanDLB
<Content>Terrible Experience!!!! We had expected that for $400+ a night we would have been met with friendly service and a nicely kept room at the very least. The rooms were nice except for the fact that when we returned from sight seeing at 6pm none of our party's three rooms had been cleaned! Our phone didn't work, and room service took over an hour to get a turkey wrap (that tasted terrible)!Do not go to this hotel if service is your thing! We were treated with extreme disrespect by the two employees we encountered at the front desk! WHAT A TERRIBLE FIRST IMPRESSION!!! I WOULD NEVER GO BACK!  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	2	1	1	3	

<Author>iluvmyshihtzu
<Content>Alexis Hotel is reasonably Seattle elegance!!!       Wine Reception hour in the lobby  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Pete_Sampson
<Content>Excellent value for boutique hotel I booked Hotel Alexis without knowing much about it other than it fit into the nebulous boutique hotel category that can end up in feast of famine. Hotel Alexis certainly fits into the former. From start to finish of my three-day stay I was impressed. The staff was helpful when I need them and the rooms are nicely appointed. Some boutique hotels feature cold and even impractical architecture, but I certainly did not find that to be the case here. Alexis benefits from a prime location too, just blocks from the Market and the art museum.I was surprised to see that this hotel is dog friendly, but there's certainly little evidence that pets have taken over the hotel. I did see a couple dogs in the lobby (attention if you have allergies). The hotel features a separate restaurant and bar, although I never stopped by either.If you're looking for a near-luxury hotel at a reasonable rate, I strongly recommend this property.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>justme2112
<Content>Yet another great experience. I had stayed at the Alexis years ago while in Seattle on business. (At the recommendation of our local sales office.) It was wonderful then and was even more wonderful this time. Each interaction we had with the staff was friendly and fast. The person travelling with me (his first time to this hotel) said he would definitely be back as well. Since we are both pet lovers, the welcome sign for pets was a nice touch -- even though our four legged friends were at home. It was great to see people come through the lobby with their dogs.The manager's wine reception each evening allowed us to meet other guests. Each evening we ended up spending a long time talking with fellow travelers. The only problem was we lingered so long that dinner came quite late. (especially when your stomach was still on east coast time!)  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DR55
<Content>Disappointed! From previous reviews on this site, we were expecting incredible service at this hotel. Imagine our surprise when our greeting from the front desk person as we checked into the hotel was lukewarm at best. That was only the beginning of a dismal introduction to this hotel. Our booking for two rooms through Whatahotel.com indicated we might have an upgrade if available and we received continental breakfast each morning. I had to ask about the upgrade (which we were not given) and I had to ask about the breakfast which was given grudgingly. Once we were finally shown to our room, it was not as we booked. It was a standard king and we had reserved a deluxe king. If we had not said something, we would not have been given the correct room. The room itself was lovely and all others at the hotel were very gracious. Given the price of the room and our initial welcome at check-in, we would not stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	5	1	2	-1	

<Author>JaseB
<Content>Simply a Great Hotel This hotel was fantastic. From the moment we stepped in the door we were treated like their best guest. The hotel was busy, but the staff still managed to attend to our needs and make us feel like we were the only ones at the hotel.The wine tasting at 5pm everyday was a nice touch. A glass of wine, meet some guests and mingle with the fantastic staff. Was a great time for relaxation.The hotel is also in a fantastic location. Only a few blocks to Pike Place.We didn't have a view from our room (which was probably the only negative part). Everything else about the hotel though, made up for it :)Definitely stay here on your next visit to Seattle.Well done Alexis  Kimpton on demonstrating what a hotel should be like.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kscpdx
<Content>Alexis is Wonderful!       Just a portion of our lovely room in the spring.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>seven21
<Content>Great weekend at the Alexis! What a fantastic hotel in a great location! We booked the Seattle Art Museum Suite and it was simply amazing. The room was huge with a large dining and living area with sectional couches. There was also a powder room (half bath) accessible from the living space. The walls are decorated with nice artwork that looks to be available for purchase. The bedroom was large with a very nice bed and windows that open up to see 1st street below. The main bathroom had a jetted tub and a separate (small) shower. I also liked the exposed brick along the back wall of the rooms. The room simply felt comfortable and the service was great. The concierge was extremely helpful when we had a few questions upon arrival. The bar is cozy and the restaurant serves an excellent breakfast. I highly recommend the Alexis Hotel for anyone looking to stay in a cozy, comfortable setting with impeccible service. The attention to details and variety in the decor make this feel more like a home away from home!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CruiseMoose
<Content>What a Lovely Small Hotel! We just spent one night here, pre-cruise. I wish it could have been more. The hotel was lovely, the people friendly, the location perfect, and our room was funky, cool and comfortable! We had a corner room on a lower level. I was afraid we might be bothered by street noise but, honestly, we didn't hear any noise from the street or the halls or anywhere else. That was fabulous because I'm a very light sleeper. The bed was tremendously comfortable as were all the other room furnishings.The only issue we had was with breakfast service. When I returned home I had an email survey waiting for me which I completed and returned. In it I mentioned the problem. Within 20 minutes I had a very nice response from the food  beverage manager apologizing for the problem. What a surprise! I never expected that. But that's just true of our whole experience with The Alexis......everything surpassed our expectations!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>psnth2
<Content>Could be better However good a hotel looks, and the Alexis has a magnificent decor, when I stayed there, I couldn't help but notice that some of the basics have been overlooked. Firstly the shower was pitiful - on full power, I barely got wet, such was the weakness of the pressure, and the temperature was never more than lukewarm. Secondly, there was the horrible throwback of the overpriced mini-bar, except this one, wasn't hiding in a cupboard, but right on the middle of the desk...which means that if you're staying with an exuberant child, you better hide the sweets or you'll get laced with a big bill. On the plus side, the staff were friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Viva_la_Spartans
<Content>Alexis is wonderful Can't say enough about the Alexis. We were lucky enough to stay in a corner room, which was massive. Service was outstanding and the location was perfect for all of the main sights (market, Pioneer Square, etc). Highly recommended.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrFabulouz
<Content>Wonderful My wife and I spent our 3rd anniversary at the Alexis Hotel and had an amazing time! Our room was beautiful and romantic, my wife was overjoyed. I highly recommend the Alexis to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Travler54
<Content>Kimpton Quality We had a nice one night stay at the Alexis. Great location and staff was very helpful. The room was quite small, however.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>RonBen
<Content>They don't get any better than this I have traveled far and wide. I have stayed in dozens of hotels. This was the best one for the money!!! A combination of:1. Best location; 2. Great services; and 3. Tasteful d茅cormakes it one of the best hotels in the US. If you are in Seattle, don't hesitate to stay there. I highly recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>herculepoirot
<Content>Behold the new Alexis! We stayed in one of the new suites -- Asian Art, I believe-- and it was one of the most gorgeous and luxurious suites I've been in for awhile.This is not the Alexis, I remember. The remodel was more than just a paint job.Stunning new common areas and gorgeous new rooms! I'm don't know what happened to the restaurant though, as I don't believe they serve dinner there anymore.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shastinag
<Content>Wonderful! What a wonderful hotel! The staff was exceptional.....we happened to arrive a few hours before check in but within 20 minutes our room was ready for us. I had booked a King Suite through WhatAHotel.com and not only was it the cheapest through them but they promise an upgrade at arrival. Wow! is all I can say...we were in a King Spa Suite which was beautiful, the most comfy beds, awesome shower, and HUGE! The location could not have been more perfect. We actually had a view of the water from our room. Continental breakfast was delicious with homemade muffins. We only wish we could have stayed longer. Of course we will stay at the Alexis again as well as book any future hotel stays with WhatAHotel.com Jim and ShastinaSutherlin, Oregon  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Northwesterly
<Content>Great Hotel Having had an initial contretemp with them about being put in a standard room, rather than the deluxe room we had booked, our two stays with them were great. Hayden sorted out the room issue as soon as she could and was true to her word. 1st Ave rooms can be a little noisy with boy racers with their exra loud exhaust pipes going by, so my tip is to book a room that faces inwards will get you a good night's sleep. The rooms we had were plush, stylish, comfortable and well cared for but maids trying to get into the room in the early evening when you're between outfits can be a little unnerving!Very convenient for both Pike Place Market, Pioneer Sq and the waterfront without tackling the somewhat severe hills in Seattle - you don't see too many overweight people in Seattle!Russell, the concierge, couldn't be more helpful and the tall bell hop is great to watch calling you a cab. Great bar, good beer and good ambiance with good looking staff who couldn't be more helpful.Would I stay there again? Absolutely.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jaxncjax
<Content>Great hotel Overall a very nice hotel. Rooms were very clean and hotel was quiet despite being right downtown. Very convenient location due to close proximity to popular markets and shopping areas. The best part was the Library Bistro which is the adjoining hotel restaurant. Our group ate breakfast there every day and we all agreed the food was outstanding.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Solochicky
<Content>Great location, lovely room       Sink and vanity (with drawers)  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	3	3	

<Author>wanderingelves
<Content>Parties until 5:30 am The Alexis was lovely. Beautifully set a part from other hotels, front desk workers hospitable and kind. A perfect hotel...until our neighbors had a party until 5:30 in the morning. The front desk worker was completely ineffective at quieting the gathering, despite repeated phone calls from ourselves and others on our floor. When I went down to speak to him at 5am, he suggested that if it was bothering me, I could call the police. Such a disappointment for our one night retreat in Seattle!!! I would recommend this hotel to any one who wishes to have a party until 5:30 in the morning, but not for anyone who books a hotel to actually get some rest.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	5	5	1	-1	

<Author>blk47rs
<Content>What a great room!       the sitting area.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>DSSenn
<Content>Wonderful Hotel       Bed  
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SEAWAEASTLAKE
<Content>Amazing Wedding Night! I stayed at the Alexis Hotel the night before my wedding and the night of my wedding in the Honeymoon Suite. It was the perfect place to get ready for the big day with my bridesmaids. The staff took excellent care of every need we had (which was plenty due to 7 ladies getting ready!). The room was immaculate when my husband and I arrived after the wedding. We had a lovely experience and would highly recommend the Alexis Hotel.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>trippin76
<Content>Most comfortable bed ever Loved the Hotel Alexis!My boyfriend ad I stayed here two nights in June and loved everything about it. Upon check-in the staff was very friendly, got us into our room early and gave us a walking map of downtown.The room (king bed) was small but nicely decorated and comfortable. The bed was the best! SO comfortable.We just melted into it. I wanted to take it with us when we left.The bathroom was large and stylish. Enjoyed the Aveda products.The location of this hotel is great too. Walking distance from Pike Place Market (about 3-4 blocks) and right on a bus route if you want to go further away. Busses are free in downtown Seattle. I would stay at the Alexis again, no question.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Austin-1975
<Content>Lovely boutique hotel with great service Like other reviewers, we found this to be a charming hotel. Location was very convenient to Pike's Market, wharf and museum of modern art. The hotel staff was very friendly and accommodating. We did have some issues with valet, as other reviewers had. We did not try room service, so cannot comment on the price. We did have breakfast one morning in the hotel dining room -- food was good; prices were a bit high, as most hotel restaurants are. Our room was big, with a desk, sitting area, and all the amenities expected of a 3-4 star hotel. It was our anniversary, and when we mentioned this to the hotel staff, we found a bottle of wine and some chocolates in our room later -- very nice, and unexpected.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ORStarr
<Content>I'd Love To Just Move In!!! My daughter and I just returned from an incredible three night stay at the Alexis Hotel. We had a fabulous time! The staff at the Alexis were wonderful. We arrived 2 hours prior to check in and were met at the bottom of the stairs by a hostess from the Library Bistro who carried our suitcase up the stairs and stored it for us while we had lunch in the Bistro.Lunch at the Bistro was wonderful, our waiter was great (we had him both days we ate at the Bistro) and the bistro is a lovely relaxing place to eat. The steak was perfectly cooked and the profiteroles were amazing!The Front Desk staff checked us in early and they gave us the higher floor room I had requested. I had booked a Deluxe King but I suspect we were upgraded as our room was really rooms.We had a huge living room and dining room area with a couch and 3 chairs and a large flat screen TV. It was a corner room with window with huge windows overlooking downtown on two walls. We could even seen the harbor from our room. The view at night was beautiful.The rooms were gorgeous! I would have loved to have taken our floor lamp home. As a plus both the couch and the chairs were comfortable as well as being beautiful.The computer desk was great! Easy access for charger plug in and plenty of desk space.We had a HUGE dining room table which came in handy for our room service orders.Speaking of the room service it was wonderful. They are fast and friendly and the food options are yummy, even when you are calling them at 1 in the morning. It was really nice to be able to have an all night menu to choose from if you get in late and the butternut squash soup is wonderful!Our bathroom was gorgeous and had a wonderful rain shower and a nice long tub that you can get comfy in.Our separate bedroom had two huge windows with a gorgeous view. The bed was TO DIE FOR and worth checking into just to sleep in it or lounge around and watch our flat screen TV. Also the rooms had heavy silk curtains that totally blocked out light and made it so very easy to sleep in!The location of the hotel is great for a tourist visit. You are right by the waterfront with the boat tours and the pier shops as well as within walking distance of Pike's Place Market and Pioneer Square. Note to those who don't love to walk, if you take Spring St downhill to the waterfront you can walk to Pike on flat land. If you stay on 1st you will have a hill. If you do walk the hilly way go to Piroshky Piroshky in Pikes and reward yourself with baked good guilt free ;) The doormen were helpful as well for those times when we were too lazy to walk and wanted a cab and the concierge services we helpful with getting us bus information.I am completely sold on The Alexis and will never stay anywhere else when in Seattle and will recommend them to my friends and family.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	-1	5	5	-1	

<Author>WarmVacations
<Content>Nice hotel, great location I stayed here on business and found the location easy to get to and leave for the airport. Room was well appointed, with large windows facing an office building 50 feet away... but the curtains worked. My room was fairly small, while others in my group had huge rooms. I did not give this hotel a higher mark because of those differences and the very expensive food was just that.. expensive and average. We walked down the street, 2 blocks, and found a ton of GREAT restaurants right on the wharf. I also used the spa, which is independent, and attached to the hotel. I was able to charge to the room. The massusse was awful, so make sure you ask about how he will do your massage. The perfume shop would not let me charge to my room because the hotel pays very slowly. I would come back, but request the larger rooms. It is trying to be a very special place, but hasn't gotten their yet. I will say the staff are very very friendly, and helpful. But I get that now in holiday inns now as well.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>TopTownUSA
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location The Alexis is in a wonderful location. Close to anything you would possibly want to do in downtown Seattle. Just a few blocks from the water front, pioneer square and pikes place market. The space needle and big shopping areas are a tad bit farther of a walk but absolutely doable. The front door staff was very helpful when asked for directions or opinions on activities and always greeted us as we came and went. They were very quick to call a taxi for you and were just all around great people. The hotel was very clean and quiet. The only noise we heard was one early morning some pounding in the streets from some kind of construction. It was not related to the hotel or the hotels fault. We drove from Kansas (26 hours) so I really wanted to have a massage in our room but wasn't able to locate anyone who had any idea who I needed to contact in order to schedule one. It was listed on the room service menu so I know they existed. The attached salon is apparently not the correct place if you would like a massage in your room. I would have settled for one at the salon but they were completely booked for our entire stay. Oh well, it wasn't too big of a deal. I have only two small complaints. Room service is VERY expensive. All the delivery fee/service fee on top of the meal prices you will easily drop well over 50 bucks for a small meal/snack. However the food was very good and fairly timely. One night we ordered cookies and milk for a small dessert. The hotel didn鈥檛 have any baked but said they were putting them in right away and would bring them as soon as they were done. We called about 15 minutes before it was time for room service to shut down for the night. About 45 minutes to an hour later they finally showed up with them. They were very apologetic and gave us a few extra cookies and didn鈥檛 charge us at all for them because they took so long. Not only did they not charge us, but they even stayed late to bake them and deliver them to us. To me that is great service. They didn鈥檛 wait for us to complain about the long wait, they were proactive in the situation and made sure we were happy. We wouldn鈥檛 have complained anyway because we are very laid back people but the fact that they went out of their way to do that for us was very personal and heartfelt. The other complaint is when we were leaving we called ahead for our car to be retrieved. We waited the 10 minutes like instructed and then lugged our suitcases to the lobby. No one had any idea who was supposed to have gotten our car. We waited another 10 to 15 minutes for someone the find out who should be getting our car. Like I said these are very small nitpicky thing that happened on an overall wonderful trip. We will definitely stay there again if we should ever go to Seattle again.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>the-traveling-gal
<Content>Excellent Stay WOW! What a fantastic stay. This hotel is perfectly located, we walked almost everywhere from there. The rooms are spacious and decorated beautifully. I was offered and accepted an upgrade and had a fabulous suite for my stay.My whole family stayed there before a cruise and each of the 5 or 6 rooms were decorated differently and shaped differently, really a cool place to stay. The front desk was warm and welcoming also. The food in the restaurant, on property, was wonderful and the bar in the front of the building, what a great little find. We all met up there upon arrival. It was great and seems to be enjoyed by people from the area also.All around great find and will definitely stay there on my next visit~!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hardtopleasetexan
<Content>Wonderful place to stay! We stayed at this lovely hotel in May. We arrived early - no problem. We were quickly assigned to a one bedroom corner suite with terrific views. The staff was extremely helpful. We would definitely stay here again!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BethanyB26
<Content>Love Love Love       living room in alexis 1 bdrm suite  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>da32528
<Content>Cleaning fee not cool... There is a cleaning fee if you smoke in your room.. the fee is $250.00, the hotel has mis-understood a recent law in Washington state banning smoking. The law does NOT apply to hotel room's and a $250.00 cleaning fee is rediculous. All hotel's should accomodate ALL guest type's and not be in the UN-hospitality business but the hospitality industry.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Franklina
<Content>Great hotel and location We stayed at the Alexis Hotel in mid-May and found it to have a great location as well as being very clean and updated. The hotel is about a ten minute walk from Pikes in one direction and 5 minutes from Pioneer Square in the opposite direction. Our room was very big on the fourth floor with two queen size beds. We would definitely stay at this Kimpton property again.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SpicynShellie
<Content>Totally Wonderful Hotel and Experience The Alexis is a magnificent jewel in the West Edge neighborhood of Seattle. Beautifully appointed with eclectic and unique art and furnishings thoughout. Front Desk and Bell Staff absolutely helpful and friendly. Room was beautifully decorated with modern art and 5 amazingly different lamps, plasma screen TV, and 3 large windows that opened wide to bring in the gorgeous city air. The bed was a dream to sleep on. Lovely cotton sheets and extremely comfortable mattress. Bathroom chock full of Aveda products, plentiful luxurious linens, phenomenal shower head with good flow. Love the robes that are available for purchase. Only 2 blocks to waterfront and 6 blocks to Pine Street (the Retail Core) and Pikes Market. The # 18 bus runs on First Avenue where the Alexis is located and is free in the downtown area. If you take the #56 bus just south of Madison and First you can get out to Alki Beach for just $3.50 round trip. McCormick and Schmicks Seafood Restaurant is the best for seafood and you can sign to your room at the Alexis. Restaurant is half block north of the hotel. Complimentary coffee in the lobby is excellent as is the complimentary evening wine tasting. Be sure to put an Early Housekeeping sign on your room door if you plan to return to your room midday otherwise you may wait for your room to be cleaned. Housekeeping Staff was flawless and paid attention to every detail. Stacks of New York Times, Seattle Times. and The Wall Street Journal are available for free in the lobby. I enjoyed jumping out of bed, grabbing a cup of coffee downstairs and bring the papers back to my room. A complimentary Seattle Times paper is delivered to your room daily. If you need quiet during the day and want to keep your windows opened, I would suggest asking for a room away from the front of First Avenue. That being said, I enjoyed my room facing First Avenue and the noise didn't bother me but I was not conducting business on this trip. Pet friendly, no hidden charges, makes this hotel the #1 pick in Seattle for me. I plan to frequent Kimpton when I can because of their strong committment to the environment and giving back to the community. What amazed and delighted me was that each room had a recycling container and a trash can. This is unprecedented in the mega corporate hotels that I normally frequent. Alexis and staff, you truly wowed me.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Taupa
<Content>Fine Boutique Historical Hotel The hotel is tastefully renovated with fine art and furnishings. Rooms are extremely comfortable with fine linens. The staff make your stay more than pleasant. Experience the Library restaurant where they serve one of the best breakfast French Toast I have tasted worldwide. Hotel is close to everything if you enjoy walking a city. Charming and quaint best describe this 1889 built hotel that has recently been renovated. The hotel is owned by Kimpton Hotels and they have put a lot of money into their recent renovation with no skimping on anything.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nycgeorgian
<Content>Lovely Hotel Perfect Staff Best of the Best First Class All the WayMy friend and I stayed at this lovely hotel for 4 nights. First, the staff is wonderful. Our reservation got mixed up, but Drew quickly fixed the problem. And, did it with the flourish of a Hotelier of old. Perfect. He also made wonderful dinner and tourist suggestions. The other members of the front desk staff, Sophie was one, were friendly, professional, informed and just very pleasant. The room was lovely, and had a comfortable feel. Room service was delicious. There was not a request made that wasn't taken care of quickly and courteously. Better than courteous -- with a friendship, like we were visiting relatives. Didn't want to leave and look forward to returning on our next trip to Seattle. We travel 40 - 50 nights a year, the Alexis was a high spot. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Alexandria91910
<Content>Absolute BEST hotel I've Ever Been too! The Alexis Hotel was by far one of the best, most excellent hotels that I have been to my whole life. The service was great, the food was fantastic, and the room had the warm feeling of home plus more. If I had to reccomend any hotel in the US, of course it would be the Alexis.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>pcmpapacherry
<Content>All we coud say was WOW! My partner and I have recently taken on the task of grooming the city of Seattle to find a hotel that we would stay at more than once, and for more than one reason. Let me tell you, this one is it! We started out our experience being promptly and courteously greeted by a very helpful and friendly Valet team who unloaded our car and pushed our luggage into the lobby. The woman at the front desk was then very kind, and got us checked in almost immediately. We continued on to our room which was beautiful, well lit, and very clean. The decor in our room was very inviting and top notch, as far as I am concerned. Now, on to the bed. Wow. It was so comfortable that we didn't want to leave in the morning. I remember saying, What time do we have to check out?. We didn't want to get up. So, I can definitely recommend The Alexis Hotel to anyone with confidence. The only cons to this hotel: Valet is a little pricey at around $30+ a night, the lobby air is a tad stale, and our shower water went a little hot here and there. Other than that, it was great!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>devonbrooke
<Content>Best hotel in Seattle! This was the first time we have stayed at a Kimpton Hotel, and it definitely won't be the last. We have stayed in at least 10 different hotels in Seattle over the years, and this was our best experience ever!First of all, the staff was excellent, starting with the very pleasant young lady who took our booking, and continuing throughout our stay.  I had made a request asking for as large a room as possible at our price point, as we were 3 adults sharing a room, and that request was granted. In fact, we joked that our room was roomier than what we were used to in our homes. I had also mentioned that we were in Seattle to celebrate my friend's milestone birthday, and were very pleased to find a complmentary bottle of wine, and chocolates (!), with a nice note from the hotel in our room. We attended the courtesy wine get-together, and it was a very pleasant and friendly event. In fact, just prior to the event, we had run into a friend who was staying at another hotel, and when I asked at the front desk if he could join us, the answer was of course!.I understand that the hotel has just undergone an extensive renovation - it was lovely, and both the lobby and our room were very nicely appointed. There is a lot of impressive art displayed everywhere. The Alexis feels very upscale, but warm at the same time - we felt very welcomed there. We were very impressed!We only stayed one night, but we wished it could have been for longer. We can hardly wait to go back.Kudo's to everyone at the Alexis Hotel!!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nhsuzanne
<Content>Loved the Alexis The rooms are gorgeous and so spacious. The recent renovations are very evident, and the hotel looks fresh and clean. Contrary to other reviewers, I found all of the staff to be very pleasant. My husband and I snagged a deal on Hotwire, though I would happily have paid double to stay at this hotel. The bed was heavenly, the complimentary morning coffee and evening wine were a nice touch, as was the complimentary use of yoga equipment for the room. The hotel is only four stories tall, so the road noise was a bit problematic, but easily resolved with earplugs for sleeping. I had no problems with the (complimentary) internet use. The fitness center was a little small but the equipment was new, and the room was always empty. Each piece of cardio equipment even had individual TV screens.This hotel is incredible and I can't wait to return.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>juliebug52
<Content>Alexis Hotel Heaven on First Avenue in Seattle We have stayed at the other 2 Kimpton Hotels in Seattle and the Alexis will be my first choice from now on.What we loved: Free internet. Coffee service in the room. The location. The pleasant helpful staff. The complimentary wine and beer social in the Library Bistro Bar. Ipod docking station in the room. Flat screen tv. The art in the hotel. So classy. The decorator's intention was to show what an artist's home would look like. Our room had seven lamps and none of them matched. None of the end tables or desk or tables matched but they all worked together. We were upgraded to a spa suite. They bathroom was gorgeous with black marble floors, marble counter tops and the deepest jacuzzi tub I have seen! There was a large mirror over the tub, a nice bench in the tiled bathroom and even a bronze sculpture in the huge bathroom. My husband's only complaint was that it was a long walk to the bathroom. We slept very well here. Stay here...you will love it!  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>grimkitty1
<Content>Huge Bathroom We stayed at the Alexis hotel which is in the center of downtown Seattle. We booked a spa suite which was nice but weird. From what we gathered speaking to the other visitors all of the rooms were a bit strange. For instance the bathroom was HUGE, at least 40% of the sq room footage. It had a large bathtub with spa jets and a separate shower way across the bathroom.Our windows looked directly into the next building which were offices. There was a door which lead down a flight of stairs to a closet and another locked door presumably to the suite below. It was scary to think the people below us could walk up the stairs and try to open the door to our room(which was right next to the bed). That being said you could tell the hotel had recently been renovated and was tastefully appointed and beautifully decorated. The staff accommodated our every need incl when we asked for a DVD player(there wasn't one in our room) they brought another TV with a DVD player. The hotel is down the street from the Market, next to the waterfront and across the street from a major Seattle museum. Everything a tourist would want or need is right there within walking distance or short taxi ride. We actually rented a car which was totally unnecessary and very expensive to park in downtown Seattle however the staff had it waiting for us by the time we got to the lobby. They have a great daytime restaurant and a chic little bar and restaurant also in the lobby. Be prepared to spend bucks. My suggestion is to get a room facing the waterfront if you can afford it. Ours had a partial view only. An interesting stay in Seattle.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SeattleMan
<Content>An excellent downtown hotel, but... We stayed a weekend at the Alexis and our experience was somewhat mixed.Physically this is a first-rate hotel: the furnishings and finish everywhere are of uniformly high quality, getting close to very expensive European hotels. We had a king room with very nice bed, sofa,chair  armoire. The hotel is only 4 stories (of rooms) high but there is essentially no street noise. The location is excellent for walking around downtown Seattle.We had a few complaints, however: the ventilation system was noisy; we just turned it off when we went to bed each night. In March this was fine (and most natives live comfortably without air conditioning). The wireless internet connection is gratis, but it came and went inexplicably; if this is important to you, you might want to pack an ethernet cable. Little things - a floor lamp that flickered, the guest info book missing pages - were overlooked. And the front desk staff was not as personable or responsive as one would expect in such a place. In contrast, the doormen were friendly and eager to please.There are several outstanding places to eat breakfast, lunch or dinner a pleasant walk away: our favorites include Tulio's by the library; Wild Ginger; Etta's at the Pike Place Market; Macrina and Flying Fish just a bit on past the Market. We didn't try the house restaurant this time around.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	3	3	

<Author>Alf_Ganistan
<Content>Wonder wonder wonder We stayed here quite a while ago. I have to say it was one of the best nights ive had out. We came down from North Van just for an overnight. After a lovely pint of ale along the waterfront watching the sun go down, we went back to the hotel for the wine tasting in the John Lennon room. The conceige said we were the first to actually finish the wine. We had an excellent time with Americans and Canadians which went onto the evening with a meal with our newly made friends in the restaurant. The concierge even sent us over starters for our meal. Have to say i thoroughly enjoyed myself.Great hotel superb town.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sea-nyc
<Content>lovely hotel My husband and I stayed at the Alexis the last week in December 2007 and very much were impressed with this boutique hotel. Our room had a HUGE bathroom, with an enormouse jacuzzi tub. It was wonderful. We loved the modern decor and how clean the hotel was. The location is good - the hotel is just blocks from Pike Place Market and about six blocks from many Belltown restaurants. Lastly, the Bistro Bar is the hotel is a great spot for a beer/wine, and an appetizer. We're originally from Seattle, and now live in NYC - we've stayed at many beautiful properties around the world and would certainly stay at The Alexis again.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>luvtotravel_08
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel I stayed at Alexis for business for two days this week. The hotel is in a great location downtown, which made it very easy to walk around and explore. The decor is very modern. The room was clean which is something I am very particular about. Nice touch with the Aveda toiletries in the bathroom.No complaints about the service. Overall friendly staff.I definitely plan to stay there from now on when visiting Seattle.I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Kimmmie
<Content>I expected a little more from the Alexis... Our stay at the Alexis was overall, good. Because we are a HUGE fan of modern hotels, and are in the design industry ourselves, we found the Alexis to be somewhat aesthetically pleasing. It was funny, we stayed directly across from Hotel 1000--where we stayed the year prior when visiting Seattle. The rooms were nice and warm and we had a great view from our windows of Downtown Seattle. The bathroom was cute, but offered minimal space for toiletries and the toilet was too weird and slow--not good. The beds were indeed, comfortable, the art on the walls were a plus, the warm and modern colors throughout the hotel added a nice touch to some art deco pieces.The fitness center was a disappointment, as they only have about 3 cardio machines and some dumbells. When we went to work out, a mother and daughter had set their ellipticals for an hour, so it gave us zero chance to work out there. But the great thing is because of this, we took a run in the city--absolutely wonderful. It was cold and sprinkling, but so, so romantic and exhilarating all at the same time!The staff, although nice (Especially our bell hops and doormen--thanks for all the help and last minute late restaurant and bar recommendations guys--they were fabulous places!) were not as warm as we expected them to be--which was a disappointment. I think it was just those within our age group (late 20s) that acted too cool for us with a hint of attitude--sighing as we ask an obvious common tourist question. However, some of the slightly older staff was very nice. Regardless of the attitude we got from a couple of people at different times, they weren't mean, just not very friendly, kind of hipster wannabes. Honestly, I rate mostly on service. When I'm spending several nights and hundreds of dollars at the bar, I expect at least a warm smile and greeting when I'm at the front desk asking a few touristy questions. We got attitude a lot of the times, with the exception from the doormen and bell hops, of course. They were the MOST helpful and very nice. I mean, you can't beat both men opening the doors for you immediately after your run.We didn't get a chance to try the library bistro (we were visiting family most of the time and trying other fine dining establishments that we had on our agenda--we're huge food lovers), but as I mentioned earlier, we did spend a pretty penny at the bookstore bar every night we stayed--the wine selection was Okay, but they do have a full bar for some decent cocktails.I don't know if I would stay at the Alexis again just because of the toilets in the bathroom, but since we are a huge fan of the Klimpton hotels, I will definitely try a few others. Boutique hotels often offer a unique experience, however, as mentioned before, the lack of warmth and friendliness by the front desk staff is what puts me on the fence about possibly staying here again the next time I'm in beautiful Seattle. Besides that, everyone else was quite accommodating, maybe we just caught a few people on their bad days...but regardless. The Alexis is also moderately priced, which is good.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kat&John
<Content>Unique Hotel in the Center of Downtown Seattle This hotel is part of the Kimpton chain which runs hotels that are all individually unique and have some quirkiness designed into the hotel.The Room: Good size for a downtown hotel. Extremely clean with modern furnishings etc that were all in great shape. Mini-bar was stocked with some unusual snacks and there was a fridge for the cold items with a bit of extra room to chill your own bottle of wine. The bathroom was clean as well with Aveda ammenities, fluffy towels and cheetah print bathrobes. (maybe the other rooms have other exotic animal robes?) The room was also blissfully quiet, despite being on the corner of 1st  Madison. The room windows opened side for fresh air. Could be a hazard if you are staying in a room with little kids who would easily fit through the opening.The service: Wine reception from 5-6 pm in the lobby was nice. The valet/bellmen were super friendly and helpful. The ladies at the front desk were not as friendly as I would have expected -almost to the point of indiffernce. They might be better suited to occupations that don't include working with people.The Location: This place is about 1/2 way between pioneer square and pike place market. It's close to the waterfront and the Seattle Art Museum and Beniroya Hall. I can't think of a more convienent location for an out of towner.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	2	4	-1	

<Author>ceerbl
<Content>Fantastic room, fun hotel       Spa Suite - Huge bath for 2  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelLib
<Content>What a great spot! We decided to splurge and stay downtown for an evening and we were looking for something special. And we found it. Lovely staff at the front desk made us feel very welcome. The room was wonderfully upscale, but funky, in a good way. Comfortable bed and fantastic shower. I love it when there's unexpected turndown service, too. No view, but a neat little terrace that looked out on Post St. Windows were triple glazed and kept the street noise to a minimum. When we checked out the next morning we were treated as if we were old friends. We'll definitely try to go back.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelsavyVancouver
<Content>Nobody cared. I stayed at the Alexis on a recent trip to Seattle to see some friends. I booked the room on hotwire and was looking forward to the experience. I understand that they have recently completed a 10 million dollar renovation, which is very obvious. The hotel is stunning; contemporary mixed with traditional. The room was fabulous, fantastic d茅cor, great bed and an amazing shower. It was a nice size and very well appointed with marble bathroom and unique artwork. The location is also very convenient; close the market, restaurants and great shopping.All this being said, I feel that perhaps the hotel should invest some of its money training its staff on customer service. Quite frankly, I found the service to be disappointing. No one was rude or unkind; they just seemed completely indifferent. When I arrived, I walked through the front door towards the front desk. Two bellman were walking in the other direction, one said hello without smiling or really looking as though he wanted to say hello. When I arrived at the front desk, no one was there. I waited for a bout 2 minutes when one of the bellmen came by and said, 鈥淚鈥檒l get her鈥? I can understand that there is work to be done behind the front desk, but no bell or any way to call someone out if needed. A girl then came out to the front desk and starting typing on a computer, she did not acknowledge me at all until she asked for my credit card. I asked how she was to which she replied 鈥済ood鈥? I was not greeted whatsoever. In the end I was handed keys without being directed to an elevator or particular floor. Through the whole check-in process, eye contact was made twice briefly. When I got to my room I called for some ice as my friends were joining me for cocktails before we went out for dinner. No one was available in room service so the call rang to the front desk. The person on the phone had no personality in her voice whatsoever and ended the conversation with 鈥渁lright then鈥? My departure was much the same. I was this time greeted but without a smile and hardly an eye contact. When I stated my room number, she said my last name, like it was a number. Had she put 鈥淢r.鈥?in front of it, she would have been addressing me personally. I then stored my bag with the bell desk. Again no greet, just took the bag and was given a ticket. I asked if there was an umbrella I could use and was told, yep, over there and he pointed to one leaning by the door. Some may say that these are picky details. The truth is that I did enjoy my stay; but when it comes to giving an objective review, I feel that all the facts should be stated. This hotel has the potential to be amazing. I did get a good deal on the room but had a paid the full price advertised at $280.00 I would have been a little more upset. I understand that the hotel had a young, hip atmosphere but when it comes to a boutique hotel, I would expect warmer, more personal service.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	5	4	5	1	1	5	

<Author>jnjmoore
<Content>Newly remodeled and looking good! I'm a big Kimpton Hotels fan and the Alexis did not let me down. I stayed there with my wife a few years ago and we loved it. When I stayed there this time for business they had just finished a major remodel (when I say just finished I mean there were 'wet paint' signsjust being removed from the walls in the Lobby area--which is beautiful, BTW) and they did a fantastic job modernizing. The staff were pleasant and efficient and the room was perfect (see photos). The Alexis is designed with a little more mature flavor than some of the other, more hip hotels that Kimpton has but it really works well for this property. I also enjoy the location which is downtown, closeenough for an easy walk to meet various clients as well as to see some tourist sites such as the famous Pike's Place market (which is quite unique and a great place to visit). I unhesitatingly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Rettwogo
<Content>Great hHotel with a fun atmosphere The hotel was awsome, the guestrooms were just renovated and they will blow your mind. The staff is awsome and you really can't beat the location. Next time you visit Seattle you have to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>selectguy
<Content>Its beautiful I was at the Alexis a year ago and it was a little tired. Stayed last night and all I can is wow. they have redone the rooms and lobby and you feel really special. my room was huge and absolutely beautiful. nice staff and a great breakfast, (best bacon i ever had) I havent stayed in this elegant a room or hotel in a long time and I am a serious road warrior and stay at 4 star + hotels.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>gb2283
<Content>Loved it! What a fun boutique hotel! They were renovating but it didn't matter, this place is still fantastic. The Bookstore bar is great as well! My only concern was the lack of counter space in the bathroom- as in there was none - at all. However when you have sleek appliances you forego convience.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Alex69
<Content>Just ok really My husband and I stayed for 3 nights from Aug. 27th. We were a little disapointed that construction work was still underway however at least the rooms had been finished. It appeared to be just the public spaces that were undergoing construction.The staff were friendly enough and we had no problems with room service. We did however find the hotel room a little small and I was surprised to find that almost every item in the mini-bar was actually out of date. This to me smacked of a lack of attention to detail and I I felt that the hotel did not deserve it's boutique like status.We would love to visit Seattle again however would not choose to stay at the Alexis, a little over-rated for what it is.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>hotelsnobNewYork_Ny
<Content>The Alexis is Charming! My stay at the Alexis was truly charmed. The staff members were all just lovely. On Friday afternoon, I checked with the doorman to see what time I should catch a cab in order to make it to a local restaurant by 7:00pm. He smiled and asked if I had been there before 鈥?then told me what a special place it is, how lucky I was to visit, etc., and promised to have a cab for me at 6:30pm 鈥?which he did. When I saw him again on Saturday night, he immediately asked me about my party at the Ruins 鈥?very sincere and cute (wish I had gotten his name)!! My room was HUGE!!! Bigger than our apartment in NYC!!! I loved to layout and could have stayed for a month. The bed was so comfy and the blackout curtains made sleeping in just heaven. I saw lots of construction signs but it never bothered me one bit. On Friday afternoon, I walked down to get a mani/pedi before the party (with helpful directions from the bellboy!!!). When I returned to my room, there was a delicious little tray of cheese, fruit and spiced/sweet nuts 鈥?just perfect since my dinner was late in the evening. I can鈥檛 even begin to say how much I enjoyed my stay. This is one delighted traveler.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KayteeQ
<Content>Save Your Time Save Your Money We have stayed many times at Kimpton Hotels and cannot believe that the Alexis is a Kimpton. Prior to making my reservation, I inquired as to whether there would be construction at the hotel and was told there was none. WRONG! The entire place was encased in plastic. Construction debris all around. In fact, a worker dropped a tool on my leg, and no one seemed concerned over the fact that I was bleeding! We stayed in the Honeymoon Suite and were shocked to find workers looking in our skylight over our tub banging away at 7 am! Room service was a joke. Took almost 2 hrs. to get a simple order of mac and cheese and a salad. When it arrived, it was the wrong order. Had to wait almost 30 more minutes. Then, there were no utensils with which to eat. I could go on and on. TV didn't work. We were constrantly disrupted by housekeeping who would enter without knocking, never any toilet paper. etc. etc. Save your time..save your money. This place needs to get its act together!  
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coug66
<Content>Plastic sheets everywhere! major remodel in full force This is the downside to Hotwire. I paid $216 per night for customers to stay for 2 consecutive nights. It was a get away for he and his wife and a professional outing. I dropped them off at the hotel and could scarcely believe my eyes' The first floor and lobby was a plastic tunnel. Everything was lined in clear plastic lined scaffolding. You walked through tunnels of plastic. It is not a 4 star hotel like this. It has a great location and the rooms are nice but I have never been so embarrassed to set up a customer this way. I would not stay here for anything over $100 per night in this condition. I will never book with Hotwire again for my customers. I will continue to take the risk for my own travel, mainly for the hotels locations.Do not book this hotel at a premium ( $216 less than $360) unless they have completed the remodel.It will not positively impress, wife, partner, or customer in its current state  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>2	1	4	4	1	3	4	2	

<Author>memaiani
<Content>Queen Queen Deluxe? We stayed at the Alexis for 4 nights for a girls' getaway. The 'we' consisted of 3-52 yr. old women who have been friends since college. We have travelled together before and I do my best to find accommodations that are roomy with places to sit and relax besides the beds. We didn't book the room until May so our choices were limited, i.e. a King suite which had a sitting area and a pull out couch, would've caused the dilemma of who would sleep on the pull out? We decided on a 'Queen Queen Deluxe' because it was said to have almost 500 sq. ft. and we thought there'd be plenty of room. I initially booked it on the hotel's website for $346/night and later found what I thought were the same accommodations on hotels.com for $296/night. We stayed in room 309 and 'spacious' isn't a term I'd use to describe it. In fact, if we would've kept the desk chair at the desk, it would've obstructed the pathway from the sleeping area to the bathroom. Besides the desk chair, there was one other chair with an ottoman. However, we needed to move the ottoman into the bathroom because there wasn't any counter space to put anything on. There was just a square, pedestal sink above a cabinet and although it was lovely, it was highly impractical--especially for 3 women needing to use curling irons and put on makeup using the handy make up mirror provided. Even a single businessman would be at a loss as to where he should put his razor and toothbrush. The coffee pot was kept in the cabinet below the sink but where were you suppose to plug it in? You couldn't have set it on the floor because the plug wouldn't have reached the outlet. If you put it on the desk, you had to unplug something else and you also needed to pull the desk out to fit the plug behind it. Since I wasn't even sure the plug was long enough to reach the outlet, I didn't even attempt that. There wasn't a phone book in the room so when we called the front desk, we were told there usually is but they would send one up. When they did so, I suspect the gentleman who delivered it was looking for a tip but I'm not tipping for something that should've been in the room. Also, if 3 adults were booked into the room, why was it only set up for 2?What saved the stay was the friendliness of the entire staff and the fabulous location. We ate at the Bistro Bar and the food along with the presentation was excellent. Beware if you're thirsty tho, because you will wait a long time for drinks even if the bar isn't busy which was the case when we were there. Being 3 former bartenders, we agreed we never let anyone sit at our bar with an empty glass but this wasn't the case with the bartender we had. We had to ask for every drink and even if she wasn't serving a waitress or anyone else, she still proceded to do something, ANYTHING, before making our drinks. However, we did seem to find that to be the norm anywhere we went in Seattle. The time between order and delivery was always much longer than we felt was realistic.If the Alexis could provide us with more comfortable accommodations, we would most likely stay there again because of its very convenient location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RHOBoston
<Content>Under renovation - beware We were referred to them from another Seattle hotel that was full for the night we wanted to stay. Booked directly with the hotel, and decided to take a small suite for my wife, self and 16 year old son. $499 plus taxes for the night. High, but it was a celebration night - start of our vacation trip.What they did not tell us was that they were under renovation, and our room was right in the middle of it.On the plus side of it, the checkin was great, the person at the desk friendly and helpful, and they even sent up a small bottle of champaign after they heard that it was my birthday. Very thoughful of them, and we had a great dinner at Place Pigalle, which he also recommended. Oops - but the fitness room was closed. - Do you have an alternate? oh yes, they finally volunteered, at a nearby gym, but they didn't give us tickets until we asked again. The wallpaper in one of the front hallways was stained, as were some of the carpets, leading to a general feeling that the property was just not up to snuff.  He didn't let us know about the renovation, which was apparent as soon as we set foot on the elevator - it was sheathed in ratty plywood with a not-so-cute label pasted on it that said Creating a new artwork for you or something similar. The room was stark, with no artwork on the walls, although it was clean. Bathroom was ok. Nice TV's. No turndown service. 2 bathrobes. Nice touch, but there were three of us. We had to get our own pillows and blanket out of the closet and set up the bed oursleves for my son,, who was sleeping on the pull out couch. The next morning Sunday) at 7:30 the people started moving furniture into the hallway in front of our door, and the entire place was a construction zone by 8am. Nobody at the front desk even told us that this was going to go on. I went down and had my complimentary breakfast alone, served by a surly waiter. When my wife and son went down for breakfast, they were told it was not complimentary, and so they passed on any breakfast or coffee.When we checked out, the bill was full rate, and my breakfast was billed on it as well. We complained then and there, and they appologised, and asked us if we would like a comp room for another night, but we were only in Seattle for one night, and we wouldn't stay there again anyway. So they dropped the breakfast charge, and $100 of the room fee. Good effort, but not enough to make us want to stay there again. When we were checking out, the person said that this renovation is really awful, running late, and was causing all sorts of customer problems. No kidding.In summary, for $499 (or even $400, our final room rate) this was deeply disappointing. The breakfast snafu, the construction, the lack of facilities, the dirty and stained public areas and the noisy rooms (we were on the 3rd floor) made this our least favorite hotel experience in years. The following night we had a night at the Holiday Inn Express in Salem OR for $110, and it was a MUCH better experience.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	4	2	4	1	-1	

<Author>Jonny99
<Content>Wish You Were Cool? - the Alexis Can Help My Seattle contacts tell me that the Alexis, with its artful decorations and 鈥渨ith-it鈥?staff, is the place to stay in the city for the young, well-off and hip. Possessing none of these qualities most of the frou-frou charm of what seemed to be a hotel that was working too hard to be cool was lost on me. I will concede that I may have caught Alexis on a bad night 鈥?one of the elevators was being redone and the health club was closed. Further, I was 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to its version of the honeymoon suite which was awkward given that I was traveling on business by myself. More oddly, the suite was laid out in such a way that about a 20 foot hallway was formed leading to the actual room once you cleared the doorway. In the middle of this hallway was leading to a dark staircase 鈥?I never ventured down it so no idea where it lead.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	4	-1	2	

<Author>PhilipFamily
<Content>Gone Downhill We booked the Alexis for 1 night for our anniversary. What a horrible experience. We now live near Seattle but I had stayed there a couple of times when I used to travel to Seattle on business in the early '90's. I remembered it as wonderful! I don't know what happend but......We had let them know it was our anniversay and had asked for a bottle of champagne in the room when we arrived. Nothing. It took them 1 1/2 hours to bring it. We had tickets for a play at 7:30pm. We arrived at 5:00pm and tried to order room service along with the champagne. We were told we could not get food in time to make it to the play which was 3 blocks away. We asked if at least they could throw together a cheese plate. No. We tried to get into the bistro downstairs....no room. We ended up eating stuff from the mini bar. Got back from the play around 10:00pm. No more room service and the bistro was not serving any more. The area restaurants were packed, so we ended up eating the rest of the food from the minibar. The room was awful. It was in the new area and had absolutely no ambience nor decor to speak of. The staff was completely disinterested and when we took our issues to the management, we received no response. We even wrote to Kimpton and received no response from them. I would not recommend this place to ANYONE any longer.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>Kadoogan
<Content>Great Location I've stayed at this hotel three times on business. The location is perfect for a stay in downtown Seattle. It鈥檚 about 3 blocks from Pike鈥檚 Market, 2 blocks from the museum and a short stroll down to the waterfront. The rooms are classic Kimpton, comfortable bed with eclectic furnishings and all the amenities that you may need. The staff is very friendly, if not a bit slow (I blame that on the computer systems though). The Bookstore is a wonderful and quite place to stop in for food and a drink, the staff there are very friendly as well. The Library is their other restaurant, the service is very slow but the food is fantastic.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jetsetter83
<Content>Great Hotel / Wonderful experience! I stayed with some friends at the Alexis for three nights in early April. We had booked a spacious fireplace suite and when we checked in, we were given room 422 - the John Lennon Suite. It was an awesome room, very large, with a hallway, closet, large bathroom with jetted tub, large bed seperated from the main room with sliding doors, a dining room table, large bar area, sitting area surrounded by the fireplace and tv unit.The room was themed with John Lennon and Beatles memorabilia. A great sterio hung on the wall and the fireplace was a real treat for Seattle. Although we had mostly sunny days, one rainy chilly night made for the perfect time to stay in and light the fireplace. We ordered room service once and it was delicious! The daily wine hour is a real treat, the staff was amazing with all of our requests! I do not agree one bit with any of the comments about the staff. We had a great experience and will definitly go back and suggest The Alexis to anyone visiting Seattle.Location, location, location is all I can say about The Alexis. It is just a few blocks Pike's Place and across from the trendy Hotel 1000. A new four seasons is being built a few blocks away, but with the renovations in store for The Alexis it is a sure bet! The hotel has some work going on, but you barely notice. Our view was not amazing, but the room made up for it. The art in the hotel was another treat.The nearby Wild Ginger was one of the best meals we had the whole week as was the Bluesteel Diner - in case you are looking for some restaurant suggestions. Lastly, it is a pet friendly hotel so it was nice to see some puppies in the lobby. I do not agree with comments about the smell of the hotel, if anything it is from the perfume shop at the entrance.Overall, it's a great place to stay and I highly recommend it to anyone. We had a great rate of approx. $228 with a AAA discount and would recommend the large and spacious fireplace suite to anyone traveling to Seattle.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>SeattleWa365
<Content>Stay Away! What can I say. Booked a special night for $284, and was very disappointed. Although the lobby is very nice, it is downhill from there. Stayed in a deluxe suite, which is like an emtpy airplane hangar. A huge room with almost no furnishings, sort of like sleeping in a warehouse. They charged $32.00 for parking for one night, but couldn't make change for $40.00. All put out because I wanted to pay cash and didn't have exact change. This place is a has been dump. Please please stay in one of the newer places like the 1000 or the W. The Alexis is a pathetic washed up joke! Wish I had paid more attention to the negative reviews. They are right on!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>pdxmike
<Content>Exceeds Expectations Again!! The property is getting ready for a major remodel according to the staff, but 'as is', the rooms are clean and massivly big, you get the boutique treatment )bathrobe, nice bath products, etc. and the wine bar at 5 pm. the most important difference this time was the night manager, who was polite, friendly and really worked the guests in a sincere way at the happy hour, chatting them up, making recommendations for restaurants, night life, bars in the somewhat night life dead downtown area. i was impressed by the casual way the employees made it seem like they appreciated my business and went out of their way to be accommidating without being phoney (we all know what that feels like).when i checked out, someone had mistakenly charged breakfast at the restaurant to my room, and they removed the charge without any hesitation or making me go into the restaurant and be ID'd as to the charge. Great work Kimpton. Now if you can pull this one off every time, you'll be golden...  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Concha15
<Content>Always a fantastic stay I've stayed at the Alexis several times on business. Impeccable attention to details, incredibly helpful staff, relaxing atmosphere, great bar downstairs, ideally situated between Pioneer Square and Pike Place Market.Most recently stayed for two nights and upon check-in was upgraded to a deluxe King room. Loved it. The room had a receiving area to take off your shoes and jackets; spacious sleeping and sitting areas; huge, sparkling-clean bathroom with jetted tub (and L'Occitane toiletries!); even a little balcony with French doors. I always look forward to sinking into their amazing beds, plush with down comforters and feather pillows. Heavenly.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gypsy_bunny
<Content>Noisy and Not worth the money I was in Seattle for 7 nights and I asked the Alexis Hotel to assign me a Quiet room.They assigned me Room 521, which is a little bit away from the Elevator.What they don't tell you is that the Quiet rooms face an Alley way, where a dumpster truck comes 3 times a week at 11 PM and creates a racket for about half an hour!Not very good when you are trying to get over your jet lag and resting before important business meetings the next morning.Also, the same alley way has a club of some sort and you can hear the noise from there as well. Perhaps they need to put better sound proofing on their windows.There is a building facing the hotel on the opposite side so if you choose lower floors you might find the view obstructed. Decor was dated. Also a warning for women travellers .. The hotel is on 1st Avenue which is not a good road to be walking in alone at nightOverall a pretty bad experience for $276 a night.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Nancyshhdoll
<Content>Relaxed, modern, understated, affordable luxury We stayed for a week over New Year and were upgraded to a King room (the one in the brochures!) Huge, very comfy bed, french windows, big basket of yummy food and other goodies (with accompanying price list), as well as a mini bar and coffee machine. The bathrobes were funky animal print, and I even succumbed to the oh-so-soft socks that were for sale in the wardrobe. We wanted for nothing - whirlpool bath, hot shower, plenty of Aveda products in the bathroom that were reguarly replaced by housekeeping, and the nightly turndown, and room tidy up with chocolates made it feel extra special. It was great to have two armchairs. Almost every time we wanted a taxi, the doorman offered us the services of one of the hotel's drivers, for not much more than a taxi fare, so we travelled in soft leather seats, in style.This hotel is perfectly positioned for ease of access by foot to all of the Seattle tourist attractions. The bookbar is a lovely bar to pass the time of day, with indie/aor/soft rock/ music playing, as well as lots of magazines, books and tvs to view. A great place to watch the world go by. We had a couple of breakfasts inThe Library Bistro, and found it to be a laid back, chilled out place, where child diners could be kept entertained by drawing on the brown paper tablecloths provided. We managed to catch only one wine reception between 5-6 as we were so busy, and were given a choice of good-quality wines, to sip whilst I painted a postcard. The artwork on the walls was changed whilst we were there, as well as the selection of magazines in our room. Probably the best hotel I have ever stayed in and would definately look to Kimpton when choosing another hotel.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrfromSFO
<Content>expected it to be nicer I had to come to Seattle for business and a couple of people had recommended this hotel. I had higher expectations. When I checked in, the front desk woman seemed confused and inexperienced. I asked for any upgrades and she quoted me only one at an extra $260 per night. I laughed. I was on the second floor and I was stunned by the horrible musty smell in the hallways. My room also smelled smoky and musty. Really foul. I went and purchased some incense for my stay. I called down and requested a room change and was told nothing was available. My room had already been pre-paid as I had booked it on-line as a flight-hotel-car package. The room was noisy and cold. Sparsely decorated and furnished which was surprising since they tout themselves as an art hotel. The curtains wouldn't stay closed; I had to use paperclips to hold them together to dark out the room. The hallways are noisy and you hear everyone coming and going.The bath was like a Holiday Inn, the only saving grace the Aveda products. I coudn't get the wireless internet system to work and had to have a cable brought up, which took about 10 minutes. The concierge was extremely helpful and friendly and seemed very knowledgeable. The bed was average for what I am accustomed. I booked a massage in the spa which was pricey, but quite good. There seems to be a period of two hours in the morning between breakfast and lunch 10am to 11:30am when you cannot be served a meal!!  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	2	3	3	

<Author>revgregory
<Content>Funky smell, not decor - Not up to Kimpton Standards Great location. Paid an unbelievable $329 on Orbitz for the jacuzzi suite (only because it was the last room they had...or so we were told) and I had to join others from my office there on business. The rooms that I saw in addition to mine were excessively large and sparsely appointed. I had 12 ft. ceilngs and an altar like presentation of the jacuzzi, but only two chairs, a desk and bed were the extent of the furnishings. It was like having a raquteball court for a room, with a chair on one end and the TV on the other. Beyond the oddities, it was not clean, despite being pestered all day and night by the cleaning staff wanting to either refill my beverage caddy or just to see if I needed something (most of this should be done at once). I have one word to describe the bathroom, jacuzzi, shower, etc. - hair.Hair, funky smell, and I felt like I was staying in the guesthouse at Graceland.....in 1977. Needs updating.I love Kimpton hotels, but this is unlike any I stayed in before.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>youngarchitects
<Content>Not as nice as we thought it should be. We purchased a Romantic Package and splurged on a room that is normally out of our price range. We were upgraded to a larger room but were disappointed with the sparse furnishings. The bathrooms are not much nicer than a Best Western. The room had a lot of noise filtering in from the hall which made us feel like we had no privacy. We worried the whole time that people could hear us. The restaurant was closed so we ordered dinner from the bar downstairs and the food was overcooked. When I let the Hotel know of our issues they responded saying that they will be renovating the rooms soon and they comped our dinner.We were really unimpressed with the Hotel and do not recommend it unless of course you do not think $350/night is a lot of money.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>rainbow_jenny
<Content>Pleasant stay with upgrade Difficult time with check-in: when the bellman took us to our room, he realized it was occupied. The wrong room number was written on our key card! The next room he took us to was a smoke-filled and musty floor and the room just had smelled despite it being a non-smoking . I was ready to move to another hotel if they didn't have other options for us. Fortunately, the frontdesk reassigned us to the newer tower and gave us an upgrade (from executive to one-bedroom suite).We had a pleasant stay and enjoyed the spaciousness and the skylight in the living room. The location was perfect to Pike Market and the Piers. I don't believe I'll go back to the Alexis. It's more dated than the website photos suggest. Nevertheless, we appreciated the one-bedroom room suite, decent value for a bit over $200/night.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2006
<Rating>3	4	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Service, Great Location, Huge Room, Noisy My wife and I decided to make a 4 day trip to Seattle. Last time we stayed with friends but since our son is now 2 years old we decided it would be easier for all if we stayed at a hotel and we thought it would be fun to stay downtown. Due to the child we wanted to stay in a suite but at a reasonable price.Overall we are very happy with the Kimpton Alexis. The best part was the service. I'd say this hotel has among the best service of any hotel I've ever stayed at and certianly the best for it's price. Every single member of staff was great, from the valet who took our car to the front desk people to the phone people to the room service folks. When I say great, I mean the staff was friendly, extremely responsive, and truly seemed to care that we had a good stay. They managed to make us feel that we were the most important people in the hotel all the time. Service speed was blazing fast. When we called down for an extra cot for the boy they had it up to us in a few minutes. When we wanted them to park our car, or get it out for us, they ran to do it. When we asked the front desk for directions they were right there helping us out, giving us a choice of maps. I could go on (I won't) but bottom line is some manager at this hotel is very very good at training and motivating staff.The location of the hotel is excellent. Only a few blocks from the Pike Place market where we like to go for breakfast. One block from the Seattle art museum (alas, closed until 2007) and generally accessible to downtown. Just down the road from Pioneer square. About 8 blocks from shopping. A little further from the space needle and similar abut you can still walk it, or walk part way and take the monorail (kind of fun), or just take a cab.The main room of the suite we got was huge. It was sort of sparsely furnished though, so did not fully take advantage of the space. But nice enough. The bedroom was smaller but big enough for the bed.The bathroom was sort of a dissapointment it that it did not really match the hotel. Small and sort of cheap. But it was new and clean, and was fine.The worst part of the room was the noise from the road. We were on the second floor (room 222) of the new part of the hotel and the road noise was quite bad. Trucks, cars with stereo systems going, motorcyles, and more, seemed to be right inside the room with us. They could use much better soundproofing in our room. The sounds did die down late at night and anyway I was able to fall asleep so I'd say it was more annoying than anything. I suspect rooms on the higher floors are quieter and next time I stay at this hotel I'll ask for one.You've got to factor in the price when evaluating a hotel. This one was a very fair deal for a large suite, in a great location, and with outstanding service. If I could give it 4 1/2 stars I would. Next time we are in Seattle we'll likely give this hotel another go.  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever My husband and I live in the Seattle area and we thought it would be fun to spend a night on the town and not have to drive home afterwards. We chose the Alexis because of its reputation-good enough for the Sultan of Brunei-and because of its proximity to Pike Place Market.We found our room to be large but rather empty and stark. Being somewhat cavernous, we found, as we were trying to go to sleep, that every noise from the hallway echoed loudly in the room. We heard constant noise from the elevator traffic just outside our door as well as every knock on every door . We thought that by 2 a.m. the noise from the street below and the hotel guests would subside but we were wrong. The Alexis seems to be quite the Party Hotel on Saturday night. Finally, at 3 a.m. we gave up all hope of getting any sleep when the man in the room next to ours got into a fight with his partner.We called the Front Desk and informed them that we were checking out and going home so that we might still get a few hours of sleep. We were appreciative that we were not charged for our stay, however, we were mostly disappointed that no one from the hotel management staff followed up with us the next day or EVER. After serveral weeks, I logged on to my Kimpton In Touch loyalty program and sent an email to their corporate office explaining our poor experience. Would you belive that we still haven't gotten a response! Kimpton Cares - what a joke. We will probably continue to boycott all Kimpton hotels for the rest of our lives!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	3	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>gretchenenders
<Content>Wonderful, quiet Thanksgiving stay Perhaps it was because of the the Thanksgiving holiday, but it felt like we were the only guests in the hotel. It was quiet and peaceful and much appreciated. The bed was one of the most comfortable I've ever slept in, it was like sleeping in a cloud. The location was a little out of the way, but again, added to the quietness. The room was airy and bright and much larger than I had anticipated. All in all, a wonderful stay.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>gitnby
<Content>Great location! Nice room and service!       Rollaway Bed  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>OnEarth
<Content>charming I spent two nights at the Alexis while in town to visit friends and watch the superbowl. The staff was remarkably friendly, attentive and helpful. The King Deluxe room was wonderful, the bed divine. My room faced west and while I heard some traffic it was quite soft and not an issue. I was near the elevator but never disturbed. I highly recommend this establishment and will be returning soon.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Home Away from Home My partner  I spent a lovely evening at the Alexis, sadly we only had one evening. The room was spacious and very comfortable (#425). The bed was to die for, and the setting peaceful and on the doorstep of everything you might want to do in the area. The artwork and ambiance was relaxing and thoroughly enjoyable.The friendly welcome (we arrived very late)and the thoughtful arrangement for a late departure was most appreciated as we had a long flight to Australia the next day.The reception staff were particularly outstanding especially on the day of our departure (Jan 28th 2006)There is absolutely no doubt that whenever we visit Seattle it will be at the Alexis that we will stay. It truly is a very special place.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>syrurs1
<Content>Loved it! My boyfriend surprised me by bringing me to the Alexis on our last night of a week-long vacation. We had spent 6 days in the San Juan Islands and wanted to spend our last night in Seattle before flying out. We both loved this hotel! The valet and check-in personnel were both very pleasant and helpful. For instance, after we checked in, we realized that we had left a few items in our car and wanted to retrieve them ourselves, but the valet was happy to do so and did so quickly.The room was superb, as it was both spacious and very well appointed. The ceilings and windows were very high. The bed was comfortable as were the pillows.We both loved the bathroom, which judging by the other reviews, must have been recently renovated. The bathroom was spacious and had sage green tile walls and a grey tile floor. The towels were white and fluffy. The fixtures were a shiny metal and the bathroom had a big glass shelf on which you could put your bath stuff. The featured bath products were Aveda, so I made sure to take those home! Both of us repeatedly said that we wanted our bathroom at home to look like this!We also took advantage of the complementary private sauna, which I believe is on every floor. One call to the front desk, and it was ours for a full hour. The sauna was spotless and beautiful. It looked as if no one had ever used it.The hotel was very very close to Pike Place and other attractions. Walking to those places was easy. We both wished that we could have spent more time here. If we return to Seattle we will definately stay here. We felt it was worth the ~$300 price.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed thoughts I booked this hotel because I was traveling with my parents and two kids and wanted us to all stay together and this was the only downtown hotel that I could find that had a two bedroom suite with a kitchen. This hotel is rated four stars and I will agree that it meets its four star rating in some aspects but falls shorts in other areas. Pros: (1) Staff members at the hotel were wonderful. (2) Complimentary happy hour everynight with all you can drink wine and champagne. They even had paint out so that the kids could paint postcards which the hotel will send out for you. (3) Great complimentary coffee and tea in the lobby every morning. (4) Location - walking distance to all + buses around Seattle are free and bus stops are located every two blocks or so. (5) Nice bedding, plenty of towels, Aveda products in the bathroomCons: (1) Needs a remodel: The suites used to be a condo next door that they bought out and turned into part of the hotel. Bath tiles had mildew. The floor in the bathrooms were worn out linoleum. Kitchen was small and old.(2) Terrible View - our room looked out directly into the next building (3) Room had a musty feelingOverall - I liked this hotel but expected more and felt it was not worth the money we spent ($400 night + tax for the two bedroom suite). The hotel rooms (non-suites) may be better since they are located in the original hotel. It would definitely be cheaper and would be worth it if you can get it for a good price (under $150).  
<Date>Jan 1, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bendites
<Content>Great location  We spend 3 nights at the Alexis. (Sat-Tues) It was a combo business/pleasure trip for my husband and myself. This hotel has a wonderful location just a couple blocks up from the Piers and the ferry. We parked the car and did not need it. Easy walks to catch the ferry, walk to Pikes Market, restaurants and plenty of shopping. We booked a Hot Rate from their website. Our room was huge. No noise from neighbors of the streets. They have a small but effective fitness room and a steam room. Dogs are also welcome here and they all seemed to be having a nice stay. Food  Beverage is not a strong suit of this hotel but with so many choices in the area it was not a worry. We had a wonderful meal at Il Bistro at Pikes, Sushi a block away at Nijo. Plenty of early late Happy Hours are also in the area. Staff was very friendly.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mtngrl
<Content>Loved the Alexis!            
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Squalid And Overpriced!! We were booked for 3 nights at the Alexis, on the basis of the good reviews that it had received on TripAdvisor. We ended up staying only one night because the room was so squalid. It was huge, but there was not much furniture in it, the bathroom was old, and the air conditioning system made terrible noises. To make matters even better, some drunken local was grabbing us in the bar, and the staff did nothing about it. For less money, we stayed in the beautiful W hotel. Stay away from the Alexis!!!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>CaptainBristol
<Content>In Seattle, the Alexis is hard to beat       Bed with down pillows and down comforter  
<Date>Nov 21, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just wonderful! I had won a bid on the Alexis through Priceline months before our cruise. It was for the night before (July 30). Well, I happened to mention we would be celebrating our daughter's 13th birthday when I called to specify bed size, etc. I forgot that I even told them this....and were WE surprised when we got to the hotel around 9 pm! (we had a late flight). The gracious woman at the desk wished our daughter a Happy Birthday! HUH? It was then when I remembered I had casually brought it up in my phone call months earlier! What a nice gesture.Well...after she went into the next room for a few seconds, she came out and gave us our room keys. When we opened the door at first we thought we were in the wrong room! The clock radio had come on apparently and I thought someone was in there :) ....BUT also the room was HUGE!! Actually, there was a long foyer when we walked through the door into a very expansive guest room. Two queen beds with plenty of room to spare....AND another, small room up a set of short stairs past the bathroom! There was no furniture in there, but a large closet, floor lamp and mirror. We also had a rollaway bed in the downstairs room.AND they had a personal note to my daughter wishig her a happy 13th birthday and a container of Jelly Bellies candy...AND a bottle of Martinelli's sparkling cider on ice!We were QUITE impressed. I live an hour and a half south of San Francisco and have had the pleasure of staying in a number of Kimpton Hotels in the city. I have never been disappointed. And, the Alexis Hotel was as nice as all of them! They're intimate and they make you feel at home.I wish we had been able to stay more than one night. But, alas, our resort on the ocean was awaiting us the next morning! We'll be sure and stay at the Alexis again, though. Of course, getting it on Priceline for $112 was definitely an added bonus!  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Debits2000
<Content>Very nice experience       Seattle Skyline  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed the Alexis My wife and I stayed at the Alexis in Downtown Seattle for our vacation in late August. Contrary to some of the negative reviews posted here, we had a great stay in the heart of downtown Seattle. Our rooms were just the right size for a couple (I can see it being cramped if we had two kids). The appointments were very tasteful and proximity to downtown allowed us to put off renting a car for a couple of days. Being just 2 blocks from Pike's Market place, 2 blocks from the new Seattle Library, and within walking distance of all the restaurants and attractions along the shores of Elliot bay lets one thoroughly experience downtown Seattle. A note about Rental Cars:DO NOT rent a car if you want to spend a good deal of your time downtown - with the cabs and frequent busses, you would be wasting money and time trying to find parking. We had to rent a car to check out the San Juan islands and Snoqualmie falls. However, we were able avoid paying the hotel $26/day for valet by using off the street parking. The parking restrictions are only in effect from 8AM to 6PM. If you leave before 8AM you won't have to pay anything. If you return after 6PM (which is usually the case if you really spend some time at your destination), then there is plenty of parking right next to the Hotel (we got parking immediately in front of the door both nights) - and you don't pay anything. Its only $1.50/hr (2 hour limit) if you had to keep the car in the parking spot during the day. All in all, we spend $3 for parking the car for 2 days instead of the $52 + valet tips if we went with the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Vnyrdr
<Content>Superb Value       view from suite  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jakester20
<Content>We Just Loved the Alexis!!! We stayed three nights prior to getting on an Alaska cruise and choose the Alexis for its tremendous location, uniqueness, and overall charm. We were not let down one bit during the three nights we stayed there.Upon arrival, we were immediately upgraded to room 419; the John Lennon Suite. It was great. The entire hotel has wireless free wireless internet, a tremendous amenity. The fitness center is just down the hall; super. The staff could not be nicer and more pleasant. Also, the concerns we had about noise from reading the reviews never surfaced and we all slept like babies for the three nights we were there. What truly makes the Alexis special is its location. Go out the hotel and turn left and a few blocks away is Pikes Place Market. Turn right and another few blocks is Pioneer Square. Go down the hill and another few blocks is the Waterfront. A short cab ride is either downtown or Seattle Center. A car would be a tremendous trouble and completely unnecessary.In total, a great hotel for either the business or weekend getaway. We highly recommend  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as great as I expected We stayed 2 nights in one of the hotel's two bedroom suites. At reservation time, I was promised the suite would have a king bed in one room and a queen in another. When we arrived, the suite had 2 queens. Since my husband and I are both really tall, I called to ask about the king, and I was informed that they had someone in that room who was staying for several weeks. Realizing that they'd reneged on their promise to me, they reduced the price of the room and gave us free parking which was a nice gesture.The biggest quirk of the hotel seems to be housekeeping. One day, our room wasn't made up at all until they came for turn down. When I called the front desk at about 3:00, they told me they were still doing checkouts!The concierge sent my husband and son on a wild goose chase looking for the German submarine attraction down on the wharf. They looked and looked, but it seems that that sub got moved to San Diego several months ago! I'd have thought a concierge in a major hotel would know that!Wine in the afternoon was a nice gesture, but how about a basket of crackers or something to munch on with the wine? Coffee in the morning was great!Anyway, I am back to either Inn at the Market or the Olympic for the next Seattle visit. The Alexis wasn't terrible, but it has some kinks that could be improved.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>malibuhanson
<Content>Great location My favorite thing about the Alexis is the location. From the Alexis we could walk to most of the major attractions; Pike Place market, Pioneer Square, the waterfront (aquarium, ferry terminals), the new library, Seattle Art museum and the major shopping district. There are alot of great restaurants, coffee shops, galleries and unique boutiques all in the blocks surrounding the hotel. My son will be attending UofW in the fall and we easily caught a bus to the campus. The hotel proved to be a really pleasant surprise. Our room was very spacious with two queen beds. We had two large windows looking out on 1st ave. and even though there was construction across the street, the soundproofing is so good we didn't hear a thing. There was a skylight in the front part of the room which allowed me (an early riser) to read the morning paper while my teenage sons slept in the dark part of our room undisturbed. The room had plenty of extra pillows for the very comforable beds, fluffy robes, good coffee and Aveda products in the bathroom.The lobby was never busy. Coffee and tea service in the morning a nice treat and I especially liked the free wine tasting in the evenings.The Alexis charges for parking. I'm really glad I didn't rent a car, it's completely unnecessary in Seattle (great public transit) and parking expensive everywhere.We paid $185 a night. Reasonable for the great location, beautiful quiet room with really comfy beds, great service (ask the very knowledgeable concierge for restaurant suggestions) and free wine. I will stay here whenever I visit my son at college.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice, but not luxury This is a clean, friendly hotel with nice d茅cor and a great location, however it is not exactly a luxury hotel. The concierge doesn't work Sundays or after 6 on weeknights. Our room, one up from the standard room, was smaller than what you would find at the Hilton or Westin for the same price and the furnishings weren't quite as nice. While the hotel does have an incredible glass sculpture on display in the lobby, there wasn't much more art than you would find at a similarly priced hotel. The Aveda Spa, et cetera are all accessed from the street as well as the hotel. The bathroom was nothing special - tub/shower combo are smallish. And, the windows, while beautiful, are far from sound proof. If you stay here, be sure to ask for a room facing away from 1st, unless you like the sounds of traffic and the construction project across the street. All in all, a nice hotel, but what you are really paying for is the location, not luxury.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Nice location downtown. Two blocks from the Waterfront restaurants. Five blocks from Pike place. Hotel staff very friendly and helpful. Cost $26 a night to park your car. Valets park and pick it up for you from the parking garage. Great bed and awsome pillows. High ceilings in room. Has closet instead of wardrobe cabinet. Nice large bathroom, can actually shut and open the door with someone else in the room. Lobby is not spectacular. Free wine tasting every evening and free coffee (yum) and tea in the lobby in the morning. Got a deal on the room from Travelzoo ($140 a night). Regular price is twice that much. This is what I would expect from a Boutique hotel (a person greeted you in the morning for the wakeup call, not an answering machine). Would stay there again.  
<Date>May 4, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dilettare
<Content>Snotty Spa Service I lived in Seattle for 27 years before moving to PA. My mom still lives there. For Mother's Day I called Aveda to purchase a $150 gift certificate for my mom who works downtown.Aveda took my credit card and assured me for an extra $6.50 they'd fedex it to my mom. I recieved a call back that my card did not go through. I apologized noting that I had just moved into a new house and had not changed the address on the card yet. I gave them the correct billing address for the card.Aveda called me back again stating that the card was still no good, untrue, and that they no longer wanted my business.Maybe the employee at the spa wrote down the wrong address? Maybe a little more patience with me and verification and my wonderful mom would have recieved a spa treatment from 3,000 miles away?Snotty Spa Service does not receive good word of mouth especially since my mom works at a prestigous downtown corporation known by all with thousands of employees.My advice, pick another spa!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>randala
<Content>Magnificent, Delightful Hotel Very fussy ex-meeting planner ... LOVED this hotel. From check-in to check-out, they did everything right. I had read on this forum that it can be noisy, so I requested a quiet room, and got one of the best hotel rooms of my entire life. The bathroom was triple the size of mine at home. The bedding was the highest quality; Aveda amenities; spa on premises; cute little bistro too; free pint of Haagen Daz coupon upon check-in was a nice touch. The hotel really is a work of art -- it's everywhere. To a person, every single staff person I encountered seemed to want only to exceed my expectations. And they love pets and welcome them warmly with a cute sign in the lobby. Terrific, helpful concierge. Perfect location right by the waterfront -- most downtown Seattle hotels were several blocks up. Unfortunately for them, there is big construction going on directly across the street of the front of the hotel, so be sure to request a room facing the opposite direction. This hotel was a dream. I didn't want to leave. Truly one of the very best hotel experiences of my life, and I have stayed at hundreds of hotels thru my work.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>steph5803
<Content>Excellent Love this hotel...great location and very comfortable. The rooms are very generous in size and the bathrooms are huge. The room service menu is great and they are FAST! The hotel is located near Pike Place Market which is nice..so you can walk all over the place. Everyone that works there is very kind and the Aveda Spa that located just off the lobby area is a great place to get a nice massage....I usually stay at the Monaco, but they were sold out...this was a perfect substitute..and I would return again!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Power5
<Content>Comfortable My husband and I spent one night away from the children....and we chose to stay at the Alexis in downtown Seattle. The hotel is a small boutique hotel and the previous reviews were mixed. Our experience was pretty good. The room was pretty...not large but not so small that I felt cramped. I did not like the fact that the windows did NOT open...that made me feel a bit claustrophobic but I survived. The bathroom was a little on the worn side but the amenities were very nice. The bed was extremely comfortable with lots of pillows and a down comforter. My only complaints were that we wanted to speak to the concierge and found it difficult to get a hold of her. The street noise was a little on the loud side....but not enough to bother me. This is a pet friendly hotel and I was a bit surprised to see that there were many people checking in with large dogs! When we were checking in these two big dogs were barking away...luckily I never heard them once we got to our room. Nice for dog owners though. Overall a nice hotel.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>geniph
<Content>Want to be spoiled rotten? The Alexis is your hotel. My husband and I stayed at the Alexis for two nights for our 5th anniversary, and ever since, we're spoiled for any other hotel. The front desk staff asked if this was a special occasion, and when I told them it was our 5th anniversary, they upgraded me to an executive corner suite, no extra charge. The suite was HUGE - I've lived in smaller apartments. The bathroom was a sybaritic luxury. The wet bar with microwave was a lovely, unexpected extra.They brought us champagne and chocolates. It wasn't particularly good champagne, but hey, gift horses and all that. The valet service was particularly outstanding; our car was always ready the instant we set foot in the lobby, and the valets were always waiting to open our door the minute we drove up.The complimentary evening wine service was quite nice. The wine selection was good, and we struck up several interesting conversations with fellow guests. That's one of the nice things about staying in a boutique hotel; you tend to get more interesting fellow guests.The hotel isn't perfect; if you open the windows, which I like to do, it is on one of Seattle's busiest corners, so the street noise is pretty extreme. It'd be nice if there was slightly better room air conditioning, but I tend to not like to use that anyway if the windows open. With the windows closed, I noticed very little noise. It's true the hallways are dark and dingy, but who cares? Who spends any time in the halls? One thing that's really outstanding about the Alexis is that you don't really hear other guests in the halls, and you don't hear their doors opening and closing. If you stay in hotels a lot, you'll know what a big deal that is. Even in some very expensive hotels, the noise of the doors slamming is like cannon fire. Not here.What really impressed us was when I called down to request another towel. Instead of just sending a housekeeper with one towel, we got an entire team who replaced all our towels, brought fresh glasses, spruced up the room, turned down the bed, and I don't know what all else. I was blown away by that.My only complaint? I can't stay anywhere else now. I've stayed at some of Seattle's most expensive downtown hotels since, and compared to the Alexis, they might as well have been Motel 6's. I love this place. (If you find a good rate online, by the way, call them to match it. They'll match any Internet rate they can verify.)  
<Date>Jan 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>janemccoy
<Content>Loved the cloud-like bed and private steambath Our one night here was a true vacation. Very professional yet relaxed staff made us feel at home. Proximity to Seattle Art Museum, new Rem Koolhaus-designed library and Public Market gave us plenty to do. Nightly wine-tasting in lobby gave us a chance to check out neighborhood restaurants with concierge and other guests. The steambath was so wonderful there aren't words!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Service From the moment we pulled up we were treated like royalty. Everything we requested was ours and it was a tremendous spot to spend our anniversary celebration.This is definately a place we will return!Kate and Jack  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ItsZep
<Content>Great Hotel.... Only stayed at the Alexis one night, but it was great!Big, clean rooms, very nicely decorated. Comfy bed. Chocolates  turnback at bedtime.Huge bathroom, wonderful deep tub, and powerful shower.Excellent location. Close to everything.We walked to the pier, Pikes Market, and even down to the Monday Night Football game at the new football stadium.Very friendly and helpful staff.Free newspapers at your door when you awaken.Very few negatives:#1. Not much parking and guests are charged $25 to park.#2. We requested a wakeup call at 7:30am, then called back and changed it to 8:30. The wakeup call still came at 7:30, they forgot to change request.All in all the Alexis is a great place to stay.PS: There is a fish restaurant one block away on the same street called McCormick's Fish House  Bar that is very good and open late.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Brian1951
<Content>Better than I imagined I stayed here pre-cruise on September 26. I was totally impressed by the size of these rooms. We were on the second floor facing 1st Avenue. It was so quiet you could hear a pin drop.The room was spotless and there was fresh ice in our ice bucket upon our arrival. We also had complimentary drinks placed near the ice bucket.The bathroom was large enough that you could hold a small party in it if that is you thing. The beds were comfort to the max. I had five pillows on my bed. If I didn't have a ship to board, I could have stayed in my hotel bed all day.There is an Aveda Spa adjacent to the hotel. Alexis places complimentary Aveda products in all the bathrooms. I had breakfast in The Library, Alexis' hotel restaurant. If you asked, they would prepare any breakfast food you desired. However, the menu items were a treat being typical breakfast fare with a gourmet flare. I had pancakes with peach puree inside them, topped off with a whipped cream and spicy berry sauce. It would be an insult to the pancakes to put any syrup on them. I felt very decadent having cappucino with these pancakes.Room rates are above what I am used to spending. But for one night before a Holland America Line cruise, it's nice to splurge a little.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outstanding Seattle hotel, service and location I am an extraordinary picky traveler since I have to travel routinely for business worldwide and stay in many top rated hotels. The Alexis is superb in every respect, and affords the charm of the best of boutique hotels. All staff (from valets to maids to room service personnel to the manager) seem to be expertly trained, and genuinely want to please. The hotel decor is both warm and contemporary (two attributes that do not often go together in hotels), both in the lobby and rooms. Rooms and public spaces exude modern elegance, and are spotlessly clean.Our executive suite was a bargain for the size and comfort level, including a good sized, separate living room, and an oversized bathroom complete with Jacuzzi tub. Our room appeared to be either very recently renovated or expertly maintained, as was the entire second floor public spaces. We noticed little, if any, street noise from our corner room facing Second and Madison, and very much enjoyed the sun streaming through the ample windows in the morning. My partner raved so much about the hotel pillows, that she wrote the brand name down intending to buy them. The mini-bar was heavily stocked, and featured snacks galore including some unusual ones for hotels, such as chips and salsa. The location is outstanding, with little need to walk more than a few blocks to many attractions and restaurants, although cabs are plentiful in front of the hotel. I highly recommend the Alexis, and it is very good value for the money. Note: we received a better rate by going directly to the hotel's website.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suite Review Wife and I stayed in the Alexis ONLY because we won a free night in one of their suites. We typically wouldn't pay 200-300/night for a room :) So we were excited to be staying in a nice room, etc., but keep in mind we usually don't stay in nice places. Wasn't sure how many stars to give, so let me just make a few points that come to mind (useful points, in my opinion): Good location if visiting downtown Seattle. NOISY **************** Our windows RATTLED/VIBRATED...it's funny because I asked the front desk (I was really nice, since we were staying for free, but I would have been pissed if I'd paid) if anyone had ever complained. Nooooo, they said, surprised/confused. Hm.....anyway, they weren't really nice, but they were accomodating and moved us right away into another room. Crazy thing is: I saw another person on here complain about the rattling windows (VERY LOUD- WAKES YOU UP). They totally lied, in my opinion, about the windows. I can't remember which side they moved us to, sorry - but you could mention the problem and make sure you get the quiet-er side. Once we were moved to the room with no window problem, we were able to sleep very peacefully. VERY comfortable King bed in the suite. VERY comfortable. We loved the bed. Nice bathroom. Aveda products in the bathroom. Aveda shop downstairs in hotel (nice smells in elevator and hallway). Didn't notice musty smells or anything like some people mentioned on here - perhaps because it was a suite floor? Don't know. Liked the high ceilings in the room - very roomy, even if the room is small. Our second suite was smaller (no hallway like the first). Weird art, but hey...Seattle's supposed to be known for its art, right? Around 6pm (can't remember) they give you free wine in the lobby, white or red, and water colors to make your own postcard...as well as FREE CHAIR MASSAGE (ahhhhhhh). Loved the massage. No one was there, so we got 20 min' back massage (in chair) for free. Yes, we tipped. They put this stupid tray of goodies in your suite (with RIDICULOUS PRICES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!) So stay away from the tray - unless your filthy rich, I guess :) We put ours in the closet first thing. I'd definitely stay there again if it were free, or maybe 150?. Don't think it's worth 300, though. :) And I hate the fact that they lie to you about the sound, though they are helpful, I guess. Oh yeah...valet parking is expensive there (if you have a car...and they do make you valet...and parking nearbye is very expensive as well, so don't bother trying to find any...just use valet).  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lacevan
<Content>Alexis Hotel is wonderful We recently stayed at the Alexis for 3 nights. Everything was wonderful from start to finish. We were greeted warmly by the valets and desk clerks everytime we entered or left the hotel, and they were eager to help us with anything we needed. The room was clean and comfortable, and the bathroom was spacious and well stocked with Aveda products. The Bookstore bar in the lobby was a great spot for both a meal and a nightcap, and the staff there was top notch. I cannot stress enough how fantastic the location is! The evening wine service was a definite plus. Don't pass up this great boutique hotel! I know that we will be visiting Seattle again, and I can't imagine staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Boutique Hotel The Alexis Hotel is a great boutique hotel in the center of the city. Almost everything is walking distance from this hotel - Pike's Place is 3 blocks away, the shopping district is 4 blocks. I was not at all expecting the hotel room we received. The room was huge, and the bed was incredibly comfortable (better than the heavenly bed). The noise that some complain about was barely noticable from our 1st Ave room. The hotel featured a fabulous Chihuly blown glass sculpture in the entryway. Free wine tasting and coffee service are a plus. I would recommend this hotel to anyone going to Seattle. The customer service was good, the hotel was clean, and you can't beat the location. Avoid the chain hotels and stay at the Alexis.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LARS6743
<Content>Great time at the Alexis We just returned from Seattle. I chose the Alexis based on the location, free wine tasting (my sister loved that part) and Fodor's. Good thing I didn't read the review about the bed bugs because I would have passed on a wonderful hotel. Our suite was huge with a very comfortable bed and large sitting area. The staff is excellent. The watercolor postcards in the lobby from 5-6 p.m. was alot of fun. My 12 year old was happily entertained as the rest of us chatted . One night an artist showed up and did quick sketches of all of us. FREE! We tipped but still it was a very nice touch. This hotel is very much for people that don't like cookie cutter hotels. I'm a four star type and I was pleased.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Stay away from the Alexis! The flea (or bed bug) bites that my sister endured, alone, would qualify this place as a dive. Throw in windows that do not insulate against the street noise, stinky musty rooms, poor lighting that made working difficult, an additional fee for wireless internet access (this was included in the nightly rate at the 2 other Kimpton hotels we've stayed at), teeny-tiny bathrooms and this place is a very poor value. The staff was nice enough and the place is close to the tourist areas but there are many better choices in Seattle.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IndyAngie0427
<Content>Peaceful Oasis in the Urban Jungle From the welcoming smiles of the valet attendants to the friendly and fast room service to the cozy feeling of coming home that greeted us with the evening鈥檚 turn-down service, The Alexis Hotel proved a peaceful oasis when my partner and I visited the city on business July 21-25.Overall, we found the staff, service, surroundings, and accommodations to be above average and in keeping with our expectations of smaller, 鈥渂outique鈥?hotels. We鈥檇 been flying all day from the east and were so ready to enjoy the room鈥檚 amenities when we checked in. We found our room on the 3rd floor overlooking 1st Avenue (which did prove to be quite nosy on Friday and Saturday night with hopped-up cars 鈥渃ruising鈥?The Strip 鈥?but otherwise was okay) to be very well kept and welcoming, with a fluffy duvet covering the firm but comfortable mattress. The feather pillows stacked artfully along the headboard proved far too soft for our liking, but the front desk staff immediately sent up firmer ones upon request. Our room received lots of beautiful sunshine in the early morning and again in the evening, uncommon and appreciated in an urban setting.Our room was a very welcomed retreat and whenever we 鈥渃ame home鈥? we were always struck by how clean and fresh-smelling it was (like orange blossoms), and finding the bed turned down, a small light and radio left on, and chocolates waiting on the pillow was very comforting at the end of the day. In the evenings, we liked to kick back and sneak treats from the well-stocked in-room snack and beverage selection, and the Aveda bath products that The Alexis provides were also a nice touch.One of the things that struck us most was the warmth and hospitality of the hotel staff. We had the occasion to interact frequently with the front desk staff, Concierge, room service attendants, wait staff in the attached Library Bar  Grille, valets, and even a maintenance man who was doing some paint touch-ups one day in the lobby. Without fail, everyone always offered a smile and a few kinds words which, when you鈥檙e traveling and missing familiar surroundings, can mean so much. Although Seattle is a very picturesque city with so many interesting and unique things to see and do, we did find our first experience of the place marred by the very large and visible street community (which we鈥檇 read about beforehand but thought was an exaggeration). Even though The Alexis is in the heart of the tourist district in what I would classify as a 鈥渘ice鈥?neighborhood, there鈥檚 no getting away from it, from what we saw, ANYWHERE downtown. Which is why I refer to The Alexis as 鈥渁n oasis鈥?鈥?because that is truly what we found it to be, in all respects. Despite whatever my perceived shortcomings of the city itself might be, I would absolutely recommend The Alexis for its accommodations, staff, and convenient walk to many of Seattle鈥檚 most popular attractions.  
<Date>Jul 26, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chnkylvr
<Content>Charming Hotel, Great Location I was very pleased with the Alexis. It's a charming little hotel within walking distance to the Pike Market, shops, restaurants and everything else I needed. The staff was friendly and courteous, especially the valet staff and bell hops. They had one of the most comfortable hotel beds I've ever slept in.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>olinemother
<Content>This is a great hotel Thank you to those of you who reviewed this hotel. I picked this hotel based on your reviews  I was not disappointed and most pleasantly suprised. The hotel staff were so polite and accomodating. Our room was lovely, spacious, and well appointed. The proximity of the hotel to the Public Market , Starbucks and great eating establishments was an added bonus. This is a great place to stay prior to taking a cruise as you are a $5.00 taxi ride away from the Bell Street cruise terminal. One other note, we booked our room directly through the hotel website  paid $140.00 per night!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unimpressed, As Well. Low Value Hotel. My wife and I occasionally will spend the night downtown and enjoy an evening in city. We decided to stay at the Alexis and were not terribly impressed. We paid about $350 for a spa suite. The bathroom and tub were large and nice. However, not exceptional. The room itself was quite ordinary. Nothing impressive at all. For the expense, I would expect some impressive or exceptional aspects of the hotel or room and there was nothing. The best thing about the hotel is the location, but that was about it for us.We won't be staying at or recommending the Alexis, again.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ResortSpaLady
<Content>Will return to the Alexis   showReview(2122367, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>626calgal
<Content>The John Lennon Suite is Great!   showReview(1831933, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vjacobse
<Content>Unimpressed with the Alexis   showReview(1807361, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 21, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JBrough476
<Content>We had a great time   showReview(1544314, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved The Alexis Hotel   showReview(1532673, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel - Super Location!   showReview(1283536, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fab Hotel   showReview(1230870, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Boutique Hotel   showReview(1136582, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel!   showReview(834674, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Boutique Hotel   showReview(830171, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 31, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zizgig
<Content>Fantastique S茅jour   showReview(19015659, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>empfehlenswert   showReview(18537880, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(15561133, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈︺偐銉笺偪銉笺儠銉兂銉堛伀杩戙亜楂樼礆銉涖儐銉紒   showReview(19165164, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

