<Author>VictoriaSommers
<Content>Location turns out to be fine but small room and average service! Overrated!!       One of my HK friends checking out on the  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	3	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Jimmy069
<Content>So convenient for the airport       view from hotel room  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>maha86
<Content>contemporary It was my first time to stay in this hotel and I was surprised on how modern it looked. I stayed in a double twin sharing room, beds are comfortable and felt very clean. It's beside/connected to the outlet mall which gives you easy access to great shopping deals on sale! Also, it is very near Hong Kong disneyland and the cable car station if you want to go to Lantau island.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>awesomeworld
<Content>Lovely Great hotel location, friendly nice staff, good service. Room, linens,etc.. so clean.We have pool view room.MTR is just 3mins walk. We have a NICE TRIP TO dISNEYLAND. The next day, we visited the Big Buddha. Magnificent! worth visiting. Cable car station (to Big Buddha) is just a minute walk from the hotel. Try the Golden Siam Resto beside the Taste supermarket. Food is yummy and reasonable price.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adz69
<Content>Very nice hotel We planned to bring the kids to HK Disneyland for the holidays. Since we have 3 active boys and a baby, we decided to forgo trips to downtown Hong Kong and concentrate with just Disneyland.We found Novotel Citygate through TripAdvisor. With the great reviews and location, we decided to stay here. It was a fantastic decision!Novotel is attached to Citygate Outlet Mall, which in itself is a shopping heaven. There is also a supermarket downstairs for us to get some snacks to eat in the room.There is also an MTR station in the mall which is 2 stops from Disneyland. We don't have to contend with rush hour and all that.The hotel itself is new so decor is very nice. We had to take 2 adjoining rooms, 1 with a Queen bed and the other with 2 single beds. The room with the single beds has a bathroom with a bathtub. The room with the Queen bed has separate shower and WC area. The view was of the mountains.The staff was also very friendly and helpful. The hotel provides a free airport shuttle every 15 mins.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Vintagebabe
<Content>NOT your usual Novotel I stayed here recently and was most delightfully surprised by the quality of the rooms and service. Novotel, in my mind, has always been associated with basic service, adequate rooms, and bland decor. This hotel does not fit this picture. My room was very large, great decor, with a bathrrom/dressing room which stretched the entire length of the room. In addition, I had a gorgeous view of the water and mountains. The service was excellent. The front desk couldnt have been more helpful. In addition, the hotel is connected to the subway (through a mall) . Although this is really an airport hotel, it is very fast and convenient to HK. In addition, this location has some of the tranquility that HK lacks.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MeeesterB
<Content>Very Impressed We stayed here overnight while waiting for an onward flight from Hong Kong the next day and I'd definitely recommend this hotel.Firstly, there is a free, air conditioned shuttle bus from the airport, which only took 10 minutes. The hotel is fairly new, very clean and looks great. Check in was quick and easy and we were shown to our room in no time.The rooms themselves were modern, smart, comfortable and very well equipped. Large-screen TV, plenty of storage space and a smart, open plan bathroom (don't worry, the toilet and shower still have doors!).We didn't have time to have breakfast as our flight was early but there was a large restaurant and a smaller bar, both of which looked good. The hotel is connected to a shopping centre, which was useful for killing some time in the evening.Overall, I'm happy for choosing the Citygate as an overnight stopover hotel.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>FamilyOPoole
<Content>Loved the hotel overall Stayed at Novotel Citygate for one night as had an early flight the next morning. The hotel was superb, modern, clean, good quality furnishing .Very helpful reception staff. It's close to the airport, to the Tung Chung line into Central Hong Kong and for the cable car to Lantau (fab trip) The rooms were very nice if small and we wish we'd had time to use the pool. Nice views of islands from upper floors.The bar food was good value and good quality and service was with a smile. Rather wished we had stayed at this hotel for the full 4 days rather than using the Novotel in Nathan Road but it is quite a way out of town.Would stay again and recommend fully.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>stinkybennetts
<Content>Best overall for the Business Traveller As a regular business traveller this is one of the best and at the top of my list of stays that I frequent throughout the Asia Pacific region. It is well-located to HKIA and very convenient to HK Central and downtown areas via the MTR. The hotel excellently caters for the needs of the business traveller and also has one of the best restaurants i have found in my travels, offering a very different experience with mix of spanish/western and asian cuisines. The room are very comfortable and if you travel throughout asia, you will know how the beds are generally, but the Novotel again suits my needs. The pool is tremendous in a quite different enviroment to that of the noisy city. The facilities are first class. Overall, visiting HKG regulaly and having stayed downtown, i would highly recommend this as a great alternative.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>KyleSterry
<Content>Very spacious I booked this at a last minute for an overnight stopover and choose this one for its proximity to the airport and its free airport shuttle and is certainly a lot cheaper than the in-airport hotel. Took a while to find the service desk at the airport for the shuttle bus - I think it's in Terminal 1, desk B16.The views were amazing, with ceiling to floor windows spanning the width of the room. The room was modern and pleasant to the eye, and although I got the cheapest possible rate, it was a very spacious room with queen-size bed, desk, large flatscreen TV which has, amongst others, Bloomberg and BBC World but no CNN. The bathroom was a strange concept, part of the bedroom yet it isn't - I think it was a great design, but probably not ideal for those with young kids.Internet is chargeable - there's an in-room ethernet cable and supposedly a wifi connection, but did not see it on this occasion. The dinner buffet had lots of options for HKD$128 per person.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Aussie4761
<Content>Aussie legend Was in Hong Kong for the rugby (pity about the result). Great place close to the airport and MTR rail transport. Great shopping centre with outlets stores for all the main brands.Used the free shuttle to the airport.Rooms great/clean and seemed new. Staff always helpful.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jaykayess
<Content>Novotel Citygate: Good hotel; Superb location My wife and I stayed at the Novotel Citygate, Hong Kong, for 3 nights in October 2008. We'd been planning a getaway to Hing Kong for some time, and had researched all the hotel reviews here on tripAdvisor before making our choice.We picked this hotel for three reasons:1. Excellent reviews2. They accepted American Express reward point vouchers (which is what I used to pay for my room, so it was essentially free)3. LocationWe were extremely happy with our choice and had an excellent stay overall. Let me clarify that I cannot comment on value for money, since I used reward points, and did not pay for the room at all.Our good experience started with the reservation process way back in July. They told us that there was no availability for the dates we wanted. But I sent a simple e-mail requesting them to reconsider, as it was a special ocassion for us. Within a couple of days, they got back to us with a confirmed reservation.I must mention that there are many hotels who do not like to accomodate non-paying guests like us who use vouchers. But despite knowing that we were using vouchers, they gave us a confirmation, which I interpret as a very positive customer attitude.The second good experience was with the free airport transfer. (The hotel is situated hardly 10-15 minutes drive from Lap Chek Kok airport.) Novotel has their own shuttle bus running every 15 minutes, and we had no trouble at all in finding the shuttle desk on arrival at the airport, and were promptly and efficiently transported to the hotel.Check-in smooth (even with our vouchers), but the only hitch was that since our flight had landed at 9.15 a.m, we were in the hotel by 10 a.m., but they told us that our room would only be ready at noon. So after a 6-hour flight from Bombay, we had to kill a couple of hours in the attached mall (more on that below). I found the front desk guy to be a bit rigid on this, and got some irritated vibes from him, but didn't bother pushing too hard as we wanted our holiday to be a totally relaxing experience and starting off with an argument was not a good way to do that.The room was ready by the time we sauntered back at around 12.30 pm. It seems to be a very new hotel, because everything looked and felt new in the room, and that's always nice. I've stayed in many hotels that are luxurious but old, and even though they were spotlessly maintained, nothing beats the feel of a new room. In fact, because of this, we could overlook the fact that the room was actually quite small - much smaller than the visual impression you get from seeing the pictures on their website.Everything in our 11th floor room worked as it should: Air-conditioning, TV, shower (hand-shower plus a rain shower - no bathtub), room lighting, etc. The room was very quiet and we did not even hear any noise from the aircraft taking off from the airport, which we could see from the window. We also had a pretty good view of a little garden of a nearby apartment complex, and the rest of the view was wide open and green - not rural, but not at all what you would expect in a megapolis and one of the world's most densely populated cities.Now about the location: For us, this was an absolute highlight of our stay.First of all, Lantau island is completely different from Hong Kong island or the mainland (Kowloon), because it's not crowded or over-developed.Next, the hotel itself is contiguous with one of the largest malls in Hong Kong - the Citygate outlet mall. All you do is take an escalator from the lobby and you're in the mall. Bliss!!Third, the mall has an MTR station right inside it (Tung Chung station). So you are connected into the system effortlessly and don't ever have to step out to take a bus or taxi. We bought Octopus pre-paid cards on the first day and went everywhere using the MTR - Hong kong, Kowloon, the bus to Po-Ling... Extremely convenient, clean, safe, fast, comfortable and hassle-free. Works well for 1 or 2 people (taxi may trun out cheaper for a family of 4). It took us 20-25 minutes by MRT to reach Hong Kong Central.Finally, the location was very convenient to us for sightseeing. One of the attractions that we were interested in was the giant Buddha statue near Po Lin monastery. If we'd been living in a hotel in Hong Kong or Kowloon, we'd have had to take the MTR to Tung Ching station to go there. But guess what - we were already there! (We didn't know about this when we made our reservation). All we had to do was take the cable car or bus from outside the mall to go up to the monastery and statue.Incidentally, for those interested in visiting ong Kong Disneyland, Tung Chung station is just one MRT stop away from the stop for Disneyland.FOOD: We are strict vegetarians and were aware that we have very limited choices. Also, since we were not paying for the rooms, breakfst was not included in our vouchers.We did not eat at any of the hotel restaurants, or order anything from room service at all. We normally depend on four sources of food: (a) International fast food chains with known menus/ingredients (e.g. Pizza Hut) (b) Carrying some of our own dry/packaged food from home (c) local Indian restaurants and (d) buying ingredients from supermarkets if we have access to basic cooking facilities.In this case, it was a mix of the first three. There is ample choice of restaurants in Citygate mall. Also, there is a fully stocked supermarket on the ground floor of the mall. And there are quite a few Indian restaurants on Hong Kong island. For breakfast, we picked up cereal, bread and juice for breakfast from the supermarket and ate in the room. The hotel staff was very helpful in providing cutlery and crockery every morning. Tea and coffee were also available as part of the room amenities.For check-out, we requested a two-hour extension, i.e., 2 pm instead of 12 noon. But again, the front desk guy very firmly refused, saying they were full and could not accomodate us. It was quite apparent from the vast empty lobby that they were not really anywhere near full!I again sensed an unwillingness on his part to even try - he just shook his head and said no. Not rude or anytthing, but completely unshakeable and unapologetic about it. Maybe it had something to do with the fact that we were paying with vouchers...???But anyway, he let us leave our bags at the concierge, and we could do some last day shopping in the mall and then take the 4 pm free shuttle to the airport.So overall, an excellent stay. I've taken off one star only for their unwillingness to help us with early check-in / late check-out.I'd strongly recommend this hotel to anyone who wants a peaceful stay near Hong kong without being in the midst of the crowded city and yet with quick and convenient access to the districts of Central, Wan Chai, Kowloon, or anywhere on the MRT network.  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	5	

<Author>annabanananana
<Content>Nice hotel, perfect for exploring Lantau Island.       Another one :)  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FreebieNZ
<Content>Great location, great hotel This is a great hotel in a great location. It is a modern, up-market hotel and the rooms are very nice and well presented. The free shuttle bus only 5 mins from the airport and easy train ride to the city  tourist attractions make this very convenient for travellers.The adjacent outlet shopping mall is an added bonus as is the coffee shop, which serves the best coffee in HK! The train station is located in the same complex and HK city is less than half an hour away. To cap off a memorable stay, the staff were friendly, polite and efficient. The hotel had a very friendly feel to it and I will certainly stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheSeaEagle
<Content>Great stay in Hong Kong Stayed at the City gate in Hong Kong for 2 nights had a great time the food and service was fantastic and all the staff where very friendly and helpful.Whilst the Hotel is classed as an airport Hotel it is a very modern up-market hotel only 5 mins from the airport via a free shuttle bus the shopping mall next door is huge with all the outlet stores selling very well priced items, if you want to go into town it is very easy with the MTR station located within the complex and is only a 25 min trip to Hong Kong Island.A great place to stay would recommend anyone going to Hong Kong to try this Hotel.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Natalie1274
<Content>Stopover convenience We stayed on a one night stopover and the location was perfect. It allowed us visit the Ngong Ping sky gondola ride and shop at the Citygate factory outlets, all without having to catch transport. We stayed on the Executive Floor with private check in/out facilities and lounge/business facilities where the service was second to none. The rooms were modern and well appointed and when the TV didn't work they came and replaced it within the hour. Breakfast offered a wide range of international cuisine and we ate dinner at Olea Restaurant on the premises which we enjoyed. There is an airport shuttle that runs every 15 minutes for added convenience. Unlike other stopover locations this one has a real buzz to it and we wish we could have stayed longer.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kyleigh
<Content>Great airport hotel and maybe more! This hotel is about a $40HK ride from the airport. They have a shuttle also, which runs every 15 minutes. The moment you walk into the lobby, you get a sense of the style that you are in for at this hotel. It is very contemporary and sleek. The room was great! It was very stylish, with a very comfortable bed and floor to ceiling windows and a large flat screen tv. I had a bit of a hard time figuring out the light system in the room. I ordered the pizza from room service and it was pretty good and reasonably priced. There is a mall connected to the hotel with all kinds of shopping and restaurants. Also, there is public transportation that supposedly can take you downtown very quickly. I found the staff to be a bit cold, but overall, I think the hotel is a great choice for an overnight from the airport. It might even be a good choice for other areas if you take public transportation.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lena_lars
<Content>Great hotel and perfect location       Cable car view of the hotel  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>nothingbutthebest
<Content>Closest hotel to Hong Kong Airport This is the closest hotel to Hong Kong Intl Airport, so it is great if you have an early morning flight. Big, modern, clean, efficient, and very friendly hotel, right beside an excellent outlet mall called Citygate Outlets. Walking distance to the MTR which brings you to Hong Kong in about 20 minutes, and also very convevnient for Disneyland. Hotel is really first class, with good sized rooms, excellent restaurant, nice lobby bar with music, and very friendly and helpful staff. Hotel runs shuttle to and from airport, but you may have to wait a while particularly on arrival in Hong Kong. If you can't wait, a taxi will bring you to the hotel for around HKD 50 (鈧?5 or so). Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>rai4a
<Content>great place for early flights Stayed here with a friend around the olympic opening ceremony. Its location is the main reason we chose it - since we had an 8 a.m flight. The hotel has its own shuttle bus from the airport, which was very convenient for us. We didn't have any problem finding the hotel shuttle sign, but we did wait some 10 minutes until it actually took us to the hotel.The hotel is big but with simple decoration, just like our room. We didn't find anything extraordinary, but we had a clean, comfortable room with enough space for us and our luggage, which is pretty much what we were looking for. We found the bathroom's glass-wall to be interesting, but we chose to had it closed during our stay. Too bad they didn't have toothpaste/brush - or is it common in HK hotels? One thing, they seemed to have a renovation during the day - we could hear lots of knocking on the wall - but since we were mainly wandering around outside, it didn't bother us much.Another thing, the hotel is connected to a large shopping center that's also connected to a MRT station. So although it took us around 30 minutes to the center of the city, we didn't have any problem with traveling around - and lots of space, since the station was a terminal. We didn't do any shopping in the shopping center, but we liked the food court! Many Asian food to choose for a very reasonable price. The Ngong Ping (Great Buddha) and Disneyland are also within the proximity so I think Novotel Citygate provided us good footwork for sightseeing.Breakfast was already included in our room charge, but if I could choose, I would use that extra money to eat somewhere else. Aside from this, it was worth all the money we paid.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>jane56
<Content>Good hotel, handy to the airport We wanted a comfortable hotel that was close to the airport. The Novotel served its purpose well. We booked a standard room only but found it fine for a 2 night stay with a nice bathroom and comfy bed. We didn鈥檛 have any problems catching the free shuttle to the hotel but agree with a previous reviewer that a taxi would have been a good alternative as the hotel is only 10 minutes drive tops. One of the advantages of this hotel is its close proximity (few minutes walk) to the MTR and also the cable car that takes you to the Big Buddha. The attached shopping complex is handy. The breakfast was very pleasant with a nice ambience. We found all the staff very polite. We would definitely recommend this hotel if a hotel close to the airport is required. It did not seem like an 鈥渁irport鈥?hotel despite its location.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Ron1955
<Content>Good Value but with flaws To be honest when I booked in to this hotel I had just had 3 days at the Langham Place so anything was going to struggle to compareThe location is great right on the MTR ,next to a shopping centre and 5 mins form the Airport...by taxiI had lots of issues with the shuttle. Going to the Airport was quite quick ,except they dropped me at the wrong place despite my protesting.Comming from the Airport takes ages by the time you find the desk and wait,then walk to the bus,then wait on the bus.Forget it and get a local taxi ..about $6 Aussie dollarsThe rooms were clean ,nothing special .The lift didnt seem to be Airconditioned.If you have an early flight this hotel probably gets you a hours more sleep .  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	3	4	

<Author>jayagopal50
<Content>good location for early am departure or late night arrival Stayed @ Novotel due late arrival of Nothwest flight @2300 and early departure@ 0820.Hotel bus picks up and drops off.Clean rooms, good swedish like decor,comfortable beds and good buffett.Attached to a outlet mall and metro to downtown hongkong is about 30 minutes.for people on stop-overs with early flights it lessens anxiety of getting up way early and getting to airport.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>grasal001
<Content>Fantastic location We stayed here on our last night in Hong Kong and loved it.The hotel is in a great location and with the shopping mall in the same complex and all in air conditioned comfort, it makes for an enjoyable stay.The room was quite large, was ultra modern in design and we will stay there on our next trip on the night prior to leaving.The open plan bathroom layout is not what a couple of just friends would like as there is no privacy to get changed but for a couple it is great, as well the separate shower cubicle and WC is a great idea.The MTR station is in the same complex and a short shuttle bus away from the airport.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>NewlywedsDL
<Content>A Superb Hotel       Entrance  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Speedbird223
<Content>Great value for money, solid stay.       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	3	5	

<Author>Birdie07
<Content>Excellent hotel close to airport We stayed at the Novotel Citygate for business..The hotel is ultra-modern, clean and contemporary. The rooms are nicely decorated, bright and fresh. The staff are friendly and the food is great.It鈥檚 attached to the Citygate outlet shopping centre, which also has a bus terminal and train station (MTR) which is convenient.It鈥檚 not in the city, so I would recommend this hotel for a stopover or for someone that needs to be in the airport area.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>The_TravellerSg
<Content>Great, would love to stay again!!! Booked this hotel as I need to fly off the next day for an early flight and the hotel is like 10 mins away from the airport. They do provide complimentary shuttle service to airport which is good.Checking in was a breeze and the hotel is right next to Citygate shopping Mall, a factory outlet-styled shopping mall, which is a rare find in Hong Kong. The food court at the shopping mall does serve decent food and the hotel is also next to Tung Chung MTR station. If you intend to stay in Hong Kong for a few days, it is still advisable to stay in Kowloon or Hong Kong Island rather than Lantau Island where this hotel is located.The room is very nice and clean with very comfy bed. What I like most is the bathroom or should I say bath space as the wash basin is not within a room. The open concept makes the room looks more spacious and overall a very comfy feel. The only complaint is probably the lighting along the corridor which is dim.Did not tried out any of the restaurants in the hotel but can see that they are quite packed on the weekend I was there.Overall this is a highly recommended hotel which I certainly will stay again in my next business trip.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Emma0804
<Content>Trendy and chic - love it! For a quick stopover or for a bit longer, this hotel has a great vibe, trendy and chic. Fantastic Italian restaurant and the best buffet breakfast ever! Cool bar and even has a pool. For a little indulgence the hotel is attached to a fantastic outlet shopping mall, designer stuff for 'oh so cheap'. You'll never want to leave!  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ValVil
<Content>Quick stopover near airport We chose this hotel for the reason it seemed almost everyone else staying there had chosen it...as a quick overnight stopover between flights.Our flight arrived about 10:30 PM in Hong Kong. You must go to one of the limousine service counters that services this hotel to get the hotel shuttle. This was not immediately obvious and took us some time to discover. Then we had to wait for 20 minutes or so...and then we had to walk from the service counter with a group of other travellers for another 20 minutes to reach the loading point of the shuttle. It seems there could be a better system. If we did not have so many people and so much luggage, I think it would be worth taking taxi instead...much more efficient and Hong Kong taxis are very reasonable in price.By the time we arrived and checked in, we were hungry, but too tired to get something to eat, so we ordered room service. Service was quick and efficient and food quality was quite good...better than expected based on previous experiences with Novotel hotels.The only relatively minor negative we could identify is that the rooms are ultra modern, including glass walls to the bathroom, with no way to close/hide anything. If travelling with partner where privacy is an issue, we would not recommend this hotel.While we generally stay at higher end hotels, this hotel served the purpose and was very comfortable and we would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>Wildlilac
<Content>Nice hotel Stayed for one night at this hotel and it was great! The room is comfortable, clean and affordable. An outlet mall is attached to this hotel, and there is a food court if you prefer to sample local food at a cheaper price, although the breakfast at the hotel is worth the money (HKD118 per person). There is a free airport shuttle service that starts at 6am and it is less than 10-minutes away. The staff are friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>rickyb62
<Content>Good Novotel       from our room  
<Date>Jul 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mdelallana
<Content>Very Nice Hotel The hotel was very nice, staff was very helpful. Location was excellent, if you don't mind staying outside HongKong city proper. Hotel provided free shuttle service to and from airport, and we just took the Airport Express from the airport to get to the city. Although you can also take the local MTR train which is very close, as in walking distance, from the hotel.Hotel is directly connected to the outlet shopping center, which also has 3 restaurants, a huge food court and a grocery on the ground floor.Rooms are small but very clean and modern. You have to pay for Wi-Fi internet access.Overall, the hotel was very convenient especially for those who are only spending a short time in HongKong.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	3	3	

<Author>two trees
<Content>Brilliant Transit Hotel We stayed at this hotel for a night in January whilst in transit from London to Saigon. All of the good things reported by previous Tripadvisor members duly happened. The airport transfer was very efficient and quick.We had reserved an Executive room which turned out not to be over-large, but was pleasant and well equipped and was accompanied by the usual Executive Floor privileges. We dined in Olea Restaurant which was quite nice in a mediterranean sort of way.This hotel entirely suited our needs at the time. It was modern, comfortable, clean, efficient and near the airport. The staff were pleasant and helpful, and we would certainly use it again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelingJournal
<Content>Great stopover hotel Used this hotel as a stopover on our honeymoon. Very very short distance from the airport (you can actually see the planes land and take off from our room with great detail) and the hotel itself is modern and clean. We had our room upgraded into one of the executive level rooms on the top floor. Great view of the cable cars as they go into the mountains. The room itself had a king size bed, a tv with plethora of channels, internet connection in the room, and a bathroom that made you want to convert your home bathroom into a modern masterpiece. The bathroom has a shower stall and a bath tub. The tub also has a tv there, so you will never miss your tv show while you are relaxing in the hot water.We also got to eat breakfast for free at the hotel, and the breakfast brunch was better than advertised. They had 6 types of bread laid out for you to cut out, eastern and western style food (muffins, scrambled eggs, congee, dim sum, etc). The hotel itself is connected to a mall. Be sure to check out their food court. Regular people living in the apartments near the hotel stop by to eat and pick up food there. Try what they try. It's pretty good actually. Also check out the grocery store at the lower level of the mall. We saw a cage full of frogs and a beaten down hammer on top of the cage. Not the most humane sight, but reminded me that I am most definately in Hong Kong.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snippet_sf
<Content>Very nice hotel I chose to stay at this hotel due to the positive TripAdvisor reviews. The hotel lived up to expectations. It was clean, stylish, well located near the airport (great for early flights) and just steps away from the rail station that takes you downtown in 20 minutes. To get to the rail station you exit the hotel into the Citygate Outlet Mall (major retailers have shops here) and take the escalator down to the bottom floor. Easy!My only gripe was the hotel shuttle bus. Figuring out how to catch it from the airport was confusing. At the airport there's a hotel shuttle desk, but they don't operate the Novotel Citygate shuttle so they tell you to watch the door where the Novotel shuttle regularly stops. The problem is the shuttle doesn't necessarily use that stop and there's no announcement made when it arrives. The buses all look the same so it is hard to tell which one is the Novotel bus (even though it say Novotel across the side of the bus) from inside the terminal. This mean you have to keep jumping up and running outside to get a closer look. I don't understand is why the shuttle driver doesn't walk inside and announce the shuttle's arrival or hold up a sign! Seems simple enough to me. I took the shuttle 3 times and each time I felt like I'd only caught it by accident.Other than the shuttle the hotel was great. I would stay again and recommend it to a friend.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ginkomama
<Content>Best hotel ever!!! This hotel is the best hotel I have ever stayed in. The hotel is modern and so are the rooms. We stayed for 10 nights and it was quiet and we slept soundly and the air con was quiet too. Enjoyed the outlook over the pool and the nice comfy bed. Staff are very courteous and quick to help. We did eat at the resturant and the food was delicious.The shopping mall attached is a great way to spend a day and provides extra restuarants to try.Pool was clean and warm and we thorougly enjoyed ourselves. Being close to the airport is a bonus and the free shuttle was prompt.STAY STAY STAY here next time you are in Hong Kong. You will not be dissapointed.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>RealTimeTraveller
<Content>Excellent hotel for overnight transit stay An excellent hotel for overnight stay when transiting through Hong Kong flights. The rooms were modern, clean, bright  airy. Everything works (i.e., air-conditioning etc). Service was very prompt, so I did not have to wait long for room keys.The bonus for this hotel is that they do offer free airport to hotel  hotel to airport transfer service. This is very handy and saves you an extra expense.Connected to the hotel is a large shopping centre, which is very convenient if you happen to have a need to purchase clothing, batteries etc in the last minute. The restaurant looks very tempting with the type of food they offer, but I was too exhausted from my flight to dine out. Maybe next time...I'll definitely select this hotel if I'm transiting through Hong Kong again next time. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jun 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Wellingtonian
<Content>Excellent stopover option We (two adults and our five year old son) stayed at the Novotel Citygate for a one night stopover between New Zealand and Belgium on 18 May 2008. The transfer to the hotel by shuttle was swift and friendly. We were let into our room by 9:30 am for which we were very grateful after a long flight. All our dealings with reception were courteous and friendly. The room was spacious (allowing for a rollaway for our son), slightly puzzling in terms of design. One drawback is the integration of the bathroom into the room (not for any privacy reasons but for the inconvenience of not having a separate area where the light could be switched on without having to disturb sleeping fellow travellers). Also, the water from the shower leaked into the room. The pool and garden area was lovely and peaceful. Another huge advantage is the City Gate mall with its shops and restaurants -- we had fantastic Vietnamese food at Deli Vietnam. There are huge residential apartment blocks adjacent to the hotel and we shopped at absolute bargain prices at the local small supermarket. The six o'clock shuttle the next morning took us back to the airport with plenty of time to check in for our 8:55 am flight on to London. We would definitely return.  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cliff-Ange
<Content>Fantasic , Novotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel in April 2008. The hotel has a complimentary shuttle bus from the airport to the hotel which runs every 15 - 30 minutes. The hotel is a 7 minute drive from the airport. Rooms were spacious and extremely clean. Staff was polite and helpful.Attached to the hotel was the City Gate Outlet and shopping was so cheap . It had all the brand names you can possibly think off. Cable car up to Lantau Island was a 5 minute stroll away and the subway (MTR) into Kowloon was 3 minutes walk. It took approx 20 minutes to get into Kowloon.We will be staying there again in the future.Ange  Cliff (Melbourne , Australia)  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HanD
<Content>A large functional hotel near the airport I agree with the majority of the positve comments on this website, I have noted a few additional points below: Positives - Shuttle bus to airport regular and efficient (gate B16 in arrivals)- 25 mins from Hong Kong on the Tung Chung line which is quite a quiet line so you wont have to stand all the way. - At the same stop as the big Buddha and one stop from Disneyworld on MTR (tube)- Attached to large shopping mall with range of eateries and coffee places. - Business centre was 40HKD for an hours use and although it officially closes earlier reception staff will let you use it late evening if you ask nicely! The price includes internet and printing. Negatives - Room was a bit noisy - it was quite near the lifts though - The exact room we booked (non smoking double) wasnt available although we had paid in advance.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>IrishDave
<Content>Excellent Short Stay Hotel This is a great airport hotel and is only about 10 minutes from the airport. The hotel has a free shuttle from the airport which runs every 20 minutes. When you come through arrivals, turn to the right and go to the end, we gave our name in and within 10 minutes we were on the shuttle for the short trip to the hotel.This is a high rise modern very comfortable hotel that is attached to the City Gate Shopping centre and is surrounded by high rise apartment blocks.We arrived at the hotel at 10am after a long flight from London and to our surprise we were allowed to check in straight away. The reception area is a big open area, very clean and modern and our check in was very swift. Beside the check in is the restaurant which was still serving breakfast and was quite busy. There is also a bar area beside the reception which serves food also and has a Happy hour each day. The staff in both the restaurant and bar were both friendly and very efficient; in fact, I found all the staff in the hotel willing to help in any way they could.The restaurant was quite big with a good choice of food for all tastes and at a reasonable price. We had lunch on our first day in the hotel and I think you can always tell if a Hotel restaurant is popular by how busy it is at lunch time, it seemed to attract a lot of people which I guess was not only hotel guests, which is always a good sign. We had breakfast on both mornings that we were there. The bar food and happy hour was also good value for money and we did take advantage of this on one occasion.We had booked a Superior double room and the room was both spacious and well laid out with all the in room facilities that are now required in a hotel. There was a glass window between bathroom and bedroom, again the bathroom was quite spacious.The hotel is only a 5 minute walk to Tung Chung MTR station which means that you could be in the centre of Hong Kong within 30 minutes. It is also only a 10 minute walk to the Cable cars to see The Big Buddah and Po Lin monastery which we did on our first day. This is a trip worth doing as the views from the cable cars are fantastic, while you don鈥檛 look down onto Hong Kong Harbour from the cable cars, you can look back at the area around the hotel and fantastic views of Hong Kong Airport. I should also add that those of you that may feel nervous about using the underground for the first time in Hong Kong, please have no worries, it was so easy to use as we had to get back from the centre of Hong Kong on our second day after a tour and there was no problem at all, our return journey even involved a change of train, Hong Kong has a fantastic MTR system.Just a word on the tour, we took the Delux Hong Kong tour which is fantastic, but we were a little disappointed that the tram service to the Twin Peaks was not in service when we went, also in the details of the trip in the 鈥渟mall print鈥? it says there is a stop over in a jewelery factory. We just felt that we seemed to be rushed on other official parts of the trips but not on the jewelry part which resulted in us getting to the markets late as they were closing, this tour included a meal which was nice and close by Hong Kong Harbour to see the nightly light show.Ok, back to the hotel, overall this is a fantastic stop over hotel, that is very convenient to the airport with a good shuttle service to and from the airport with excellent on site facalities and rooms. It is also easy to get to the Centre of Hong Kong from the excellent MTR at Tung Chung hotel. Last point is the staff, very friendly and all will do what they can to make your stay pleasant.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JohnEO
<Content>Excellent hotel near the airport: good value for money This is an excellent hotel, good value for money, and very handy for the airport. The rooms are big for HK (compared with the Langham Place hotel we stayed at in Kowloon, which was expensive with small rooms). The Novotel provides a free shuttle service from the airport. When you come through arrivals, go to the B16 desk to the right. You are given a sticker and a staff member comes and collects you, walks you down to the bus with your luggage. Check-in and luggage delivery after a 5-minute journey was efficient. The hotel has a bad habit, however: even though I had pre-paid for accommodation on the net, the check-in receptionist wanted me to key in the PIN to my credit card. Taking an impression is fine with me. PIN? No way. Rooms are pretty spacious; the staff is helpful and friendly, although once you get to the door of your room, negotiating the electronic key system is a challenge. Best to wait for the bellman with your luggage. Same goes for turning on the lights. The light switch system is a little too complicated. The room is open plan with toilet and shower in cubicles behind thick smoked glass doors. (Water tends to leak out of the latter causing a flood, and in our room the lock on the hand shower did not support the shower head. Also avoid the bath gel: it burns sensitive areas of the body!)The range of restaurants is rather limited. If you are expecting a nice Chinese meal on your last or first night in Hong Kong, forget it. There are tapas, a buffet barbecue (probably the best choice), and a kind of snack bar. The chef at the BBQ was very helpful in accommodating our disappointment over a Chinese meal. In contrast to hotels in Japan, hotels in HK do not provide free wireless.We had an early flight, so the reliable wakeup call at 4.30 am was appreciated. Breakfast was not included in our pre-booked internet deal, and in any case the restaurant does not open until 6. Nevertheless, at this unearthly hour, the hotel provided a simple, complimentary self-service breakfast, which included coffee, fruit, and pastries. Most welcome.If you have a brief one-day visit to HK, you might want to stay at this hotel rather than go to the crowded city. Apart from enjoying a larger room, the Novotel is right next to an MTR (rapid transit) station at Tung Chung, as we belatedly discovered, which means that you can either be in HK or Kowloon within 20-30 minutes or you can take the memorable cable car ride up to the Giant Buddha, Po Lin Monastery and Chinese鈥搒tyle village at Ngong Ping (one of the best attractions in HK).Despite a few grouches, I would stay here again 鈥?but avoid the shower gel!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	2	4	5	

<Author>reserved19
<Content>Not a good start! As we were arriving into HK early in the morning we booked a room from the day before so that we could leave our cases and have a wash  brush up before going sightseeing. However when we arrived shortly after 7am we were told that our room wouldn't be available for an hour or so. I pointed out that we had booked from the previous day but that didn't make any difference. We decided to wait in the reception area and requested some complimentary refreshments to keep us going. That's not possible we were told as the coffee shop wasn't open, even though breakfast was being served in the restaurant.After about 30mins. a manager appeared and apologised for the confusion and offered an upgrade. He took us to a room on the business floors, which was very nice and well furnished. We couldn't fault the room but it was a shame that our stay got off to such a bad start.My feeling is that as we didn't turn up on the first night even though our booking clearly stated our expected time of arrival (early on the second day) we were classed as a no show and the room was let to someone else.Basically we paid for our room that wasn't available when it should have been.  
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>Anniepan
<Content>Excellent stopover hotel - 10 mins from Airport Just had one night here during flight Auckland to London and much needed break. Check in fast and accommodating, Room spotless and we could pull sliding door over the glass panel to the bathroom so that wasn't an issue! Piano playing around the reception and bar area and an excalator leads to the 3 or 4 storey Citygate Outlet Centre for whiling away a few hours with Levi Outlets, Timberland and the like plus a food court. Shuttle from airport took 15 mins to collect us but was only a 10 min ride away and early the next morning the 6.15 am transfer we'd booked left on time and was at the airport in no time. Sleek, safe and easy stopover I would certainly use again.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nyali07030
<Content>Great stopover hotel! I stayed at the Novotel on my layover back to the US from the Philippines and must say that the hotel was a wonderful end to my trip in Asia. The Olea restaurant downstairs served up nice Mediterranean food; the room itself was well equipped with amenities and modern furnishings. I would absolutely recommend this for a stay near the airport or if you are going to Hong Kong for just a night or two.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>msMelburnian
<Content>Recommended Very impressed with my stay at the Citygate Novotel. Admittedly I was fortunate to stay on the Biz Floor (actually this is levels 21-23) in a King suite. Rate was pretty great at AUD$322 which included late checkout at 12 noon, turn down service, afternoon tea, cocktails AND breakfast. Room was nicely furnished and very clean. Apart from the comfy bed (with soft cotton duvet) there was a small sofa/lounge area and work area to either side. A good sized flat screen TV was directly in front of the bed. There was a Bose sound dock on a side table. The double bathroom with spa (and 2 different showerheads in the separate shower) ran the entire length of the room with toilet at one end. Robes, slippers, scales, hairdryer provided. Along with the usual soaps. gels and mouthwash etc.The room afforded great views of the surrounding area and mountains (as well as the high rise apartments). Some overlook the airport and Ngong Ping cable car area. The hotel itself itself is part of the Citigate Outlets retail complex which might interest shoppers. A complimentary shuttle service to/from airport runs at 15 minute intervals from 5am which makes this a great place to spend your first or last night in Hong Kong.The Biz experience was well worth the additional expense. I was travelling purely for leisure but wasn't put off by the prospect of suits surrounding me. Infact, the whole thing was quite casual and the afternoon tea/ cocktails on the 21st floor are self service and quite relaxed. One American gent was wearing tracksuit bottoms and a cropped fleecy gym shirt from the 80's! A good selections of nibbles and drinks were provided and replenished throughout the service. Nice to sit down in a comfy seat sipping a beverage watching planes come in to HKIA and kids play soccer on a floodlit pitch at the housing complex next door.The buffet breakfast was probably the most extensive I have ever seen. Pastries, fruits, cereals, breads  spreads, waffles/pancakes , meats, fish, cheeses etc etc. Excellent. You might not want to stay here to travel in to Kowloon everyday but this is an excellent place to stay to access HKIA and Ngong Ping/Big Buddha as well as Disneyland. Worth atleast 2 nights. Will be back!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Christine_Roger
<Content>Nice Hotel, convenient for airport. A nice hotel, convenient for the airport but use their free shuttle (every quarter of an hour) as two taxi drivers got lost trying to find the hotel! We stayed there twice in February and will definitely stay there again. The rooms are quite small but well appointed, clean and comfortable with terrific views. The room layouts are novel with lots of glass and mirrors and there are other novel features such as the electronic lighting controls.Staff helpful and pleasant and a good restaurant.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ppilot
<Content>Close to the airport but $220US a night       Buffet Breakfast note the smoked salmon  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>MRC_London
<Content>Convenient High Quality Stopover Hotel near Airport       Superior Queen Room 1810 - Open plan bathroom  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ArizonaTraveler2
<Content>Great hotel and people We stayed here for one night on our way to a cruise based on Trip Advisor feedback. We loved the hotel - the room was very modern, fully equiped, helpful staff, and wish we would have spent another night so we could go to Disneyland (which is near)! Being connected to the shopping center was wonderful which enabled us to go to supermarket and buy large sizes of toiletries for cruise. Only criticism was breakfast buffet where food was just okay. Although we knew they had a free shuttle from airport to hotel, I still emailed hotel and got a nice response immediately with complete directions and a map of counter in airport. We highly recommend this Novotel. When we go back we will stay here as it is on subway line and could take in to city easily.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Lulu031
<Content>great transit hotel Very modern hotel located 10 minutes drive from the international airport. We had been to Hong Kong 6 months previously so did not really want to go into the downtown area again. You could go into the city quite easily and quickly as the subway is so efficient and still return to this hotel if you wanted. We were only staying one night and then leaving early next morning for our onward flight. It was a little tricky finding the right desk at the airport (it was A16 in Terminal 1) but when we did it was fine. We waited about 10 minutes with some other people and then were walked to our bus. Check-in was fine and our room was very modern and comfortable. The hotel is attached to a large outlet store shopping mall but more interesting to us, it had a great new food court called Food Republic with probably 20 different options for eating. We just looked and pointed and did a meg ryan - I'll have what he's having. It was yummy and very cheap. Next morning we caught the free shuttle back to the airport. A word of warning - don't rely on the hotel for a wake up call - ours never came. But other than that, it was fine.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Supermercado
<Content>Perfect Base We used this hotel as our base for our 10 days exploration of the HK islands. Located on the beautiful Lantau island this hotel is perfectly connected to most interesting places. It is a mere 30 minutes trip to Kowloon or HK via MTR. There are plenty of buses from the nearby station to drive you around with easy access to harbors for inter islands connections or key access to the Lantau trail. The NP360 had just reopened when we were there and we were happy to use it on day 1.We had a king suite on the top floor and this was truly amazing. Floor to ceiling windows with beautiful panoramic views, large and comfortable bed, relaxing seating area, plenty of nice touches, huge bathroom (2 sinks, rain shower, small jacuzzy with TV, leather pouffe), nice wooden furniture, small desk and chair. The only minus point would probably be the poor quality of lightning which I found did not match the design standard of the whole place.The hotel has a very interesting design where innovation meets comfort. Free cocktails and snacks in the exec lounge on 21st floor were great in the evening. Helpful and competent staff all the way made us feel great. Probably one of the best hotel breakfast ever with a great selection of quality and diversified products for all tastes.Overall, a perfectly relaxing experience in an incredible city.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GlobetrotterSurrey
<Content>A super hotel We chose this hotel for its proximity to the airport as we had an early flight on our way home and this hotel operates a shuttle service.On arrival we found a hotel desk at the front of the terminal and were conducted personally to the shuttle bus! Although we arrived at breakfast time, the hotel swiftly allocated us a room, so that we could freshen up and sally forth into the city promptly. The hotel is ultra modern and we had a room with a magnificent panoramic view of the skyscrapers of the Tung Chung district. The room was exceptionally well furnished and equipped. The hotel is adjacent to a very modern and extensive shopping precinct and an underground station for the 25 minute ride into the centre. The buffet dinner at very reasonable cost is an unforgettable experience and to judge from the large number of local people who partook of it, they must also be of the same opinion. This is a great place to stay particularly if you have an early start and like me are nervous about reaching the airport in good time.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>drcustodio
<Content>Impressed with honesty and efficiency We thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the hotel. I would like to share our experience with the honesty and efficiency of the hotel staff. Withouth realizing it, my daughter accidentally left her new iPod shuffle in our room after we checked out. The cleaning staff promptly turned it over to their supervisor who in turn contacted the front desk. The front desk called my residence in the Philippines to inform me of the incident. Fortunately, I was still in Hong Kong and was able to retrieve my daughter's iPod. I was pleasantly surprised with the hotel's honesty and the great effort they took in ensuring that our property was returned. Aside from this, we were impressed with the hotels cleanliness and efficiency. Thanks!!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lousybreaks
<Content>Very nice transit hotel We stayed at the Novotel Citygate for a night on our way back home from Shanghai. Since the Novotel Citygate is a five minute free shuttle from the airport we thought it would be nice to take it easy for a day before boarding and we were absolutely right. The hotel is new and well maintained, it is a tourist hotel as strange as it may sound but again, you've got an underground station next to the hotel and you are less than 30 minutes away from downtown. The rooms are tidy and the personnel helpful. Also, there is a great outlet mall connected to the hotel with all sorts of brands (New Balance, Nike, Timberland, Nautica, Adidas, Ralph Loren, etc...). Book it on the Novotel web site, it is the cheapest way and if you want to take the risk of waiting until a few days before your stay to book it you could get an executive floor room for the price of a simple room.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Shiv'sTrip
<Content>Nice Hotel Stayed at Novotel Citygate 16th Dec- 21 Dec.Excellent service nice decor and clean.its 5-10 mins by shuttle service from Hong Kong airport report to B 16 counter at the airport and the shuttle is free of charge.there is a citygate mall attached to the hotel and train station is few mins walk through shopping centre.we stayed in a deluxe room and the views from our room was amazing.this hotel is away from hussle and bustle from the city and to get to city its about 30 mins by MRT.highly recommended.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sipivu
<Content>Very impressed by the hotel I stayed 1 night.Location: Located about 10 min by shuttle from the airport, it is also 5 minutes walk from the metro station, and about 25 minutes to CentralInterior design: Extremely attractive. I had only a relatively normal room. It was in fact quite big, extremely well designed and comfortable. I visited a junior suite. Perfectly designed as well. The design style is modern, warm. I find it one of the best designed hotel I have seen anywhere.Service: Perfect from reception to the breakfast staff.Breakfast: The room is great, the staff uniform attractive, the buffet extremely rich.Price: Amazingly cheap - 1200 HK$ for my room and 2000 HK$ for a suite. They want to compensate for the location not being in Central. I used to stay at the Mandarin Oriental or the Shangri-La. For the kind of room or breakfast qualities, it would cost about 5 time sthe price. I looked at the Regal hotel at the airport. I sincerely think the Novotel Citygate is really amazing, and where I will stay in my next trip in HK.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>arrow2fast
<Content>The best deal in HK Excellent hotel.Our flight from across the pond arrived 7 am and we were dreading the thought of waiting until 3 pm (normal check in time).not to worry - we had booked the club room and were let in immediately!!!! The design of the hotel hallways and the rooms is stunning. We loved the glass column in the room and we also soaked in the shower contraption, it was great after the transpacific flight.The breakfast (included) the next morning was sumptous to say the least, the service excellent.We ventured into HK downtown and visited couple of other hotels but decided that the Citygate suits our purpose the best.We travel to Asia often, and usually stay overnight flying to our final destination.Although the location of the hotel requires taking the subway to downtown, the trains depart every couple of minutes, cost very little and deposit the passengers in downton within 25 minutes.The shuttle to the aiport departs every 15 minutes and takes 3-4 minutes to get there.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catcat18
<Content>location! location! location! This is our second time to stay in the same hotel. The location of this hotel is very convenient to the stop-over travelers, it is much better than the one (Regal Airport Hotel). We bought a day pass for HK$50, that we can take the MTR to the city, which is only a 30min ride. As this hotel is new and modern, good service and the convenient transportation, this is still our first choice when we stop-over in HK.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>julia687
<Content>Nice hotel       The bathroom  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheOfficeGuru
<Content>Great Stop for a Layover       A typical room  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Ozblue_7
<Content>Forgot my wakeup call too Like other reviewers, our 5am wake up call didn't happen. Lucky we had set the alarm in the room, so no harm done.Otherwise we highly recommend this hotel for its 5 minute free shuttle to the airport, and its proximity to the big buddah. Ideal for the last day or two of your stay in HK.We thought the glass column in the room that a previous reviewer complained of worked quite well, and we agree that the shower is great.No need to eat at hotel prices, fantastic and cheap food court in the adjacent centre.Would stay there again, and much cheaper than the airport hotel.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sedgley
<Content>Good for a Change A great hotel for a stop over, exhibiting at the nearby exhibition centre or if you don't need to stay in the city.Very impressed with the service and the room, with one very slight criticism, why is there no movie channel on the television.The buffet restaurant was very good, but as previous reviewer had commented it does get very full with locals and shopper. On two evening, even though I tried to book a table at breakfast, the restaurant was full. However there is a very good seafood restaurant in the shopping centre called Easterngate, top of the escalator and turn right and it is about 100 metres on the left, and it is very reasonably priced.Will definitely stop here again.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HarryKensington
<Content>Fantastic stay yet again! It's a shame to let the secret out but this hotel is fabulous!We stayed a total of 10 nights in October split into 2 and 8 days, with a short trip to Singapore inbetween. Its a modern, clean hotel in a great position, 45 minutes from the city on the MTR (which is immaculate and makes for interesting people watching) but is also very close to all the attractions Lantau has to offer. It is built as part of the Citygate shopping centre wiith some great shops. There is also a spa right at the top of the escalator if you fancy a massage after a long haul flight. The courtesy bus is very handy and the porters at the hotel are super quick and efficient. The reception staff are very pleasant and capable. If they don't know the answer they soon find it out for you.Both rooms we had were spotless and very well presented with lovely bathrooms and very comfortable beds. Everything you needed was in the room from tea and coffee to ironing board etc. We booked room only so didn't bother having breakfast, so we can't comment on that. We did have two dinners (one a set menu with choices and the other a la carte) in the Olea restaurant. The food, staff and service were excellent for both. Well done to Lewis the manager. The Creme Brulee was my wifes favourite. Yes I know there is great food outside the hotel but we appreciated having a change from Asian food and not having to go far especially after long days out. We also tried the weekend BBQ one evening (this is fairly new I think) set beside the pool. Again tasty food, a really pleasant Swiss manager and lovely staff. It was very popular with (it seemed) lots of local people as well as hotel guests. Definately worth trying if you're like me and enjoy your meat! All three hotel dinners were very reasonably priced for the quality and service. Whilst on the subject of food, we asked the concierge about dimsum restaurants locally and there is a very good one in the shopping centre. Up the escalator, turn right, straight on. Eastern seafoods I think it's called. It looks very small from the outside with fishtanks etc but it is massive once you go through. The dimsum was very good, traditional, tasty and cheap. We had six choices and the bill came to just under 拢10. They will offer you a fork if you can't manage chopsticks. Just remember that once you've ticked your choices to hold the paper up in the air, then they will take the order. We didn't know this until we watched others doing it. We wished we had known about this place on our previous trips.The swimming pool is beautiful, colurful tiles and a dramatic waterfall and rocks. The water is chilly at first but very refreshing. There are lots of comfy loungers and seating both beside the pool and at various levels around it. It was so relaxing lying in the sun listening to the sound of the waterfall. They also have a small childrens pool and there was always a lifeguard on duty. There is a gym which looked fairly large and modern but we didn't use it. This is our third stay at the Novotel and we would highly recommend it, be it for a quick stopover or a longer stay. In fact we're intending to go back next May/June time. We feel it's as relaxing as a resort hotel with all the buzz and excitement of the city not far away. The MTR and buses are a few minutes walk away and you can travel easily by buying an Octopus card which you swipe as you enter buses and trains and as you leave the platform. We took a bus journey to Mei Wo which took us over the hills with beautiful views. Also a ferry trip to Tap Mun Chau, again stunning scenery across Tolo Harbour. The Novotel citygate is one of our favourites. If we had to complain about anything it would be that housekeeping called us occasionally to clean our room as we were late up, but that was no problem really and fairly minor overall. We would certainly recommend this hotel to our friends and family and will be staying there again.I  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Orkitekt
<Content>Pleasantly surprised Very close to airport, staff kindly checked me in very early and after I freshened up pointed me in the right direction to the main centre. There is a 4 storey outlet mall attached and MTR right next door. 20minutes and in Kowloon. Room was unexpectedly ample, well fitted out and great value.Andrew Smith, Auckland  
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sleibson
<Content>What a place! I needed a place to crash for a night in Hong Kong between flights. This was the lowest-priced hotel near the airport. It is unelievably elegant and modern. It is also beautiful. A free shullte bus runs from Hong Kong Airport's Terminal 2 to the hotel every 15-20 minutes. I caught one just waiting for me. We were in the hotel 10 minutes later.The room is ultra modern. The bathroom has glass walls so you can see the sink from the bedroom area. The shower and toilet are surrounded by full-height frosted-glass walls. However, anyone stepping out of the shower will be in full view of everyone else in the room. Be warned!Personally, I liked it. A lot. I was on the 18th floor with a view of the airport. Very enjoyable. The wired Internet connection worked fine with a cord in the drawer. There was a wireless connection as well. You have to pay for either.The breakfast buffet was ample and tasty. No complaints.A recommended stay.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BG007
<Content>Very annoying room This hotel takes the idea of designer rooms to the annoying extreme. The toilets and shower doors open straight into the room. There is a glass pillar right in the middle of the room, that you have to go around all the time. Because it is both so absurdly located and made of glass that you can see through, it fails to register in the brain and you keep discovering it over and over again right at the center of the room, like a nightmare in an endless loop. Need to connect to electricity? Well good luck finding it (hint: it's hidden in the table). I have stayed in 'creative' hotel rooms before, but this one, whoever designed it needs to be locked away. I'm not sure why most people would want to stay here long enough to get used to the room peculiarities because the hotel is located way out of town so staying here for any purpose other than an overnight connection hardly makes any sense. So please, we're only here for the night, and would prefer a room that reminds us of our home planet, thank you.Once outside the room though, the hotel is quite good, and some of the other rooms are more standard. We found the restaurant in the lobby to be average, with many items overpriced. The new mall connected to the lobby is a big plus, and so is the unique Hong Kong style urban view of the residential area that is visible from the room. Overall, this is a good hotel and I will probably return next time I have a layover in Hong Kong as the airport hotel is much more expensive. I understand the positive reviews here and would probably rate it higher but the room was really too much. Hopefully I will be able to avoid it next time.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>GedandNick
<Content>Great transit hotel This hotel is a short trip from the airport and a free shuttle was available. The rooms are spacious, clean and modern. The staff are attentive and efficient. Great place for a no-fuss transit stop through Hong Kong.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Achilles_F12
<Content>My base in Hong Kong There are plenty of good comments about this hotel already posted here on Trip Advisor.This is a well run, clean and nicely appointed hotel that is very handy for the airport as well as being only a few stops on the MRT to Central Hong Kong. The hotel is attached to a newly built shopping centre.If you can live without the hussle and bussle of a city centre then this hotel is a good option. I am in Asia 6 or 7 times a year and use this property as my base from which I then travel in and out from the nearby airport  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>naut
<Content>very nice We stayed for two nights in the Novotel Citygate. We were in town for an event at Asia World Expo and figured the Citygate would be a good option as it was close to both the airport and venue. You are picked up by a free shuttle from the airport which takes maybe 5-10 minutes. Our room was on the 11th floor and was a standard with two single beds. The room was quite spacious, had a large flat screen tv, cupboard, desk, and a large bathroom with a shower over a bath, toilet and vanity unit. There was a window between the room and the bathroom which was thankfully covered by a wooden sliding door! Mini bar was well stocked, there is internet access available in the rooms for a reasonable fee.Hotel staff were OK, they had trouble understanding my request to set up wireless access in our room though, so I just set up broadband via the cable. The lobby downstairs is very nice. I didn't eat at the restaurants but had a couple of drinks in the bar during happy hour. The Citygate outlets are attached to the mall, there is a huge supermarket with everything you could need, plus a few more eating places and plenty of clothing and accessory shops. The MRT into Hong Kong itself takes maybe 30 minutes and is about a 5 minute walk through the mall. Definitely recommended if you are in town from something at Asia World Expo or for a nights stopover.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Conorq
<Content>Nice Hotel       Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>c73
<Content>Great Stopover Hotel Fantastic Hotel, rooms are great, highly recommend for a nights stopover in Hong Kong, or longer if you want. Easy access to the MTR, adjacent to the Citygate Factory outlet, and close to Disneyland and the Big Buddha.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MBarr
<Content>Handy for a quick stopover, even a trip to the city       The Airport  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beach_specialists
<Content>Five minutes away from the airport and all we could want in a hotel!       Novotel Citygate HKG - the toilet hidden behind opaque door  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>snfsma
<Content>Wish I could have stayed longer We stayed here for two nights and were thrilled with our accommodations. I had booked via the hotel's website, which was the cheapest I could find anywhere. When I checked in, they upgraded me from a queen jr suite to a king jr suite on the 22nd floor. The room was absolutely fabulous. Everything was very modern, tons of closet space, a large bed with a huge plasma tv mounted on the wall, and floor to ceiling windows with a fantastic view. The bathroom was absolutely my dream bathroom, with a step down large shower and bench inside, separate toilet compartment, and huge jacuzzi soaking tub. There was even a tv built into the wall with surround speakers so you could soak and watch tv. Apparently I was booked on a business floor, so I was escorted up to the 21st floor for private checkin. I didn't take advantage of the business lounge but saw it briefly and it was very nice. We had breakfast for 2 mornings and the buffet was excellent. Lots of different types of food, enough to please you no matter if you prefer western or asian food. We took the MTS train to Hong Kong Disneyland and it was really easy to get to. The train station is in the adjoining mall, and then it's one stop to Sunny Bay station, where you change to the Disneyland rail which goes directly to Disneyland. My only disappointment in this hotel was that I was only staying two nights and not longer. I will definitely pick this hotel again if I return to Hong Kong.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>writesabit
<Content>Wonderful and close to airport This was an absolutely beautiful hotel. We booked last minute, wanting a hotel near the airport, and couldn't have asked for more. The restaurant was stellar, the rooms gorgeous and the view just beautiful. Highly recommend!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AviD42
<Content>Wow Best airport hotel I have ever been to.price for HKG more than OK - $150/nightgot upgraded to exec floor - 6 star!!! one of the best rooms I have ever encountered at this price range.For transit flyers through HKG - only 5 min to the airport, frequent shuttle service (comp), very good shopping mall adjacent to the hotel, great for some fast hkg shopping without the long trip into the city.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>psylocke
<Content>a little piece of heaven       uh, bathroom  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	3	3	

<Author>GosiaLisbon
<Content>Good hotel but poor restaurant Vey good hotel, new, clean, kid of design. The service however was rather average - plenty of people but not effciient. The restaurant is NOT to be reccomended: the food is not very good and not very fresh and the service is terrible: slow and inefficient.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	3	3	5	

<Author>dreamonixx
<Content>Nice place - average customer srvice Love the physical property. You couldn't ask for better! It is right near the airport, there is a mall attached with a great supermarket etc. The rooms are small yet very well appointed and CLEAN. I found the staff extremely average. If you have a customer service need they don't seem to understand ANYTHING VERY WELL.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	2	1	4	

<Author>Travelscan
<Content>Airport Hotel with more! This is a great hotel for an overnight stop but also offers more if you want to stay a few days away from the noise and bustle of Victoria Island or Kowloon. The Novotel Citygate is five minutes from the airport on Lantau Island by free minibus which runs every 30 minutes. Check at desks A16 or B16 in the airport arrival halls. The hotel is new with very modern good sized rooms well fitted out with bar fridge, widescreen TV and tea and coffee making facilities. There is also a safe, iron and board and a hair dryer. They also supply a neat power plug adaptor kit - you can buy one for youself at the front desk. Rooms are very quiet and have nice views. There are two resturants, but can't comment on these as I only had breakfast which was very good. An out-door pool and gym are also available. The hotel joins the Citygate shopping mall which is full of factory outlet shops.Thru the mall is the cable car to Ngong Ping village and the Po Lin Monastary with a huge mountaintop bronze Buddha. Well worth the ride. Also in the mall is the Tung Chung MTR station. The ride into central Hong Kong takes 30 minutes. You can also take the MTR to nearby Disneyland.There is a bus station at the end of the mall near the cable car terminal where bus tours are available to the quiet beaches and small fishing villages around the island.Modern and well appointed at a good price, with more to offer than the average airport hotel.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>corksta
<Content>Best ever airport hotel! I flew from Auckland to Hong Kong and wanted to stopover before travelling on to London.This hotel is about a five minute drive from the airport in the free shuttle bus, and I spent one night in a deluxe room.The room was big with a comfy bed, very modern decor, large LCD TV, nice view towards the airport/harbour, very very quiet with no outside noise, beautiful shower with great water pressure.It's directly connected to the shopping mall which is pretty good.The staff were friendly and helpful, and I had absolutely no problems with anything, and enjoyed a great night's sleep.I found this to be the perfect place to stopover after a long flight, and will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mediatraveler
<Content>the best hotel superb truly brilliant. The best hotel I've stayed at in its class. Totally brilliant, coouldt not fault it in any way. Flawless. cheap, yet 5 star looking. Great views, just near the airport... I cannot write enough good stuff about this place  
<Date>Jul 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	4	

<Author>qiong8
<Content>Best place for overnight layover at HKIA. Very stylish, nicely appointed rooms that think of everything for the traveler. Perfect location for a quick layover in HK. Good amenities. Great night's sleep. Buffet has wide variety of excellent food. Very easy access by free shuttle. We have stayed there twice in the last year and would recommend highly.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cee_elle1010
<Content>Taken for a ride to Asia Expo instead of to the airport I wanted to go to the airport and boarded the van bound for the airport after enquiring from the Concierge as well as the driver. Both confirmed that the van was bound for the airport but I was taken to the Expo instead! Before disembarking, I asked the driver again if the drop-off point was the airport, of which he answered in the affirmative and asked me to get off.. I found myself at the Expo site and had to take a Airport Express train to the Airport.After all the verbal confirmation, I am convinced that the staff have a problem with understanding English or they just assumed that I was heading for the Expo together with the other passengers due to the fact that I was travelling without luggage.I was unable to access guest- relations_asia@accor-hotels.com website to lodge my comments.Ling WongMalaysia  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>rossharris
<Content>Comfortable hotel, lousy location I stayed in Hong Kong at this hotel for five nights at the beginning of May 2007. The Novotel is right out of the wrapper. It is a very new hotel located near the airport. This is the major issue. Although it is on a metro line (Tung Chung line), it is the very last stop on the line. You are looking at a healthy walk through the mall to the metro station and then a solid 30+ minutes to make it to Hong Kong central station where all of the action is.The rooms are roomy with a funky modern design. They were quiet with no disturbance from other guests. Room Service was OK. I made the mistake of trying some local delicacies. Ugly American tries native Cantonese cuisine. I should have been smarter.The hotel bar is nice but the servers seem to be in a perpetual hurry.The front desk staff was very pleasant and always helpful.The shuttle service to the airport was a big help because I had to take a day trip to Shanghai. NOTE: When you arrive in HKG, exit the baggage, area and then go to the orange Hotel Shuttle desk on the far right of the big concourse. Tell them you are going to the Novotel Citygate. They will set you up and call the hotel, no charge.In total, I would definitely recommend this hotel for business travelers with appointments focused in Kowloon. However, if you are a tourist, you will want to find something closer.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	1	4	4	4	4	

<Author>crispy123
<Content>Nice new airport hotel - modern and recommended       Hotel Bedroom  
<Date>May 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>aerobik1
<Content>Great Airport Hotel Stayed at this hotel for 1 night in between HKG flights. What a great property. Upon arrival at HKG I proceeded to B16 (this is important as shuttle service not clearly marked). After a 5 minute waitl I was escorted to the complimentary shuttle. Check in was by a very pleasant reception clerk. I had requested a non-smoking room, but to my dismay the room reeked of smoke. This was cordially rectified by the reception staff and I was given another room.Room was large by HKG standards. Everything was spotless and in working order. Flat screen tv and very hi tech lights and room controls. To enter, just pass your key in front of the lock. Bathroom had a sliding window giving much more spaciousness to the design. Very large picture window overlooked the airport area. Prices at the restaurant and the lobby bar were quite reasonable. Much more reasonable than most airport hotels. The location is 5 minutes from HKG which is very convenient., especially in between flights. Room rates are quite reasonable. The hotel is next to the train station which will whisk you downtown in 30 minutes should you have the time.All in all a great property, friendly staff and perfect airport location. Cannot fault anything. Will definitely use the property again.  
<Date>May 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>clubworldBA
<Content>Splendid airport hotel       Very spacious rooms  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>oggybags
<Content>suprisingly good! Stayed here for one night in april due to close proximity to airport Arrived late into airport and took courtesy bus (10 mins)Quick to check intoGood large room, v modern and clean, good mini bar!A little slow to check out - back onto coutesy bus to airport (every 15 mins) and thats it!good value for money - if it was on the island would stay all the time! - would stay again if needed airport hotel.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>DuncyBoy
<Content>Not an average chain hotel Booked this as needed something close to the airport. We were pleasantly surprised that it was better than any other Novotel we'd stayed in and rooms were bigger than normal for HK.Interesting room layout which really worked rather than quirky for quirky's sake.Wish we could have stayed a bit longer.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fellowtraveller100
<Content>Don't stay in this hotel I booked this hotel for my Summer trip. After that I found out that my aging parent ticket has a restriction to not allow overnight in HK.So I wrote an email, asking them if I could change my reservation to a future date.They simply replied to me with a COLD attitude stating the reservation rules which I already knew. I am writing to ask them for understanding and compassion for my special situation.Bu I am getting a very uncaring email instead.Be aware that this hotel has no heart and no consideration of your well being once they took your money.As frequent travellers passing by HK, I will NOT consider staying in this hotel for my future stay in HK.Why should you when you have so many options in town and the easy airport transport can conveniently take you where you want to be.With regrets.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>olimaspecto
<Content>Good airport hotel - a bit pricey Stayed here twice in the course of a week while having to overnight in Hong Kong. Very close to airport and a very nice hotel, but a bit expensive and overpriced for what you get. The rooms are very cool and the bathroom is integrated into the room with a clear column/stand separating them. Haven't seen a hotel quite like it before, but its a cool design.Cost about 50 HKD to get from the airport to the hotel and about 5-10 minutes terminal to hotel lobby. Didn't try the food options at the hotel but they seemed popular. No in-room highspeed internet so I had to use the lobby internet stations, which are expensive. Wish they would add in the high-speed!No problems at checkout, though you have to pay to join Accor hotel's award program so I didn't get any credit for my stays. Make sure to book at their website ahead of time rather than just showing up. Even if you just book an hour before you show up there are better rates online than offered at the hotel front desk.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chrisny2
<Content>Great Trendy Airport Hotel!       Room  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	3	3	5	

<Author>quanster
<Content>One night in Hong Kong - a great airport hotel       I thought the rooms were stylish and nicely designed  
<Date>Feb 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LUpchurch
<Content>Some good points, some bad points We booked a 2 night stay in a Superior Queen room for Jan18. We decided on this hotel to avoid the long trek out and back to the city for just 2 nights, and to try to use the cable car lift to the monastery.The courtesy coach pickup was excellent. We were escorted to the coach by a young guy in a suit. I think this may be because the bus terminal isn't yet finished and it is a little difficult to find.Check-in was good with our bags whisked away by a porter.The room looked very modern with green glass walls to the shower etc and a large flat screen tv. The bed was very comfortable.The room did have its drawbacks. It felt like a perfect room for one. I kept trying to get the only chair in the room, but my wife always beat me to it! The English style teabags for a drink were a nice touch, but would have been better if any milk was provided. We opted for coffee.Using the shower was challenging. There were two shower heads. One on the wall that needed re-tightening to the wall and couldn't be persuaded to lift its weary head up without nodding back, and a large overhead shower. The overhead shower was the interesting one. How do you depress the valvehead switch, situated at the back of the shower, without having a load of cold water dumped on your head! The valve would only operate if water was already flowing from the other head.This coupled with having a blocked toilet on the first morning didn't impress us too much.We left the room to go to HongKong city and the room was fixed before we came back in the afternoon. Staff at the lobby are variable in their command of English, though there's always at least one who is good. The high point was the buffet in the lobby restaurant. The place was packed out with what appeared to be non-residents. I assume they live in the nearby apartments. The buffet was very varied, all the food was delicious, the busy atmosphere made it so unlike the normal airport hotel restaurant, and the value was amazing.The MTR is very easy to get to through the shopping mall, which, when it is finished, will be Hong Kong's first Outlet shopping centre. A large supermarket is signposted up for the lowest floor, but when we investigated it hadn't been started on .The cable car is also easily reached just past the MTR. Unfortunately the weather stopped us from using it.The hotel was quite expensive and although it looks the part, it does have some flaws.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ju123
<Content>Truly the best airport hotel experience ever.... Having already had 5 nights on Hong Kong island and following a 10 day tour of China, we found ourselves back in HK for one night prior to a flight to Singapore.We didn't really want to have to travel downtown again so opted for the Novotel Citygate which is classed as an airport hotel, approximately 5mins shuttle from the main airport arrivals desk.When you get off the flight you have to check in at desk B16 in order to get the shuttle to the hotel. These shuttles run about every half hour or so, so depending on when you get there it could be a bit of a wait...just time to get something to eat from one of the countless great bakeries in the arrivals hall.We were escorted by a member of staff to the shuttle bus and within 5mins or so we were checking into the hotel. Check in was smooth as we had booked and paid in full online, so within minutes we were heading up in the lift to our room.Now the room. I am not exaggerating but it is probably the best room I have ever stayed in and a complete contrast to your normal run of the mill Novotels you find in Europe. It was very modern and sleek, had a great flat screen television, walk in shower and seperate toilet and best of all an amazing king bed which was better than any Sheraton sleeper bed I have slept on. Absolutely amazing room.Great views of the surrounding area abound including the new cable car system up to the giant Budhha which unfortunately was still being tested whilst we were in HK both times.The hotel provided buffet dinners and breakfasts and both were very good quality if a little overpriced. However on the night we had dinner, it was amazing to see how many locals had visited just to have the buffet dinner. If we had needed a bigger table than 2, I think we'd have had a long wait....it seemed like complete families were there for the food, so a sign that it is of a very good standard especially with the much cheaper options abound in the city.The hotel is connected to a big shopping mall which also has some good restaurants, although nothing special. Some units are still for sale so it is obviously early days but there seemed to be some good high street branded shops already in place, which will only improve in time.All in all I have never stayed at a better airport hotel. True it isn't quite on-site but a short shuttle bus journey is all it takes to get to this fantastic place. Book your shuttle journey back to the airport the night before to guarantee your specific time by the way. It is a very popular service.Would I stay here if visiting HK as a whole? Possibly. I guess its about a 30min train journey to the downtown area. As an airport hotel though, I doubt it could ever be beaten.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SteveB1
<Content>They forgot my wake up call Like a review from another traveller - they forgot my wake up call, I quickly packed and ran to lift, ran throught the foyer and jumped in the first taxi I could find, I was very lucky being the last person to check in for a london bound flight.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>2bundles
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here on a 24hr stopover in HK. We took the free shuttle from the airport (every 30 min) from desk B16. The room was excellent. The best Novotel I have stayed in! The adjacent shopping centre is outlet stores which were great, but don't open until 10-11am. We were promptly upgraded when we showed our Accor card. Free fruit bowl and water etc was a nice touch. The bed was huge and very comfortable. The view was nice. We were also given late checkout. We caught the shuttle back to the airport in the morning, checked in for our flight, then caught the airtrain into HK for the day. Very highly recommended Hotel.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MissTravelAlot
<Content>They forgot our wake up call This was our first stop on a two month around the world trip. This is a beautifully new and stylish hotel. The lobby is stunning and I would stay here again. We did encounter some problems however.We came in from Australia and our family of four had to be up early to catch our flight the next day onto europe and we chose this hotel after the not so positive reviews about the regal airport hotel. Unfortunatly our wake up call never came and we slept through. We had even booked with their shuttle service to take us to the airport and when we didnt show, it still didnt occur to the front desk staff to give our room a call. Sufice to say we would have missed our plane but due to bad weather we ended up having a 10 hour delay anyway. Funnily enough Qantas put us up at the Regal and I was most impressed. Dont be put off by all the other reviews we were very pleased with it. I must admit we did not check in at a busy time though. Being toted as almost an 'airport hotel' because of its location it is imperitive that things like, wake up calls, are reliable. One note to family travellers, at the time novotel had a policy that children under 12 could stay in a room free with parents. This particular hotel didnt want to do this as it was quite restrictive with the extra beds in the room. We did however push the point and they did allow us to have all four in one room for the same price. This was fantastic as we didnt need to pay for two rooms. Being that it was such a short stopover all being in one room wasnt a problem. As mentioned in other review there is also a shopping centre attatched which is great if you want to pick up bits and pieces from the supermarket to take on your travels.If your not sure and trying to decide between the regal and the citygate, Id say the citygate is alot more stylish and has the convenience of shops, etc. It does still take a small taxi ride however to get there. So you need to be extra organized to make sure you get to the airport on time.The regal was still really well presented and I was pleased with the rooms. Its so well placed to the airport you just have to walk your luggage through a covered walkway and theres no need to get money out to pay taxi drivers, etc.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pete515
<Content>Fantastic stay Like many travellers I probably picked this hotel due to its vicinity to the airport. However the friendly staff, efficient service, excellent restaurants and imaculate rooms meant I would make this one of my hotels of choice when in Hong Kong.Its main disadvantage is that it is a 30 minute journey into central Hong Kong but with its excellent MTR connection to HK and its free shuttle service to/from the airport I would still very highly recommend this hotel when staying in HK.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AlMcDonald
<Content>This is a great place to stay.       Temple  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lucaerrante
<Content>Excellent value for money Very good airport hotel, 10 minutes taxi ride from the terminal (or you can take the free shuttle). Modern and quiet rooms, excellent bathroom, good service. The kitchen of the restaurant closes to early for a hotel dedicated mainly to travellers.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>janthefan
<Content>Absolutely brilliant! This is the ideal airport stopover hotel! We had a VERY short stay at the Novotel Citygate, due to a luggage problem, but really wished we could have stayed longer. We found the airport shuttle bus desk really easily - B13 in a group of stands for all the hotel shuttles. It runs every half hour, on the quarter (if you miss one, it's only 40 HK dollars to get there by taxi anyway). Check-in was very efficient and the very modern-style room was absolutely wonderful. Large bathtub, big fluffy towels and robes, lots of free bath oil etc, and the most comfortable bed. People have talked about the window into the bathroom - which had concerned me a little - but you can pull a big door across it for total privacy.I can't recommend this hotel highly enough!  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lettzz
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location Stayed on-route to China and on the way back to the UK.Hotel is 5 minutes from the airport, with a free shuttle bus available from Desk B16.Check in very efficient, staff friendly, helpful and informative.On the first night I arrived at 1am, and was up and out of the hotel by 7am that morning, so just remember room being well appointed and clean.On the way back through, was upgraded to the Junior Suite as my room was not available when I checked in, no complaint from me.The room was very nice, large comfortable bed, seperate working air, comfortable arm-chair and well appointed bathroom.The view was great, and no noise from the airport traffic.The shopping centre is an elevator ride away, and had a good mix of shops, and fast food outlets (KFC has never been as appealing as after three days in rural China !!)You may be away from the City but their are good connections by train from the shopping centre.This is the hotel for one-night stays or if you need to be near the exhibition centre.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Maryana
<Content>Pleasant Night in Transit. We have a high opinion about this hotel.5min from the airport, free shuttle.New, modern, elegant, great room service menu,showers are awesome!!! The mattress was a bit hard to our taste.Great overall experience in Novotel CityGate.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wgtnmike
<Content>Good...but not great Great view, v. nice room but avoid the 20th floor if you can. My room appeared to be underneath the business centre and hotel staff started dragging tables and chairs around on a hard surface above me at 5.30 am.Not what I needed after arriving late from the airport the night before.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>3	3	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mclachlan4321
<Content>Great, cant be beaten for an airport overnight stay Only 5 minutes from the airport, we booked a suite as the price was so good. Were taken straight up to the louge for check in.The room was immaculate, Jacuzzi, great view of the airport in the distance.Airport hotels are notoriously expensive and poor run, bu this was a breah of fresh air. I cannot fault it !  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Twofootplus
<Content>Great airport hotel This hotel is at the Citygate shopping centre in Tung Chung, on Lantau Island, only 5 mins drive from the airport (about $60 HK taxi). There is a free shuttle to the airport every half hour. From our room we could see the Ngong Ping Skyrail which goes up to the Giant Buddha (Tian Tan Buddha) statue. The hotel is upmarket Novotel with the Chinese touch. Reception was efficient but tried to sell us a more expensive package than the one I had booked. Nobody offered to carry our bags upstairs. The upper floors are the 鈥楤iz鈥?floors but all rooms have wired or wi-fi broadband access, as well as plasma TV, mini-bar, etc. The hotel rooms are of very modern design, with open plan washbasin and counter, but personally I didn鈥檛 like the opaque glass toilet and shower cubicles. Apart from the lack of privacy (I prefer a solid door between bathroom and bedroom), the water from the shower cubicle leaked under the glass partition to the floor of the loo. The bed was very comfortable and the lighting hi-tech and centralised 鈥?which meant that you could not go to the loo at night without putting on at least the 鈥榥ight light鈥?and disturbing your partner. The breakfast buffet at $118 HK (拢9 at current rates) was excellent value with a huge range of cereals, fresh fruit, patisserie, bacon, sausages and pancakes, waffles and eggs cooked to order, as well as a range of Chinese dishes including spring rolls and dumplings. The same restaurant (Essence) also does a lunch buffet and dinner buffet ($148 HK) but closes at 9.30pm so we could not try this. Instead we ate in the bar area (Andante) which has light meals, snacks and salads. On level 2, there is a coffee shop (Moccato) for simpler breakfasts and access to 2 floors of outlet shops, such as Esprit, Columbia Sportswear, Giordano, Laura Ashley, etc. offering serious reductions. More shops opening soon! An excellent hotel for early flights but leave some time for bargain-hunting.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	4	5	

<Author>oneword
<Content>Thoroughly recommended   showReview(5902499, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sharontan
<Content>Excellent rooms, good food, great hospitality   showReview(5788063, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	2	2	4	

<Author>Lati
<Content>Full of surprises at City Gate!!!   showReview(5602705, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FrankDrebin
<Content>A fantastic new "Airport Hotel" in Hong Kong!!   showReview(5425037, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Zippy2u
<Content>Watch out for Dress Code enforcement. This really happens to me.   showReview(5396572, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ismail_NewYork
<Content>Hotel defined by elegance, simplicity, and convenience (to shopping)...       Close-up of the shower stall...  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hotelreviews06
<Content>Agree - excellent hotel at HKG airport   showReview(5296902, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place, close to airport   showReview(5225092, 'full');   
<Date>May 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ovlov
<Content>Best value hotel near the airport   showReview(5041559, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Aussie_trekker
<Content>Excellent hotel airport. Super Modern       The toilet and shower closets  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇娿亼銇勩仭銈冦倱
<Content>銉償銉笺儓銇椼仧銇忋仾銈嬨儧銉嗐儷銇с仚锛?#x201d;   showReview(23385438, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zzmfs
<Content>銉曘儹銉炽儓銇厠搴︺亴銉汇兓銉?#x201d;   showReview(22901841, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>soakota
<Content>Excellent hotel   showReview(22844758, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉曘偂銉熴儶銉兼梾琛屻仹浣跨敤   showReview(19915084, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绌烘腐銇繎銇忋仸渚垮埄   showReview(19914936, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel   showReview(17443529, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>棣欐腐鏈€绲傛棩銇娉娿伀鐗广伀銇婂嫥銈侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(19167605, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇繎浠ｇ殑銇ф柊銇椼亸...   showReview(21802955, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2007
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

