<Author>Ny_NyNyBill
<Content>Great Service at the Marriott, Brooklyn Bridge for MSPA Conference The hotel is wonderful and we have never experienced such incredible service. The Middle School Principal Association has an annual conference at the Marriott  each year they are better at hosting the event. From dinner the night before to our room stay in the new wing, greeting the vendors in the early am and conference goers as well as the presentor rooms set up were great. The luncheon that followed was wonderful. I highly recommend this location for a hotel stay or conference!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FB3372
<Content>Best Hotel stay ever I have to say this was the nicest hotel I have ever stayed in. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating, even though we bugged them to death. Our luggage did not arrive to NY with us but the hotel was able to accommodate us with some extra toiletries for our 3 day stay. After missing our flight, we went back to this hotel for an additional 2 night since we enjoyed our stay there so much. The staff remembered us and welcomed us back. We were literally shocked by how large the rooms were. We could actually put our 4 pieces of luggage on the floor and still had plenty of room to walk around. The first room we were in had two double beds and a sitting area off to the side with two chairs and a sofa. The second room we were in was a little smaller, didn't have the sitting area, but was still large enough for the luggage and walking room. The bathrooms were extremely nice in both rooms. I would totally stay here again and recommend this to anyone going to NY.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ArbroathLass
<Content>Luxury bolthole close to city Chosen purely on location as a means of being close to spare-room-less family in the neighbourhood. Very pleased with all aspects. One of the other reviewers mentions the bedding and this is one of the highlights; felt utterly cocooned! There was also a fridge in the room. Bathroom also extremely comfortable with full tub (great when you have been trailing round all day) and adjustable powerful shower. Entire hotel was spotless with happy, friendly staff. Easy walking distance of subway or Brooklyn Bridge and plenty cabs. We didn't have time to eat in the hotel but would have been more than happy to.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>smpc
<Content>Luxury on a budget!       downstairs lobby  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dorcastrilling
<Content>Incredible bedding I've stayed here twice, and the bedding is to die for. Amazing duvets and pillows; the most comfortable beds in any hotel I have ever been in.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stav1966
<Content>everything i've come to expect fantastic stay at this hotel. Inexpensive for new york and reasonably convenient for most of the city. rooms and beds exquisite, very hospitable staff, and, at one stage, we had a medical emergency - the hotel were fantastic and great at giving good advice in a difficult situation.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BonnieAtlanta
<Content>Loved It, Loved It I was here during the Christmas season and the hotel was decorated beautifully. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The room was very clean. When asked for a later check out time , I was accomodated with no extra cost. The hotel is near the subway system to all of the boroughs. The hotel is in walking distant of several resturants and shops for anything you may need and want. I will highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>no1brenda
<Content>First Class Service all around Stayed only one night as we were picking up a cruise the next day, however, service from from the onset of arrival until check out was first class, friendly, and totally accommodating. Room immaculate, comfortable, and it was obvious that all personnel were eager to assist. Would certainly recommend this hotel over and above most lower Manhattan hotels. Easier to access JFK airport.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>australiamel
<Content>One night in Brooklyn This is where our NY experience started: We stayed at the Mariott in Brooklyn for just one night to move to a place in Manhattan the day after, and we were quite happy we did. At check-in we were told that the bridge view room we had booked wasn't available, but the hotel made it up for us with an upgrade to a spacious suite with a huge balcony and amazing views. Although you could see that the last refurbishment must have been a while ago, everything was still in shape and clean. The staff at reception was very nice and helpful. Rates, well ... When you come to NY you know what to expect!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WhereIsLWren
<Content>Great location I was staying here as my friend was attending a conference here and so I had no choice really. I was initially a little skeptical about staying in Brooklyn as I've been to New York before and have always stayed in hotels in Manhattan. However, I was pleasantly surprised at how close it really is. I'm a Londoner and am accustomed to getting on the underground to travel to places, so it really wasn't a big deal for me to get on a train to get to Manhattan. The location was amazing - it was just a few minutes away from over 6 different train lines which meant that you could get to anywhere in Manhattan with ease. The hotel itself was pleasant enough - good sized rooms, clean, helpful staff. The restaurant didn't look very good so I never ate there, but with Manhattan just a few minutes away, I don't really see the need to eat at a hotel restaurant. Overall, it was a very pleasant stay. If you're looking for a decent mid price hotel that's accessible, then this one fits the bill.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mollyanne
<Content>Add me to the list of those who love this hotel! We stayed at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott for one night before boarding a cruise out of Brooklyn. We booked directly through the Marriott's website many months before and secured a favorable rate using the Senior discount.Arrived around 3 PM and had no problem checking in early. The front desk staff were both professional and friendly. After check-in we moved to the bar for a couple of drinks and found this to be a fun place. The bartender, Michael, makes a great Manhattan!Talked with the doorman, Nick, who recommended a great dinner spot - the Queen Italian Restuarant. There was 6 of us and he had no problem arranging transportation for our ride there.After dinner we returned to the Marriott for coffee and dessert. They serve Starbucks and a wicked cheesecake sampler platter ($13) which easily fed us all - we may not have finished it all! Great attentive service as well.The rooms were clean and comfortable and good sized. The bed was very comfy. Very large bathroom and lots of hot water and pressure in the morning.The hotel itself is very lovely. There are escalators from the main entrance up to the lobby and they are surrounded by lots of greenery and flowers. Security is also very evident and appreciated.We enjoyed a great breakfast the next morning in the hotel restaurant. A buffet is offered in addition to the regular menu. Portions were huge and I'm not sure any of us were able to finish. Service was extremely friendly but a little slow.As this was a quick trip we were not able to enjoy the pool - hopefully we will on our next trip, as we are staying here again next May.To sum it up we had a great stay and look forward to the next one!Transportation notes: there were 4 of us traveling from JFK with at least 8 bags. We arranged to have Arecibo pick us up - the fee to the hotel was $50 plus tip. Our doorman, Nick, arranged our transportation to the port and that was $25 plus tip.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelsNYC
<Content>Scenic Views, Beautiful Neighborhood, Great Service We just returned from a long weekend trip to New York City. We have stayed at this hotel several times this year and always received the same terrific service. The rooms are very comfortable and most often we have been given rooms with a great view of the city and concierge level access. All of the staff with whom we interacted- the doormen, the check-in staff, the concierge, the parking attendants, the fitness room attendant are friendly, courteous and helpful. On a recent stay when we checked in early we were put in a room we didn't care for. When we asked for a room change for the next day, we were immediately moved. This was all done quickly and pleasantly, with no hesitation.A full breakfast is available in the concierge room on weekdays. It offers more than just the usual continental breakfast fare, along with outdoor balconies offering tremendous views of Manhattan. The staff are welcoming and friendly to all. The late afternoon snacks and evening desserts are especially tasty.Finally another bonus when staying at this hotel is the charming Brooklyn neighborhood of brownstones and the Promenade which is a short walk from the hotel. It has a breathtaking view of the city at night and lovely shops and restaurants nearby.After a quick cab ride into Manhattan for an evening of dining , shopping or theater , you return to a quiet retreat away from the bustle and crowds of the city . We continue to enjoy our stays here.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>STEVESALERNO
<Content>New York's Finest Hotel Much like Brooklyn itself this hotel is an American classic from top to bottom everyone quite simply strives for the best guest experience possible.You will be greeted every morning by the Hotel GM Sam and his staff right at the lobby which is rare in this day in age to interact with Hotel leadership I have stayed here at least 20 times in the last two years and prefer this to any hotel in NYC regardless of price point or location.Steve Salerno  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>VzMan
<Content>Recommend the New York Marriott at the Brooklyn Bridge to everyone! From the moment I arrived, the parking attendant, the bell man service, the people at the desk, and the room staff, are all wonderful! Extremely attentive, polite, and professional! Show genuine concern for my every wish! I totally recommend this hotel to everyone visiting NYC! Visit this hotel on line or call before you look anywhere else. You will not be disappointed!  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bernice-il
<Content>A pleasant surprise We recently stayed over at the Marriot in Brooklyn which we chose for its proximity to the Brooklyn cruise terminal.The room was large and comfortable,check in was quick and friendly and the view from the room of the New York skyline was stunning .The hotel is a 2 minute walk from the subway station which is the first station in Brooklyn after crossing the bridge from Lower Manhattan.This makes the hotel an excellent alternative to hotels in Manhattan.and next time we visit New York i will probably choose to stay here  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>macksie
<Content>Faultless Our stay here was perfect - ok so you're not in Manhatten but the location of this hotel offers a quiet retreat from the busy centre something we were glad of after a full on day of sightseeing and shopping. The subway is located just behind the hotel or you can have a stroll accross the Brooklyn Bridge which takes about 20 minutes (highly recommended). The hotel itself is fantastic, the staff are friendly, the rooms are huge and clean with a nice bar\restaurant to relax in. If you don't fancy going into Manhatten at night Brooklyn Heights is a short walk away and has some nice places to eat.It also is ideal for links to JFK airport as the subway line outside the hotel takes you to the airport airtrain for 2 dollars.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mws215
<Content>Very Good Stayed here for business in Brooklyn, the location was great, just a block from where I was working. Overall a great hotel, well maintained and very clean (especially when compared to previous experiences in 'upscale' Manhattan hotels).Food was very good, and restaurant/bar staff friendly.My only issue was with the noise from the adjacent room that came through the connecting door. This seems to be a common problem with Marriotts, in my experience (maybe with all hotels as well, but I stay almost exclusively at Marriotts.) A fussy toddler kept me awake until 1:30AM, ugh.Beautiful views from the Concierge Lounge, and presumably from bridge-view rooms.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>traveler071_8
<Content>exceptional service in brooklyn We recently stayed at the Brooklyn Marriott for five days in conjunction with our son's wedding. I have rarely been in a hotel where every member of the staff, from doormen, tofront desk, chef, directors of group functons, reservations, general manager, etc. without exception, were so eager to make our stay perfect. Every request, question, or activity was handled superbly with smile. The end result was a perfect stay and wedding. We couldn't be more satisfied.The hotel is a very modern facility, with excellent location in downtown Brooklyn, close to the subway, and within walking distance to Manhattan, yet priced lower then Manhattan hotels. We have stayed here three times and are looking forward to many more.!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>rollocst
<Content>Nice rooms, weak service I was impressed with my guest room. It was up to date, clean and very comfortable. The room was top notch. But while my room had a nice flat screen TV it wasn't worth much without a good signal. I called the desk and they said the problem was due to the weather conditions. I found out later after visiting a relative's room that their TV was working just fine.My issues with service started when I pulled up to the hotel driveway. I had two parties in my car and all of the luggage was taken to one room even though I explained to the bellman that we had two separate reservations. We gave him both of our names. I had to go to the north building to retrieve my luggage and bring it to my room in the south building.I asked the bellman what I needed to do to park my car. He said to pull into the garage and follow the sign for hotel guests. The attendant inside just pointed me down to the lower level. I've never seen a more confusing hotel garage. Everything was roped off and I couldn't find any anyone until I got to the bottom level. I was eventually able to park but when I checked in I told the desk person that I had a parking ticket. Either she didn't understand me or she was insulted that I didn't let her finish her spiel but I had to ask again at check out for them to put the parking on my bill so I would be able to leave the garage. When I tried to leave the garage the parking attendents weren't sure what to do to get me out of the garage. It took them three tries to get the gate opened for me. I really wanted to like this hotel because the rooms were nice. But the service was weak and I expected much more for the money I paid.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	5	4	5	1	1	-1	

<Author>travelincritic
<Content>We liked this one We liked this hotel very much. It was clean. Nice rooms. Decent workout area, pool, etc. Ours had a nice view. It's right down the street from the Brooklyn Bridge and an easy walk to a fabulous view of Manhattan. It's in a great neighborhood with lots of restaurants, but it not too convenient to the sights of NY. We would certainly stay there again but would prefer something a little more convenient.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Cranky_Traveler
<Content>Nice hotel, very good service, a little out of the way, and still pricey We stayed at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott for one night when we were in town for a wedding in Brooklyn. The hotel is very nice, and the rooms were great. The bedding was high quality and the toiletries and toilet paper were as well. The service was very friendly and responsive, and the Sunday brunch was delicious. The price was comparable to a Manhattan hotel, and the hotel on a rather busy downtown Brooklyn street. I lived in Brooklyn for four years, so I'm very much pro-Brooklyn, but if you had business in Manhattan this hotel would be rather inconvenient. Cabs were plentiful at the hotel, and there is a subway nearby, but you have to walk a bit to get to any of the quaint Brooklyn Heights shopping and restaurants. For the price, I'd recommend staying in Manhattan if that's where your business is.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>travelpatty
<Content>Very nice hotel We just returned from a two night stay. Can't say enough about the staff; to a person they were pleasant, friendly and helpful and you got the feeling that they wanted you to enjoy your time at the hotel. Our room was on the 15th floor with a great view. The room was spacious (especially for NY) and clean and the bed very comfortable. There were extra pillows and a blanket in the closet and there was also a small refrigerator for guest use. The room was very quiet and there was never a wait for the elevator. The concierge lounge on the 23rd floor was a big plus. The view was spectacular! The subway was a short distance away which made getting to Manhattan very easy. There were also many good restaurants within walking distance and the area felt very safe. I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Sandra42
<Content>Loved It! I spent one night at the marriot brooklyn Bridge and I loved it.The room we had was huge and nicely furnished with a nice red chaise.The hotel itself was clean and new.The location is great if you re a Brooklyn lover : you ll stay in Brooklyn heights.Really close to Fulton street mall where you can find the really cool pair of Nike Dunk you ve always been looking for:)Anyway, the hotel is also really convenient for tourists who want to visit Manhattan.the closest metro station is 5/10 minutes walk so you may want to consider that.But you ll be walking in NYC anyway..Compared to the outrageous price they charge in Manhattan the marriot bkn is a great deal. i m sure a room like this in manhattan would go for $600.The gym was nice and clean too.Bad thing you have to pay for inernet (like in Manhattan)  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>pignacious
<Content>Nice hotel in Brooklyn We only stayed one night but really liked this hotel. Rooms are large, clean  location is pretty good. Some nice views from higher rooms.Concierge is well stocked  typical breakfast. We were not around for evening offerings.Staff professional  helpful. Would definintely stay here again  for longer stay.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	-1	4	4	-1	

<Author>happyscone
<Content>Above and beyond Ever had a problem getting a room for early check-in? At this huge Marriott hotel complex, the bell staff is enpowered to check you in! We were looking for several rooms on the same floor and we got that plus a view of the river. First rate all the way!!Excellent experience. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	2	5	5	

<Author>drjmr2000_8
<Content>My new New York Hotel!!!! Wow. What an exceptional alternative to staying mid town!I took a chance and booked here in August when no rooms were available in Manhattan. I will never go back to Manhattan again. This is the place! Newly rennovated, immaculate and pleasant rooms, a nice lounge downstairs to connect via wi-fi....If you dont mind going across the bridge for appts in midtown this is your place!I love this hotel!!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>satoxena
<Content>LOVE the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge! This is an EXCELLENT hotel! Right over the Brooklyn Bridge from lower Manhattan (you can walk over the bridge to Little Italy and Chinatown or its cheap cab fare).Beautiful building, rooms and location. You can walk to Court Street where there are dozens of new restaurants.Service is superb and the prices are less than equivalent hotels across the river.Excellent pool and health club with a nice bar and Achieves resuranunt in the building.Summer there's a farmers market one half block away.We formally stayed in lower Manhattan when visiting our daughter but it's too easy to get to downtown from this place. This is a winner. Ask for a high floor in the new tower. Nice views.Any questions about Brooklyn? Ask for Janet in the lounge, she's wonderful and knows the city very well.General Manager is Sam Ibrahim, if you had a problem (which is hard to believe) he'd make it right.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MarriottGuyWNY
<Content>Great Marriott Hotel for Business Travelers I ended up staying at the Marriott at Brooklyn Bridge this Past May. It was my third stay there in the past year. It is my favorite Marriott of the four in the area (others being Marquis in Time Square, Financial District near Wall St. and East Side). As a business traveler, I find the Marquis too crowded outside with tourist and the elevators take forever, East Side location is okay, rooms are small and a bit outdated (however that my have changed with recent renovations), and really don't care for Financial District Marriott for various reasons.Pros: Easy access to subway (2,3,4,5,M,R trains at Borough Hall a couple minutes walk; A,C,F at Jay Station across street in back of hotel. Great staff, friendly, never had any problems at all in my three stays. nice clean rooms, especially if you get a room in the expansion tower, Flat screen TV's with HD Channels. Huge Fitness area. My only gripe is the Health Club is not Marriott owned, and it closes at 10pm (I believe...maybe 11pm). Usually the Fitness Centers at most Marriotts are open 24/7. Side note: there also was construction going on one of the lower floors during the day (9am - 5pm only). It really have no affect on me since I was not there while it was going on. So if you are going to be staying in your room all day while you are in NYC, then yes, it may be an inconvienance. It may be over with by now.The concierge lounge, if you have access, is one of the nicer Marriott lounges. Free Wi-Fi access there, complimentary continental breakfast (fruit, cereal, eggs, pastries, yogurt, juices, bagels), complimentay soda (pepsi, diet pepsi, sierra mist, schwepps), water through out the day, complimentary Hors d'oeuvres in the evening and dessert (cookies, ice cream selection of cakes and pies). Honor Bar too for drinks in evening(think $5 for a drink, but may be wrong as I did not drink there).As far as internet goes, if $12.95 a night is too much you (it is for me), i signed up at boingo.com, which allows access at most Marriott hotels. It cost $21.95 a month (usually can signup at a reduced rate, like first two months for the price of one), works at a good amount of airports too...good deal compared to the alternative. It is worth while for me as I usually travel a week a month.I don't bother eating at Marriott's (unless I have a 2 for 1 dinner coupon). You are in NYC...besides of the convenience at eating there, you are only a quick subway to Chinatown/Little Italy and isn't too hard find a cheaper meal there. And i am sure the concierge at the front desk can direct you to a good restaurant too.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sgdc
<Content>Brooklyn is great, nice place to stay We really liked staying at the Brooklyn Marriott, it afforded us a great opportunity to stay in NYC for less than it would have cost to stay in Manhattan, the staff was super-competent, we had a very comfortable room, and it is within a few blocks of several subway stations, restaurants, and shops making it convenient to the city. We went for Valentine's weekend, stayed two nights and loved it, took a run across the bridge and back, and relaxed in the whirlpool. the gym was pretty nice. Would highly recommend  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>SFShush
<Content>Mangment has a bad attitude For the outrageous price they charge per night, you'd expect some good customer service. I've never actually been yelled at by a manger before (or any staff member, for that matter), until I stayed here. I never once raised my voice, but she felt it was appropriate to tell me to be quiet so I could listen to what she was saying.I had billing issues, was awoken at 7:30-8:30 every morning by construction, didn't have my room cleaned every day, was lied to more than once by different staff members, and the list goes on and on.The location was good. Even though it was in Brooklyn it just took a few minutes on the subway to get to Manhattan. But that can't save it from the rudest staff as a whole I have ever encountered.They try to suck every penny out of you that they can, too. No packaged pasteries, even, for breakfast. Instead you can order their $19 (not kidding) bagel. Internet is $14 a day after tax. They charge for everything they can.I've had better customer service at Motel 6 and European youth hostels. I would never recommend this place to anyone unless they get a major staff overhaul.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>Elzbthabeth
<Content>Hey, Hyatt? Hilton? Come to Downtown Bklyn. Marriott Needs Competition I'll start by saying this is a nice, clean, comfortable hotel. You can't go wrong staying here. But I have a real problem with a hotel that gets stingy with its guests. Especially at $429 -- before taxes - a night. Remember, we're still in Brooklyn.That $429 will buy you a comfortable room and nothing more. You will pay for internet access.... why? Because they can charge it. In the Manhattan hotels I've stayed at, that access is free if you go to their business center. Not at the Bklyn Marriott. AND you will pay for breakfast. You will pay through the nose if you want that breakfast brought to your room. Consider this: After all the fees were added, including the 20% service charge ON TOP OF the $4.00 delivery charge, a $16 breakfast brought to the room (danish and coffeee) cost $26.60. Don't count on the service for that money, either. On two of the four nights we were there we needed to contact the front desk. There was no answer, and a trip downstairs revealed that the staff was overwhelmed with airline staff checking in (or out). A lot of flight attendants and pilots seem to stay there, but the staff appears to have trouble handling them all. We came home one night to find the down escalator operating, while the up escalator was out of service. With a maintenance key and simple press of a button, the down escalator could have been switched to carry guests up. But the staff didn't seem to care.I know NYC hotel prices are outrageous, especially in the summer, but if the Brooklyn Marriott had a little competition from other hotels, instead of being the only show in lower Brooklyn, I think they'd have to be kinder to their guests for that money. Until they are, I will try to avoid it whenver I can.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>3	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PennsylvaniaBanklady
<Content>Fabulous Service-Brooklyn Marriott I am fortunate to stay in this hotel numerous times every month. The front desk staff, especially Beverly Brown, are welcoming the minute you approach them. The bellman Angelo and Terry are right there ready to assist with baggage, and this carries thru the entire visit. I want to share two recent experiences. Mathilde is the woman from houskeeping who brings the mints for your pillow. One evening as we chatted she was telling me about a medication that she was taking, but could not remember the name. the next evening along with the mint on my pillow, was a nice note in which she shared the information. Another time I lost a very expensive gold bracelet and Fadwa in the concirege lounge assisted me with recovering it thru lost and found. In short, in addition to being an excellent facility, the staff here goes way beyond what is necessary to make you feel welcome.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JamesBRicketts
<Content>Very pleasant stay We have two children (3 and 1 YO) and stayed at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott over 4th of July weekend. Everyone - from the bellhops to front desk to housekeeping staff were prompt, very kind, and considerate. The front desk person who checked us in gave us a great room - double exposure so our son could see fireworks. The bed was comfortable, the hotel is very business - friendly (I had to work on our trip) and linens were nice. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hleahh
<Content>Really Liked It! I really liked this hotel. I booked it for a conference at Pace university, and it was linked to by the conference webpage. It is pricey, and that's its major drawback, but otherwise, the location is great. It is so close to Manhattan, yet it feels quieter. And it's right near a swanky street in Brooklyn Heights with inexpensive and great restaurants. I went to a wonderful thai place, and if I could remember the name, I'd totally recommend it. The beds were really comfy, and the room was a good size, especially for NYC! If you can afford it, I'd recommend staying here. I'd definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYC159
<Content>Very comfortable Excellent location and very clean, comfortable hotel.Needed to be downtown early in the morning and this was the perfect location to start from  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Triskel Bay
<Content>Okay, and debate if a Super 8 would have been just as good The main issue with this hotel is its overpriced even at a group discount rate, but that seems to be the norm with any hotel in a big city. For the price I would have liked a cleaner room. The main part was clean but the bathroom was a tad gross with makeup and I dont know what else wiped all over the door and the tile had dirt, grime and bacteria in several spots. Not to mention left over garbage from the prior guest still on the floor. The good things about this hotel is it has a large work out room and the staff was very friendly. Montague street is only a 5 min. walk and it has all kinds of restaurants on it. Select carefully where you eat though as there are several dirty dining places on this street. And unfortunately the Thai place I went to was shut down the next day by NYC health department. There is a great healthy market you can by all your meals at which I recommend. I also recommend taking the walk all the way down to the end of this street where you will see a view of the statue of liberty and the city. Do this at sunset as it is beautiful.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	3	3	3	

<Author>SOOWAT
<Content>Good hotel but way too expensive even with a low dollar rate       spacious rooms  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	1	5	2	5	4	5	3	

<Author>findingmuse
<Content>it was just fine. I stayed here for a girls' getaway weekend at the beginning of Sept. 2007. I'll be upfront and add that my friend used her Marriott points for our stay (and she still has about 90,000 left--THAT'S some business traveling).We arrived on a Thursday evening after a full work day and a 2 hour flight. But it's NYC, so when you get there, you have to take the bus to Manhattan, which drops you off around Times Square. But oh ha! We were staying in Brooklyn. We were told by someone--I think at this Marriott, but I'm not 100% sure on that--that we could get a taxi from Times Square to the Brooklyn Marriott for about $60. But oh ha again! As luck would have it, all the NYC taxi drivers were on strike, and so they were just charging whatever they felt like it that night. The first one we talked to wanted $70...per freaking person. This amused me to no end, because hello! It's New York, New York, where everything costs double, just like the name implies. My friend--a South African/British citizen just now getting accustomed to the ways and means of capitalist-no socialized healthcare-no free anything America--was aghast, but thankfully good at reading subway maps and somehow we got to where we were going via subway/bus. If she had written this review, the title would be That's Extortion! because she said this about every 10 minutes of our weekend stay.So. We got to the Marriott very, very tired. The front desk people were actually very nice--with a little nice, friendly chit chat (you angry reviewers who didn't get your rooms with the good views/good front desk service DO know that you can catch more flies with honey than vinegar, yes?) we were given a room on a floor way high up...maybe in the 20's? I don't remember. AND we had a spectacular view of the Brooklyn Bridge, which is beautiful at night when all lit up. Yet in a sadly, wistful, haunting kind of way, because of the spotlights that shine in memory of the World Trade Center.We used their gym once--she used the pool, I used a treadmill. No complaints here...to me, who is NOT a gym rat, a gym is a gym is a gym. And because of her chi chi high powered Marriott standing, she had access to their swanky business center that's on a floor which is off limits to the little people. But I did get to partake in their breakfast buffet backhandedly since she brought me down stuff--it looked like a good spread: eggs, bacon, fruit, yogurt, muffins. It does help to be nice to hotel employees AND have a frequent Marriott guest hook up. We were supposed to have a free welcome bucket of ice cream as part of the deal, but we got there so late the kitchen had closed. So they brought it the next day...while we were out getting blisters walking around Manhattan. Thus, it was melted by the time we got to it. But you know--they'd given us a room with a swank view and we didn't need the extra calories, so it was all good.Other than the great view, my favorite part of this room were the blackout curtains. Oh. My. God. Who invented these? Give that person a Nobel Peace Prize. After an exhausting afternoon/evening/night of travel, the next day I woke up and had no idea what time it was, but it didn't matter! I'd had the best sleep of my life. We had good, comfortable beds with good, comfortable pillows. The bathroom was decent, nice, and clean. I really don't know what some other reviewers' issues were with the toilet paper...is there a special standard for that stuff I don't know about? I don't know; I usually don't compare things like that, it seems a little, well, quite frankly, overly absorbed with certain bodily functions that make me start wanting to haul out my Freud reference materials.We never ate at the restaurant here--did they have one? We were too busy walking around the city. My friend is in love with rugby (or, conversely, just rugby players), so while I slept in the pitch black, heavenly room, she headed out early a lot to go figure out where we could catch some of those games and the front desk guy was always really sweet about waiting until at least 11 AM before calling the room to let me know she hadn't been kidnapped or mugged. They were also really helpful to us in printing out our boarding passes--somebody else here said they got charged for that, but we didn't.I've stayed in one other place in NYC--quite some time ago, so I forget the name of the place--and I have to say this is a very nice hotel. If you're a hotel snob, then maybe not for you...go check into the Four Seasons. But if you're an avid business traveller racking up the Marriott points (and/or a friend leeching off an avid business traveller), or you've got the extra money to spend on a really, really nice hotel in the NYC/Manhattan area, then I think you'll be just fine with this place.Tips (and this is for anywhere in the world you go, not just here):Bring your happy face and good attitude, and I bet you'll find that 9 out of 10 people in an establishment will be more than willing to try to accommodate your needs.Some things are worth getting snippy about, like a broken lock on a door...or a room teeming with cockroaches...or smelly souls loitering in the lobby and hallway areas. But toilet paper? Unless you have serious, bleeding hemorrhoids, I'd let that one go. Ditto for the pool temperature...it's a pool, not a bathtub. And there were some other nitpicky things I got a kick out of reading, but then I'm starting to nitpick on the nitpickers, and that's not cool I suppose.It's NYC. Bring good walking shoes. And dooooon't eat in Little Italy. They have really scary waiters that make single traveling women totally uncomfortable. Long story--but trust me on it.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>NST_review
<Content>Good service The Marriott was the chosen location for an international conference I was attending. It's an odd location, and feels very different to other parts of NYC. It's about a 20 min walk from the hotel to the start of the business/shopping district at the Manhattan side of the bridge, and around a $7 ride. We also travelled up-town to meet friends at the Plaza in the Park, which cost $20. Meanwhile a tube (subway) journey to Greenwich village took 20 mins and cost $4 rtn.Don't be fooled by the shopping in the area. The fact it has a Macy' around the corner, doesn't make this a smart part of town. That said, head up Montagu St (5 min walk) and you do find a few quieter streets, with older buildings with more character. There are some good restaurants up there too. At the end of the road are the Brooklyn Heights that overlook the river, bridge and the South/Eastern side of Manhattan island.As for the hotel itself, all staff were polite and very helpful. The rooms were large, smart, modern and clean.We only had conference food in the hotel, so I can't comment on overall food quality. They have an in-house Starbucks, but there are plenty of places within a 3 minute radius serving coffee/juices etc.There is a pool and gym - which looked enticing, but I didn't make it in there.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	2	4	5	4	4	

<Author>KittenPower
<Content>Swanky Hotel but generally disappointing       Room in the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	2	4	2	-1	2	

<Author>beleaguered_pats_fan
<Content>We enjoyed our stay immensely We tried something different for our latest Manhattan Trip. We stayed in Brooklyn and took the subway into Manhattan. We saved over 100 bucks a day on the room by staying at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott. The hotel is located near the subway (about 1 block). We were a little intimidated by the New York subway system at first, but soon felt comfortable taking it to the various sites we visited in Manhattan. Hopstop.com is a very useful website for navigating the subway. It gives very detailed directions for navigating between locations. WWW.MTA.INFO is another resource that can be used. The hotel is also a stop on the Grayline Tours loops. For around $40.00 you can get a 48 hr pass that will give you hop on/hop off access to the dozens of attractions on or near the tour bus/trolley stops that are on Grayline's routes. The hotel room was large and clean. I did scare myself a few times because of the placement of the mirrors in the room. I kept thinking a big ugly guy had made his way into the room until I got used to it. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful. My daughter was especially impressed by the flat planel TV. The hotel restaurant was kind of pricy so we ate out. I purchased 48 hour New York Passes for each of us which gave us access to a pile of Manhattan attractions without having to wait in long lines. We were able to see many more things with the time we saved. All in all we loved the experience, but if you're going to be visiting spots mainly in Manhattan as we do, you might want to opt for the conveniece of staying at one of the Manhattan hotels.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TNTIII
<Content>Fantastic! Our son chose this hotel for the out of town guests traveling to his wedding in Brooklyn. The guests occupied a total of 12 rooms. He could not have made a better choice for us! Everyone was thoroughly pleased with their accommodations. The rooms are extremely spacious, well appointed, and very clean. The beds, bed linens and pillows were so comfortable. It was great having a small sitting area with couch (which also opened up to a full size bed), wide screen tv, safe, small refrigerator, and coffee maker in the room. We were too busy to use the pool or fitness room, but several family members did and really enjoyed themselves. Both check-in and out went extremely fast and everyone at the front desk was extremely gracious and accommodating. In fact, everyone working at the hotel went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. Parking was simple and convenient, and we really appreciated not having to pay a fee every time we took the car in and out of the garage. Many of the guests took themselves on a walking tour of the neighborhood, over the Brooklyn Bridge, and to the wedding which was held at the nearby Brooklyn Historical Society. They all remarked at what a beautiful, safe area it was. The food at the hotel restaurant for lunch and breakfast was delicious and very reasonably priced. There were no complaints from any of the folks that traveled with us about anything! Now that we have found this beautiful gem of a place in Brooklyn, we will definitely stay here when visiting the city as it is an easy subway ride away from the bright lights and big city!  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>DaveandSarahYH
<Content>Nice option for Brooklyn Stayed for one night in March, 08.The check-in process was smooth and simple. Customer service was very polite and helpful, giving us a nice sushi restaurant recommendation that was about 7 min walk from the hotel.Room was very nice, and updated. Everything was clean and appeared fresh.Would definitely recommend this hotel, as an option away from Manhattan, yet close enough to get on the trains and such.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>2Travelers2go
<Content>Best in the Borough! Stayed three nights in Apr 08 in the North tower. This hotel is a great way to explore Brooklyn. Very convenient to subway stops and just around the corner from the Jay St (A line) stop. Room itself was great with lots of space and great amenities including a small refrigerator and coffee maker. I don't use internet while on vacation so can't comment on that. The room was newly renovated and very nice. The large HD TV was great! Bed was very comfortable and fresh, clean white linens made it even more inviting after a long day of sightseeing. Bathroom was spacious and plenty of counter space for toiletries. Hotel provided a hair dryer in the room. Room had a large closet, too. Pool and gym were welcome features. The pool was a bit chilly but not unbearable. Nice enough for a few laps to loosen up. Hot tub was kind of small but served its purpose. Sauna was good size. Lots of gym equipment and not many people using it over weekend. Only thing I would change is pool hours; they close at 7 p.m. on weekends. Did not eat a meal in the Archives restaurant but the bar area is a nice place for a quick snack - including Junior's cheescake if you are so inclined. Also be sure to check out the historic artifacts they have in the display cabinets - some FREE interesting Brooklyn history right there in the hotel and courtesy of the Brooklyn Historical Society! Slight downsides to the hotel: some of the rooms are quite a way from the elevator since there is only one bank of elevators. The housekeeping staff were very friendly and did a great job. One day they were literally on the floor cleaning for 12 hours; from 10 a.m. until 10 p.m. I did think that was a little bit late to be cleaning, including the accompanying noise. Otherwise, the hotel was quiet and peaceful at night. The front desk staff were proficient, although a bit rushed. Understandable due to the traffic at the desk at times. Concierge was helpful and friendly. Doormen tried to sell the services of a towncar versus a cab, but the cabs were available so used one of them to get to the Williamsburg area. About a $12 cost. It's a very easy walk (apx. 2 blocks) to the Brooklyn Bridge walkway entrance. Out the front door and turn right. There is a restaurant that serves breakfast, lunch and dinner right at the corner where you enter walkway, which is convenient if you want a meal on the way there or back. All in all, a great stay and I would definitely stay at the Marriott again! GO SEE BROOKLYN it's a wonderful alternative to Manhattan!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>animaterra
<Content>Highway Robbery Yes, it's close to the subway, yes, the bed is comfortable, yes, there's a fitness room, yes, the toilet paper is pretty soft. Would I stay here again? NO. They try to get as much money out of you as they can. $13/day for internet access--WTF? wifi is everywhere!--; $23 for a double Scotch. No fan in the bathroom--is that up to code?--one of two phones didn't work at all, dead batteries in remote control, room far from elevator, view of side of building, Jacuzzi around 95 deg, pool cold. Indifferent service. We got a group rate of $199 for my cousin's wedding...I can't believe people usually pay $279 and up here. What a rip-off!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	3	2	1	

<Author>Shyyydoggg
<Content>The Marriott Is Good Alternative Booked a Last-Minute Deal through Travelocity for quick single person weekend trip before Spring/Summer prices go up and New York gets too crowded and hot. Options for relatively inexpensive hotels were limited, but chose the Marriott based on total price for air and hotel ($554 total including taxes/fees). Thought that was pretty good deal for 2 nights and flight from Greensboro, NC (we have lousy connections and EXPENSIVE flights from our airport). Just wanted an adventure out of town and to see some shows before work gets busy. Tried the cheap inbound trip on the M60 bus from La Guardia to Lexington Ave., then subway (4 or 5) directly to Burrough Hall stop (a five minute or less walk to hotel). This took about 1.5 hours from airport to hotel, but cost 2.00). Hotel in safe area, well lit, lots of traffic. Hotel is very pleasant and easy to find on Adams Street (main drag). Checked in at noon, no problem; got king-size bed, but no view on 4th floor of older building because none available at that hour; receptionist was very nice and I appreciated the early check-in; I suspect I could have checked in earlier or gotten a better view if had checked in later. The pool/exercise center is terrific; clean, new equipment, not crowded when I was there, and the hot tub was great after early morning travel. Towels provided at the pool. Nice clean locker room. Room was large by NY standards (15 X15 at least), floor to ceiling windows overlooking street (good curtains, shears, and light-blocking curtains), not noisy at all; large/clean bathroom with combo shower/tub; lots of towels; room seemed new and fresh; nothing fancy, but very attractive and comfortable!!! Could have just hung out in the room. Coffee maker but no robes or mini-bar; did have mini-fridge which was nice touch. Bed and linens/pillows all super comfortable. Flat screen TV nice. Hallway noise non-existent. Bar food at midnight on Friday night was a first-rate burger and fries for $14. Bar was pleasant, not crowded or loud. The bridge itself is about a 15 minute quick walk; takes about 30 minutes quick pace to cross to Manhattan at court house from the hotel entrance; pleasant safe walk. Manhattan Bridge walkway also close by if going directly to Chinatown, but not as pleasant a walk because of trains (my opinion); also, not many people, so a little spooky. Chinatown is a 45 minute quick walk from hotel across bridge; West Village about an hour or so. nice part of town to walk in. Subway stops are all convenient; travel time from Burrough Hall stop to 42nd Street on #4 train about 20-30 minutes or less; or take downtown train (#4,5,6) to Brooklyn Bridge stop and walk back over the Bridge; excellent sights. World Trade Center about a 30 minute walk from hotel. Let me check bags for Sunday afternoon stroll about town. Lincoln Towncar to La Guardia $30 flat rate; nice trip on Sunday afternoon, about 15 minutes from hotel, though it can be much longer depending on traffic. For the price, this was a good choice for me, nice place to hang out and return to late in the evening or early morning. Explored Brooklyn Heights which is just southwest of the hotel; ate at Pete's Downtown with view of East River and skyline; good reasonable Italian for about half of Manhattan prices (at foot of Fulton Landing right under the bridge and nextdoor to DUMBO; River Cafe is right across the street. Brooklyn Promenade is worth the walk. This area is pretty historic with some old houses and Washington headquarters in 1776; pretty charming. All in all, very much enjoyed this hotel and Brooklyn (and the price, which was something like $190/night). I would prefer this hotel to Times Square (for sure) or Midtown (maybe) if the price was right because it was quiet and convenient.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>vegophile
<Content>Great, but it's Brooklyn... Beautiful property. Lobby is beautiful, smells great, rooms are modern with flat screen TVs - the whole place has been renovated very recently. Probably one of the nicer Marriotts I've stayed at. Staff was very friendly also. Overall, great property. But it's Brooklyn. If you want to do New York touristy stuff...don't stay here.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Twinkle176
<Content>Service standards need urgent attention!! My wife and I stayed here for 3 nights at the end of February as part of our 50th wedding anniversary celebrations. How fortunate that we were due to cruise on Queen Mary 2 for the next 10 nights; and what a contrast in the standards of service!! Only one clerk on duty at reception in a 667 room hotel! A request for a possible upgrade was met with a brusque negative. The hotel had been informed in advance of the occasion but we were given a very basic room about as far from an elevator as you could get. No account was taken of my wife's mobility problemsand a promised room change never materialised. The room keys we were given didn't work so we stood in the corridor waiting for assistance. Reception would send someone up straightaway but 15 minutes later no-one had arrived. A bell boy eventually arrived with our luggage and used his master key to let us in; but we still did not have any keys for the room.The information folder said that breakfast was available in the restaurant until 11.30 am. Going down at 10.15 we were told that the buffet would close at 10.30 and we had better hurry. Sure enough the shutters on the buffet were brought down prematurely at 10.27 and the waiting staff couldn't get us out of the place quickly enough in order to set the tables for lunch. A very bad impression and very misleading information in the room.On the next two mornings we breakfasted at a nearby diner where the food and service were superior and at about 1/3rd of the price.The rooms are larger than average for New York and the location is good with easy access to the lovely Brooklyn waterfront and good subway connections to Manhattan. It is also a short taxi ride to the Brooklyn Cruise Terminal. But the management of the hotel needs to get its act together.We have stayed in at least a dozen other Marriotts in USA from San Diego to Las Vegas and this was our worst experience by far.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>velevele
<Content>Good location in the Brooklyn area I stayed here for two nights in February-March 2008, and enjoyed my stay very much. I hope to have many more stays here in the years to come.Positives:?The hotel is well-located in Brooklyn, near the Brooklyn Bridge, the promenade, subway stations, and many excellent and not-too-expensive restaurants.?Some of the rooms (not mine, alas, but a friend that I was traveling with) have excellent view of the Manhattan skyline, the East River, and the Brooklyn bridge. (He had a 20th-floor room in the south tower; I had a 10th-floor room with a limited view.)?The room was kept very clean, and the maid service was friendly and prompt (sometimes even before I was ready, which is unusual for me!).?The staff were friendly and helpful, and wished me luck at the competition I was here to attend. :-)?I liked the airport checkin terminal at the front desk, where you can print out boarding passes for your flight. This worked great.?I liked the bathroom amenities, too, a nice orange-ginger set of shampoo, conditioner, and lotion (I think it was Bath and Body Works).?If you need your Starbucks fix, there are two within a block or so of the hotel.?The hotel has a car service, which I used to get back to LaGuardia ?it has a flat rate and is a little more expensive than a taxi would be, but I loved the ease and comfort of the quiet, clean car, and would happily use the service again. You can, of course, also get a regular taxi, of which there are plenty.?Although Adams Street, on which the hotel faces, is a large street that very busy during the day, it quiets down considerably at night (almost spookily so), and I didn hear any street noise in my room.?The water pressure and temperature in the shower were good, and the bed was comfortable.?I was here for an event being held in the hotel, but I could see using this hotel as a base to explore Manhattan, too ?you can walk across the bridge, or, there are subway stops for several different lines within a block of the hotel. I trundled my relatively large bag from my Midtown Manhattan hotel to this hotel using the subway, with no difficulty at all.Negatives/other factors?I didn like the shower head ?it was very adjustable, with all sorts of options for mist, pulsing jets, etc., but somehow I couldn get it to just spew out a bunch of water. :-)?Next time I would ask for one of the rooms with a better view. (My friend checked in after me and joined the Marriott frequent stay program right before he booked his room, whereas Ie been a member much longer, yet he got the better room ?grr!)?The lobby could use a few more places to congregate. You go up an escalator to the 2nd floor, where registration is, and although there are a few chairs there, there weren quite enough.?A lot of the hotel shut down at odd times, including the foyer outside the ballroom area. I can understand locking the ballroom itself, but the foyer held extra chairs, restrooms, etc., and I couldn see any reason why it couldn have been kept open around the clock.?I could not get my alarm clock to change the hour. (The rest of it seemed to work fine.)?I didn eat at the hotel restaurant so can comment on that.In summary, the event I attended is likely to be held at this hotel for years to come, and I look forward to returning to the hotel every year for it. It was an excellent choice by the event organizers that otherwise I would never have known about.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dean60
<Content>Booking a seminar for 30 people We held a seminar at this hotel. Be aware that they charge for everything in the room. Even we were charged for an extension cord plus tax on the cord! If you want internet hook-up, they change a large amount for each day and each computer -- more than the room rate. We did get a discount for rooms but the hotel made up for this situation by taxing and charging us $80 dollars for coffee - 1 gal. They think that people will just accept the high prices because this is New York City. It is not! Brooklyn is locate across the river. Watch the contract! We could not bring in food! If you want to save some money, go somewhere else. This hotel is out to make money at the customer's expense. It is NOT worth it. We will not go again. Also the seminar rooms were not cleaned after use. Ugh. We learned the hard way. Watch out for the manager of the hotel. He will offer discounts for another stay. Another opportunity for them to get your money!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	3	2	1	

<Author>zoecatva
<Content>All around great hotel for a great value Stayed for one night at this hotel and it was great! I have no complaints at all. There is underground parking at a very reasonable price (we paid only $18). Our room was spacious and had a view of the courthouse and the river. The bed was very comfortable and there was also a comfy chaise as extra seating near the window. The decor was modern and trendy. I really like the touch of the ipod docking station alarm clock too! The bathroom was roomy and nicely decorated. Good toiletries too (orange spice from bath and body works), gave it a spa feel. There was a coffeemaker and fridge in the room. The room and hallways were all very clean. Noise was not a problem even though it is a large hotel.The hotel is in a great, convenient location. It is close to a variety of subway stops. We had no problem grabbing a cab/car with the assistance of the hotel. We hardly waited at all on a Saturday night. Tons of shops and restaurants nearby...everything from drugstores to clothing stores. I checked out the pool/ftiness room. Very large fitness room with good selection of cardio and weights. Also a lap pool, which looked nice, but it was packed so i decided against trying to get in. Both are accessible via a bridge connecting the two towers of the building so you don't need to go through the lobby in your bathing suit or gym clothes, which is nice. Overall, really nice stay and I would definitely go back again! Nice alternative to being in manhattan with still very convenient.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>FrizzlysFamily
<Content>Great stay between Christmas and New year Stayed with my wife and 12 year old son for five nights between Christmas and New Year's Eve 2007 and had a superb stay. Had a large, comfortable and well appointed room on the 14 th floor of the new wing with a nice view of Brooklyn Bridge. All staff were very pleasant, helpful and friendly - concierge and valet especially. Nice bar/restaurant area - had a great meal one night - try the fish and chips washed down with Brooklyn lager! Some people don't like the location as you have to travel to get to Manhattan but we thought it was excellent - close to the upmarket area of Brooklyn Heights with good restaurants (try Grand Canyon Diner for breakfast and Pete's Downtown for nice Italian), half hour walk over Brooklyn Bridge to South Street Seaport, few hundred yards to subway stations which get you to most places on Manhattan (used subway a couple of times - only 15 minutes and $2 to Maddison Square Garden or Central Park South - no problems) plus the hotel is the first stop on the open top bus tour loop of Brooklyn which finishes at South Street from where you can pick up the downtown Manhattan loop - book tickets with the concierge. Hotel was excellent value compared with similar standard Manhattan hotels. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>bratface
<Content>great especially traveling with a w/c Needed to travel to Blkyn for a 50th wedding anniversary party for my mom's brother. Mom is very heavy and uses an extra wide w/c.We were offered the senior citizen rate of $169 per night for both rooms. The h/c room, reserved at the last minute only had a king...I could have gotten a roll away (which I actually saw and for a change it looked quite comfortable) but got an adjoining room for myself and Mom's aide. Each room had a small fridge but no microwave. The shower in Mom's room was great, a large fold down seat and sturdy bars...Rooms were spectacularly clean with luxury bedding and more pillows than I'd ever seen! The staff were not only professional but warm, helpful and friendly. All set up for business with plenty of plugs and internet access.I made it to Broadway in 20 minutes on an express train on Saturday morning! I's only two stops until you reach Manhattan! There were two different lines quite close to the hotel; the A C and the 1 2 3....about 35 minutes to the Museum of Natural History. The area around the hotel seemed quite safe, I went to a drug store at 2 am for some necessary items. My past experience in Manhattan was that there was a lot of hustle and bustle at the hotels and the rooms were tiny, lobbies almost non existent in some. I think it's a wonderful value to have so much space both in the room and nice places in the lobby to relax and be so close to everything. I went to college nearby at LIU about 20 years ago and the area has certainly changed for the better!When I stayed in NJ just walking distance to the bridge if I took a cab it was $18 just to get over the bridge! I took a cab from the Upper West Side back to the door of my hotel for $22...no fees for going over the bridge.The restaurant was pricey but nice fresh eggs and smoked salmon for breakfast ...Junior's Cheesecake was close by!The only problems were with the garage...the elevator near the h/c parking spaces sis not operate on the week ends but we didn't find that out till we were actually inside calling for assistance! The desk clerk was very sympathetic to our complaint, comped us all breakfast and promised to look into it. The next day we found after pulling up to a particular exit from the garage that the cashier did not have the equipment to process our parking ticket. Two other cars had to back out so that I could do a five point turn with the mini van and go to the Adams Street exit. The hotel manager promised to review the situation and I trust that he will. The garage is not owned/operated by the hotel but these kinks should be ironed out.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lovedup-kerry
<Content>Loved the Beds  We have just returned from a break in New York and we stayed for 5 nights at the Marriott Brooklyn and we really enjoyed it. The staff were very professional and friendly especially the concierge 'Guiani; I think who gave us all the information but did not force us to buy tickets etc from him which was great.The room was very spacious and the bed was just fantastic -so comfy. We ate breakfast twice and it was good.$16.00 for continental buffet with a larger choice if you wanted hot items. They also servce Star Bucks Coffee in the bar in the mornings if you just want a to go coffee. We ate in the bar twice, they serve bar food until 12 midnight which was great after a days shopping if you did not want to go back out for food.Overall we really enjoyed it, the hotel is only 2 subway stops from Wall Street or a 30 minute walk over the Brooklyn Bridge!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>RoadWarriorBluffton
<Content>Great location This hotel is located near the courthouses the entrance to the Brooklyn Bridge. Subway access to Manhattan is a few blocks away and there are many nice neighborhoods within walking distance. Fulton St mall is just around the corner, but is best seen during the day. The hotel staff was both pleasant and helpful. The room was comfortable and well appointed. It still irks me to pay extra for internet access, but that's how it is in full service hotels.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>knuffivienna
<Content>Clean and friendly, but... I stayed at this hotel for two nights from Dec, 31st 2007 until Jan, 2nd 2008.The hall was really nice and there was a nice smell all the time- like some sort of candle or something.Check in was easy and quick. They gave me two queen size beds although a king size was guaranteed- but I didn't really care about that. (just an observation).One thing I found a bit strange is, that they wanted to look into my bag before they would let me check-in.. Probably that was because of New Year's Eve?!The room was clean and spacious, but: my room was on the ninth floor and facing a big street and hence pretty loud. I could also hear people talking in the room next to me. I went to the reception and they gave me a room on the 22nd floor which was quiet, but the fan in the bathroom was running and couldn't be switched off, so I decided to stay in my room on the 9th floor, although they told me that I could change rooms the next morning, because they were 'kind of' sold out. I decided not to change rooms, because actually I was too lazy and I was there for only two nights. After the second night I woke up at about 8.30 a.m. hearing doors slamming, people talking and AGAIN the noises from the street. Another thing I have to mention (someone mentioned it before as well): the pillows: they weren't very comportable... they were to high and at some point I just slept on the mattress without a pillow. The mattress was- unfortunately- not as comfortable as it should be... I am very thin, but when I got up in the morning you could see where exactly I was lying and I guess you can imagine that it wasn't very comfortable during the night either.I was surprised that they don't offer free internet. You obviously have to pay for the internet in the room, you also had to pay, I think, $3 or 5 to use the internet in the Business Lounge for 15 minutes. There are just 3 computers in there and it was occupied everytime I went by. I guess for $199 and more per night I can assume that there is free internet available. But the good points: the hotel was just one block away from some subway stations and with an express train it just takes about 5 minutes to Wall Street- Financial disctrict- and 15 minutes to midtown- Times Square.Everybody in the hotel was very nice and tried to help as much as possible. About 2 minutes awaw from the hotel you have a Burger King and a Wendy's and about 5 minutes there is a drug store.Unfortunately I had no chance to get that great look over Manhattan. They tell you on the homepage that you have a great view from the Concierge Lounge, but the Concierge Lounge is only for (as far as I remember) for platinum marriott members. Instead I walked to the Brooklyn Bridge and to Manhattan- which just takes about 25 Minutes- if you aren't taking pictures like crazy like I was ; )To sum it up: the location was good, the room clean, spacious and the staff was friendly and helpful. If you are more or less just sleeping there and sleeping not longer than 8.am or 8.30 am and have a deep slepp I can definately recommend it ; )  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shamrock_8
<Content>Pure luxury Arrived from Ireland very tired on 26th Dec. Lovely warm cosy rooms, very spacious, my daughter said it was the most comfortable bed she had ever slept in. Had breakfast every morning in a diner about 100yds away, very tasty and set us up for the day.Staff were very helpful and friendly, we had a problem with noisy neighbours partying one night and I called reception and the matter was dealt with immediately. Thoroughly enjoyed our four day stay and would return here again. It was lovely to stay in Brooklyn, beautiful place, so much prettier than Manhatten yet only 10 mins away. Make sure you walk the Brooklyn Bridge  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>topdown71
<Content>Great stay in Brooklyn       brooklyn bridge  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sthomas0616
<Content>Just a Stone's Throw Away From Everything! My husband and I were visiting our son and girlfriend in Brooklyn and decided to stay at the Marriott rather than crowd them in their apartment. What a wonderful idea that was - this hotel is close to the subway which takes you all over Manhattan (Brooklyn and Queens too) which is what we did - since it was the holiday season we visited the tree at Rockefeller Center, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Times Square, Chinatown and Little Italy. The hotel offers wonderful accomodations (the room with a view isn't really that great though - not worth the extra dollars), the restaurant breakfast buffet was terrific and the bar area were all conducive to hanging out and enjoying our company - we are definitely going to make this our place to stay when visiting our son.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>spazgirl123
<Content>Great location and service! Nice rooms, great staff to help with all needs! Right next to the subway to get anywhere. Next to the mall, everything is within walking distance.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerConnnecticut
<Content>Clean and courteous My wife and I just stayed at this Marriott. It was clean and comfortable. The staff was courteous and professional. Parked on site at reasonable additional cost. Will definitely go back. We checked in late, 11:00pm, and I was thirsty. I told the check in person and he went in back and got me bottled water, gratis. We were well taken care of; just what you want away from home.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TX_Flyer001
<Content>Very Convient to Manhattan Stayed for BUSS, easy to get on the MTA, clean and good staff. Pros - location, gym, TV very nice with lots of HD channelsProblems - was not able to recieve incoming phone calls in my room for 1 1/2 days, Internet is a rip off, no free local calls. Hotel Bar Beer very overpriced.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	2	3	2	

<Author>khhensley
<Content>Marriott for the NYC Marathon We staid at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott over the NYC marathon weekend for two nights. It is a typical Marriott, so the amenities and overall ambiance is what you would expect from this chain. We lived in Brooklyn for close to a decade, so it was our preference for marathon weekend, which is an incredibly tight market for hotel rooms. Compared to other hotels in New York, this particular Marriott rooms are enormous (we had two double beds) and very clean and new. This same room in Manhattan would have cost at least double the price. I observed the staff to be conscientious to guests and they were very timely fulfilling our specific requests. You pretty much have access to all major subway lines across the street from the hotel, and Wall Street and the Financial District are one subway stop away.The one drawback I can see is, as another reviewer noted, if you are using their business services, youl pay a premium fee. I cannot envision paying for wireless access in today market.In closing, it is a stone throw from the Brooklyn Bridge, Transit Museum and Brooklyn Law School. Brooklyn Heights is a beautiful neighborhood, with great views of the city, fabulous restaurants, and great people watching. My favorite independent natural foods store in bklyn, Perelanda, is nearly right across the street. It a great base if you plan on exploring the most populous borough in NYC, as well as the bright lights of Manhattan.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	1	

<Author>tubelad
<Content>Awful pillows gave me head and neck ache !!! Snobby Staff Terrible pillows means a bad night's sleep and the Pillow's they have on their beds are truely awful. Your head is supposed to sink into a pillow but these pillows are like rock buns, compared to the beautiful pillows the Hyatt have in their rooms. How can I explain?When you put your head sideways onto a pillow it's supposed to 'sink in' slightly, but there's no sinking in, just a huge gap between your head and the mattress so there's alot of strain on your neck.Staff are snobby and I can't stand that anywhere, In the restuarant, I funny old Jewish bird and her hubby complained that their steak was overdone and sent it back! All through their meal she complained about everything as loudly as possible and it was most funniest thing, I couldnt stop laughing!!!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BritishExpatGermany
<Content>Big comfortable room Room was exceptionally large and comfortable for the price (going by NYC prices). Paid $275+tax. Coffee and tea machine in room.Montague Street is 5 minutes walk so did not use hotel restaurant.Subway stations are only one block away with 6 lines to Manhattan.Great for NY financial district, but up to 40 mins to Lincoln Center (for example).  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>cubswin1
<Content>Great Location Stayed at the Marriott for 3 nights 10-24 to 10-27. The hotel is nice. We stayed in the older part of the hotel and though the hotel was non smoking our room still had the smell that someone had smoked in it. THe view was of the supreme court of NY building on Adams St....so nothing to write home about. I ate at the hotel restaurant twice for breakfast and once for dinner ( couldn't walk anymore!!) and the food was very nice. There are three major subway lines within 2 minutes of walking and that was great...you could get anywhere in Manhattan very fast. It was $30 for a cab/car to and from LaGuardia. There's a nice workout room and a pool so that's a definite plus. I would definetly stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>JimmyMc
<Content>Typical Marriott Business Screwjob Attended a conference in Brooklyn and this hotel was the recommended lodging.Hotel website says this (fairly new) hotel has cutting edge businesscommunication facilities. And after being here I feel like my wallethas been knifed by Marriott in typical Marriott style!High-speed Internet access 50 times faster than dialup incurs a charge of $12.95 per day - while most hotels have already recognized this is a feature that should be complimentary.And the screwjob continues with an ADDITIONAL charge for wireless service elsewhere in the hotel, even when attending a conference that has booked out the hotel and these conference rooms! And thecutting edge quite often didn't make it into many of the conferencerooms leaving business executives in the cold.THEN, the service to print your boarding pass (a big time saver at the airport) requires an additional charge as well in the so-calledbusiness center - where you also had to pay this charge to print ANY document from their computer!It would seem that all of these charges are the usual Marriott business screwjob.Hotel itself is OK for New York, noisy during the day due to schools in the neighborhood.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	4	3	1	1	

<Author>lvs2cruz
<Content>Great Stay at the Marriott       high ceilings made the room seem larger  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>nochins
<Content>Great experience from Oct. 10 to 16, 2007       Front view of the Marriot  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>k9dodo
<Content>My hotel I have to say it is a pleasure to come home to the Brooklyn Marriott. I am greeted getting out of the taxi by Welcome Back from the front entrance to the front desk. The other day I locked my room key in my room. I took my ID to the front desk to get a new card and the person there, Beverly, told me she knew who I was, she did not need the ID. She gave me a new key card immediately.The concierge lounge on the 23rd floor is a pleasure. I am alway greeted with hugs from Leonard and Donald. They make me feel more than welcome, and honestly, their hospitality is a prime reason I keep coming back here. I have been coming here for 8 years, and look forward to many more.The other night I had a sore throat and told Donald I was going back to my room. Shortly I heard a knock on the door and their was Donald with hot coffee and chocolate covered strawberries for me. Is it any wonder I feel so welcome here. Leonard and Fatwa in the morning are thebest too. All I have to do is ask, and they find it for me. This morning I asked about cranberry juice. They were out of the little bottles. Leonard got a big bottle from the kitchen for me. The hotel is the best. Housekeeping put a board under my mattress to help my back. Concierge lounge makes me feel special. Front desk is great. I am truely at home here. Sylvia Smith  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brandie4
<Content>Loved the marriott Travelled to new york for a long weekend and had a fantastic time. The Marriott is an extremely comfortable hotel - beds large, clean, and lots of pillows - best sleep we have had in ages. Rooms are very quiet with coffee maker, fridge, flat screen tv and powerful shower in bathroom. Also the hairdryer was good - not one where you have to hold your finger on the button to get it to work! Cant comment on the restaurant as we ate out at the many lovely cafes and delis to be found in Brooklyn and Manhattan. Getting into Manhattan was no problem as there are many subways close to the hotel - $2 a trip. As stated before in previous comments we found the people of New York very friendly and helpful. Would recommend taking an open top bus tour at start of your trip - gives you an idea of where the sights are and what you might like to see. Cant wait to go back - would book the marriott again!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MashuMashu
<Content>Good stay - clean hotel Nicely located hotel in wonderful Brooklyn. Experience ended up better than expected since I just came off a trip from Japan where service is unmatchable. However, front desk was very nice and pleasant as well as quite helpful. Room Internet did not work but I survived and had better things to do anyway.Hotel and room was clean, orderly and as requested. View was just looking into the central area, but the real view is at the BH Promenade. We were there for a family event and had several rooms. We kept the doors open since we were all going back and forth and the security coming around telling us of the hotel policy of needing to keep the doors closed was a little too post 9-11 paranoi'ish for me. But hey, once they go away, guess what we did....?I recommend the hotel for cleanliness, location and good service overall.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	4	2	

<Author>snoozn
<Content>Excellent hotel in a great location I had a great stay with my family at this hotel. The location can't be beat. It is very close to several subway lines that can take you just about anywhere you want to go. Montague Street has nice little restaurants and a produce store. Try the Irish food at Eammon's Irish pub! At least one day when you are in the city, you should walk back to the hotel over the Brooklyn Bridge. We walked from the Sea port (Pier 17) and it didn't seem nearly as long as it looked. The pedestrian area is actually over the cars rather than to the side, so it isn't as noisy as you might expect. Also, don't miss Grimaldi's pizza, under the Brooklyn Bridge.The hotel room itself was great. The beds and bedding were very comfortable. Everything was new and clean. The staff was helpful and quick to respond. At times they didn't have enough staff when the lobby was crowded. It was very quiet. Between the quiet, the comfy beds, the black-out curtains, and the exercise from walking around the city, we found it hard to get up before 9:30!The only negative regarding the hotel was the restaurant. We ate here one day and one member of our party had an excellent meal, but the others were poor to middling, especially considering the expense. Service was slow. If you are an NYC tourist, do yourself a favor and try the many wonderful little cafe's and restaurants that aren't chains. These are where we mostly ate and we were never disappointed.I would also like to echo what others have said about the friendliness of New Yorkers. Often when our family was looking confused over a map, someone would come up and help us. Other times we would ask random strangers for help and everyone was friendly and helpful--and most people seemed to know exactly how to get everywhere!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Emma33Herefordshire
<Content>Loved the Brooklyn Marriot A super location, super hotel, I would recommend it to anyone. Attractive rooms close to subway and a good selection of hotels.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>martyjoco
<Content>Great Experience We booked the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott because we couldn't find a room in Manhattan, and because we have friends in Brooklyn. We were ever so pleased - this is a top notch, cosmopolitan, excellent hotel in a great location. One day we walked across the bridge to Manhattan, a lovely view and easy walk. Mostly, though, we explored Brooklyn, which has a lot to offer. Good restaurants, music scene, great neighborhoods, and the promenade, which we have all seen in so many movies (it's that waterside walkway that looks over to lower Manhattan). The hotel staff and service were great, which is par for Marriott. Our room was brand new (we learned the new wing, a twin of the original hotel, was just added a few months ago), comfortable, and featured a state-of-the-art set up for computer hookups that looked like the easiest I have ever seen. There was also an i-pod compatible clock radio. Bed fantastic. All in all, a really good hotel in an interesting and convenient location. Brooklyn is cool!  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MrDePalo
<Content>What more can I say ? What a gem in Brooklyn !!! Clean !!!! Cozy !!!! All I can say is a super clean new place that was a dream to stay at in the city of Brooklyn. 1 Block away from the subway. Close to the city and coney island. GREA GREAT GREAT !!!!! Stay here and you will be happy !!!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lililolo
<Content>They really do appreciate your business While many hotels in NYC seem to be complacent about booking your business, with the thought of, if it is not you, it will be someone else , the Marriott New York at the Brooklyn Bridge really does care and wants to make your stay and/or event a success. These folks go above and beyond with the type of customer service that surpasses some 5 Diamond properties. Everyone from the front desk staff to the Conference Service staff to the banquet staff to the sales team and the General Manager are there to make sure that they meet and exceed your expectations. If you are planning an event in the NYC area, I would highly recommend looking at this property as an alternative to Midtown for a truely wonderful experience that will exceed your every expectation.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LinMG
<Content>Beautiful hotel The Marriott at the Brooklyn Bridge is a beautiful hotel right in the middle of busy Brooklyn. The lobby is grand, the room was large and comfortable, check in was a breeze. The staff was very friendly and helpful with directions, etc. The parking was pricey ($23 per day during the week....but everything is pricey in NY).  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>jbritishtraveller
<Content>lovely hotel lovely staff       evening view from our room  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Washington_DCJoe
<Content>Poor Service This is the second time my family has stayed at the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge. The first visit, we ordered room servce with ice cream, recived the order an hour later after calling back (said it would be delived within 30 min). When we did get our ice cream, there were no spoons. After calling a manager, we had to wait an additional 30 min to get spoons. We returned to the hotel a week later (21 July) and again ordered room service with along delay for a simple ice cream order (an hour wait). The only time room service is good is for breakfast when the delivery time is guaranteed or the order is free.In addition to the poor room service, the hotel house cleaning did not service our room the last night. After calling down to the front desk at 5:30 that afternoon about not having a cleaned room, the front desk said that they would send someone up right away. We left for dinner and returned at 9:30 to a still uncleaned room. The hotel front desk said that they would send up clean towels for us, but they never arrived.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jfd
<Content>Good Pre Cruise Option Stayed here one night pre cruise 7/4. Took a car service from JFK. Handled our own bags, you must go up an escalator to check in. The valet dude gave an excellent recommendation for dinner, Henrys End, we enjoyed. We were able to walk to Brooklyn Heights, a very charming neighborhood and see the fireworks at the Brooklyn Promenade, There are numerous restaurants in the area and several markets. Our room was average, but we found the staff very helpful and friendly. It was easy to get a car service to the port the next day. I would recommend this hotel very highly for an alternative to Manhattan. I got an excellent AAA rate of $200.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>VAbeachgirl
<Content>Excellent price and location We stayed here for a weekend in May. Easy to get to by car, and parking on-site was reasonably affordable (compared to Manhattan). The room was modern, clean, nice flat-screen TV, laptop connections for business travelers, etc. Best of all was the location close to the subway, best pizza restaurant in Brooklyn, the bridge, Manhattan, etc. I would highly recommend this place for business or holiday travelers.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SaminDC
<Content>Best hotel in Brooklyn I have not stayed at any others, but I have heard this is the best business hotel in Brooklyn. It was very convenient to a number of subway lines. It is probably better is working in Brooklyn or downtown than midtown, where my work was. It took a little over a half hour to commute. There is not much going on at night. huge gym and a pool. Rooms were spacious.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	3	3	4	

<Author>CompletelyGeeked
<Content>Great Location, Mediocre Hotel       See that print? That's the only print in every room I tried.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>VC1850
<Content>overpriced For the cost, you would think you'd get free internet acess, but no. Also, there was a bunch of hair under the sink in the bathroom and under the bed. Icky!  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	3	1	

<Author>TXBluebonnet
<Content>Great Views from the Marriott Went to Brooklyn to visit our daughter over Mother's Day. Chose the Marriott for its location near our daughter, the Brooklyn Bridge and many subway lines. We selected a Deluxe View Room wanting views of Manhattan. Marriott sent me a Concierge email asking for special requests. I confirmed the View Room. When we arrived, they were full and had some difficulty finding the room with a view of Manhattan. However, after I explained how much I wanted it and that I had confirmed it, Elias went to work to find one. Nick, the Bell Captain extraordinaire, gave us tips on the best room to get. You want a corner room in the South Tower. We had a great view of both Midtown Manhattan (the Empire State Building was right in front of us) and the Statue of Liberty. The view was beautiful both day and night.The room was large and very quiet. Being on the corner, I expected street noises but there really were none. They had a great brunch on Mother's Day.It was very easy to get around town, both Brooklyn and Manhattan, from this location. We felt very safe here. A car to La Guardia cost about $30.I was afraid that the Marriott wouldn't live up to my expectations and we wouldn't get a view room but they did an excellent job for us. Every employee we met was cheerful and helpful. I heartily recommend this hotel. It really helped make our weekend in Brooklyn a great one.  
<Date>May 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>imakeunumb
<Content>Awakened by construction power drilling early Saturday morning We checked in Friday and enjoyed our entire day. The hotel staff was very courteous and the lobby was clean. Saturday morning, about 8:00 am, the roof of our room rumbled with the thunder of power drilling in the room above us. My entire family was disturbed, the noise was unrelenting. My wife asked if I booked a discount room in a construction zone to save money. I assured her i did not. The desk confirmed there was construction going on in the room above me. Why wasn't I told to expect this when i checked in? I most certainly would have asked for another room. Very, very inconsiderate and very much un-Marriott-like if you know what I mean? Our toilet leaked. The man came to fix it. He said it was fixed. It leaked again as soon as he left. We called again and was told they'll fix it tomorrow. So, if you're thinking of staying at the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge, you better bring your rubber boots and ear plugs but, they do take American Express!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>spdaly
<Content>Great family option for visiting NYC I booked the hotel with points and wasn't disappointed. They booked us in a room without a sofa bed, but quickly moved us into another room. The kids loved the space and my wife and I slept in one of the best hotel beds ever!The area is safe and a short walk from Montague Street which has great bars and restaurants.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>PatKBoston
<Content>Will not go back We chose this hotel because we are Marriott platinum elite and since our daughter moved to Brooklyn, thought we would try the most convenient Marriott. Unfortunately, we were extremely disappointed. After having stayed over 75 nights in Marriotts in 2006 and many nights in 2007, we considered the treatment we got at this hotel to be woefully lacking. We had booked a double bedded room since we had an adult daughter accompanying us but when we got there all they had available was a king bed room without much room to even put in a rollaway if we had to. We are supposed to get a welcome snack but that was nowhere to be found. They put us in the king room with a promise to move us ASAP but after not hearing back for quite awhile finally were able to locate an acceptable room.On our return from dinner and a show we expected to have our welcome snack and to make a long story short, we were eating cheese and crackers and drinking wine at 1am in the morning because that is how long it took them to get their act together.It is a clean hotel, very well situated and comfortable but we will probably go back to the residence inn in midtown, which was a fabulous experience or move on to the Waldorf or a boutique hotel. It is too bad because we have had such wonderful experiences at Marriotts and this hotel has it all going for it but the service. It is hard to believe how many places just don't get it - and this is one of them.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>puilam
<Content>Great spot in Brooklyn Heights We stayed here during a busy Easter weekend where the hotel was full of airline staff, tourists and business people. The hotel is within a short 5 min walk to the Brooklyn Bridge footpath. For fun we walked from the hotel and across the Bridge into Manhattan. On a mild day it is a great walk and only takes about 30 minutes. The subway is 5 minutes away, behind the Supreme Court building across the street. Best of all, we were a short walking distance from Montague street where the restaurants and shops are concentrated. The beautiful Brooklyn Promenade and Brooklyn's famous old brownstones are not too far away. A great place for a romantic stroll.We were on the 20th floor of the newly built South wing - not much to view except other office buildings. For a NYC hotel the price is right and the hotel extras (larger than average rooms, iPod docking station, comfy beds with fat duvets, large screen TV, mini fridge) it was well worth it. So far the rooms here are the nicest and cleanest in other Marriotts we have stayed (2 in Montreal, Orlando, Toronto).The famous Grimaldi's pizza under the Brookyn Bridge is a good 20-25 minute walk. Try Celeste's diner for breakfast just 2 blocks away - huge portions and good food, saw more locals than tourists.My only complaint is the route you have to take to get to the pool/fitness center from the South wing. They are situated in the original building so you have to go down to the connecting bridge and take another elevator up to the pool. I like a quick jaunt to a hotel pool, especially if I'm in my flip flops and wet bathing suit, and have a 3-year old in tow.Also, their pool hours were limiting for families with children.I highly recommend this hotel if you want to get away from the high prices of Manhattan.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>njohns7
<Content>What you would expect Just returned from a stay at the Marriott on Brooklyn Bridge. We werethere for a law school competition that took place at the nearby brooklyn law school. The hotel is very nice, and is what you would expect from a Marriot. Nothing unusal to report on. The hotel is in a slightly shady neighborhood, it gets a bit worse at night, but nothing to be concered about if you have your wits about you. The hotel is extremly close to several subway stops that take you straight to Manhattan. Can take the A,C, R, W lines all around Manhanttan and back to Brooklyn. We walked over the Brooklyn bridge to Manhattan which was great and highly recommend. Food is a bit of an issue in the Brooklyn neighborhood if your health conscience. Itsa lot of bar food pizza. Other than that, the room was clean and well kept, and service was friendly.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>setcarp
<Content>Great Brooklyn Hotel, needs better managment It is nearing the end of my 28 night stay at this hotel. Just 2 blocks from the foot of the Brooklyn Bridge and rooms much larger than hotels in Manhattan. Urban street mall around the corner to the left and great restraunts and shops across the street on Monatgue. 3 different subway stations in a very close walk.Internet is $13 a day, but that includes local and long distance calls, but no free wireless anywhere. Healt club is great, but closes at 7pm on weekends. They need a room with just a few pieces that is open 24/7.The managment does not seem to care about repeat visitors. They close the elevators to some floors without putting up signs (even after you ask them to), it takes about 25 rings to reach the operator, and the hammer drills start at about 7:30 am every morning. If you get a deal, this hotel is worth it, but if you are paying the $400 - $600 rack rate, then I feel sorry for you.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Raz_Khan
<Content>Nice hotel but fitness centre opens late on weekends I am starting to visit our NY office regularly and trying out different hotels. This place is fine. The rooms are a reasonable size. I had a large flat screen TV with movies on demand. The service is generally very good - restaurant staff and doormen were really good and helpful. I needed a cab at 4.45 am and the doorman was waiting for me in reception with my cab outside. Perfect.Location is excellent. There are 3 subway stops all very close which should get you to just about any part of Manhattan. One morning I got the F express (not deliberately) and was on 23rd St. in 15 minutes. Great commute!I have one complaint: I like to use the fitness centre early morning. During the week this was fine and it's open from 6am until 11.30pm. Unfortunately when I went on Saturday it only opened at 9am which was too late for me - I had to be out and about by then. The gym is run by a 3rd party and the hotel does not have a key. I suppose this is because the 3rd party monitors users and charges this back to the hotel. Surely they could find a better way of recording usage e.g. using your room key to get in, so it logs entries. The current system benefits the gym owners but not the hotel guests - given the level of service expected of Marriott I found this disappointing.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>clevergypsy
<Content>Nice modern hotel just stayed 2 nights at this hotel in downtown brooklyn. really easy, convenient location. room on 23rd floor provided great view. loved the modern stuff in room- including ipod stereo and flat screen tv. this hotel is located right at the fulton mall which has some urban shopping- but stores do close early. cab to broadway near prince st. was not even that expensive plus subway is right there at fulton. if you can get a good rate go for it.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>thej
<Content>Very good base for visiting Manhattan I arrived at check in for a 10 night stay. When asked if I preferred a King bed, two beds, etc., I asked for a reasonably nice view considering the lenght of my stay and Elizabeth happily accomadated me with a large room with a small refridgerator and a view out the front of the hotel which was pleasant. The room was great, clean, comfortable. The hotel was nice. The only time I ate at the hotel was room service once or twice and was pleasantly surprised that what I ordered was very tasty. We walked across the Brooklyn Bridge - very easy walk from the hotel for the fabulous views of Lower Manhattan, the Statue of Liberty, and the bridge itself. But we got Metro cards and used the Subway for visiting all the locations in Manhattan we wanted to visit. An economical and practical way to get around. My favorite thing about the hotel was Montague Street. Forget about Fulton Plaza which is just around the corner. Montague Street is a quiet little street with many small inviting little restaurants ( Andy's is great, also La Traviata and Teresa's - not expensive yet good!), little shops including Ann Taylor Loft and Banana Republic, Mac, as well as little local shops and pharmacy. There is a grocery store, but check out the Garden of Eden Farmers Market (the place with the fresh fruit out front). Fresh salads, a deli, sweets - all kinds of good food. Also, Montague Wines is a really nice little shop - and they will open your bottle for you if you don't happen to have a wine opener in your room. If you walk all the way to the end of Montague street, you find yourself in a nice residential area and the promenade - a walkway where you can take a really lovely stroll and enjoy the beautiful skyline of lower Manhattan.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Zuerich
<Content>Perfect for visiting Manhattan We were invited for thanksgiving by two of our friends living in Brooklyn-Hights. They recommended us this hotel and we were completely satisfyed. Of course, as foreigners, we would never have thought about to stay in a brooklyn hotel when visitng Manhattan but if you take in consideration everything, there is no better choice. The location might not be perfect at first sight, becuase it is not in Manhattan. But as there are Subway stations close to the hotel which lead you directly to all Manhattan destinations you will be there faster, as when staying in a downtown hotel. Also the rooms are more spacious as in a comparable hotel downtown and you will pay much less. The rooms were very clean and well maintained with all the amenities. The only point which was not satisfying was the at your service Telephoneline. We asked for a microwave and never got it. But on the other hand, front desk staff was very helpful and when I asked for a microwave there, we had it 5 minutes later. Also, we asked for a restaurant - booking via the at your service line but it was not accomplished, they simply fergot about it. But as we complained at the front desk, we were offered free breakfast, late check - out and several points on my marriott member account. Room service was very relayable and not too expensive. What I also liked about the room was the large, empty fridge. Used to the European Minibar where you cannot store your things and have to buy their stuff at exorbitant prices, it was a relief. The nearby area did not seem to be to nice at first sight. But head for Brooklyn heights (just behind the court building in front of the hotel) and you will be in a very friendly, nice and upscale residential area. At montague street you will find lots of small shops and very nice restaurants, even a well stocked grocery store for all your needs. Something you wont find that easy in manhattan. Also at the termination of that same montague street you will finde a terrace with the most spectacular view of manhattan. Take a stroll down the promenade and cross brooklyn bridge. It's unbelieveable but it only takes you some minutes to reach manhattan by walking and it's a wonderful experience to actually walk to there. Next time we visit new-york/manhattan we sure will return. The first time visitor might enjoy the feeling of staying in a downtown hotel near times square. But you won't find a hotel there, which is so convenient, comfortable and value for money as this one.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>bridgewalking
<Content>The best way to see New York City One of the best ways I found to see the New York City skyline is from the Brooklyn Bridge. The view of both the midtown and lower Manhattan skylines is magnificent from this vantage point. My favorite hotel chain is Marriott and they have one of their very best NYC properites located at 333 Adams St. This is just a short walk from the foot of the bridge! Now combine these two together and one can easily see why an individual like myself who travels to New York 15-20 times per year picks this top shelf property 9 out of every 10 times. Now some more things that make this property special. Very few hotels in the city have a complete work out center, hot tub and lap pool. This place has all 3! Very reasonable on-site parking and excellent acess to the subway! Blocks away from the new and very hip Montague and Smith Streets where one can enjoy limitless yummy dining choices :) Across the street is the MTA subway museum, think about it, how was the subway system built in an exisiting city? your going to have to go and find out....The hotel just completed a new 280 room addition with rooms that offer of view of the skyline and the bridge.The new Concierge lounge (2outdoor decks on the 23rd floor-really cool)and Archives Restraunt are fabulous! Now the best part of this hotel experience is the friendly staff that treat you like family! If you don't believe me go meet Don in the concierge lounge or several of the front desk ladies and you will see what i'm talking about. Make your RSVPs now and i will probably see you there.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>radicalseven
<Content>OK for conferences I stayed here with my daughter as i was attending a conference being held at the hotel. Overall it's an OK hotel, but i would not have stayed here if it was not for the conference. I didn't find the staff particularly helpful when i asked for suggestions for my daughter to occupy herself while i was in meetings and some of their suggestions turned out to be misleading.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	2	4	

<Author>bkgrl
<Content>Fantastic Service! We got married on Sat, 11/04/06, one day before the NYC Marathon. We started working with the Marriott early in the year to reserve a room block for our guests, in advance of the marathon driving room rates up. From the very beginning, the staff was exceptionally helpful. They helped us secure a great rate and all our guests reported having virtually flawless check-ins and check-outs and really enjoying the rooms - the hotel recently opened a new tower and the rooms are quite nice. Additionally, while we didn't have our reception at the hotel, we did organize a number of activities at the hotel. We arranged for guests to have drinks and light snacks in between the ceremony and the reception. Guests said that the hotel staff was waiting for them when they arrived and directed them to the reserved space in their bar/lounge area. Also, we had a gathering after the reception ended - again in the bar area. Once again, great service - we all had a ton of fun. And then, the Marriott helped us have a fun  fizzy end to our wedding weekend - working with us to organize a brunch that was delicious and again perfectly staffed.overall - a wonderful, wonderful experience with highly competent and friendly people and a very lovely space.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>yellow25
<Content>Fell in love Hello, My name is Courtney and I am from Mississippi and it was a first time for me to come visit the big apple. My comments on the Marriott are undescribable. Everyone at the hotel was extremely friendly and made it seem like they would have done anything for us that we asked or to even make us feel at home. They made sure our room was perfectly cleaned up and made sure we were happy. Also, the food and waitress' were very nice also. The Marriott contributed to the WONDERFUL time we had in New York and will they will definately have our service again very soon!!  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kschrier
<Content>Great experience       Comfortable bed  
<Date>Oct 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>heather223
<Content>Maids personally serve as alarm clocks We stayed at the Brooklyn Marriot the weekend of 10/21. We typically stay at Marriotts  are usually more than satisfied. There were no excuses for any of the mishaps we experienced this particular weekend. First, it took over a 1/2 hour to check in. It seems as if this hotel serves as a popular convention site. There were long lines of people trying to check in and the staff appeared to move at a snails pace. The rooms were nice  very spacious, especially for NY rooms. However, the towels were so frayed  worn that I would not even use them for rags. That Friday evening, we had plans outside of the immediate area. We went downstairs to grab a cab. No cabs in site  only one bellhop working. He was trying to hail cabs for the 10 people in front of us, along with trying to service guests  their luggage checking in/ out. It got to the point where people were actually in the middle of the busy road trying to hail cabs themselves. There is no execuse for only one bellhop working on a Friday night  for no taxis being readily available. The most upsetting thing of all was HAVING THE MAID KNOCK ON OUR DOOR AT 8:30 IN THE MORNING ON SUNDAY TO SEE IF WE WERE CHECKING OUT SOON. Then, to top it off she came back at 10:00 to see if we were leaving. There is NO execuse for that..period. This hotel is seriously lacking  I would not stay here for free.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	2	2	1	1	4	

<Author>waynelee
<Content>Manager Very Accommodating in Fixing Reservation Mixup When I arrived at the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge on Thursday Oct. 19, I found that my reservation had been incorrectly registered for April 19-21, 2007 rather than Oct. 19-21, 2006, at which point I was staring at, first, no room whatsoever, and then at a room charged at a rate sharply higher than that for which I had contracted over the phone. After the desk clerk put me in touch by phone with the Manager, May Elouri, she listened to my concern carefully and with an open mind, ultimately taking responsibility for having the hotel make good on my original reservation on the original terms. Ms. Elouri responded to my plight in a thoroughly professional and courteous manner, making possible what proved to be a wonderful stay at the Marriott Brooklyn Bridge. The Hotel itself was lovely: clean, spacious, well-appointed, and marked by first-class service. I would happily return.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Looking
<Content>Great service  We went to a Brooklyn wedding  the bride  groom selected Marriott for out-of-towners. What a treat! It was our first trip to the area  thanks to Marriott accomodations  service, we'll go back. The hotel provides easy access to public transportation  hotel employees are more than willing to help you get where you need to go. The concierge was over-the-top helpful  gracious  bellhops were attentive. There's a nice lounge, almost living room-like, outside the bar area, which is perfect for gathering. We had a delicious buffet-style breakfast in Archives (hotel restaurant). Our kids enjoyed the lap-style pool (check the pool hours though)  husband loved the gym equipment. The location is convenient ~ near to shopping  colleges (we're looking). You can eat  shop reasonably in Fulton Mall  surrounding area.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Ronnritt
<Content>Lots of Problems I attended a conference for 5 days and was very disappointed with the hotel, but happy with the staff, who were uniformly friendly and courteous. I would never have chosen this hotel if the conference were not being held here. Our safe was broken so they finally changed our room late at night. We were put into a brand new room in the tower, and the safe in that room was jammed! We spent hours (literally) with security coming in and out trying to fix it, without any luck. The next day they finally found an engineer who had the key to open it from the back. Then, when we were packing to leave, our code wouldn't open the safe! It took 2 hours to get security to finally figure out how to open it. There were no drink vending machines in our part of the hotel. When you check in, ask for a refrigerator since the rooms don't have them. Better yet, make the request when you make your reservation. The breakfast buffet was overpriced ...$25...and many items on it were all gone by 8:45AM. 20 minutes after I asked to have those things replenished, they were still empty. Find the Garden of Eden Market on Montague Street, just a couple of blocks from the hotel, and stock up on drinks, snacks and breakfast foods. They were our grocery, deli, etc. A great place to buy sandwiches to take with us on the train or plane. To their credit, the manager gave me a fair refund when I asked for it. But I had to find the right manager, not a low-level flunky who was only authorized to make a token offer.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>GrantParish
<Content>Sterile Convention Hotel I stayed at the Marriott New York at the Brooklyn Bridge in late July 2006 because I was attending a conference in the hotel. The hotel is fine for what it is - a standard issue commercial hotel catering to groups and conferences. My room was very large by New York standards with two queen beds, good sized desk and a small sitting area. The room was clean and quiet with very little outside noise. The beds were comfortable and in a nod to Marriot new focus on bedding, overloaded with pillows. Bathroom was also large but basic tile - no marble or upgrades here. The overall hotel dcor is undistinguished with an unrelenting 1980s-looking teal and peach color scheme.For a business hotel, I found the wireless internet access to be lacking. I was never able to get a connection in the lobby or meeting rooms despite assurances that wireless was available. One of the staff members who help set up for our conference told me that the hotel does not have wireless in the meeting rooms in order to force the conferences to pay separately for internet access for their meetings.I did not eat in the hotel restaurant during my stay but had food provided by the hotels banquet department for our conference. We were served box lunches with a turkey sandwich and chips three days in a row. My husband who was traveling with me had the Sunday brunch and thought it was pretty good with made-to-order omelets. For other meals we took the subway to Manhattan to eat. On the last day we had some extra time and asked the hotel concierge for information. He was enthusiastic and knowledgeable - our best staff interaction of the trip.Some of my traveling companions liked the fact that the hotel was very near the subway and only one stop from lower Manhattan. But I did not like the location and would not stay there again unless I had to for a conference. While the hotel faces an attractive broad boulevard with the NY Supreme Court buildings across the street, behind the hotel is a dingy retail area. When arriving at the hotel, I took a wrong turn coming out of the subway and wandered past several blocks with dirty convenience stores and trash strewn sidewalks.I found the hotel adequate and cheap ($179 for conference attendees in the middle of the summer) but unremarkable.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	3	2	

<Author>D.B.1976
<Content>A decent alternative to staying in Manhattan..if the price is right I assume this is one of the best hotels outside of Manhattan. Unless you could save some dollars, I don't know why you would stay in Brooklyn unless you had a specific reason. Why did I stay here? Simple - I was attending a multi-day conference at the hotel. The lobby, the meeting rooms and the guest rooms were nice - but nothing special. I thought about rating this hotel a 4 but I was a little disappointed with the maid service - varied from day to day. The first full day the housekeeper didn't arrive until around 9pm and I was working on something in my room so I just had her change out towels. The second day was great but the third was in the evening again. The layout of the hotel also results in quite a bit of walking from the elevator bank to most of the rooms. Room service was prompt and the food was slightly above average. I was a little disappointed the hotel did not have the YES network. Because of local restrictions, the Yankees-Rangers game was blacked out on ESPN but I couldn't get the game on another channel so I ended up taking the 2 train into Times Square to ESPNZone.The Fulton Street Mall nearby has a few decent places to grab a quick bite. I would imagine the hotel restaurant is probably one of the best in Brooklyn. On the plus side, the hotel provides easy access to the Borough Hall subway station. Once I got on the train, it was about a 20 minute ride to Times Square via the 2/3 line. 5-10 to Wall Street. 15 min to 14th Street and the West Village. I returned after 10pm on a couple of occasions and felt completely safe in case anyone is interested.The hotel is currently only in the first 7 floors of the building so there are no views of the Manhattan skyline. However, that could change with the hotel's 280 room expansion into the building next door, scheduled to be completed sometime this year. If you are interested in spending time in Manhattan but don't want to pay for staying there, this hotel is a relatively convenient alternative if the price is right.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	2	4	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive, but a good choice There are not many hotels available in Brooklyn, and the Marriot is not by any means inexpensive. However, my wife and I found this to be precisely what one should expect from a metropolitan hotel associated with a leading name in lodging; it was very nice. I have no complaints, and will definately stay at this hotel on my next trip to vist the kids in Brooklyn.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place to Stay       Lobby Ceiling  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bbgak
<Content>A Gem in Brooklyn I stayed here for two nights for business and was pleasantly surprized. Staff seemed aimed to help and please and the room was hands down the best room I've ever stayed in while in NYC. It was large, clean, and modern. It was also quiet from outside NY noise. I was offered internet access for a fee while there and took advantage of it, which was terrific, but it only worked in the rooms. There is a small store that had most necessities (water, medicines, sodas, etc.) that was helpful.Room service was okay - typical and nothing original. The hotel restaurant was slow for lunch, but good typical Marriott food. I appreciated the lounge in the lobby with comfortable chairs and couches for travelers to camp out and work and talk before departing. I utilized a hotel recommended car service - New Brooklyn Car Service for trips around town and into Manhattan. This worked very well and my driver was terrific. While it was about $5 more each way - it was worth it. I had tons of trouble trying to get back to the hotel from Manhattan with yellow cabs since it seems no one wants to drive to Brooklyn even if it is just over the bridge. Next time, I will have the car service pick me up at a predesignated time when I leave Manhattan. While I was attending a meeting at the Marriott, most of my day meals were taken during the meetings. They seemed to arrive late with the meals at every turn and you could see some sort of negotiation going on between wait staff, catering managers, etc. in the hall during every meal. Very un-Marriott like but a small issue.One strange thing did happen while awaiting hotel transportion - the lobby area near the car drop off had obsenity filled urban music blasting - not typical Marriott style and was a little out of place and distracting.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	2	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>fenwayman
<Content>Service with a snarl, and a cost I stayed at the Brooklyn Bridge Marriott at the request of a client who has a negotiated rate with the hotel. It felt like the staff had been given instructions to sqeeeze money out of guests. Every interaction with a staff member outside of the housekeeping staff resulted in a discussion over money.At check-in, they refused to honor the negotiated rate and increased my price $125 per night. They said that if I came back with an ID from the client, they'd return to the lower rate, but nothing I brought them would get them to lower the rate and my client is still fighting them on this. But of course, since I was on a negotiated lower rate, I was only allowed to have a room across from the ice machine, even thought I am an elite status holder with Marriott.Same thing at the restaurant. I had the cold buffet breakfast, but was charged for the hot buffet. Why? Because I had the lox. So I pointed out that lox are cold, and on the cold buffet table. They said yes, but it's not listed on the menu. I did manage to get them to reverse this charge.At checkout, there was an extra day of charge for the internet (I used it three of the four days I was there) and they insisted that I must have used it all four, because there was no reason I could have only used it for three. This charge I got removed because I told them I would be writing a report on tripadvisor.The hotel is huge, and my room was a good one minute walk within the hotel from the elevator (not a complaint: just an observation). It was clean and nicely laid out, and the sound insulation to keep street noise out was very good. The hotel has a full service gym in it. I see it as a plus that the gym sets time aside for adult lap swimming in the pool, so that you can actually use the pool for exercise.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Ian_Jersey
<Content>Pool policy sucks Stayed here as a large family group using multiple rooms. Hotel is good value and minutes from Manhattan via MTA or cab, (anti-bush demos permitting), in-house dining exceptional, given large family group every morning for breakfast with staggered times, resulting in up to 4 hours occupancy of restaurant. However small kids banned from pool at convenient times, only available mid-morning (when kids sightseeing) or late at night (when kids in bed). Kids complained in person to managenment but complaint not acknowledged. Apparently leisure facilities independent from hotel but this is not clear on hotel website. Would stay here again, given good value compared to east village/murray hill hotels which are quite grotty in comparison. Kids want silly pool rules changed.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Marriott at Brooklyn Bridge Awesome! Got an air/hotel package from bestfares(-)and Marriott upgraded us to a suite! Hughmongous, bed/bath/beyond toiletries, 2 tvs, couch, loveseat, desk, two queen beds. Beds had down comforters. The beds and pillows were sooooooo comfortable. Lobby staff were very good about hailing cabs for us. Shopping in Brooklyn was nothing but we were strategically close to Manhattan and were taking cabs. Had trouble hailing cabs in Brooklyn unless I was in front of the hotel. There are tons of buses tho. It was nice to see cars driving around--not just taxis. It is like 15 minutes away from LGA airport. Junior's cheesecakes and Grimaldi's pizza are both in Brooklyn. Both are very well recommended. We ate at Monty about 4 blocks away and were pleased with the pizza, cheesecake, soup, and ambience. The cheesecake was unbelieveably good. Authentic, not too dense, I think it had almond extract in it. The hotel had a lap pool, dry sauna and work out room. Their Starbucks was only open from 6:30-10:30 am. The soda pop in the vending machines was $2.75 so take your own 2 liter. Really the only down side other than the soda prices was that most pizza places won't deliver in brooklyn past 10 pm so keep that in mind. WOuld stay there again in a heartbeat but probably wouldn't be ordering room service due to the prices. Our room did not have a view of the Brooklyn bridge. Pool is on the 4th floor.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jLawrencem
<Content>Great weekend getaway My wife and I spent an extended weekend in Brooklyn, branching out by foot in every direction from the Marriott. We antiqued on Atlantic Ave; dined on Smith St and Montague St; an evening at BAM; and extraordinary strolls in Brooklyn Heights, DUMBO, the Promenade overlooking Manhattan and, of course the Brooklyn Bridge...ALL within several blocks. The hotel has very large, immaculate rooms with the most pleasant and attentive staff of any New York City hotel. Great lounge, swimming pool and gym, inexpensive parking... a wonderful experience.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A mixed bag I've stayed twice and had a fairly average experience both times. There's nothing special about this place except the price. Obviously if you dont mind the trip accross the bridge you'll get more here for the price than you will in Manhattan. The first time we asked for non-smoking and walked into a smoking room. They tried to argue the point with us until we pointed out that there was an ashtray on the coffeetable! They moved us to a larger room. The rooms are large and clean. The bathrrom is large and the tub was great for soaking in after a hard day on my feet. Easy walking distance to subway stations and Starbucks, Barnes and Noble etc.Staff are geberally friendly. Better suited for budget concious or business traveller or large family gathering.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JakeIreland
<Content>Not as good as we expected This was our first time in New York and as we are holders of a Marriott Reward card we chose this hotel. The reviews were very good and research on various websites seemed to confirm that the Marriott at Brooklyn Bridge is a classy hotel.This hotel is more of business class hotel in my opinion, clean, comfortable,efficient and uninspired.We stayed in a junior suite which was well appointed, with a large bathroom, very comfotable bed, leather recliner, sofa, writing desk - but no bathrobes, trouser press or shower gel!!!.We ate in Archives restaurant on one night only and found the food to be very nice but not what you would expect of a 5 star hotel - no wow factor, and no table cloths. Breakfast was quite good with plenty of choice but quite expensive. The hotel is located on a busy street close to Fulton Mall, plenty of shops here including Macy's, and also the Atlantic Mall with Old Navy, Target and Marshalls (Not exactly 5th Ave.) On the opposite side of the street is the supreme court and behind that is Montague Street which continues on down to the promenade with spectacular views of Manhattan.We dined in the River Cafe on Water Street with its magnificent views of the Manhattan skyline (spectacular at night). River Cafe is very expensive but across the road from it is an Italian restaurant call Joe's of Downtown which is much more reasonable.We ate there also and would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FriesGCA
<Content>An average hotel but the Brooklyn Bridge Looks Great at Night This hotel is located quite close to the Brooklyn Bridge which looks great at night. Subway stations are close by to make transportation into downtown quite easy. The hotel is next to some large construction next door. However, inside it seemed quiet where I stayed. Security is good at night - a guard stands by the elevator doors checking for guests only. The restaurant was good - try the sea bass or the salamon. Accmodations were average but a bit pricey.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location We attended a friend's wedding in Brooklyn and chose this hotel for it's location. It is centrally located for Brooklyn sight-seeing and there's lots of great restaurants nearby. The hotel lobby and our room were beautiful. Wished the pool was a bit larger. Hopefully, that'll be taken care of in the new building. The staff was exceptional, very knowledgeable and helpful. We had a wonderful stay but experienced sticker shock upon check-out. The hotel and location were worth it.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Sidonia2
<Content>A New Discovery We stayed at the Brooklyn Marriott for 3 weekday nights recently. Our daughter and her family have moved to Park Slope and we wanted to try out the closest hotel. We come to NYC several times a year and have always stayed in Manhattan in the past. We were very pleased with the service and security in the hotel. Everyone was very accomodating. When we checked into our good sized room (although it was located VERY far from the elevators!), the electronic room safe did not work. The first person who came, from security, could not fix it. He promised to send up an engineer immediately and by the time we returned from a short lunch, it was working perfectly.The Health Club was well equipped and clean.We had Elite service and were able to eat complete cold breakfasts in the Concierge lounge the 7th floor. My husband is on a salt free diet and there were lots of fruits and even one type of cereal which was great for him. We only got to the lounge once in the evening; it was also pleasant then. The staff was very accomodating and offered us bottled water to take to our rooms.The hotel restaurant and bar were nice but not terribly exciting for New York City. On the other hand, a waitress remembered our drink orders from one night to the next which is very unusual for NY!The room was comfortable and I did not notice anything wrong with the amenities for the average NYC hotel at this price.The parking was wonderful - at $18 it was less than half the price of many Manhattan hotels and the service was faster than several others I could name.This is a hotel which hosts many people from various NY communities and it has a very vibrant feel to it.The surrounding neighborhood is quite interesting. I recommend a short walk to the Brooklyn Heights Palisades; it is an amazing view.Many different subway lines are very conveniently located to the hotel.Our son is in the process of moving from Florida to Manhattan but we are planning to continue to stay at the Brooklyn Marriott for most of our future visits to NY.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChelseaGirl98
<Content>You don't save money by staying here I suppose this is typical of New York Hotels, but it seems that even the expensive places don't give you too many amenities. For room rates that exceed $200 a night, you should at least get good bed linens and two-ply toilet paper. The sheets at the Marriott were either a cotton/poly blend or a very low cotton thread count; they were not at all comfortable or soft. Same for the blanket. The toilet paper is that horrible, flimsy stuff you get in a Motel 6. Otherwise, it's nice, but for the same price you can get a room of the same quality in Manhattan, so why go to Brooklyn?  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanik
<Content>Great hotel; one major problem! I'm giving this hotel four stars because of its sheer quality. It's beautiful - just above the escalators is a painted skyline dome. The fresh flowers at the center were always completely amazing. Rooms were a great size.However, there was one huge thing - at this hotel, they place a hold on your credit/debit card immediately when you check in - this means that money is no longer available for withdrawal. This is to ensure they get what is due to them. However, they swiped my car twice - they put a double hold on my account, which was more than i had in my account....meaning, I had NO spending money the entire trip.It was an absolute nightmare - having to wire funds, trying to figure out what the exact problem was. When it was finally fixed on the last day of my trip (stayed four days), they did give us a $100 discount on our room. For the most part, the service because of this huge problem was decent. The tub also didn't drain properly, and they gave us another discount - $50. The management always stayed calm and polite during our multiple woes, including a cancelled flight - they found us the airline number and let us use their phone.This will prompt me to never use my debit card when going to a hotel that places holds....oy vey. Otherwise - had a great stay. Someone mentioned $12.95 internet access. If you use the TV/Internet option, it is only $10 a day, which is a steal. However, some web sites would freeze, and there is no mouse. You had to do everything by keyboard.Also the business center prices were decent - everything is about $6 per half hour, this includes unlimited printing, faxing....not bad. Be sure to fill out the survey, and you get 15 minutes of computer usage free. The gift shop was, of course, expensive...but had some super cute gifts.Try the Archives Restaurant for the breakfast buffet - it's $18 a person (includes a drink) and features great omelettes and belgian waffles.I really want to stay there again, despite the problems.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Conveniently located. The Marriott at the Brooklyn Bridge is conveniently located next to the 2, 3, 4, 5, A, C, and the F trains. Nice clean facility. I would have to say the only thing that I didn't like was the 12.95 daily fee for internet in the room.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Weekend in Brooklyn I wanted to thank you for affording my sisters and myself the opportunity to stay at the Marriott at the Brooklyn Bridge April 22-24. The hotel is absolutely amazing! I was impressed as soon as I stepped out of the car by the immediate and friendly service, which continued on into the rest of the hotel. The entry way and lobby are so beautiful with the cascading marble and high ceilings.Our guest room was nice and spacious, and best of all, the climate control was perfect! How often do you hear that??The hotel was always buzzing with business (weddings, land auctions, parties), but the staff always reached out to say hello-- especially the concierge staff. The parking attendants were very busy but extremely accommodating and efficient. We never waited more than 4 minutes for our car! We also had a nice time in your lounge for drinks after unpacking.I took a sneak peak at the many meeting and ball rooms at your hotel. Most were in use, but I was impressed with the scope and layout of the property. It would be perfect for so many association meetings and conventions. I hope they know that!I didn't realize that the hotel was within walking distance to such a charming area of Brooklyn. We simply crossed the street and enjoyed a day of shopping and dining on Montague Street. Our timing was also perfect to hit a great farmer's market on Saturday. On Sunday, we took a pleasant walk to the Promenade and spent most of the time craning our necks to look at the incredible architecture on the waterfront. What a great walkway to have so close to your hotel. I really enjoyed the view of NYC!For all the times I have been in downstate New York, I have not had the distinct pleasure to be in your part of Brooklyn. It is such a friendly and familial area. I really had such a great time that I will not hesitate to come back again as soon as I can.Please convey my thanks to your hotel staff for making this meeting planner's stay such a lovely and memorable one!  
<Date>May 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>oldboy 2
<Content>Great customer service Stayed two nights at the Marriott.At check out was asked if we had enjoyed our stay.Said it was a great Hotel, but at no fault to the Hotel, mentioned that the room next door had been a little noisy.The Hotel insisted that it will reduce ou bill by $100.Well done.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb staff Free room upgrade. Good hi-speed internet (for a nominal fee), jacuzzi, swimming pool and gym (all for free). Excellent location-- 5 mins from Brooklyn Bridge, 1 min from Subway (including express to Manhattan) and a pleasant stroll from Brooklyn Heights. Near to Junior's the legendary cheesecake but the hotel's restaurant is also pretty good and does a tasty breakfast. It wasn't that cheap ($220 per night) but the staff were really superb--certainly better than any attitude I've ever come across in Manhattan. Heartily recommended.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>IndyAngie0427
<Content>Viable Alternative to Midtown, If You've Time to Commute Although I travel extensively both for business and for pleasure and have certainly stayed in boutique and commercial hotels -- including other Marriott properties -- that I would easily rate higher, I give the Marriott New York at the Brooklyn Bridge an above average score for it comfortable and quiet rooms, array and availability of amenities, and general hospitality to the largely business traveler that comprises their clientele. Having never stayed anywhere other than Midtown during previous trips to the city, I was initially very put off by the location and surrounding mbiance?of MNY@BB, which I booked for March 7-10 after having reviewed countless positive comments on Trip Advisor. Sandwiched between the monolithic, uninspired architecture of a technical institute and the monolithic, uninspired (and dingy) architecture of the New York State Supreme Court, it obvious that youe not on Park Avenue anymore, Dorothy. Once inside the glass-fronted, multi-story lobby, however, I felt comforted by the lush greenery of tropical plants and the sunny sky-blue of the trompe leil ceiling high above me as I rode the escalator to the reception area. I reserved a standard room, but the check-in representative automatically upgraded us to a Junior Suite, owing to our status as Marriott Rewards members. The suite -- which included a small galley area with bar sink, coffee maker, and mini fridge in an alcove adjacent to the bathroom as well as a spacious sitting area with sofa, wingchair, and coffee table, and two queen sized beds ?was unheard-of-huge by standards across the East River. A good-sized desk with task lighting provided a great place to dock the laptop and catch up on paperwork.All of the furnishings appeared to be quite new and were comfortable, for the most part. Feather pillows are standard issue, although housekeeping did provide us (after multiple requests) some rather flat and lower quality foam pillows. A good selection of nice lighting ?including the desk light, two side table lamps, and a floor fixture ?allowed us to make the room as atmospheric as we wanted. We were impressed by the lack of any type of noise at night ?either from the hallway, adjoining rooms, or the street below ?which made it easy to get a full night sleep.Although we did not utilize it, the hotel had a great gym, fully equipped with a wide variety of cardio machines, weight machines, free weights, and a good-sized lap pool.The hotel on-site lounge and restaurant both appeared very cozy and served a nice variety of higher-priced food, we opted for the convenience and comfort of room service during our 3-night stay. Our orders were cheerfully taken and delivered in a timely mannerlthough an item or two was usually missing, causing the porter to have to return to the kitchen. Quality of food was very high, with large portions. Overall, a good value for the price. Although I prefer to stay on the island, MNY@BB does offer a great alternative for those whose schedules can accommodate a 15-20 minute subway ride (a station is conveniently located just around the corner from the hotel). The location might not be glamorous, but you won know the difference from the comfort of your guest room!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Rubau
<Content>PERFECT   showReview(2992928, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mgggggggg
<Content>Great holiday at Marriot Brooklyn   showReview(2975356, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for travel with kids   showReview(2697485, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 12, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice Hotel! Good Location! Love NYC!   showReview(2590721, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pchnmain
<Content>Good Experience   showReview(2516895, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 7, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good access to Manhatten   showReview(2320916, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, Good staff   showReview(1645398, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brooklyn Marriott - Nice Experience!   showReview(1554663, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CAStein
<Content>Well-situated   showReview(1511670, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	2	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>einnoC
<Content>Excellent Hotel and Location   showReview(1147871, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Beetlejuice59
<Content>Bello ma troppo caotico   showReview(21469852, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 2, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit prix   showReview(19641224, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo hoyel buona l'ubicazione   showReview(18536202, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>parfaitement satisfait   showReview(16594265, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sans problme   showReview(15570213, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Neu renoviertes 4-5 Sterne Hotel ( jetzt auch Star Alliance Partner)   showReview(15570212, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>twizzart
<Content>Nicht zu empfehlen,lesen sie warum.....   showReview(14229382, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 12, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gerne wieder!!!   showReview(13982082, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Trs bien plac dans brooklyn   showReview(13195857, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Haben uns sehr wohl gefhlt   showReview(13195856, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11661951, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>friedolin47
<Content>Gutes Hotel - gnstig gelegen um Ausflge und shoppen zu gehen   showReview(10048122, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 7, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	2	3	4	

<Author>viteonvapartir
<Content>Super Htel   showReview(7483438, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Super Hotel   showReview(11397145, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

