<Author>skycastles808
<Content>What a great hotel! This hotel was wonderful. The room looked exactly like the pics posted by the hotel's website and by other travelers. While the hotel didn't provide breakfast like some other places, it provided sherry and tea in the evenings. My two friends and I didn't take advantage of this though as we were always out site seeing. We did utilize the hotel's computer to check in for our flight home. The staff was great. We did an Alcatraz trip and were not going to make it back in time for check out. They allowed us to check out a couple hours later than normal when we called from the Rock to explain the situation. They also held our luggage for another couple hours after we had returned to check out. We used this time to do some last minute shopping at Union Square. The staff was very helpful throughout our stay.I'm not sure if it's because of the bad economy or not but we didn't see too many other guests at the hotel. We didn't even hear any neighboring guests. It was really nice.Oh, and the best amenity this hotel has is the plush beds. They are so great - very luxurious and make you really feel as though you are on vacation. I would definitely stay here again as it is close to everything and it was such a great experience for my friends and I. This trip was our first to the City and we loved it completely!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>zammy_sg
<Content>Fantastic place to stay Stayed in the hotel for 3 nights in mid November with wife and 9 yr old son. Stayed on the 10th floor with a view of Union Square and there was a telescope in the room to peek thru  see the on goings across the street.The room was comfortable and nicely decorated. The bed was comfortable and ambience very fantastic.The location was near to Union Square where you can shop or find food when you are hungry. It is also within short walking distance to the tram stations if you need to venture further away from Union Square. Walgreen is also around the corner if you need to get water or other neccessities. If like me you are not driving in San Francisco but will be renting a car once you are leaving SF, Hertz is within 5 mins walk to the hotel for you to collect your car.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lashmac
<Content>lovely place it took me so long to find a place that looked good enough. there is not that much in san fran unless your want to pay big bux. firstly the location of the hotel was the best you could get. just off powell st. and off union square. the entrance of the hotel was nice and grand. reception was large and nice but could do with a re-vamp in the interior design area. lovely fresh apples on the reception counter for anyone to take. great little touch. the room that we got was at the front of the building on the 9th floor. what a surprise i got when we went into our room. it was lovely, two double beds that looked unreal, lovely big headboards, lovely sheets and pillows. decor was so different to the main part of the hotel. alot nicer in the bed rooms. had a bedside locker with a fab lamp on it, telephone and radio. wall mounted flat screen tv. loads of walking space between beds and furniture, wardrobe was big with iron and ironing board in it. bathroom was perfect size, bath was a bit dated but i still managed to have a bath in it and it was lovely. i looked forward coming back to my room every evening! there was a bit of noise during the weekend with people out for a few drinks, it wasn't to bad, during the week noise form trucks and alot of police and fire engines zooming past every now and again but i didnt mind, it was all part of the experience.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>iluvsanfran
<Content>Fantastic location! I had stayed in this hotel bfore so I knew the bathrooms were spacious (compared to the sister hotel around the block) The room had been updated from when I stayed there 2 years ago, clean, nicely decorated rooms. The room didn't have central air so we had to open the window a bit for circulation which was fine except at night where we could hear a some of the street noise. My only complaint is that the shower amenities were not restocked and the front desk staff were not that knowledgeable about local (not touristy) places to dine. The location is terrific, 6 blocks from the Chinatown Gate and the Cable car stop is 1/2 block away for everything else not in walking distance  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>Dr.Mom67
<Content>All you actually need This small, older hotel is located in the downtown core of San Francisco, a block from a major chain hotel where I was attending a conference. It appears to have been renovated recently to good effect. The rooms of the hotel are on the upper floors of this 12 storey building, with the lower floors occupied by a theatre and a chapter of the Benevolent and Protective Order of the Elks. The upside of this is that there is a bit less street noise. Rooms are small, stylishly decorated and very clean. Check in was quick, and front desk staff were always very helpful and friendly. A concierge is available in the afternoon and evenings to help with reservations and tours.Rooms include: - very comfy bed with choice of pillows - very small bathroom, with lots of water pressure in shower - hairdryer - flat screen TV - free wireless internet (they forget to mention at check in that it's free so ask) - mine had a telescope for sightseeing (of the alley?) - walk-in closet with ironRooms do not include - safe (leave your valuables with the concierge or at home - functioning coffee maker (complementary coffee available each morning) - mini fridge or barThis hotel has no restaurant, pool or nightclub, but does have its own theatre. There is a cafe for breakfast on one side, and a trendy restaurant on the other. Union Square, the cable car route and major stores are 1 block away. With so much to do in San Francisco, it is nice not to waste money on hotel amenities that there is no time to use. Although I was so enthralled with the city that I spent very little time in my room, I found it a comfy, peaceful oasis to rest up for the adventures of the next day. If travelling without kids, I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Nika44
<Content>Excellent Location The Kensington Park Hotel was the first hotel on our California Honeymoon. Jetlagged and tired we arrived to a friendly welcome and an attempt to sell us an upgrade. As it was our honeymoon we took it, but in hindsight not sure it was worth the additional money. The top floor corner room was nice (although a bit noisy), with a comfy bed, a jacuzzi bathtub, BIG TV and a coffeemaker. As we only had a few days in San Francisco the location was ideal as it's so close to Union Square, the cable cars, other transport, good restaurants, etc  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	-1	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>billsage
<Content>We loved it Great location . The staff was very nice . extremely helpful. We would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mousierocks
<Content>It's a no-brainer! You have to stay here! I write this for no other reason than to help visitors to San Francisco choose a great place to stay. This site was invaluable to me whilst I was painstakingly researching hotels, tours, etc and it was the reviews here that convinced me I was booking the right place for my fussy mum, my 5-year old daughter and myself.We arrived at the hotel around 6 in the morning. The lone guy at the reception was very pleasant, said no rooms were available then and would give special instructions to the maid service when they arrived at 9am (or something) to do a rush job for us. We slept on the sofas and armchairs, and a little later, that guy told me that he had a good room for me - room 50, 9th floor, facing Nob Hill. When I inquired about the room a few hours later, a lady (who had taken over from the first nice guy) told me ,rather accusingly and curtly, that the room was still unavailable and that check-in was actually 3pm, implying that they were doing me a favour. Well, excuuuse me, I was just asking, was very polite, and didn't say or do anything to warrant that reaction from her. But she was a minor blip.Got to the room around 10am - tastefully done, taupe walls, dark brown furniture, high beds, huge pillows, unnecessary faux brown fur throws on beds, brown crystal chandelier, glass stemmed table lamps, large LCD wall telly, velvet-lined drawers!, roomy bathroom, glass! wastepaper basket, shower-in-bathtub combo, H2O brand toiletries, no fan (but it was chilly at night anyway), coffee-maker (good for warm drinks at night only since fresh coffee was available down the corridor every morning anyway), The San Francisco Chronicle every day. Small walk-in closet. Watch the doors, tho', they slam hard. Ice maker at noisy 'beverage room' next to room 51. Ice makers found at floors 9  12 only. Classy clean quiet view of a hotel - Fairmont? - it's beautiful at night with the uplit flag fluttering in the wind. Didn't hear any refuse trucks in the morning. Could occasionally hear the dingdingding of the cable cars even tho' I was away from the main street - imagine the din if you stayed facing Post Street. Location is fantastic - cable car stops right at the corner where the Disney shop used to be. Shopping is everywhere! The BART, cable car turnaround, MUNI stops are all very near - it might seem a bit farther because you just can't walk there in a straight line - the sidewalks are packed with people. Don't stay at the Fisherman's Wharf area - I found it dirty, repetitive, same shops, same stuff and Ghiradelli Square/ The Cannery etc so-called shopping hubs were ghost-towns. What happened to them? Instead, stay at the Union Square area, enjoy being the tourist, buy the 3-day MUNI pass and ride the cable cars to death. They are fun, pass through great places with great views and climb the hills you don't wanna climb.The staff are commendable and I'm not just saying that because I'm comparing them to the lackadaisical gloomy staff at the Waikiki Resort Hotel in Oahu I endured a few days earlier. Ask them anything and they really jump to it. I asked for a small refrigerator and by the time I took the lift up to my room, closed my door and put the door card on the dresser, one of the staff was already at my door with the mini-fridge. In all of 2 minutes!The hotel represents Grayline Tours and the concierge will happily help you with bookings. I asked the night concierge, a sweetie called Christian, which side of the tour bus I should sit while on the 17-mile drive/Monterey/Carmel tour. He was unsure and immediately began calling Grayline. When I spoke with him a few hours later, he was hunched over his laptop trying to get an answer. He later left a message with my mum - sit on the right side. He was right. I got all the best views and video shots, something you couldn't do on the drive back because the driver took the inland highways, not the coastal roads. Thank you, Christian. The day concierge, Robert, whilst looking kinda gruff, took pains to make us feel at home by telling us about other hotel guests from where I'm from. I booked the airport shuttle with him and later changed a few details about the timing etc . Earlier on, I also made a few changes to the tour bookings with Grayline which Christian had helped me with. Both Christian and Robert immediately reached for the phone to rectify everything - no hesitation, no-err-ehmm-why-don't-you-stick-with-the-original-plan-it's-so-troublesome-for-me-to-rearrange-everything vibe. The pretend-concierge at the Hawaii hotel actually told me to use the public phone when I asked for help to re-confirm tours. Sheesh!I loved staying at Kensington and miss it already. Nice to have your every whim catered to. A few parting tips - if you're not patronising the Farallon Restaurant at the ground level but love looking at its surreal jellyfish ceiling lights, you can stop at the 4th floor - there are a couple of jellyfish on the ceiling there. I'm sure the security cameras watching me video the lights thought I was insane but the lights are soo unusual. And don't book Grayline's day city tour - it was HUGELY disappointing. I was expecting a tour guide, you know, a human being. We got a headphone-pre-recorded-narration-kind-of-tour with hordes of other tourists on a double-decker bus. I was shell-shocked and felt cheated. (When I was researching tours a few months ago, I found a lot of positive buzz about this San Fran Shuttle tours, how it made a point of letting guests get off at as many points of interest as possible. I thought all city tours did that and didn't think much of it. Plus, they were more expensive than Grayline. Big mistake. We didn't even SEE the Painted Ladies or the Palace of Fine Arts, much less get OFF the bus at these places. We got off at only 3 places - the Mission Dolores (only for 25minutes - which left no-one time to take the $5 guided tour ANYWAY, and lots of passengers didn't even get off), Twin Peaks and some vista point for the Golden Gate Bridge (come on, the driver HAD to stop at the bridge; he would have been attacked otherwise.) Hope the above helps! Cheers!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>SaraFeld
<Content>Great time and great location! This boutique hotel was more spacious than your average San Francisco one. It is right at Post and Powell so you are directly off Union Square! The rooms were clean and the staff were both friendly and helpful. The business centre is open 24/7 with free internet access and printers. I would highly recommend this hotel and hope to return myself!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>FlamelilyForever
<Content>Perfect location Stayed here for a week with my teenage daughter and everything was perfect. Took BART from the airport and the hotel is a few blocks walk from the station, Cable cars stop nearby as do buses. Great shopping abounds and plenty of restaurants.Room was decorated with an eclectic mix of old and new, loved the fur throws on the comfortable beds. Staff extremely friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Elainedavies
<Content>Fantastic location  We booked the hotel after reading reviews on trip advisor.What a fantastic hotel. The staff were excellent, a wealth of knowledge and always willing to give advice.The rooms, although a little on the small side for a family of four, were very comfortable (the beds were sooooo soft, with lovely crisp white bedding) and the complimentary coffee, sherry and newspapers were all added extras.We were pleased to find complimentary internet access and games in a room, which pleased the teenagers and coffee and orange were served each morning.Location could not have been easier. Right on Union square and a short walk from all main rail and bus networks.We had a fabulous time in San Fran and would return to the same hotel if we ever came back.Definately worth booking.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JillTony12
<Content>Final leg of honeymoon - lovely! We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel for the last 4 nights of our honeymoon last month. This hotel is in the middle of everything!!! What a fabulous location!! The lobby is grand and vintage-looking, the rooms modern and chic in comparison.Upon arrivial, they tried to upgrade us...for more money... They actually took us on a tour (when my husband was tempted) and the difference was negligable, so we stuck with our room.The staff were friendly and helpful with restaurant recommendations and directions and transit tips.The room was clean and newly decorated and spacious for a boutique hotel.We had a small problem with the valet parking at the end of the stay - but it is a separte operation and they fixed the problem without too much of an ordeal.Overall a really good quality stay and an excellent location!  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>NewEnglandCoast
<Content>refined era/wonderful stay We have never before written a review, but this trip was worthy of several:Most recently we had the opportunity to visit San Francisco for our first time. The Kensington Park Hotel was a great selection. The staff, from desk clerks,cleaning employees, maintenance, and manager are dedicated individuals who are committed toward representing hotel hospitality with excellence.Our stay, was above and beyond our expectations. We arranged our reservations by speaking with a Personality Hotel rep. (800 #) who was extremely pleasant, helpful, and professional. The rep. asked whether the trip was business or pleasure (It was both.) We merely mentioned a personal celebration in passing. Unbeknownst to us, it was conveyed to the Kensington Park personnel and our reservation was a memory that we will never forget. We had hoped for a window/view, but to our surprise, our accommodations went well beyond our expectations.We would recommed the Kensington Park without hesitation. Dining Favorites: Firenze, (North Beach)great food, atmosphere and attentive staff Cafe Greco: (North Beach) Wonderful lunch Panini, pleasant staff Ferry Building Shop  Dining  Saturday Market Tour: Wine Country Shuttle Tour ($95) memorable experience our favorite: V. Sattuti Vineyard Wine Tasting, lunch and packaging of wine for shipping!  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SSR
<Content>Great Find! We spent two nights in San Francisco to celebrate a birthday and an anniversary before we spent a night at the East Brother Light Station off Point Richmond (that is another great little story).The staff were friendly, professional and extremely helpful.We booked a Royal Court room with luxury linens, flat screen TV and amenities such as robes, slippers, deluxe toiletries, etc., and it was everything I expected. Our room (#75) was on the 11th floor with a Nob Hill View and once the workday was over the city was amazingly quiet at night! We knew there was no airconditioning, but the ceiling fan and the open window kept our room comfortable. Staff even offered to put an additional fan in our room if we so desired, but we declined because it was not at all necessary.We purposely wanted to stay close to the BART station and local buses because we flew in and wanted to get around exclusively on local transportation and our own two feet. This hotel is located just off Union Square and close to everything. We would highly recommend this hotel and would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cablecar8
<Content>Simply the BEST I have been going to San Francisco every year for the past 25 years. I ran across Kensington Place on the Internet and thought I would try it. I have stayed in plenty of premium hotels, but I would rate the Kensington Place as good as the best and a lot better pricing and nicer staff. I don't think that you can beat it. I have found my new place to stay from now on.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>KBSilverSpring
<Content>Comfort, Quality, and Charm - our favorite place in SF We stayed at the Kensington Park on two different occasions, two weeks apart. We found the rooms generously sized with actual walk in closets. The beds are very comfortable with nice comforters. We appreaciated the two chairs and the wealth of restaurant literature in the room. Our first room was 51, on the 9th floor. It had a great view of Nob Hill, a very nice bathroom with a shower instead of a tub. The complimentary morning coffee service was directly across from our door, incredibly convenient, and not at all noisy. We had a complimentary newspaper in the morning, and a complimentary afternoon tea and sherry in the Lobby. The staff were quite pleasant and very helpful. After a less than satisfactory stay the next weekend at another close by major hotel, we switched back to the smaller, more intimate Kensington Park for our final night in San Francisco. Our room was lower, with no view, but the closet and bath were still large and the room spacious. It was the same level of comfort and security that we had experienced two weeks before. It was relief to return to the Kensington Park.The Lobby is gorgeous, and there is a theatre and function rooms in the KP along with an Elks Lodge. The KP's location is close to buses, cable cars, and subway. Terrific restaurants, that always had a table available, are close by along with jazz and night clubs. Chinatown is a close walk, and you are in shopping central, Union Square is just 1/2 block away. There is a Hertz rental location around the corner.The KP is vintage, so you get a few quirks, but nothing that interferes with your comfort. You don't get that stuffy feeling of the old 5 star hotels that have had the vintage stripped out of them. The KP has been updated to modern sensibilities without losing its original charm. The rooms and baths are superior to that un-named hotel, with the fancy dressed doorman, around the corner. The staff and service at the KP are so much better as well.We would highly recommend the Kensington Park as a lovely place to stay while you're in San Francisco. Be sure to ask for a rear room with a view. When we return to San Francisco, we'll be staying at the Kensington Park, and asking for Room 51 again. I cannot praise Kensington Park enough - its a well run, well designed place that will make you feel at home.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>cedavis
<Content>Very nice stay The location is great, the front desk staff were more than helpful, and the room was comfortable. Some reviews had suggested that the room was too small but it I didn't think it was uncomfortably small. There was no counter space in the bathroom but that really wasn't a problem either. The water pressure in the shower was amazing. The beds were very comfortable. One concern that I did have prior to our stay was the fact that this hotel is not air conditioned. The only way I discovered that they did not have A/C was through an AAA travel guide I got a week before our trip. Being from the south I was very worried about this. Initially I did find it slightly stuffy but the ceiling fans in the room and opening up the windows helped. Even though the outside temperature was in the 80s throughout our stay, the lack of A/C didn't really seem to be a problem. It was a bit noisy with the windows open though. All in all, I would suggest this hotel because of the good prices, comfortable rooms, great staff, and location.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dothedew
<Content>Romantic Hotel This hotel was nothing special, but it was romantic. The ceiling fan had a low profile light which gave a nice glow over the bed. The bathroom had the same feature allowing for a relaxing bath. There was more noise then I would have hoped for, but it wasn't unbearable. The location was great, only a block away from the cable cars.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>HeatherFLondon
<Content>Good value in a great location My partner and I stayed here with 2 friends for 4 nights. The rooms were well appointed and the bed was very comfortable. We arrived early on Saturday evening having had a long drive over from Yosemite. The welcome we received was great and they even brought a complimentary bottle of great red wine to each of our rooms. The Hotel is old , so there are a few creaks and groans from the plumbing but nothing major. Our room had a coffee making machine which made great coffee and there was also free coffee upstairs if you wanted it. The bathroom was well appointed and everything worked fine.The location is really convenient for getting around on the public transport and we felt safe most of the time although some of the streets around Union Square are plagued by beggars and vagrants. We just ignored them and they didn't cause us any problems.We were never around for the afternoon tea/sherry mixer - maybe next time! All-in-all, the KPH is great value for a hotel in this part of town and I would certainly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Animaldrummer04
<Content>Absolutely amazing       Lobby  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>foodiefromupnorth
<Content>Needs a bit of tweaking My boyfriend and I stayed at this hotel for 6 nights, so I think I have a pretty good idea of whether it's a good hotel or not. I will break it down into pros and cons, since there are quite a few of each:Pros: great location for catching buses, streetcars and cable cars; great location for late night dining; the beds were super comfortable; they had the room ready for us when we checked in at 9 a.m.Cons: the woman on the phone told me there was no way that they would have the room ready that early and was quite rude. Housekeeping would call us to ask if we wanted our room cleaned, even if we had a do not disturb sign on the door - what if we were taking a nap? It was because housekeeping leaves at 4 everyday so you can't get anything after that time. There was a pink stain on my comforter when we got there. We used the same sheets for 4 nights, then I left the please wash these sheets sign on the bed so they would change the sheets (clean them). The pink stain was still there when we got home and our sheets had been cleaned, which means they don't change the sheets when you are there or in between guests. This, to me, was a very, very big CON. Gross! The room was really noisy because the hotel is old, so you could hear other guests taking showers, etc. They claim they will have tea and coffee in the morning, but they never had hot water for tea. There is no minibar so you can never take food back to your hotel to put in a fridge. Our toilet didn't flush right (it kept flushing for about 20 minutes). All in all, if this hotel was $70 a night, I would be raving, but for over $200, it's absolutely insane. We even had a Royal Court room, which is more expensive, because they give you one-dollar slippers and a busted up coffee machine. I heard the Donatello was really nice and it's just down the street....  
<Date>May 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>stevenr35
<Content>NIce hotel in greal location. Booked the hotel on the basis of the TripAdvisor reviews. As I had left the booking until the last minute, I was lucky to get the room. On check-in there were some guests who decided that they didn't want to stay in the hotel any longer because a friend had told them that the are was too dangerous. The hotel is right off Union Sq which I thought was a great location: central and near the public transport system and certainly not dangerous (although it's a busy part of town).Hotel room was fine. Free wi-fi, no mini-bar, no restaurant so no breakfast either. Free coffee every morning and there were some evening mixers (but I wasn't able to attend). Nice big TV in my room too. Terrible views from my window though. It was a completely serviceable hotel and I have no real complaints except not having any food facilities there. I was in San Francisco for business and it seemed more of a tourist hotel. On holiday, the lack of restaurant facilities etc isn't a problem but when you're travelling for work, busy and jet-lagged, sometimes you need convenience.Anyway, overall, favourable hotel. Clean and relatively cheap. The staff were incredibly helpful and polite too. For a vacation the location was hard to beat.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>oroboru
<Content>Great location, though the area may be too busy for some. My girlfriend and I decided to go to San Francisco, and after some investigation into the matter, we settled upon the Kensington Park. We tend to stay at hotels that are fairly priced for their location, such as Bill's in Vegas. I'm not a fan of super splurging on hotels, but then again, I'm not going to save a few bucks if it puts us in a rather unpleasant area. After our stay, I have to say it is 99.9% positive with only a few minor issues.Located just off the main intersection of Powell and Post, Kensington Park is in a great location. If you're a fan of The Cheesecake Factory, as my girlfriend is, you will absolutely adore this area of town, as the restaurant is on top of a Macy's building no more than 5 minutes walk away. There are many other restaurants within that area, and there is little doubt that if you do not find anything within the immediate area, you can find something just a few blocks away. The hotel is also a few minutes walk from many posh boutiques, Chinatown, the Financial District, as well as the famous Cable Cars. Public transit is also very accessible from this location, with Geary and Market St within walking distance as well, and was a very good base of operations for the time we spent in San Francisco, as we were mainly focusing on the Northern areas of the city (Bay/Golden Gate Bridge, Golden Gate Park, Ocean Beach, Chinatown, Japantown, Legion of Honor, Fisherman's Wharf, and Alcatraz).Getting to the hotel was a breeze. We simply (well, simply after finding the station) hopped on the BART, got off at Powell, and headed North to Post St. Due to the popularity of the area however, actually navigating Powell and making it up the hill with luggage in tow can be a bit of a challenge. I can't even begin to imagine the difficulties one would encounter should they have children along with them as well. It should also be noted that there are several homeless people along this route. However, they do not do anything that would cause a nuisance or disturb the peace.Once we arrived at the hotel, we were greeted by a very luxurious, old school classy, dark coloured lobby, completed with a piano, and several comfortable couches. Once check in was completed, we went to our room which was furnished with your typical hotel items, minus a fridge and cooking implements. Most important of all, the room was clean, which is something that is of importance to most people. In terms of the bed, it's difficult to quantify the level of comfort, as this is a person to person thing. I will say that the bed is a bit on the soft side, which may or may not be to your liking.Naturally, being in such a great city, we didn't spend much time in the hotel room, other than to sleep at night. Each time we came back, the rooms were tidied professionally, with any minor messes we made taken care of. The front desk staff were equally friendly and approachable, and were accommodating to the strange requests that I made of them. One final item of note is that light sleepers may want a room away from Post St, or perhaps consider a hotel not in this area at all. As luck would have it, Post is a one-way street, and just up the street is a San Francisco Fire Department depot, and because of our room, we could hear/see the trucks whiz by every single night. Despite being 7 floors up, there is still quite a lot of noise. Similarly, I'm guessing there is a Police Department or something in the area, as we heard those noises every night as well.All this boils down to the bottom line: would I stay here again?If the rating didn't quite spell it out for you, the answer is yes, assuming I'm doing stuff in this part of town, and I don't want to rent a car. Given the prices of all the other hotels in this area, Kensington Park offers one of the best combinations of location and price around.  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bubs75
<Content>Fantastic hotel for a great price I did a lot of research prior to booking this hotel and read all of the reviews here. I narrowed it down to this hotel and am sure glad that I did! We had a wonderful time at this hotel. The staff were super friendly and helpful. Our room was a fair size and had an updated look. The bed was very comfortable and we liked the fact they had a flat screen tv installed. The bathroom was a bit small but for the price we paid, we didn't mind. The room was very clean. Kensington Park hotel was located perfectly in Union Square close to everything. We walked to all the shops and went to San Francisco's best nightclub, Ruby Sky, which was right around the corner--very convenient as we could just walk back to the hotel and not have to pay for a cab. The Powell Street cable car stop is right near the hotel also. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone as it made our first trip to San Francisco a very positive one!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ellenboston
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel for 5 nights in early April. We booked it through Priceline so we weren't quite sure what I was getting before hand. The hotel was in a great location - right in the middle of Union Square. It was convenient to everything we wanted to do in San Francisco. It is an old hotel that has been remodeled in recent years. The lobby is still very old fashioned. There is a theater on the second floor what had a comedy show while we were there. The Elks also has a lodge and gym in the building. All of this was a little strange but not bad in any way - just very different. The room was clean  comfortable with a queen size bed and flat screen TV. It wasn't a huge room but didn't feel too small either. There was a lot of street noise. The staff was nice enough. They serve sherry and tea in the lobby every afternoon.All in all, we had a nice stay. Because we booked through Priceline we got a very good rate ($160/night). I would recommend for the location and the price.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	3	4	

<Author>retired-luvnit
<Content>Great location The Kensington Park far exceeded my expectations for a 2 1/2 or 3 star hotel. The staff was helpful, the room was clean, the linens were upscale, and the bed was comfortable enough, though a tad firm.The location was excellent - directly across the street from the Marriott and a short walk to Union Sq, shopping, restaurants, and theaters. A Walgreen's is just around the corner. Its location is also very convenient to access tourist sites via public transportation. A $15 (one-way) shuttle ride pp gets you to or from the airport, i.e., no need for a rental car.The location felt very safe because so many people, business, shoppers, and tourists, were out on the streets, even at night. Public transportation felt safe, too, because everyone uses it.We did see some street people, but they didn't try to intimidate or hassle us. We didn't feel threatened at all.Two mid-age sisters shared a double room for three days. It was adequate in size, considering we used it primarily for sleeping. The closet was large and there were plenty of other places to store our things. The bath was large for one, and two could share it without much problem. The main room had two other mirrors as alternatives for doing hair and makeup. A few nice, unexpected features were a refrig, a magnifying makeup mirror, flat screen tv on the wall, and a lamp with a plug in its base. We were told there is a/c; if there is, couldn't find it. However, we didn't need it in early April. We opened the window to cool the room in the early evenings; closed it for sleeping and ran the ceiling fan. Would definitely recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>CluelessQueries
<Content>Great Birthday Celebration My husband and I share the same birthday. Same day, same year, but I am six hours older ( he likes older women). We'd stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel before - the Post Street Theatre has an entrance from the hotel and we went to see The Putnam County Spelling Bee and other plays and stayed overnight. We knew we would have a wonderful stay that's why we picked it. But we told the staff it was our birthday and they added some nice little birthday perks. The hotel has been updated and the beds and bedding are high thread count and great for sleep comfort. The hotel is also very quiet, something we like. We especially enjoyed the tea and sherry time in the lobby after a tough afternoon of shopping on Union Square. It was just a few doors down to enjoy our birthday dinner at Morton's Steak House and then an after-dinner glass of Port and mellow jazz around the corner at Harry Denton's Starlight Room. We walked to it all. Wow! What a memorable birthday.[--]  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bikergirl54
<Content>Great hotel at Kensington Park We just got back from a trip to San Francisco, CA. where we went with our kids, who are 24 and married, and 2 - 21 yr. olds, who were on spring break. We had just been to San Jose for a wedding, where we stayed in a Marriott, so Kensington was quite a bit different, but we loved it. The staff were extra nice,  the beds were unbelievably comfortable and it was super quiet, except for the sounds of the city outside. We never were there for the complimentary cocktails in the afternoons in the lobby, but my husband  I went for a drink one night at Farallons, and was that ever spectacular, from the decor to what they served, which was a seafood bar,  jellyfish lighting. We would highly recommend this hotel, and already have, to a friend!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>LLHarris
<Content>This is my new San Francisco base This hotel's location can't be beat, one block away from Union Square, with an extremely reasonable price for such a big city. I stayed in a recently remodelled room. It was clean, elegant and serene. Imagine! A faux fur throw on the lovely white bed! I want to buy the pillows. Best night's sleep I've had in years. My only complaint was that the room was a bit dim. Needs better light for reading. Polite and friendly staff, the concierge was great, and the hotel called me after my stay to see if there was anything they could do to have improved my stay with them.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Karen92116
<Content>Perfect Stay We stayed here for the long President's Day weekend and couldn't have been more pleased. Newly renovated room on 6th floor was surprisingly quiet. Great price w/AAA discount. Centrally located @ Union Square. Friendly front desk  concierge. Small bathroom w/no fancy amenities--but very clean  expected in older boutique hotel. Comfortable beds  pillows. Flat screen TV. Didn't feel cramped even in room with 2 double beds. Will definitely return.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>vancouversurfergirl
<Content>Good location Nice and close to all shopping at Union Square..... that was the big plus. Everything else was average.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>MarcoPoloCalgary
<Content>Just okay I booked this hotel based on other Tripadvisor reviews, and stayed there for three nights in February. The location is great, the price is reasonable, and the staff are friendly. I like the idea of a boutique hotel. But there are problems. I was told I was being upgraded to a recently renovated room with a king size bed on the 11th floor. The bed was not king-size, and not particularly comfortable. Furniture was not new. It is important for me to stay in a smoke-free hotel. Although that is certainly the hotel policy, they seem incapable of enforcing it in the corridors, and the smoke comes through the door. So does sound from other guests returning to their rooms at 2am. And you can hear every time a door on the floor is closed. The heating system was a noisy radiator that banged a lot when it was turned on; the last night it did not work. So next time I visit San Francisco, I will try somewhere else.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2008
<Rating>2	4	3	4	3	4	-1	4	

<Author>handrew396
<Content>tired and worn We stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel 19/01/08 for 4 nights. Although the hotel is in a reasonable area ie The Financial District we found the hotel to be very tired and worn even though we were given what they described as a refurbished room. The carpet in our room which was situated on the 12th floor was dirty and the heating system looked and worked like something from the ark and did not warm the room in the slightest. The windows were extremely draughty and housekeeping were very noisy early in the morning talking loudly outside our room even though we were displaying a do not disturb sign on our door. We paid $130 per night however we would not use this hotel again. A tour of Alcatraz was the highlight of our stay and is a must if you visit San Fransisco. Book direct with Alcatraz Tours at pier 33 near Fishermans Wharf you will save a lot rather than booking it with a tour company.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	4	2	3	

<Author>Dan-Guthrie
<Content>Great value for money hotel in San Francisco We stayed here for 3 nights and really enjoyed it. The rooms are an acceptable size but have comfortable beds, plasma screen TVs and a bath tub. We would definitely stay again but would perhaps request a room away from the front of the hotel as it can get a bit noisy. One thing to bear in mind is that it isn't air conditioned (our room wasn't anyway) but they do have ceiling fans. The reception staff were incredibly friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>CharlieCalifornia
<Content>Love, Love, Love The Kensington Park My husband and I stayed at the Kensington for our Aniversary. From the Antiques to the linens, it was more than comfortable. We had a great time. Everything is close by. We went to a well known Comdeian Show and then had dinner outside under the heaters in North Beach. I'm not sure which was better, the comedian or the people watching in the streets of San Francisco.Entertainment everywhere!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>unas
<Content>lovely room I recently stayed at the Kensington Hotel with my granddaughter and found it to be a lovely experience. We recieved an upgrade to the 7th floor and were extremely pleasantly surprised. Our reservation was last minute and I was not expecting much to be honest. The room was spacious and clean, the linens were new, and the bed was extremely comfortable. The bathroom was recently upgraded with a large walk in shower. We had a nice view of the surrounding downtown area and the central location was unsurpassed for convenience. Overall there was an atmosphere of quiet understated elegance at an extremely affordable price.The support staff( houseman and cleaning) were extremely friendly and accomodating. I felt that the front desk staff and concierge were a bit cold and formal but given the ambieance perhaps it was the atmosphere the hotel is interested in portraying.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	2	5	3	

<Author>Reefwatcher
<Content>Great Location, Good Value Kensington Park is ideally situated on Post Street, a half block from Powell Street and a cable car line. The hotel rooms occupy the upper floors of the building, with a theater and an Elks Lodge below. My room was clean, the bed was comfortable, and I had a lovely view of Nob Hill. The bathroom isn't large (not much countertop space), but it was immaculate, and the walk-in shower (no tub) was great.If you're looking at the hotel's website, just know that the rooms are not as large as they appear. That said, my room was more than adequate. The wall-mounted flat screen TV was a nice touch. The bed linens and pillows were excellent.The lobby is small and a bit tired looking, but since I wasn't hanging out there, who cares? The pricing was extremely reasonable for San Francisco's Union Square area, and booking through the hotel's website, I got 15% off for staying 3 nights (or more).The business center is nothing more than a fifth floor room with one desktop computer and a high-speed connection, and you have to visit the front desk to receive a key, so it's not especially convenient. One of the two times I wanted to use it, it was occupied. As all I wanted to do was go online to check in for my departing flight, the front desk staff graciously allowed me to do so at one of their computers. For those who travel with a computer, the hotel also provides wireless.The biggest strength of this hotel is the staff -- they were great. Very gracious, friendly, and accommodating, and extremely knowledgeable about the city.I rode BART from the San Francisco airport. For $5.15, the thirty minute ride to the Powell Street station puts you within a short walk of the hotel (or anything else in the Union Square neighborhood, for that matter). The Kensington Park isn't a Fairmont or Four Seasons, but it isn't priced like they are, either. For a clean, friendly, and safe accommodation in this neighborhood, it's a bargain, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>sandinshoes
<Content>Never a Hyatt again Four of us (2 rooms) just returned from a 5 night stay at the Kensington. We thought that the rooms were large enough - certainly compared with city rooms elsewhere. The building is old but we found it to be very charming. The big PLUS was the staff - from Romy, who checked us in, Bob the concierge and Rosa who serviced our room -- everyone was delightful. Coffee was available at 7 each morning right on our floor (as well as in-room coffee makers) and Tea and Sherry was served every afternoon in the lobby. It was great coming in after a tiring day and being able to sit and chat with other guests and compare notes. And, the location is great! The Big Boxes might have more amenities, but I have never had better service than at the Kensington.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Euro-lust
<Content>Union Square Jewel We loved this hotel's ammenities, location and price. Stayed 3 nights, never needed to drive the car. They park it, offer lots of information without impatience. Steps away from Union Square, trolley rides, great restaurants, shopping. Best location for first time visitors. Got a great price (under $100/night) by booking with Venere.com, and they lived up to all the information listed and more. Just around the corner from a good Borders books, Macy's and a short stroll to historic Fisherman's wharf. LOVED the whole experience. Concierge and a fellow guest helped navigate our route toward Sacramento so we could cross the Golden Gate Bridge as we departed. Will come again and stay here again. Fabulous! One caveat, if you visit in July, bring jackets, trench coat. It's windy and quite cool this time of year. When it's in the 90's inland, it'll be in the 60's in SF during the day and cooler at night.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wakegirl1967
<Content>Perfect! We were in town for the Nike Woman's Half Marathon and choose the hotel because of the fantastic location for our event. I have yet to find a perfect property so here are the pros and cons through my eyes. Pros: In heart of Union Square, near theatres...location can't be beatAttentive staff Flat screen TV Very comfortable bed with fantastic sheetsFairly quiet room (but not soundproof Excellent water pressure in the shower Small fridge Complimentary tea, sherry and coffee. Cons: High price for offsite valet parking...takes quite a while for your car to be returned, self park in the same lot for half the cost. Very small rooms lighting not great bathroom vanity very low...and I'm only 5'5If you are looking for a sleek modern property look elsewhere. If your top priority is a clean, comfortable room with a fantastic location then Kensington Park is it! I literally checked out of my hotel at 6:50 a.m. and was right where I needed to be for the start of NWM '07! I will definitely be back next year.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>tourist12566
<Content>Outstanding Your hotel by far is the most comfortable place I have ever stayed at. The bed was very comfortable----I鈥檝e never slept better. It caused me to get a new bed because of it and the view I had was unmatched by any other-----watching the fog roll in by my window was an awesome sight. It was my first time being to San Francisco; I fell in love with the city as well as the hotel and well-------just about everything else. Thank you for the great service and hospitality. My next visit to San Francisco will involve a stay at your hotel. As a matter of fact, it will become a ritual鈥?.to stay at your hotel every time I鈥檓 in San Francisco. Thanks againSincerely Frank De Paz  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>muletrains
<Content>Great location at great price We stayed here for 4 nights in September as a family of 2 adults and 2 teenagers, taking 2 rooms. At the Expedia price it was excellent value and is very conveniently located, being just off Union Square. The rooms were a good size with extremely comfortable beds - we had the best nights sleep here!The front desk staff and the cleaning staff are wonderful, providing everything you could wish for.Our only comments for improvement would be that it would be nice to have a fridge in the rooms and the 'free continental breakfast on each floor' which was advertised on Expedia is wrong - only tea and coffee are provided, whiich is not much help in the morning with hungry teenagers! However, just a couple of minutes walk away is Lori's - a 50's style diner which has excellent food all day at great prices and a juke box on each table - well worth a visit! The hotel does though offer a complimentary sherry in the lobby in the evenings which is very civilised and much appreciated. We would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Daveydites
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location If, like me, you like to holiday away from the tourists and somwhere with some local buzz this hotel is a great place to stay in San Francisco. An old style building with lots of charecter right in the heart of the city and 50 yards from Union Square and the cable car to Fisherman's Wharf. The Golden Nugget Saloon is round the corner and worth a visit with some old world charm, well at least as old as you get in an earthquake zone!Chinatown is a short walk away as are the many shops in the area and restaurants to suit all. There's a small Thai place on the left as you walk to the cable car terminus which was excellant value.A short stroll to the Cable car will take you to Fisherman's Wharf for the tourity bit and a short taxi ride will take you to the Alcatraz boat trip. (Take the official National Park Service trip as it's the only one which lands on the island and allows you to visit the prison)The staff were all friendly and helpful, the rooms clean and well kept and combined with a great rate this place would be my choice if I go to SF again. One tip is if you have a motorcycle use the public car park in Union Square which at a rate of $6 per day beats the valet car parks. The main area of motorcycle parking is visible to the car park office which is manned 24/7 which provides an element of security.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>smithid
<Content>Excellent little gem Stayed for 4 nights and loved it all. Great, clean, newly reno-ed property in an excellent location. The staff are amazing, from the bellhops, chambermaids, front-desk staff, all helpful and professional. The most pleasant surprise was the size of the room, very large for SF and quiet. no loud banging doors or hallway noise.Great value for the $$$ - wish this place would stay under the radar and keep up its excellent standards.Bravo!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>leeann1009
<Content>Consistently good Agree with most of the reviews here. The picture of the bathroom a few reviews is very typical.GOODlarge roomslocation location location (3 minute walk to everything)large flat screen TV'sconsistenlty clean an d in good shapefriendly staffJUST OKoldersmall bathroomsI stay here a lot. I feel though I'm paying too much if I pay over $150 - the prescott across the street is in much better shape for sometimes only $20 more a night.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>sramnesia
<Content>great small hotel in SF We have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Kensington Park hotel in San Francisco. Located right in Union Square. Great place, Extremely friendly and helpful(though possibly overworked) staff. Comfortable charming rooms. this is an older hotel, but extremely well kept. After going out 3 mornings for coffee, one of the housekeepers told us that there was free coffee and juice etc on the 11th floor. That would have been helpful to know on the first morning instead of the last. Every day at 4 they serve tea and sherry in the lobby! fun european style place. Will stay there again in an instant.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redgypsy2000
<Content>Overall Great Place! Nice hotel. Bed and covers were plush. Decent bathroom/shower size. Front desk was very helpful with all of our questions. Great location since it's half a block from Powell Street Cable Car line. Good if you have a muni pass. Never got the chance to try the tea and sherry but the morning coffee was horrendous. More bitter than a regular Starbucks brew on bold! Other than that, a great hotel at a great price!  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>AusTwo
<Content>Location Location Location We arrived at the Kensington Park very early in the morning, around 9am. We thought we could leave our luggage with the concierge, and explore San Francisco. Much to our delight, our room was ready! This made life so much easier. The concierge on duty, Robert (or Bob to his mates), was a great help. Bob ensured that we had a shuttle bus booked for the trip out to the airport for when we left, gave us maps of San Francisco, told us the best places to eat, buy clothes, and in general get the most out of our stay. The room was small, but that was not a problem. The room was clean, and the cleaning staff were very friendly, making a point of saying hello each and every time they saw anyone around. A nice touch. Only 1/2 a block from the cable cars, very handy when coming back from Fisherman's Wharf. The Kensington Park is certainly worth the stay, yes it's an old hotel, but I think that just adds to the charm of the stay.  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>wordwench
<Content>They try hard       Our room, 10th floor  
<Date>Apr 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>DawnBLenexa
<Content>Excellent hotel in great location Lovely boutique hotel in a great location. Right at Union Square. Half block from cable car and great restaurants. Service was excellent, they took great care making our restaurant reservations, shuttle arrangements and general area info. Give me a boutique hotel like the Kensington Park anyday, when you stay here you are not just another number  
<Date>Apr 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shamelink
<Content>Great hotel and location for Union Square Our stay was great, we had 6 people in total and 3 rooms. Everyone's room had a little something different. Enjoyed the location as we were close to Union Square and all the shopping and just a cable car away from the wharf. All the staff was very friendly and helpful. Would definately stay there again if I was returning to SF.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>VacationsAreSoFun
<Content>Thanks Tripadvisor! We visited in March when the weather was perfect. We booked a month early and used the AAA rate. Very very economical, and we used the tripadvisor reviews to make our choice. We arrived and checked our luggage in as the rooms were not quite ready. Receptions staff was great. The lobby hearkens to early 20th century Bavarian hotels. Very nice. Daily tea available for guests in the afternoons.Room was great. No AC, but in the bay, you'll only need it in the summer. The room looked similar to the pictures on their website and spacious because the flat screen tv was wall mounted and no furniture other than the desk and an extra chair were present. Beds were a bit old but still comfortable. The bathroom was very cleanThere is good complimentary coffee and tea in the mornings, but you just have to be willing to go to the 9th floor to get it.All in all, you can't go wrong with the Kensington park. Location is amazing. It's a 5 minute walk from the Powell Bart station and is next to the Powell cable car line, and the closest stop is literally fifty paces up powell. It is really in Union Square and close to the major shopping. It is only a 10 minute walk to China town. The #30 bus that goes to the Wharf/Ghiradelli square area as well as the Palace of fine arts is on stockton which is the next street after powell, and the closest bus stop is only a few hundred yards down union and up stockton.There is a Walgreens on the same block as the hotel, right around the corner if you need basic goods and snacks. You might spring for a disposable cooler and some ice (the ice machines are only on floors 9 and 12). There is also a Borders a few steps away in case you need some Seattle's best coffee or a guidebook. Caveats:-no bathroom in the lobby-no AC-ice not convenient, and no ice bucket linersDespite that, I definitely recommend the hotel.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BabyJaneP
<Content>Feels Like a Queen My first stay at Kensington Park was last May 2006 with my husband and a friend. It is my children's summer break in the Philippines and my husband and I decided to bring them for vacation in Califronia. San Francisco was our last stop and was looking forward to the same courteous service of the hotel staff. To my surprise, we were in for a bigger treat. They improved the interiors of the rooms- from the tv to the sheets, the decors etc! My five year old-daughter said that it makes her feel like a princess- and me? I felt like a queen. See for yourself and be a royalty for a day or two!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cochineal
<Content>Good value for location I stayed here on a business trip and was happy to find a centrally-located hotel in San Francisco at a reasonable rate. The location can't be beat- walk to numerous restaurants, shops, and public transit to anywhere in town. My room was an adequate size, the bathroom was lovely, and everything was clean. The staff was all friendly and helpful. On the downside, the cable TV was extremely basic and the window drapes completely blocked the heater when closed, so I was chilly at night. Also, the internet access is complicated- you have to get a key from the front desk for a 5th-floor business center. Overall, this is a great hotel if you're looking for a reasonably-priced base from which to explore the city. If you're looking to cocoon in your room, you'l probably want a better room.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	2	5	5	4	4	2	

<Author>DutchGirlRipon
<Content>Wonder Time Here Just return from a weekend to the San Francisco area. Stayed in downtown S.F for the first time ever. Chose Kensington Park Hotel after seeing a promotional ad on TV. Loved our stay there. Friendly helpful staff, free coffee/tea and juice in the mornings, free sherry and teas in late afternoon and early evening. Very comfortable feather bed mattress pads, fibron down pillows, the place is very clean and just put in flat screen TV's. Was very quiet inside the hotel halls etc. but lots of street noise etc. from outside most of the night, we were on the Post street side, 10th floor. Think you'd have that noise anywhere in a big city so bring ear plugs if you're not a sound sleeper. Less then a block from cable car route, Union Square, Borders, Disney store and more. Many great places to eat close by. Had a good breakfast at the Pinecrest Restrautant at 401 Geary (walking distance). Wonderfull dinner at the Millennium Restrauant (vegan) at 580 Geary (also walking distance), it is expensive $145.00 for the two of us, we each had a glass of wine. Everything you'd need is in walking distance of this hotel. We'd stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ms.Mellie
<Content>4 Star Treatment at the Kensington       Royal Suite- Sitting Room  
<Date>Feb 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lilly1278
<Content>Nice Hotel In A Perfect Location Four of us, in 2 rooms, just returned from our stay at the Kensington Park Hotel. Our rooms were very nice, clean, and comfy. The front desk staff was always helpful and accommodating. It's true that it is a little louder if you face Post St. Maybe ask for a room in the back, or one with a ceiling fan as it can get stuffy if the windows are closed. Bob, the concierge was very helpful. There are quite a few nice bars and restaurants in walking distance. Check out Lefty O'Doule's on Geary St. (on the other side of the St. Francis Hotel),a nice Irish piano bar/pub that is very casual and super fun as you can gather around the piano and sing a long. The Cosmopolitan restaurant has great food and some of the best Cosmo's, but better than that, see Sam at the bar for a Huckleberry martini...outstanding. For breakfast the Mason St. restaurant on Mason south of Post St. a block or so, or any one of the Lori's diners. Don't waste your time waiting in line for Dottie's True Blue cafe...not worth it.Your best bet for a tour is with Joe at [---]. He was WONDERFUL We took a 6 hr. wine tour. On Joe's recommendation we stopped at Robledo's winery and it made our whole day--good wine, excellent experience. His price is competative, but his service, personality, and knowledge was exceptional. We thouroughly enjoyed our time in San Francisco.---The Hojnacki's  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>thebrit7
<Content>Great hotel in an awesome location! This little hotel is in a great location, less than 1 block from Union Square. Easy access to the cable car stops and next door to shopping. The hotel itself is very charming inside. Our room was available 3 hours before normal check-in time of 2:00pm. That was nice. Everyone was very courteous and helpful. Our room was on the 11th floor. They still use real keys! The room was clean and perfect for a couple. Bathroom was clean and the towels were thick.Checkout was easy. 12:00pm was the standard checkout. We had parked our car with the valet overnight (the best rate in town, only $39 with in/out priviliges). We checked out of our room, but we could keep the car parked until 5:00pm. We stored our bags and spent the rest of the day out and about.I am looking forward to my next visit to the city. I will definately stay at this hotel again. Very affordable! I would recommend it to everyone.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deepdvr_ca
<Content>Great Botique Hotel Got a great deal. Right across the street from the St Francis on Union Square. Good room with king size bed. Hotel has a lot of charm.. Friendly staff.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>HanFamily
<Content>Great Time in the City Last week my family and I stayed at the Kensington Park Hotel in San Francisco. This was our first time at the hotel, although we visit the city often. We had a wonderful time and the service was incredible. We were given fantastic directions and some wonderfulsuggestions for places to go. I have already recommended the hotel to 2 friends as well as my mother in law (and you know how picky they can be.) I am sure we will be back soon! Thanks for the wonderful stay,The Hansens  
<Date>Jan 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>EdApple
<Content>Great Stay, with small children My wife and I booked a room for four (children ages 18 months and 7 years) through the Travelzoo webite. We were given an upgrade to the Royal Court room as the front desk person saw that we were a family of four and needed more than the standard room. Front desk staff was very helpful and welcoming the many times we arrived and departed during our 3-night stay. We had no problems with our stroller in the hotel and we felt no stigma having the only guests that were under 16 years of age? I will stay here the next time my wife and I make our trip without the kids.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Baxters
<Content>A perfect end to our roadtrip       View of the Room  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>turnerca
<Content>A Great Value with Top Notch Service I spent 3 glorious days in San Francisco for the opening of Westfield Center and was very impressed by the excellent service, convenient location and great value from the Kensington Park Hotel. Our room was spacious and overlooked Union Square. I'm picky about substantial but comfy pillows, and these were just like home. I work in and teach marketing and I think the friendliness of the staff really contributed to our enjoyment. They were on top of everything and really went beyond the call of duty. We had coffee and juice every morning on our floor, so it was easy to get moving. The price of the room was very competitive for SF.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Povys
<Content>Great boutique hotel We enjoyed our 4 nights at the Kensington Park Hotel. The staff could not do enough to make our stay comfortable and pleasant. The location is excellent and the room charming. The sherry and tea offered to guests in the foyer every afternoon is a nice touch.We will definitely be returning  
<Date>Oct 18, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>S.DiegoTraveler
<Content>A Great Place to Stay! Just returned from a week's stay in the Bay Area, including three nights at the Kensington Park Hotel.This relatively small hotel (70-80 rooms, I believe) was everything that my girlfriend and I hoped for. It is in a very convenient location (1/2 block from Union Square), and our room was clean, comfortable and well-appointed.We arrived on a Saturday morning, having taken BART from the San Francisco Airport to the Powell Street station. This was about a 4-5 block walk from the hotel, but as we had not packed too heavily, this was no problem. We got to the hotel around 11 a.m., expecting to simply check our bags for a few hours until our room would be ready. Imagine our pleasure when the desk clerk informed me our room was already cleaned and available.Our room was on the 10th floor of this 12-story hotel, which only has guest rooms on floors 6-12. I had read that rooms on the front of the hotel (Post St.) side tended to be too noisy, but we did not find this a problem. Yes, we did have a street musician down on the corner below us each evening, but they seemed to quit by 10-11 p.m., which was plenty early enough for us. Plus, they were all quite good!We were blessed with wonderful San Francisco weather. Days were in the high 70s and nights in the low 60s. Really could not have asked for any better. I had done a lot of research ahead of time, so had a pretty good idea of where we wanted to go while we were there and how to get there, but the staff at the front desk were always very eager to answer any questions and help with any request I had. Very friendly and responsive.Being a small hotel, they do not have on-site housekeeping or food service. The housekeeping was never an issue, as rooms were cleaned by the staff that comes in each day, and any needs we had after hours were quickly handled by the bell staff or desk staff. And, with so many fantastic restaurants in SF, we certainly didn't come there with the intention of eating room service meals. The hotel has an arrangement with a Cafe a few doors down for continental breakfast service. You get a voucher at the front desk and go down the street for tea or coffee, muffin or danish. We didn't expect much from this service, and we didn't get much, either. Not a very impressive selection or service at this Cafe.The hotel's 2nd and 3rd floors house the Post St. Theatre, a quaint little theatre with not a bad seat in the house. We saw The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee, a play I was not familiar with ahead of time, but highly entertaining. Good music, great performances by the characters, and just a very fun, cute show. We got tickets the morning of the show at the TIX booth on Union square for less than $30 each. Well worth it, but hurry, it closes in early September. I would love to see another show in this theatre, and if you're staying in the hotel, you certainly can't beat the ease of the drive home after the show.The hotel is in a great location. Having been to San Francisco a few times, I really enjoy staying around Union Square better than any other location. With the 3-day passports we got for public transportation, we could take any of the cable cars, streetcars, buses or subway trains for no additional cost. Best $18 I ever spent in SF, and we felt we could get anywhere we wanted to within the city by starting within steps of our hotel.With all the great shopping, eating and people-watching we love to do in the Union Square area, this hotel was a great choice for us.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BigJHD
<Content>Surprised! I stay in San Francisco for business quite often but usually at one of the Hyatt's or Hiltons. These were not available so after reading the reviews I decided to give it a try. I was surprised that the service described by some was not present during my stay. I had reserved a Royal Court Room but was given a standard room which was run down in comparison. Also, they refused to lower my rate to the standard room rate which was $30.00 less when I originally booked. While there I misplaced a credit card which the staff was nice enough to check my room while I was at the office and report back to me that they had found it. Other than that I did not have the experience that most reviewers did , guess it is back to the giants (Hyatt @Embarcedero)  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>Prescottcouple
<Content>All's well I have been staying at The Kensington Park for over a decade. I have always had good experiences. Therefore, I was VERY concerned when I read the reviews on this site about the mix-ups with the reservations. As a result, a week before arrival, I called and discussed these poor reviews and told them that I had the explicit expectation that my late arrival with my mother for Mother's Day weekend would not be wrought with anxiety and inconvenience. They accommodated us beautifully. I thank those who wrote the negative reviews because I cannot be sure that if I had not been proactive, it would have turned out as well. It is unfortunate that these other guests' experience was so unpleasant.I hope that The Kensington Park was having a rough time of it for awhile and now they have gotten it together. They certainly were on their game when we were there.  
<Date>May 27, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>frankinfrisco
<Content>Great location, great service I stayed at the Kensington for a business trip and would definitely recommend to anyone needing the convienience of a great location in SF and friendly service. you can take the BART from SFO to within a few blocks of the hotel for 5 bucks vs $35-40 in a cab. Bob the bellman was extremely helpful in getting cabs, recommendations on where to go, etc. The room are nice and well maintained. Free coffee on the 9th floor was avaialable in the AM. 3-4 block walk to the Moscone Convention Center. Rooms are clean and well kept. They even gave me a discount card to Macy's!!  
<Date>Jan 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>a "confirmed" reservation is anything but I too had made a reservation for the Kensington and I too was sent to another property along with several others of a different party. This, apparently, is par for the course for The Kensington. The other property, The Steinhart, was just awful. No security, no service, no amenities. The permanent guests of this hotel were carrying out questionable activities in the room adjacent to mine. The kind of activities that would interest the police. I just wanted to get out, which I did. Of course, the man at the front desk was nowhere to be found when I went to check out early. The finishing touch? They billed me for my entire stay rather than the one night for which I was to have been comped by Kensington Park. These are all Personality Hotels. Some personality....  
<Date>Dec 5, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>reservation doesn't mean room We arrived at the hotel at about 9:30PM to find that the three rooms we had confirmed were not available, having been travelling for twenty three hours this was very disapionting. We were offered alternative accomadation that was not of the same standard, one of the hotels had a warning on the front door that said ; this building contains chemicals that are known to cause cancer and birth defects. Management was not available to deal with our problem so we had to find an alternative ourselves. The next morning the hotel manager accepted full responsibilty and gave us that night for free. Overall the hotel is very nice and in a great location , but very annoyed about what happened on our first night of a three week holiday in America .  
<Date>Nov 12, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice little hotel My wife and I stayed here during a quick stop over visit to San Francisco. Our first impressions were great. The foyer is really quite beautiful and more than we had expected. We arrived about 2.5 hours before check in time due to our early flight time and the staff were very quick to ready a room for us. The room itself was very nice and facing out towards Post Street. We had read previous reviews about a trumpeter playing till wee hours of the morning, however this was in fact a saxophonist and we both found it to be quite relaxing. If you are after quiet then definately ask for a room at the back of the hotel. The hotel is located in a great position, close to Union Square and the famous cable cars as well as a bustling shopping district. The pan handlers were out and about but they are pretty harmless and generally leave you alone. Overall a nice little place, friendly staff, great location and a nice room for the price.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>mountaineermom
<Content>Raising prices, cutting amenities.... I came home last night from a 5 day stay at the Kensington Park. I was traveling alone and felt very safe there. The cleaning/maintenance staff were very friendly. The front desk staff was indifferent at best. Like other traveler's suggested, I asked for a room in the back of the hotel and was glad I did, it was very quiet. The hotel no longer has 24 hour coffee and tea service, it is only from 7am-10am. They still have free access to the business center. There is no breakfast and was no in-room coffeemaker, even though it is advertised. Tea/Sherry in the afternoon was okay, the tea was weak and they had powdered creamer (ech!) and no real milk or cream. The room itself was pleasant and clean. I am glad I only paid $129 per night, but have noticed prices at least $30 higher on this site and others. It is close to everything, but watch walking down O'Farrell (going west), I got a bit scared by the people down there and did not feel safe. Overall, the Kensington is convenient, but I just don't feel the love that other reviewers did, perhaps because of the cut in amenities.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Reservation may not mean you stay here Our family reserved and confirmed two rooms. We each reconfirmed our rooms before starting our trip. I arrived, offered to check in my daughter due to her late arrival and they assured me they had her room assigned and even provided me the room number. When she arrived, she joined several other displaced travelers sent to another property. Instead of the nice room she had reserved, she found herself sleeping on a bed that folded down from the wall. What a profound disappointment and a loss of quality family time that is difficult to schedule. While apologetic, they had no management staff available to resolve the problem.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lisb
<Content>lovely hotel I stayed in this hotel with my boyfriend for 8 nights from the first of Sept. It was a lovely hotel, the staff were very friendly nothing was to much trouble even down to bringing a wine opener to our room so we could have a drink instead of goin out as we were tired from a day trip.The room had a fridge which was very handy for just keeping water cool. The hotel was in a grat location close to everyting, shops, restaurants,buses cable cars. everything was within a 5 min location. Loris diner is just down the road from the hotel and they do great breakfasts.My only complaint is that our room looked out onto post street and like another reviewer said there was a man with a trumpet that played till 12am most nights he nearly drove me mad so i bought earplugs and never heard another thing the noise didnt bother my boyfriend.Id have no problem going back to this hotel is was great but id ask for a room in the back of the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>paulruszczyk
<Content>Great location but noisy The hotel is old fashioned and quite charming. The location is great - a half a block from the cable car and Union Square. Lots of busses and trolly's nearby as well. My only complaint is the street noise. There was a street musician on the corner playing the trumpet until midnight on three of our seven nights. This kept me awake. There was also lots of horn honking, trucks and what seemed like a moving van in the street at 3am. I think one night the roadies were moving the equipment from a show in the theater next door. If you stay here, I suggest you ask for a room that does not front on Post Street. Besides -the view on Post Street is poor.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>ursalways
<Content>More than I expected... After staying at 4 and 5 star hotels, I wasn't sure was to expect in a boutique hotel in downtown SF...after 5 nights...it was more than I expected. The stylish hotel lobby is right out of the 30's with a front desk complete with mail / keyboxes, a lobby with a grand piano and mysterious hooded piano virtuoso, complimentary afternoon tea or sherry, and a couple of spacious elevators complete with an antique uphostered sofa bench (the only thing that was missing the elevator operator to take you to your floor).The room was spacious enough for the 4 of us who only wanted a place to crash after a long day out). We had 2 double beds which were quite comfortable (though we're used to queen beds). The bathroom was modern and towels, toiletries, hairdryer, etc...quite acceptable. Overall, the room and linen were quite clean though the furniture, carpet and bedspread could be updated to give this room an overall 4 star rating (queen beds would make this 5 star). The maid service was virtually unseen though you knew they were there each day...our beds were turned down each day when we returned...and our contents safe and undisturbed. This is a safe hotel.We asked and received a non-smoking room situated at the rear of the hotel...while the view wasn't spectacular, it was certainly quieter than the streetfront side. The business centre was useful and equiped with a complimentary computer and printer. The 12th flr (didn't check the othe floors) had wireless internet access in each room if you have a laptop computer.The hotel is right off Union Square and the centre of shopping, shopping, and more shopping. Turn left out the hotel lobby and you're standing where you can catch the famous cable car to Fisherman's Wharf or take a short walk to Chinatown. Being beside Union Square was a bonus when the hotel room seemed a bit small for parents and grown teenagers...the park benches were full of entertainment, sights and comfort...a great location for a hotel.Beware of panhandlers; while there were quite a few around, they aren't threatening. Stay close to Powell Street (cable car) a night...there are several XXX theatres, massage palours, etc. on the blocks west of Powell towards the Civic Centre and Asian Art Museum. This area is filled with the transient and homeless...which were again not overly threatening...but can be unnerving esp. to children.If you're travelling in from SF airport, take the BART to Powell / Market Street station...its safe, inexpensive, convenient (i.e. no traffic congestion and costly taxi rides), and only 4 short blocks to the hotel. The BART station is a the foot of the cable car line and a great way to be greeted to SF. Don't bother renting a car if you're planning to spend most of your time in downtown SF....traffic, parking cost, and the cable car will certainly make you wish you hadn't. Buy a Citypass for a 7 day MUNI transit pass (which you'll need to ride the cable car) plus 1/2 price tickets to the SF Museum of Modern Art, the Asian Art Museum, the Exploratorium, and a choice of two other museums....definitely worthwhile expenditure. Plan to spend 2 hours (fast tour) and 4 hours (thorough tour) through the first 2 museums that I refer to...they're worth the visit....wish we hadn't started the Asian Art museum at 2 hrs before they closed. The Exploratorium is an excellent place for kids.Finally, for downtown SF and Fisherman's Wharf...dress for warmth. It is breezy plus bitterly cold once the clouds / fog rolls in. Further inland and south, there is a 10-15 degree temperature difference. If you want to see all of the Golden Gate Bridge and Alcatraz...take the harbour tour during mid-day when there is less chance for cloud and fog rolling in / out.Hope this helps....enjoy!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kch581
<Content>Decent, clean little hotel       View from our room  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Perfect Spot! My daughter and I enjoyed a delightful stay at this wonderful hotel in San Francisco. We were there for one week. We were a little concerned that there would be no air conditioner (being from Florida!) but this turned out to be no problem at all. The weather outside was very cool (we visited in late July), and the window opened. We had to keep it closed at night because it was so cold outside! The room was adequate for the two of us, very quiet in the evening, and the beds were extremely comfortable. We have stayed in many hotels, and this one was by far the CLEANEST. The bathroom was kept spotless every day, a request for more toilet paper was honored IMMEDIATELY and the service from the front desk was top notch. Bob, the concierge, was quite helpful in renting a vehicle for us and in helping us with our trip to the Napa Valley.The hotel is very convenient...a big plus when visiting this terrific city. It is right in Union Square, a couple of blocks from the cable car turn around. It is within walking distance to Chinatown and Japan Center. The trolley stops are all nearby, making trips to the Fisherman's Wharf a breeze. Take advantage of the tea and sherry in the late afternoon...it is delightful! Napa Valley is about 1 1/2 hrs away, and you can even visit the Petrified Forest and Old Faithful. Carmel is about 2 hrs away....the drive down is magnificent. We saw seals sunning themselves on the rocks. Truly a memorable ride.All in all...the Kensington Park Hotel helped to make our stay in San Francisco one we will always remember. We highly recommend it, and we would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SMOFF70
<Content>Look no further than the Kensington Park! We checked into the Kensington Park May 31 for 2 days. It is very easy to find just west of Union Square. Very easy access to cable cars on Powell and the BART system down the street, not to mention buses, streetcars etc. Vincent on duty that day was very proficient and made helpful suggestions for a nice pizza place just down the street, for us weary travelers!Rooms are bigger than average for San Francisco. They were clean and comfortable. We booked early through an airline's website and saved a substantial amount of money.There is coffee on one floor - I think it is supposed to be 24hr. It was there the first night in the evening but the second night it wasn't - it is possible they were changing it at the time. Also, the hotel offers free hi-speed internet access (wireless in the lobby, wired in the rooms) which was useful, even if you DON'T have a computer since they have one room set aside for this with computer AND printer - all complimentary. Useful for checking in online if you are flying, looking up BART (Bay Area Rapid Transit) timetables - VERY useful if travelling to Oakland Airport. Also for information on the city itself - priceless.We requested a room on the back side of the hotel - nothing much for views, even though we were on the 8th floor but we appreciated the quietness. After a weary day's sightseeing, all we wanted was a good night's rest. A pianist in the lobby entertained as we returned one evening around 9:30pm - apparently he had been there since late afternoon! A theater is located above the hotel lobby and rooms actually start on floor 5. No problem with noise that we noticed.We would be happy to return to this hotel again on a future visit.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute as a button!!! This is the cutest hotel I have ever stayed in. The room we had was on the 11th floor, room 79. We had a city view that was just beautiful. The room was decorated in earth tones with burgundy accents. The bed was very comfortable. As other reviews noted, there are no air conditioning units but you really don't need one due to the weather being very cool in San Francisco. You will want to dress warm when you go out into the city. The staff is very nice and helpful. My stay here was nothing but great. When we go back, we will staying here again. I can hardly wait!!!  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>tampacub11
<Content>Wonderful hotel with a great location My family and I stayed at The Kensington Park Hotel in San Francisco from May 8 to May 13. We paid $110/per night for the first 4 nights booked through a discount travel website. We decided to stay an extra night to see more of San Francisco. The hotel staff added on an extra night for $149, the hotel's current room price at the time. We felt an extra night in the city was well worth the money and the staff made the booking changes very quickly. This hotel has a great location. It is less than a block away to shops in Union Square. There are plenty of diners and restaurants that are easy to walk to. We especially enjoyed the food at Cafe Mason located on the corner of Mason and O'Farrell. During our stay, we walked from the hotel to Chinatown, Union Square, San Francisco Shopping Center, The Disney Store(Great for kids and Disney lovers and it's practically next door!), Market Street, the Cable Car turnaround, and other nearby stores. We also felt the location of The Kensington Park Hotel was very safe and our room was secure.Our room had 2 double beds and was very, very clean. It was nicely decorated, spacious(for San Francisco, very spacious), had comfortable beds, and was pleasant overall. The bathroom has a sink with counter space, a hairdryer, a toilet, and a shower/tub combo. The shower had great water pressure and was very nice after a long day of walking. The room also had an iron with ironing board, closet with hangers, TV with some cable channels, armoire(holds the TV and has 3 drawers), a desk with chair, a living chair, and a nightstand with phone. Local calls cost $.75 each. We also had wireless internet in our room.The hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. The housekeeping service was wonderful. Every day we came back to our room to find our beds made, fresh towels, and everything in its place. There is also afternoon tea or sherry available in the lobby, but we did not have any. We mostly traveled to the 9th floor for free coffee. Coffee, ice machines, and vending machines are on the 9th and 12th floor. Our room was on the 7th floor, so it was a quick elevator ride to the coffee.Overall, we enjoyed our stay very much and would stay here again.***I'd also like to add that you should be VERY careful when leaving your car unattended in downtown. There are certain times when it is okay to park your car at meters or on certain streets. Your car will be towed away during the restricted hours such as the times for street cleaning. Tow trucks are everywhere in downtown. Please look for signs that post restricted hours whenever you park in downtown. It's better to be safe than sorry. Have a great trip!  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jimdsail
<Content>Great location, good value, small but clean rooms Good location just off of Union Square. If you need to get to Moscone center it's about a 10 minute walk through downtown. Rooms are small and old, but everything was clean and functional. Staff was helpful.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>itinar
<Content>Lovet it !!! Our family stayed at the Kensington in two rooms for two nights. This hotel is really nice in an excellent location and has a touch of class and elegance.The rooms are very nicely decorated and well equiped. I would recommend the Kensington anytime.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DBarrick
<Content>Great Little Hotel We saw the hotel on the internet but not sure about it. Booked it with my travel agent who recommended the hotel. We arrived in San Francisco Feb 27/05 to March 4/05. Great little hotel, half a block from Union Square and cable cars. Excellent staff, helpful, very clean, not your chain type hotel but excellent value, sherry  tea in afternoon nice touch. Suggest you book on line. Agent charged $129 per night Cdn or about $100 US.upon checking out I discovered our rate would have been 70US plus tax or $80.00 per night. So BOOK ON LINE. For Breakfast turn left out of hotel go to corner turn right, go one block and turn right look for O'Doull's pub, best place around for breakfast.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>LScott67
<Content>Will NEVER go back I don't know where to begin...I booked a double/double over a month in advance, paying extra for the Royal Court 'extras.' When we checked in, I was told we were 'upgraded' to Royal Court (when I had already paid for this 'upgrade'), but then told they were overbooked. We were offered a 'suite' in one of their 'sister hotels' (Hotel Diva) or a 'regular' double-double for less money. They never offered to upgrade us to a suite or 2-queen or king room (despite all of these being available). We took the offer of a suite at the Diva, all to find a microscopic room, microscopic bathroom, unsafe location in San Fran and a murphy bed as the 'second' double. We said this was not acceptable and took the downgraded room, to be closer to the Square. They never apologized for this error, which was theirs (blamed it on a new computer system), or offered any true upgrades for their error. While we were waging our complaints, we saw another group complaining about their room and a separate group complaining they were overcharged for parking. With all the hotels competing with this one for business, I would have expected better customer service. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place/Good Prices We frequently stay at the Kensington in SF. Its a great hotel at a great price. They usually having parking packages that are a great deal. It is so convenient to everything we need. When traveling with our children, we were able to get to rooms next to each other with an exterior door that closed in the two rooms! And, our 8 year old daughter loves staying at this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Utterly fabulous! My partner and I spent nine nights at the Kensington Park Hotel from 4th to 13th March 2005. I changed our booking thanks to reading all the great reviews on tripadvisor.com. I am so glad I did as I booked at a last minute type site and got a fantastic deal (US$86 + 14% room tax). The hotel is a delight. It's brilliantly situated - one minute from Union Square and right near everything you could possibly want. Our plane arrived early and we were there about 11.15am and our room was ready straight away. The room was lovely. Reasonably small but charming, with a comfortable bed, a small walk in robe and television, desk and spare chair as well as bedside tables and lights. And joy of joys - a window that actually opened. How often do you get that in a hotel these days? The bathroom was small but had everything in it and both room and bathroom were spotlessly clean.There are no tea or coffee making facilities in the room but on the 9th floor which was the floor below ours so not a hassle bring a cup of tea up to bed when we came home at the end of the night. There was also free internet on the computer in the business room which was useful too.The hotel used to be a private club and the lobby area is stunning. I took some photos and if I ever figure out how to download them off my camera I will upload them here!The staff were all fantastic - including Bob the concierge. There was a slight mix up with my payment and they fixed it immediately without any problems.We also went to the theatre which is adjacent to the hotel and that was great too.Overall I cannot rate the Kensington Park Hotel or tripadvisor.com highly enough.Thank you! Would definitely stay there again if I go back to San Fran and will never book a hotel again without checking tripadvisor.com first.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>d_buergo
<Content>Perfect Stay, Excellent Location, More For Your Money ... I was surprised to find that the hotel outdid any review I had read. The staff is MORE than helpful  nicer than ever. Accommodations where wonderful. For those who are looking to stay in the union square area, it is Safe, Pleasant, Comfortable, Helpful, Real SAN FRANCISCO Charm ... I could go on  on  on. Feb. 2005 was when I stayed  I will certainly be returning to stay here again  again  again. I will also be telling all my friends  family about my wonderful experience there. ENJOY!!!  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sanjoseKat
<Content>Affordable with a great location I have been a guest at this hotel many times over the years and have always found it to be a pleasurable stay with great value. The location is unbeatable. Just a block off Union Square, within walking distance of shopping, well-known restaurants, theater, Bart and cable cars.The rooms on the eleventh floor are a little bit more expensive but come with extra amenities (like bathrobes, cd players and continental breakfast at a nearby cafe). Bob, the concierge is a character and always willing to help. Stay in the rooms at the back of the hotel where it is quieter and you get a fabulous view of the city. No, it is not the most modern hotel in the City, however, it is updated, clean, has a wonderful theater and the adjacent Farallon Restaurant is one of the best in SF.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, but... The location was GREAT!Unfortunately, upon arrival the two deluxe standard rooms we reserved were not registered. However, after several calls, rooms were found for us. Thought they could have been a little apologetic for the confusion. That's just good customer service. The bed in our room was the worst ever. My back was so sore after the first night's stay and the draft that came under the bathroom door actually made the bath mat on the floor flap up and down. Honest!However, my mother-in-law had no problems or complaints in her room.The concierge service/gentleman was, well to say the least, a little strange and not at all helpful.The advertisement for the hotel was for continental breakfast on every floor, but none was provided at all. The best things going for this hotel is the location and the rooms are a above average in size, although the bathrooms are tiny.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2005
<Rating>2	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Probably the most value for money hotel I've stayed at Well I stayed here about 3 years ago and was nothing but impressed with the place. The location is unbeatable, and the price was fab. I think I paid just over $100 for what was a very clean and cozy room, which for SF is a bargain. As for the rest of the hotel, I agree with what some of the other reviewers have said - it's classy, very San Fransisco and the staff were very friendly and helpfull. Special note to Bob the Concierge, who I still remember from my visit. Would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A charming place to stay. The hotel is charming - another reviewer said shabby chic and that is a fitting description. It is after all, an older building that has been kept up. If you want new, modern, and homogenized, then stay at a name brand hotel and be prepared to spend substantially more. But if you want a cozy hotel with thoughtful service (Bob, the concierge is the best) this is a wonderful place within walking distance of everything.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>redsox19
<Content>more than OK. We stayed for 6 days and the hotel is just fine. I found the rooms to be clean and for the age of the hotel just fine. If you're an Elk's member you get a special rate which is half the price of the area hotels. Plus the Elks lodge is wonderful with a great Bar and better than average restuarant. The hotel is located within walking distance of Union Square 300 feet, China town 1/4 mile. And the start one of the cable cars, and Bart, 3 blocks. Taxi's cost about $9 to get to fishermans warf, Peir 39 and the ferries. All in all a great expierence and the concierge Bob is a great help as were all the employee's. Be prepared to wait for your room though as it took about 1 hr(4:30pM) But don't worry there's a place to stow your luggage and plenty to due right around the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>napagirl
<Content>I can't imagine WHO would call this place "FILTHY" Reviews like the previous one trashing this hotel for being supposedly filthy make this website very suspect. We just returned from a 3 night stay. It's a charming little jewel box of a place. The Royal Court floor rooms (11th floor- an upgrade) are adorable, very clean, and as roomy as the rest of the European style hotels on Union Square. We liked it better than the Diva and about as well as our previous fave, the Warwick Regis. The location is phenomenal and the bed is so comfortable you may never venture out of it! You have to really wonder why someone would just trash a lovely little hotel and call it filthy and dark. I'm suspecting a disgruntled former employee???? We paid $135 a night for buy 2 nights, get the 3rd free. I mean it doesn't get too much better than this.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Filthy, Filthy, Yuck!   showReview(2325286, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it!! Very charming   showReview(2225073, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay   showReview(1770436, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hotel in the Heart of Union Square San Francisco   showReview(1636378, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>There must be better....   showReview(1615326, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just The Best!   showReview(1373553, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wouldn't stay there again.   showReview(1372122, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 30, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>. . . a genuine gem!!   showReview(1222801, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SnowFallingOnCedars
<Content>Well-positioned for Union Square ....   showReview(996235, 'full');   
<Date>May 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>bon rapport qualit茅 prix   showReview(19645247, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>8biano
<Content>Hotel di classe e in ottima posizione   showReview(17976416, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ottimo senza riserve   showReview(18537409, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Der Ma脽stab !   showReview(17445078, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gutes Preis-Leistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(16612556, 'full');   
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent h么tel, tr猫s bien...   showReview(16728329, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zu empfehlen!   showReview(11664309, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon hotel   showReview(11664308, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel intimo e dal sapore familiare   showReview(11664307, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Frankfurterin
<Content>Von "Hotel mit Pers枚nlichkeit" keine Rede   showReview(8493442, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	1	2	3	2	3	2	4	

