<Author>DEN31
<Content>Excellent location, a few housekeeping hiccups Hotel Union Square is a nice boutique property one block off Powell  Market - no need to even THINK about a car, you're steps away from MUNI, BART, and the world-famous Cable Cars.I stayed 12/27-12/30 for a vacation in room 427.A lot of people note room size. It's SF. If you book a cheap hotel rate, you're going to have a small room. If you want a big room, you'll need to pay for it.THE PROS:**Location, location, location! SF is a very walkable city, and many attractions and activities are steps from the Hotel Union Square**Ambience! Some reviewers didn't like it, but I thought it was quite fun to open my window and hear a cable car rumbling / dinging by.**Killer internet prepaid rate. Very reasonable rate for that neighborhood.THE CONS:**Couple of hiccups with housekeeping - my room had not been properly serviced on check in, there were no fresh toiletries in the bath, and the prior guest's half-consumed bottle of water was on the desk**Front Desk hiccups. Room was not available at 3pm (that's OK, check-in is 4) ... and when I advised desk staff about my lack of toiletries and cleaning, the clerk suggested I might have left the do not disturb sign out the evening prior - which would have been plausible except that I'd noted I'd checked in the evening prior.**I stayed in the Annex portion - which did not have the same feel and decor as the Main area of the hotel. My next stay, I'll make sure to ask for a non-Annex room.**No view whatsoever. None. A fire escape and a wall. Oh well - it was a cheap rate!All in all, it was exactly what I'd paid for. A nice place to sleep with a great location. The issues with housekeeping, desk staff, and a generally uninspired room kept me from rating a bit higher.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jmludwick
<Content>Fantastic Stay! I had to go to San Francisco for 4 days to attend a work conference. While searching hotels that were below the allowed lodging allowance, the Hotel Union Square popped up. After checking out the website, it looked like a beautiful place so I decided to stay there. WOW! When I arrived, the front desk staff was extremely helpful and friendly! They gave me a shopping map of Union Square and directions and recommendations for tons of stuff! The hotel room was beautiful--a little small but still very comfortable. The shower is fantastic and the little things just made my stay so much better! The bed and bed linens were so fabulous I didn't want to get out of bed! This is now one of my favorite hotels and I plan to stay here again for pleasure.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>beijaflor38
<Content>Very nice boutique hotel We had an excellent experience at this hotel. The staff, in particular, were very helpful and friendly, and we enjoyed the decor and lighting. The size of the room was fine, and the bathroom was super-clean and modern (no tub though). We joined their Personality Perks program and received free waters and candies every day, which was a nice plus. It was good for our 18 month old, as the bed was low to the floor--so no fears of her falling off from a high bed. The staff also gave us a list of family-friendly activities in San Fran when we checked in.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Freedom5
<Content>Don't Bring Lots of Clothes A funky, boutique hotel right in the heart of downtown San Francisco just steps from Union Square and the Powell Market Cable Car. They offer complimentary wine in the evening and coffee/tea in the morning.There are rooms that aren't much bigger than the queen size bed that they contain. Other rooms are a good size. Front Desk staff ranges from snooty and indifferent to extremely friendly and helpful.One thing that took us by surprise is that most rooms do not have a dresser for your clothes. If you're there for a night or two it might not be a problem living out of your suitcase. But we were there for a week. We had to ask 3 times before we could get a dresser. Only some rooms have them.SInce it's on a main street there is noise which is to be expected. The dumpster being emptied at 2 AM was a bit much.Bottom line...there are so many good hotels in this area and price range that there are lots of other options. If we weren't locked in as part of a package, we would have left without unpacking.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	5	2	-1	3	

<Author>scpt10
<Content>What a great way to see San Francisco! I recently ran the Nike Women's marathon and a friend recommended Hotel Union Square--what a great experience! I took Bart from the airport, walked the block to my hotel, and was able to really see San Francisco at it's best. The cable car runs right in front of the hotel so we were able to go sightseeing and shopping without a car.The hotel is very European in favor--the room decor is very chic , the staff was friendly and helpful. I loved the old world feel and the mix of nationalities staying there--I can't wait to go back!  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Tarriq
<Content>Great hotel Stayed a this hotel for 5 nights, the interior of both the reception area and the room itself is really nice, its kind of 50s in style as well as having many contemporary features. You are literally a few yards away from the cable car start point and you have Macy's and all the major fashion outlets literally just round the corner. The bathroom is a little on the small size and you have to go back into the bedroom for a wash as this is where the sink is located, but this all adds to the character of the place. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KDrog
<Content>Great location and good rest We stayed here 2 nights. We stayed in the Deluxe Queen Room. We were in an interior room, which was quiet, good AC and plenty of room. You can't beat this location and the beds were super comfy. The staff was always friendly and helpful. I would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Dolly018
<Content>Great location We stayed at the Hotel Union Square for 4 nights from the 26th September. We arrived after a long flight and found the reception staff very helpful. We were offered an inside or outside room - they explained that there was no difference in size but the outside room would have a better view but be nosier. We opted for the outside view despite the noise warning. The room was really hot when we walked in but we turned the ceiling fan on and opened the window and it soon cooled down. The room was clean and recently refurbished - there was a bed, 2 bedside cabinets a chest of drawers and a comfy chair. Although the room was not large there was plenty of room for us to have our cases on the floor and opened for the 4 nights as we did not use the built in wardrobe. The bathroom was clean and toiletries were provided each day. The room had a hairdryer and iron and ironing board as well. Although noisy at night we were not disturbed and we had the window open at night as well. The hotel provide free internet access at the computer in reception as well as free tea/coffee in the mornings and a wine reception each evening. The cable cars finished at midnight and started at 6am but didn't wake us up. The location of the hotel was convenient - we were close to Union Square and the shopping mall and even closer to the cable car turn around and the public buses. I wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jp_xyx
<Content>What a shoe box Stayed during the week of Sept 22. The room was a bit larger than a jail cell at Alcatraz. No ventilation only a ceiling fan. The room was facing an alley so the window had to be kept shut. Because it is the heart of a busy area you can hear the police car sirens at all hours of the night. For 350.00 a night plus tax you can get better accommodations at other well known hotels. i.e. Marriott.If it weren鈥檛 a business trip I would have checked out the first night.The only plus is the room was recently renovated, art deco, and very clean.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Hazel_Eyes_7
<Content>Ok here's the deal... We stayed here from Sept 17th-20th. First when we checked in鈥?we checked into one of the 鈥淧etite鈥?rooms... All I can say is the room is about the same size as a jail cell or perhaps better yet a closet... It was sooo small that my luggage wouldn鈥檛 fit around the sides of the bed. To make matters worse - there was no air ventilation in this room, it felt like a 鈥渟auna鈥? The room did have a ceiling fan but it just filtered around the same hot stagnant air. Sadly the one window in the room was painted shut so you couldn鈥檛 even open it to get some air.We decided this was unacceptable鈥?So we went back down to the front desk to ask if there were any rooms available for the same price that either had ac and/or a window that opened. Of course, that answer was no. But if we wanted we could upgrade to an 鈥淓xecutive鈥?room - the room would be bigger  you could open up the window but this room would be more money. Ok we decided to take this bigger room.Ok after all that was taken care of things were better. Hotel Union Square is right in the middle of everything with HM next door and DSW Shoe Warehouse across the street. Its definitely a shoppers paradise! Now with that being said, it is a very noisy area.. We had a street side room so we heard the trolley cars/street noise at night which didn鈥檛 bother me but if you are a light sleeper this may not be for you.The hotel itself has been recently beautifully renovated鈥?new paint, new carpet, art deco like, very nice, very clean. Front desk staff is very pleasant. I would also like to give a big Thank-You to the wonderful concierge鈥檚 Tom  Matt 鈥?they were extremely helpful on giving spot-on advice on what to do and how to get there. Please see either of them if you need advice.This is a 3 star hotel so thats what I gave them. Overall, I think this is a nice place to stay... But I do think they could avoid some bad reviews if they were more truthful about the petite room on their website (the picture onsite is misleading).. How that tiny, no air room appears on the website vs. how it really is in person are 2 different things.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Waenkrisien
<Content>Welcome to SF. Great Hotel, Friendly Staff, Central Location Family of 4 (ch. 11  9) spent 4 nights here and from the moment we checked in the stay was wonderful. Front Desk staff and Concierge were very helpful. Our Rm308 Deluxe Dbl Dbl was located on Ellis St side with views of cable car. The hotel intself has been extensively renovated, very modern inside with charming facade. It is clean, beds super comfy. Got an internet deal 3 or more nights USD$127....great value considering you are in Union Square surrounded by great places to eat and shopping galore. You can jump on a cable car right outside to go down to Crissy Field or Fishermans Wharf. Sure the noise outside is a little distracting BUT you are in the heart of one of the world's busiest cities.......not home! Relax....your on holiday and enjoy the sounds of the city.This was a great introduction for our first family overseas trip.Would defintely stay again.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FanfareSF
<Content>Fabulous San Francisco Experience After attending a wedding in Saratoga at the Villa Moltalvo, our family's next day in San Francisco was marvelous. Our room was so beautiful, service very warm, friendly and professional. We particulary want to compliment the front desk staff - they gave us an enthusiastic welcome and made us feel they were happy to have us stay at the hotel. The staff shared the many wonderful things to do on a beautiful San Francisco day. While this was our first stay at the Hotel Union Square, it definitely will not be the last. All of the hard work with the hotel remodeling certainly paid off. We love the effect of the zebra lights in the halls. It is very old and so beautiful. We loved hearing the cable cars.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>vivianeq
<Content>Crappy, but tolerable My problems with this place are mainly that it was old and the rooms were tiny. Even though we did not have a room facing the street, it was very loud at night.Common areas: They smelled kinda foul, like the carpets needed cleaning. The morning coffee was icky.The room: It was very tiny - imagine a 10 ft. by 10 ft. box furnished with small Ikea furniture. The bed was a full or smaller, not a queen. There was barely any place for our luggage which only consisted of several backpacks. There was a fan and radiator, but no way of turning on the heat. At times we were cold. The bed linens were pilled (supposedly they were 600 thread count, but they couldn't have been all cotton). The duvet was like a white trash bag filled with feathers.The bathroom: The bathroom was also tiny. The sink was so small that it was difficult to wash your hands without getting water on your pants. The toilet made loud, scary noises after flushing. The shower was pretty small. The walls were a little crooked too.The upsides: Nothing appeared to be dirty. There was free Internet, TV, and a wine reception. The Internet was painfully slow, but the wine and hotel staff weren't bad.So overall, this is a budget hotel. I am sure many other downtown places have similar problems.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	3	-1	3	2	

<Author>Hi-Voltage
<Content>Avoid Stayed in SF as part of our US trip  for 2 days at the start  3 days at the end. 1st 2 days spent at the OMNI which was great, then mopved on to the 4 Seasons  MGM Siginute in Las Vegas, however we made the mistake of not booking a hotel for our final 3 days so booked this hotel with a travel agent in Las Vegas as most 4/5 star hotels were already full. Website photo's looked fairly good etc so decided to book. We arrived late(about 2200 hours) due to the car breaking down having driven from Las Vegas in 1 hit. So as you can imagine very tired. Were were advised the price quoted by the Travel Agent was incorrect  that the actual price would $269 plux tax per night. I complained but they would not relent. Therefore given the time of day we had no choice but to stay. The receptionist did say they would upgrade us to a suite the following day as a favourThe room on the 1st night was a shoe-box (room 409), very claustraphobic and boiling hot, totally unacceptable.We were moved to a suite the following day which was significantly larger. The bad points: poor lighting, room not adequately serviced (not vacuumed, no toiletries left after the 1st day,very small 1/2 wardrobe). The rooms have recently been renovated but not very well  it looks like a bit of a rush job.Hotel attempted to charge for Valet parking on 2nd night but after I advised them I had taken the car back the previous day they amended the account,When asked upon leaving if our stay was satisfactory I advised them it was not, however no explanations were offered and certainly no refunds.I blame myself for not booking before we left as all the other hotels were fantastic  highly rated by other TA members.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	2	1	2	

<Author>eckdofraser
<Content>absolutely terrible booked through hotwire. at reception they confirmed hotel reservation had been made for 1 night, we cleared this up easily enough. french receptionist told me my room was tiny (not best word to use i was thinking) would i like to upgrade for $30, my girlfriend asked is the upgrade charge for our 2 nights?! he said it was (now before you say i shouldve realised, we specifically asked him). went to room, it was boiling, seriously not acceptable, as we were there to do the touristy thing we let it slide. hotel is well located, cant deny it. and i loved san fran, 2 nights is enough though. checked out running late only to find we were charged $71, i didnt have time to argue, we had been charged 2 nights upgrade+ a local fone call of $3 and i didnt even get through, so as a previous reviewer stated the calls are definately NOT free. no apology was given for the mix-up, now that really annoyed me when i told them, least i deserved was a sorry for the mix-up. got home and called my credit card company and the hotel were still holding more money on my credit card than i paid for the room!!!! I emailed the manager who advised me of this. This did cause me grief later on in las vegas, I assumed $$$ would be held as a deposit or so but not in the region of $200 for 2 nights, that is totally ridiculous.my gripe in summary, room unbelievably warm and unacceptable, customer service appaling at check-in, check-out and via the manager himself. just poor and has left a sour taste in my mouth from a great stay in this city.try another hotel if you want a good nights sleep  no hassles from an inept manager  his reception team  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>iaclark
<Content>Do not stay here First, I would like to note that I do not complain about minor details with a hotel (bellman slow picking up bags, etc.) but this I can say was the worst stay at a hotel in my life and a total ripoff.When I arrived at the hotel, wearing a sweater because it was 50 degrees outside, around 10 pm I quickly went up to my room. The lobby is nice enough and everyone seemed friendly. Once I walked into my room I noticed that it was like a SAUNA!!!! I cannot emphasize this enough, I was drenched in sweat. There was an air conditoner cranked but it was not doing anything. I thought that it must just be the fact the AC hadn't had time to cool things off so my girlfriend and I went out for dinner. We came back 2 hours later and no change. I spoke with the front desk about the issue and their response was that they were full, would not give me a refund (I wanted to leave and go to another hotel) and that it was because my room was beside the boiler.Think of how absurd this is, this is a known issue, I paid nearly $200 for this room and this was the response I received.I cannot tell you strongly enough, do not stay here. We checked out at 7 am the next morning and would never go back.Again, think of how absurd my experience was, before you even think of booking here.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>utt959
<Content>very nice experience       room 420  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Gabriel10
<Content>"Must" lodging The Hotel Union Square offers many perks: windows that open, free phone calls, free internet access, free newspapers, free morning coffee, and free California wines at afternoon happy hour. Its unadvertised and better-kept secrets include regular cable car runs and a constantly surging sea of world travelers viewed from its second floor windows. The chaos generates many gem-like surprises, such as a perfectly harmonized, sidewalk serenade of Down by the Riverside by an un-miked male quartet, delivered on a gloriously balmy Sunday afternoon! I recommend this as must lodging if you enjoy cosmopolitan color and contrast. If, however, your accomplished art form is crabbing about life in a big city, stay someplace more boring!  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>izanutta
<Content>Great location, Good decor but rooms either noisy or small!!       trams turning near hotel  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>giannagianna
<Content>old building small rooms! Great location for all the shops and malls the hotel is literally surrounded by them. Weather was really nice during the day but got very chilly in the night TAs a boutique hotel, Hotel Union Square is basically an old building with renovated hotel rooms in it with to add modern amenities to an otherwise outdated building such as flatscreen tv's, ipod docks, and cool-looking furniture. The rooms does not look like anything on their website. Its like a totally different hotel. Our room was tiny, just he double bed and no wardrobe even something to put the luggage . No space at all! The room was clean and there was a good bathroom.When we were there in April they were making works at the first ans second floor . We were on the third and probably our room were fresh painted. What a smell!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>1	2	2	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>travel_jane08
<Content>Will be back       Bathroom ok - sink too small  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BBfly
<Content>Great location, good decor .... book a room high up! We stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and loved the location and the feel of hotel but have to recommend you ask to stay in either a room at the back of the hotel with a brick wall for a view .... or very high up on street side. ..... We were keep awake the first night by the cable cars and ding ding ding ..... would recommend though ... fun boutique hotel right in the middle of it all!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>illbethat19
<Content>Best service i've ever experienced! I stayed here for my birthday weekend and was absolutely delighted by the service i received and the overall environment of the hotel! The lady at the front desk actually sent a bottle of wine with a birthday note to my room. The evening wine reception was a great opportunity to converse with people from all over the world. I can't wait to visit this property again!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PaJazz
<Content>Fabulous Stay-Staff  The Hotel Union Square is a rare gem in the heart of San Francisco. I selected the hotel in October 2007 for a short stayover on my way to Hong Kong. It was nice, small, friendly and very clean. It needed some renovations, but still I was very satisfied. I completed an online survey of the hotel and received a note back from the owner telling me of the renovation plans and inviting me back at a discount. I returned in May 2008 and it was fabulous, newly remodeled top to bottom, incredible staff, great new decor and a complimentary bottle of wine!!! Very competitive rates and a really good deal. I will always return to this hotel when in my favorite city. Don't wait, make a reservation!!!!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>izoli76
<Content>not worth the trouble!       too small...  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	1	4	3	4	1	

<Author>erin_elizabeth
<Content>Loved this hotel! I recently stayed at Hotel Union Square and was blown away. The hotel has recently undergone a major renovation and it came out great. The room my fiance and I stayed in was referred to by the staff as a 'sleep and soak' room, which I was unfamiliar with but would highly recommend! It is definitely a room to stay with a lover vs a friend, and is on the smaller side, but tastefully redone to be like a sexy boudoir with a wall to wall stuffed headboard  a large soaking tub. The room and bathroom are done in warm brick reds and cream- refreshing and comfortable. I highly recommend Hotel Union Square to everyone!!  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>djnekokittie
<Content>Nicely Appointed Rooms, but Walls Too Thin The hotel is right in the middle of everything in Union Square and seems like it might not be so nice from the outside. However, inside, it is nicely remodeled and appointed. Our room had a comfy bead, cushy carpets, and modern Pottery Barn type furniture. There was also a flat screen TV and an iPod dock with speakers. The bathroom was just large enough. We stayed on the 2nd floor facing the inside of the hotel and we never heard anything going on in Union Square. We couldn't even hear the trolleys. However, the walls between the rooms are too thin. We could hear EVERYTHING going on next door to us. I think that our neighbors bed was placed right behind our bed. However, we might have just been unlucky that we got placed next to such uh...vocal...people. If you want to stay in Union Square, this is a great place. The people at the front desk are very nice and accommodating and I would stay there again.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>5Aussie
<Content>Boutique Hotel Very nice little boutique style Hotelgood central locationstaff friendlyBUTnot air conditionednil ice machines working on our floorscurrently in the process of renovationsit was unusually warm - hence we had the windows openall you hear all night is sirens  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	5	3	5	

<Author>ChrisLee33
<Content>Great Experience We booked their kid suite for our stay (first week of May) but since the room's renovation wasn't completed yet when we got there, they upgraded us to the Hammett suite which was like their best room! (Natalie is the best! Very friendly, very accomodating -- she should be promoted!)The hotel doesn't look like much from the outside (the frontage is literally just a door) but the rooms were great (modern furniture, flat screen TV) and the beds were SUPER comfy. And of course, you couldn't be more in the center of Union Square if you tried, the hotel is right beside H  M, behind Macy's.... shopper's paradise!Overall, even though the building may be a bit old (which I didn't notice), the interior's all newly renovated anyway, which is what counts when you're coming home from a tiring day sightseeing. Great stay, great location!  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>juststartedtraveling
<Content>Nice try       Room 606  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	5	5	1	

<Author>SDTraveler12
<Content>Great Location/Value My fiance and I stayed over the unseasonably hot April 12-13 weekend. It was my third time staying at the hotel in 8 years; the first time for him. I would never stay anywhere else in San Francisco (unless it's really hot- no air conditioning in this hotel because of the age of the building... usually not a problem given SF's climate). I am surprised by the negative reviews of this place. People, do your homework. If you are staying in a historical building built in the early 1900s, the rooms are going to be smaller and if you ask for a room on the street, of course it's going to be noisy. Isn't that the point of staying in the heart of the city, near Union Square? I love being in a small, boutique hotel, hearing the sounds of the city. If you don't, don't stay here. Simple as that. The staff is very friendly and helpful. We got great directions and advice. Loved the 5-6 free wine hour in the renovated and very metropolitan-chic lobby. Our room was the smallest I have had so far, with a tiny closet, small bathroom, and small room, but great new colors and decoration. Plus, what the heck do you need space for other than to sleep and then get ready to go out and see the city? The hotel is located just two blocks from the Union Square Bart station (very easy access from SFO- it was $10.70 for the two of us to get from the airport to the hotel), one block from the cable car turnaround at the end of Powell Street, one block from Union Square, and just two doors down from the Powell Street HM store (perfect for picking up last minute hats, accessories, etc.). Easy five minute walk to Chinatown (if you use Grant Street- it's flatter). Love the vibe of the area, not prissy, just relaxed and urban. Delicious Thai noodle house around the corner. We paid just over $100 for a Saturday night. Great location, great value, great vacation. I definitely recommend this place to anyone who wants to explore the city (rather than sit inside and demand room service). Happy travels!!  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SalopHatter
<Content>Really good experience We weren't sure what to expect as this was our first time in San Francisco. The hotel lobby doesn't look a lot like the website picture (a lot smaller than it appeared) so our first impressions were a little disappointing. However it got better from then on. Our room on the 5th floor was plenty big enough for 4 of us (but again we're used to British and European rooms which are generally smaller than in the US) and recently renovated - a modern look with stripped brick, flat screen TV etc. The bathroom was a little pokey but perfectly adequate. This is an old building so it's going to be a bit dark but they're doing a good job of remodelling. NB at the time of our stay this renovation was still unfinished and 2 floors were a building site; we didn't find this too intrusive but some might. It also made keeping the dust down a nightmare for the cleaners.Position-wise we loved being right in the heart of town. It was a bit noisy but what do you expect in the centre of a buzzing city like San Francisco? If you want a quiet retreat this isn't for you. It's right next to the Powell cable car turn-around and ideal for restaurants and shopping around Union Square, as well as museums such as SFMOMA and the Cartoon Museum. The staff were attentive, Tom the concierge was particularly helpful and the room was always clean. Negatives? The room had precious little clothes storage space for a family of 4 - it just needed a chest of drawers (which there was plenty of room for). We've mentioned this to the hotel and they've assured us this will be acted upon - only time will tell. Overall, though, I'd definitely recommend this hotel if you want to be in the heart of the city. We were very relieved to be staying here rather than, say, Fisherman's Wharf, which is tourist hell (and that's with 2 children - they loved their stay here); for it's location it's brilliant value.  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>joecpascual
<Content>A Diamond In The Rough! My partner and I came down last year around the end of June for Gay Pride 2007 and stayed at Hotel Union Square, not sure what to expect being our first time staying in a downtown San Francisco hotel, we were simply blown away and amazed with what the hotel had to offer. The d茅cor (at the time) was beautiful and inviting. The service was impeccable and all the staff were very helpful. This hotel is in a prime location, with literally everything at your fingertips. We have already planned and booked our next trip for this year鈥檚 Pride stay at Hotel Union Square and are excited to know that we can expect a newly renovated and modernized hotel. I would recommend this hotel to ALL of my friends and then some 飦?Thank you staff of Hotel Union Square!  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mandee30
<Content>Never AGAIN The rooms in this hotel does not look like anything on their website. Its like a totally different hotel,,,, Only booked this hotel as it was the only one left available the weekend we were there now I can see why. Our room was tiny and a very odd long shape. Not much air got into the room so it was very hot and that was September cant imagine how you would survive during the summer months with only a fan.... Unless you dont mind the heat you will end up melting in your room..... Great location for all the shops and malls the hotel is literally surrounded by them. Weather was really nice during the day but got very chilly at night so beware.. There was also a lot of homeless people on the streets but once you told them no or gave them some change they didnt bother you at all. Even with all the homeless about it still felt really safe. Pier 39 is only a short taxi ride away and worth the trip also did Alcatraz which was amazing.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>ellaminnowp
<Content>We enjoyed our stay       Room 601  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>BeerNBikes
<Content>Worked well for me I needed a hotel close to the Moscone Convention Center. When this popped up in a search, at about half the price of most of the surrounding facilities, I was intrigued and a little bit leary. The reviews here and elsewhere didn't really calm my fears. But, for three nights and with few other options within a reasonable budget, I decided to take a chance.When I was there, only a couple of floors had rooms open while renovations continue on the upper floors. My room on the second floor was small by contemporary American standards (and included only a small nightstand and an empty armoire with just enough space to walk around the bed). But this is, after all, a very old building and the space was fine for one or two people if you're not spending a lot of time in the room (and why would you in San Francisco?). I've seen similarly sized rooms in older hotels in NYC and European cities, so I guess size perception is a matter of location and expectations. And some of the rooms are larger (a colleague who traveled with me had much more space).The bathroom was about average size and the closet was actually somewhat spacious, although there was no dresser or drawers in the armoire so I wound up leaving some of my clothes in my suitcase on the rack in the closet. Again, it was okay by myself but would have been an irritant if my wife had been traveling with me.My room was not overlooking the street, which may explain why it was relatively quiet at night. Morning was another story...renovation work began about 7 a.m. most mornings, lots of banging. On a work trip, I was up anyway. If I'd been on vacation, I probably would have been out of there after the first night.The staff was very friendly, and helpful with the couple of small questions I asked.All in all, a mixed bag right now. Whether it would be a reasonably comfortable bargain in an otherwise expensive market (my experience) or a nightmare would depend on your needs and expectations.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	3	

<Author>KateTravs
<Content>Do yourself a favour... stay elsewhere This is really not a good hotel. For $160 we were packed into a room the size of a broom closet facing the street. The cable car and street sounds are very disruptive and when they do quiet down you have the plumbing from the hotel groaning and moaning all through the night. To make matters worse they were doing some construction on the top floor. They didn't tell us this when we booked in.Also when I was leaving I did a quick sweep of the room to see if I'd left anything behind and found a dirty pair of underpants from a pervious guest! Not good. When I told the zonked out receptionist he simply drawled That's unusual Ma'am . It is a hotel that lacks comfort, character and class. And for a city with so much to offer I suggest you look elsewhere. There are so many good places for the same money. We just lucked out.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Primrose67
<Content>Would not return I stayed at Hotel Union Square for one night in Jan, 08. My room was on the 2nd floor and overlooking the street. We stayed there because we thought we could walk to our conference site and the hotel did have an outdoor parking lot right behind the hotel. However, the room was very small and did not appear like the web page photos, not even close. Although the room was fairly clean, there was no clock and there was no phone map to show which button takes you where. My friend's room down the hall had no window at all and her phone did not work at all so she had to change rooms. We both decided we would not stay there again for the price and the unrealistic advertising. The front desk staff were nice but the hotel is dingy and has a lot of thing wrong with it, things broken, chipped tile, cigarette butts thrown outside the window and lying on the roof etc. etc. Did not make me feel relaxed or rested. Just wanted to leave asap.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	4	2	3	

<Author>JoJoMel
<Content>A mixed bag Stayed here end December 2007 and into the New Year. Website shows lovely Boutique style rooms, well, they're obviously not all renovated yet! Even in reception there are pictures up of nice rooms, you're lucky if you get one though. Our party occupied 2 rooms, both were small and nothing like the pictures. Our bathroom was dingey to say the least, fittings were rusty, bath grubby, cracked tiles, most of it bodged together with filler and very outdated. Got the feeling the whole placed needed a good clean. It all stinks of stale food too, think this might be to do with the noodle house next door. On the positive side, staff very friendly and location perfect for shopping and dining without the need for taxis. Complimentary tea/coffee/hot choc in the mornings and wine for an hour in the evenings was welcome and a nice touch too. Think I'd stay somewhere else when returning to San Francisco unless they refit the rooms or they can guarantee me one of the rooms already renovated!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	3	3	

<Author>golden_planet
<Content>The wrong room will do you in Confused this hotel with the Union Square Plaza Hotel, in which I stayed a few years ago, and am very sorry I wasn't more careful.I stayed two nights in room 220 and it was a dump. When we arrived we were given room 210. This was quite a big room and seemed quite and well appointed. Unfortunately it was not ready / clean and the cleaning staff had gone for the day. When we were taken to our new room it was terrible. Tiny, noisy. Truly awful. We went back downstairs to try to understand what was going on and were told that room 210 was an upgrade, but since it was not ready 220 was the only other room available. We would have made up the nice room ourselves but there weren鈥檛 even sheets on the bed. Needless to say we were very upset. We reserved over a month ago and could not understand how we were stuck with such a poor room. It鈥檚 clear from the first room we saw and other reviews posted that if you get a decent room you鈥檒l enjoy your stay, but if luck is not on your side you鈥檒l regret every minute your in the hotel room. Unfortunately there are far too many bad rooms (and they really are awful) and far too little control over which one you get to recommend this hotel. Besides, there are many other hotels just as well located that are in the price range and much nicer so why stay here?  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>Spatzthecat
<Content>I thought it was not so bad HiI stayed for seven nights this November and was surprised to find it was not as bad as some people think. I was on the third floor and had a view of the courtyard, ok not great to look at but quiter than it whould have been on the main street.It looked recently re -carpeted and the decor and furniture was ok, I must admit the bathroom looked a litte worn here and there, but it was not any worse than the Hilton Hotel I stayed at at Heathrow airport, that room needed redecorating and at least the windows should have been cleaned.My only gripes with the room are no net curtains to stop people seeing directly into the rooms when you open the curtains and they could do with better quality linen on the beds. The location makes this hotel above average.Staff were helpful and friendly, and the location is perfect, tram lines almost outside the door, a 2min walk to the Muni and pleanty of places to go to eat drink and shop.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>LUVtheNW
<Content>Great location. Great Value       Room, beds  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>ondgo
<Content>Great location for the price Stayed at the Hotel Union Square for 1 night on Nov. 3. The staff was very friendly, and very helpful. We stayed in room 403 which was facing the street, and the room was a good size. Our friends got room 420, and it was smaller than my bathroom at home. There was noise from the streets, especially when the garbage was being collected at 4 a.m. but, it was our choice to leave the windows open, the bells clanging from the cable cars was just part of the charm of S.F. There is no A/C, however, SF rooms doesn't usually need A/C, but it would be nice to at least have a fan. Parking was convenient since it was onsite, but cost $30 +tax (with in out privileges). A little cheaper next door for parking if you don't plan to take the car back out. Big downside was we had a do not disturb sign on the door, and housekeeping came in once and stripped the bed while we grabbed coffee, and knocked once again while we were in the room. They just need to be made aware exactly what that sign means. Overall, we thought the hotel was clean, not bad for a short stay.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	5	2	-1	

<Author>Turkbzerk
<Content>TERRIBLE, Just Horrible! Recently spent three nights with my wife at this dump....needs major renovation. It is nothing like their website...all the pics on the web must have been take with a wide angle lens...my room faced Powell street on the third floor and was the size of a postage stamp. All we heard was street noise and were force to sleep with the window open because there is NO A/C, I repeat, there is NO A/C!!! What kind of place has no A/C....very bad. We would have checked out, but every room in town was booked because major marathon in town. All I heard from other guest were complaints after complaints.....STAY AWAY!!!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	2	1	

<Author>mtnbikr
<Content>Nostalgia buffs would love this place. It could use some updating We stayed at the Hotel Union Square because it was close to the start line for the Nike Womens Marathon. Our room was clean enough with a large king size bed and reasonable size bathroom. It overlooked the 'courtyard and thus was quieter than the outside rooms. This hotel is full of nostalgia having been built at the beginning of the 20th century. It does show some signs of being old and tired however. Our room did not have air conditioning nor did it have a fridge or coffee maker. Not to worry, there was coffee in the lobby every morning and an endless supply of complimentary wine every evening. The staff was friendly and helpful and Tom the concierge went out of his way to ensure that our sightseeing adventures went well. Overall I would say this hotel was worth the money if you are willing to overlook the overall worn appearance of the place..  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>James19971
<Content>More like a brothel than a hotel It was dreadful. We had a corner room and the door to our room was opaque so you could see the outline of us if we stood near the door. I was so worried that the place may have had bed bugs that we place all our luggage on the bathroom sink and the toilet. The window in the bathroom (if you can call it a bathroom - it was sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo small) was open and could not be shut. I have stayed in some cleaner backpackers than this place. Read my other reviews, I am not a real fussy person - but this was just dreadful!I had a reservation for 4 nights, we checked out after just one night.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	4	4	3	

<Author>Greywanderer
<Content>OK for a short stay       View from corner bedroom window.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	3	4	

<Author>RepairmanCA
<Content>Excellent staff Great location with lots of character. Staff was wonderful!!!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>SantaRosaJan
<Content>What a Nightmare! My daughter just started college at a small private school in the Union Square area of San Francisco. As we live 2 hours away and she has early classes 2 days in a row, I decided to rent a hotel room for her for the night between her early mornings to see if this would be a good alternative to an expensive apartment and the very long commute.After reading reviews and checking prices, I chose the Hotel Union Square as it was reasonable and only 1 block from her school.( It can be scary and dangerous for an 18 year old girl to walk around alone in the city).I was able to make a reservation online, gave my credit card, was given a confirmation number, etc.The day before my daughter was to go to the hotel, I called the front desk to make sure everything was set and told the friendly person that my daughter would not have my credit card with her-would that be a problem. She said no, saw my confirmation online and said all was well. In addition, I had asked if my daughter could check in a little early, as their check in was 3 PM and she had a break between classes from 12-3. Could she check in between 12 and 2:30? The front desk person said it would probably not be a problem at all, they have a lot of rooms in her category, she should come over at 12:30 to see if she could get in.A few hours later I had another question and called the hotel again. After asking my question I again asked if there would be any problem if my daughter did not have my credit card with her. The male staff member was curt and seemed in a hurry and saidno problem, we will just charge your card you made the reservation with online when she checks out.My daughter went to check in at 12:30 and was told the room wasn't ready, come back at 2:00. At 2:00 she was told it wasn't ready, come back at 3:00. She told them she couldn't come back at 3:00, it would now have to be after 6:00 PM, when her classes were over.When she went back at 6:00 PM she was told she could not check in at all because she didn't have my charge card! I was at work and she couldn't reach me right away. When I got her message at 6:45 PM, I called her and she said that they had emailed me a form that I would have to fill out and fax , along with a copy of my driver's license and credit card, or she would not be able to stay there.!!!No one had told me , on the 2 occasions I called and could easily have taken care of this, that this would need to be done. In the meantime, they told my daughter she couldn't check in and she was there, in the city, walking around in the dark without a place to stay!I got home at 7:15 PM, opened the email, faxed the required info and called the front desk in a fury. Lance was at the desk and was helpful and apologetic. This situation was exactly what I was trying to avoid with all my phone calls. I was trying to make my daughters first days of college as smooth ,simple and safe as possible, and it ended up a nightmare! When my daughter went to check out the next morning, they STILL asked for my credit card!When I told Lance my story, he suggested I call the general manager's number and leave a message, that he would call me back the following day. I left a somewhat detailed message and was clearly extremely upset and said I needed a call back the next day, which I never got. So, I decided to share this experience with the people like me who use Trip Advisor, and recommend that no one use this hotel!The customer service is horrific!  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>1	2	3	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>gelaine3
<Content>Great Location       View of Hotel Union Square from across the street  
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	5	3	

<Author>HattieLondon
<Content>Fabulous location but poor room sizes Hotel Union Square Date: 10th Sept 07 Reviewer: Carol - London UK.Apologies for late review. Arrived from UK looking forward to our stay in the Hotel Union Square especially after seeing their website, extremely disappointed. We asked for a non smoking and quite room, we got room 425 on the 4th floor overlooking the car park, refuse to take this room, you could not swing a mouse let alone a cat in that room, it was the smallest closet I have ever seen, and the bathroom was smaller that a cruise bathroom. My husband immediately went to see about changing rooms, they then offerred us room 415 on the same floor - the bathroom was larger, the closet was walk in but still small just enough to put the cases in, but the room was still small, we had no drawer space hence had to live out of our cases. The coffee machine was on the top of the TV, but to make coffee the machine had to be placed on the floor because the flex wire did not reach the plug socket. The view from our bedroom was another guest's room, our windows were opposite each other so when they were in we had to close our curtains. The reception staff were helpful and friendly. But the location is excellent and right in the centre of everything. On leaving the hotel I asked how many of the rooms they had like the one on the website and the picture by the lift, the receptionist told me that they were doing up the rooms and the website is very misleading to guest booking that hotel. Would not ever go there again. The Trading Standards dept in San Francisco should investigate this hotel as it is totally misleading people who book this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AnonymousTravelerUsa
<Content>Awful -- One Star is Too Many Hotel Union Square is a zero-star establishment. This property is an antiquated dump in an excellent location. Untiil the hotel is renovated, don't waste your time or money.We booked the Hotel Union Square at $189/night because it was recommended in connection with a conference, because it was centrally located, and because the hotel's website presented it as a boutique hotel.The property's Union Square location was excellent, but it is in no way a boutique establishment, despire a renovated lobby and-- as of September 2007-- three (3) renovated guestrooms. Here's our experience for your edification.The first room we were shown (on the fourth floor) was perhaps big enough to swing a cat, but hardly sufficient for two. The furnishings were threadbare (indeed, downright shabby) and the room overlooked the hotel parking lot. But that wasn't the deal breaker. I had work to do on the computer and the (small) desk did not have a free outlet. We requested another room.The second room, a supposed upgrade on the third floor, did indeed have a (small) desk with an outlet. But the room had no windows and no air conditioning, although the temperature outside was in the 80s. The room also possessed an internal airshaft, which allowed the guest to peer into a Dickensian metallic contraption, and was downright creepy.Having struck out with both rooms, we checked out immediately. To its credit, the Hotel Union Square gave us access to its business center to enable us to book another hotel (the excellent Nikko, for a mere $40 additional per night). When I remarked to the desk clerk that the rooms we were shown did not match the advertising on the Hotel Union Square's website, the clerk commented I wish you would tell our marketing people that. A lot of people come here and are disappointed-- it's not what they expect.Our young and patient bellman had lugged our baggage from the parking area to the fourth floor, to the third floor, and back to the parking lot. We tipped him for the service that he'd provided, and apologized for our rapid check-out, noting that we were not the type of people who usually checked out of a hotel upon arrival. Said the bellman,  Don't worry, it happens all the time.Don't let this happen to you, at least not at $189/night. Avoid this dump until the promised renovation is completed, and do find out in advance if your room has air conditioning if you are booking for the warmer months.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>Girl-from-Calgary
<Content>Sufficient for us We stayed at Hotel Union Square for 5 nights during the last week of September. The hotel is exactly what I expected. We booked online after I made sure I looked at other people's reviews on Trip Advisor. We ended up paying an average of $226/night which I find pricey for this type of hotel but there was a large convention the same week we were there so the prices were higher elsewhere. It had to suffice considering a 4 to 5 star hotel was well above $400/night. We just needed a clean place to sleep and shower and we got that.It was clean for a boutique hotel but it does show its' age. However, knowing this location is renovating, signs of wear and tear were reasonable.We stayed in room 601 on the top floor facing the main street. Just outside our room door was the ice machine. There was hardly any noise from this common area. No worries at all. This was a non-smoking room, but it does have cigarette stains around the sink, but we couldn't smell smoke at all. The noise wasn't that bad from the streets. We mostly heard the cable cars ringing their bells. We brought earplugs just in case but I didn't have to use them. This particular room had no ceiling fan, no AC and no desk. It did have wireless internet, a small stuffy closet and a reasonably sized bathroom but the toilet kept on running every few minutes. On the first night we filled out a comment card regarding the toilet but no one acknowledged us. We got use to it and just kept the bathroom door closed. The fan didn't work in the bathroom, but that wasn't too big a deal. There is only one elevator but the wait isn't that bad. The hallway to our hotel room always had a funky old smell which I wasn't fond of. The location of this hotel is awesome!!! It's very centrally located. Nearby are: Wallgreens, DSW, Sephora, Blondies Pizza, Tad's Steak House, Bangkok Thai food, HM, Cable Car, F-Train, Westfield Mall, etc... Everything is within walking distance.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	2	3	5	3	3	-1	5	

<Author>Leentje666
<Content>Tiny rooms, Great location The room was so small, we couldn't move around our suitcases easely, but we did have a lot of luggage since this was only the beginning of our trip, we still had 2 weeks ahead of us...I requested two dubble beds, but we got only twins. Didn't complain at the front desk, we left home 24 hours earlier, were tired and wanted a shower and any bed to sleep.There was a closet large enough to put away our luggage, which is a plus in case you have 3 large and two small suitcases.There was a coffeemaker in the room, but complimentary coffee is served in the lobby every morning. The room has no AC, only a ceiling fan. I cannot imagine that an AC is needed in San Francisco...The bathroom was also very tiny. There was no bath tub, only a real shower! I like this better then a bath tub with a shower curtain, it's much cleaner. There was also a hair drier and a little welcome gift :-)As I mentioned earlier: coffee is served in the lobby every morning, as well as every afternoon (5 - 6 pm) complimentary wine is served. I know a thing or two about wine and the ones they served (white chardonnay and red cabernet sauvignon) were not bad at all.There a laptop computer in the lobby for guest use.The staff was very friendly and helpfull.But the best about this hotel is price/location. It's an affordable hotel on a top location. It's nearby a bart-station, near a turning platform for cable cars, accross the street there's a wallgreens, around the corner is an Irish Pub, the nextdoor Thai is also recommended (it looks kind of weard, but check it out!!!)My general conclusion: don't expect the four seasons, you get what you pay for... plus a little extra in this case... a great location!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>zee2a
<Content>Their website is DECEPTION I have real mixed feelings about this place. The location is absolutely brilliant. Right in the heart of the downtown action; between the start of the powell line cable car and union square. The room was clean. BUT the linens are threadbare; the bathroom (shower that you cant turn in), loo and basin in a room the size of a shoebox; closet teeny tiny; no aircon, just a roof fan and open windows (smoke smells and noise central!). The price was excellent and we were really taken in by their impressive website = It is professional and the pictures are just wonderful. What they dont tell you (until you are actually in the lobby looking at a display of their PLANNED renovations) is that the photos on the website are prototypes / artist impressions for what they are planning to do next year! There is no breakfast incl, but at least they do have free wifi in all areas.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>juliejeffries
<Content>Friendly staff and nice central location I won my stay at this hotel so can not comment on value for money. I would stay here again but only when the rooms have all been refurbished which i understand is happening later on this year. We did get a glimpse of one of the reburbished roomsand it was lovely. Unfortunately we were in a smaller room with not a lot of natural light so it seemed very dark. But on the plus side its in a great location especially for shopping and cable cars, the staff are really helpful and you get free wine every evening! There's also car parking facilities. I think how great your stay here is definately depends on the type of room you are given.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>fixou
<Content>Below expectations We have been staying at this hotel for 2 nights mid of september. Although the location is great as you are in the heart of SAF, we have been disappointed by the level of quality of this hotel. It presents itself as a cute boutique hotel which is how it looks on the website, however the reality is not. Room was tiny, deco was average, cleaning was it is minimum levels. It depends what you are looking for in yuor trip but don't expect to stay in a real boutique hotel, you will be disappointed as we were.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>erinmarietx
<Content>Dirty, Dark,  I can't believe I booked this room at a rate of $189.00 per night.. I must have had the same room as the reviewer from Germany. The staff was nice enough but this place smelled horrible, had ratty bedding, and no air conditioning. Noisy room with a view of a brick wall. Since there's no air conditioning all windows in hotel were open which allowed for cigarette smoke, sirens, and other guests noise to float right into my room. If you are a woman traveling alone I would avoid this place. The doors were not very secure and there was so little staff in the lobby there's no way they had any real security. This place was so bad I left after the first night and moved into the San Fransico Marriott a few blocks away.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	1	

<Author>TarheelTraveler81
<Content>Cute hotel in the middle of everything This hotel is right in the middle of all the action. The lobby is simple and probably true to its original form. They have nightly wine hours in this lobby. The hallways are long and narrow, like an old apt building. Our room was facing the main road, but it was surprisingly quiet. The bathrooms are clean, which makes me very happy. It's a great place if you don't need a lot of space, and are looking more for location than luxury.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ukrednek
<Content>No complaints, quite a few compliments We stayed here for 5 nights, end of August. We are a family w/ two children (5,7) and stayed in the family suite w/ the room ajoining. The hotel is in a great location, but it does get a lot of noise from the street. We faced Powell St., so we pretty much had the worst of it. Fortunately that doesn't really affect any of us, but you really should keep that in mind when asking for a room. The kids suite was great. Even though we weren't in the room that much, when we were, the kids kept busy playing with the games and gadgets (great idea, don't know why all hotels don't have this choice). I didn't have a problem with the decor (to be honest don't really remember much about the furniture) and the staff were really good. We'd definately stay here again if we go back to SF.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jo580
<Content>Fabulous I really loved this hotel. It is 2 minutes from the BART station which is great if you've just got off a long flight. The room had really cool furniture and was decorated well. It was clean and had a fab view of the trams on Powell Street. The tram bells are noisy but I really liked that, just take ear plugs! The location was excellent, the staff were really friendly and I'd definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lyniel
<Content>Really pleased Myself, my partner and antother couple stayed at this hotel on 24th June 2007. We stayed there for 3 nights. We were really pleased with all aspects of our accommodation and would definitely stay here again. After enduring two very long flights we were relieved to have somewhere nice to recuperate. The hotel, especially the rooms, were very clean-bedding, towels changed regularly etc. The rooms were kitted out well in terms of appliances-hair dryer (very important lol), iron, coffee maker etc. The bathroom was very clean and the showers are fab-very powerful. In terms of location the hotel was great. The tram station was directly on our doorstep and it took a single short route to Fisherman's Wharf. The trams cost $5 per person, one way and is something everyone should experience when going to San Fran. The hotel is also very close to the 'F' bus which costs hardly anything at all. This also takes you to Fisherman's Wharf but also makes stops at the various piers. We found this useful when visiting Alkatraz (this is also a fantastic, unmissable trip).The hotel is also a 3 minute walk away from Bloomindales, Maceys and Tiffany's. Also, cycling across the Golden Gate Bridge is a must. Hire your bikes from Fisherman's Whalf and clyle alsong the side of the water to the bridge which usually takes about 45 minutes.At nights we could often here the noise from ouside but this is to be expected from a busy city, it added to the mood and it wasn't enough to keep me awake at night even though i am a very light sleeper.The hotel reception staff were extremely welcoming, polite and helpful. They suggested some lively spots and bars to to go to at nights as well as restaurants. There is a complimentary wine reception ecah day, in the hotel reception, from 6pm.Unfortunately, our stay was just for 3 nights as were were travelling onto Yosemite, Monterery, Santa Barbra, LA and then Vagas. We hoped that the following accommodation would be just as nice.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Crankee
<Content>Not So Square Hotel Union Square       Very comfy beds  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kwinkydink
<Content>Just Wonderful!! We last stayed here about 18 years ago! We had a great stay then and were happy to come back due to the hotel's fantastic location one block away from Union Square. Since our first stay the hotel has had a makover (or two possibly,) and the reception area has been completely modernised. I totally echo the comments made by Cibo01 in a previous review regarding decorations - they are so unimportant. We found the staff to be really helpful and pleasant - no problems there at all. If you visit in the Summer I would recommend a room with a ceiling fan overlooking the car park. It's pretty quiet and you can leave the window open for air.I hope it won't be another 18 years before we go back!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Cibo01
<Content>Great location for the budget conscious So you've read the mixed reports and yes they are probably all correct. The staff are really friendly and helpful, the location is excellent, the rooms are comfortable, you get lots of goodies but yes the paint work is tired.So if you are worried about how many layers of paint are on the walls, or that you need a modern bathroom then don't stay here. However, we would have no hesitation going back, the rooms are clean the linen and bedding is really comfortable and as long as you ask for a quiet room, we had a really good nights sleep.Its got a really homey feel despite the unusual decor but it is more like staying at your grandparents than in an inner city hotel. We stayed on the 3rd floor and had a ceiling fan, it might have been a hot night if we had not had a ceiling fan so maybe ask for a room with this if visiting in summer.For the money you couldn't ask for a better placed hotel, only a block to Union Square, the cable car to the water stops nearly outside and the turnaround for the cable car is about 100 metres down the road, although the queues are a nightmare during the day.So if you are on a budget but want a good location and a decent night's sleep, look no further!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sally063
<Content>A Gem Of A Hotel  This is my second stay at the Hotel Union Square and both times were delightful. The rooms are very comfortable and come with loads of goodies. The parking is very easy and the staff is always welcoming and helpful. The most surprising thing is how quiet it is and the relaxed feeling you get as soon as you enter the tastefully decorated lobby. Surprising because this little hotel sits right in the heart of San Francisco's shopping district - within easy walking to many stores, great restaurants and entertainment. I look forward to my next stay at Hotel Union Square.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CelineBrussels
<Content>Lots of compromise for great location Our travel agency in Brussels booked us into this hotel and was too late to change. After listening to the advice of other members, we decided to ask for the room facing the courtyard on the upper floor. The room we were given was on the top floor (6th floor) Room no. 622 (?) standard room with double bed . It is very small and the bathroom is very old fashion and dim. The bed is small but comfortable. There is no net curtain and if you open the curtain, people in the opposite room or in the hallway can see directly into your room. If you draw the curtain, it is dark as the curtain is rather thick. There is no air conditioned but fortunately in late June it is not too hot. Location is excellent and staff are friendly. However the concierge double as bell boy is very snotty. I passed by a twin room on the same floor - it is big and rather nice.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>tami01
<Content>Avoid it no matter how centrally located it is ! We鈥檝e stayed at the hotel for the first days of our trip across California and the Southwest. While our travel agent and the website of the hotel gave us some confidence, that the place is not a tourist trap, we found it one of the most fishy places we have stayed at throughout our trip: A dark room, where you could not fall on the floor as the walls have been narrow enough to keep you up, a bathroom my grandparents might have seen in their parents鈥?home, a window towards the courtyard which gives you the feeling of staying in a prison cell and paper-thin walls, allowing us to follow most of the activities of our neighbors next room. Staff at check in and out is friendly and the location nearby Union Square is good, but we are sure, there are a couple of other hotels in this area with better rooms and amenities.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>Grant_George
<Content>Nice place to stay overall. Okay, if you have read the other reviews then you probably don't know what to make of this place. It's not the typical American hotel with huge rooms and massive beds. Its got character and it's not a new building so yes it can have a few quirks such as musty smells and a bit of faded paintwork. But hey, it's not the end of the world is it?The hotel staff were very friendly and always cheerful in our experience. There is complimentary tea and coffee every morning AND wine in the evenings. Just get their early because the other people staying there with us were very thirsty! Also a nice bag of free toiletries in the bathroom and a gift card for the jewellers next door (use it and see what you get)Our room was facing the street so we got woken up a few times by the seemingly very busy SFFD and the bin men but again, stay in the city, expect city noises! The other bonus was that it was fairly cheap to stay there. It's well placed for getting around town as the cable car goes right past the front door down to Fishermans Wharf.We would stay there again but might ask for a room away from the street!!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	4	3	5	4	4	

<Author>MissTravelAlot
<Content>Hated it ! I really hated this hotel. Its touted as having character which seems to be code for run down and smelly.Our room stank so much that we had to go across the road and get scented candles and burn them. Even the hallways smelt.We had some sort of weird bathroom it may have been for disabled people? Im not sure.Our travel agent booked this one for us and I think here in lies the problem, they dont have to try as hard when theyre in all the travel agent broshures. I looked this hotel up on trip advisor before we left for our trip and wasnt sure about it, I wish Id gone with my instincts and booked somewhere else...  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jennt
<Content>Kids Suite Rocks!       The single bed in the kids suite  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>elle55407
<Content>Blech!! From check-in to check-out, this is the worst hotel stay I have stayed in to date. I arrived after midnight and felt like I had just entered an establishment that maybe rented by the hour. The carpeting in the lobby looked like a parade had just gone through. Absolutely filthy. The room was dirty and smelled like sewer. Hair and shavings all over the bathroom sink and floor. And when I opened up my bed, there was more of the same. I slept on top of the bed in my clothes and covered up with my coat. I had booked a double room via their website for $109.00. (A single room was only $89.00) But my room was only a single. Complained the next morning regarding both the conditions and mix-up on my reservation, and when I returned that evening, they had cleaned the room and removed the sink drain from the wet bar. (I assume that is where the sewer smell was coming from.) That same morning, staff was seen arguing with guests and then apologizing profusely to them for being so rude. That evening, the phone in my room was mysteriously out of order. Maintenance could not get it fixed and did offer to switch rooms for me. But it was already after 9 pm and I was afraid to take them up on it for fear of getting another really dirty room. I checked out the next morning only to be confronted with a bill that still reflected a double room rate. I told them via their own website, this room was offered at $89.00 a night. The clerk was VERY SNOTTY and said no-way do they ever offer rooms at that price. (He was right...when I got home, they were offering it for an even CHEAPER PRICE!!) He very reluctantly agreed to bill me at $89.00. He was very condescending about it. Since my flight did not leave until late, I checked my bag in with the concierge. I came back three hours later only to find my bag still sitting right next to the concierge desk, right next to the front door. This is downtown SF!! I saw several homeless people walking in and out of the hotel at all hours. And there sat my bag. When I mentioned it to the clerk, she was very rude and said, We keep our eye on your bag at all times. Which was amazing, since I had stood at the counter for 10 minutes without anyone looking up or acknowledging me while they took phone calls and talked about restaurants with two other guests. When I arrived home, I complained to their management. Who offered NO DISCOUNT for my troubled stay, but did offer one free night if I ever came back. (Because they know no way would I ever take them up on it.) Dirty hotel. Ugly staff to match. What the heck are these other reviewers thinking? PS - I travel alot. Read my other reviews. You will know this hotel has to be pretty awful to get such a negative review.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>audball
<Content>Great Location..Ask for courtyard facing room. We booked this hotel for the weekend and got a great rate from Travelzoo ($89 a night). Checkin staff were friendly and efficient.The PROS: The best thing about the hotel is its location. If you enjoy shopping, this hotel is probably in the best possible spot. It is also a block away from the BART station so getting to and from the airport is a breeze. The hotel is also close to bus/tram stops that take you to all the major tourist attractions and restaurants. The hotel is in the central tourist shopping area so it is safe to walk around in even at night. The bed was pretty comfortable and the room was small but clean. For $89 a night we were happy with the room. Its definitely not the Four Seasons but for the price we thought that it was definitely worth what we paid for. We also like the free wireless internet and free coffee in the morning.The CONS: Make sure you ask for a Courtyard facing room. We were given a room facing the street and the garbage truck come in at around 2am and somehow the banging did not stop till 5am. Then the sounds of traffic and the tram starts. We brought ear plugs cause we knew this might happen. But I can see some people get extremely irritated if they do not come prepared. The next night we transferred to a courtyard facing room and it was very quiet. The hotel is in a fairly old converted apartment building so there is only one elevator and the layout of the rooms is a bit weird at times.Nice extras-There is a Walgreen across the street so you can easily buy snacks, drinks, etc. if you need it. The room we got had a bag full of travel essential samples and it did come in handy. There is an Enterprise Car Rental place 1 block away at Hotel Nikko and we were able to rent a car there and drive to Sonoma for an overnight trip.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>gikkiegirl
<Content>Great Value Overall, Would stay there again This hotel is a great bargain for the location. It has great access to public transportation (the cable car runs right out front) and the bus line and underground are only a two block walk away. Yes, it can be noisy, but I think that's par for the course with an older building. Ask for an interior room and the noise is greatly cut down. Don't worry about missing out on a view, as all you would really see is the street even if you were in an outside room, the sacrifice is well worth it. The staff was overall very helpful and friendly. Tom (contrary to some other reports) was wonderful and offered great advice.The room was very clean, the beds comfy and the little toiletries and sample packs were nice. There were also a couple of complimentary bottles of water. There isn't any air conditioning, but the room was very comfortable with the windows open.The hotel has free wireless access all over the hotel, a laptop with internet access in the lobby that is free, morning coffee and a free wine happy hour from 5-6. While you are in San Francisco, be sure to check out Beach Blanket Babylon in North Beach. This was a great show, well worth the price and the wait (you need to get there well in advance to get a good seat). Also, the Ferry to Sausalito provides a great view of the entire skyline and Sausalito is a nice place to window shop. If you are in on a Saturday, stroll down to the Farmers Market, the assortment of fresh vegetables, fruits, breads, cheeses, flowers, etc is wonderful.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnandMonica
<Content>Good Down-Town Budget Hotel Easy to find, got the Bart from the Airport, short walk up Powell Street to Hotel. Very friendly welcome from Reception, offered a noisy or quiet room, went for the quiet option. Room was adequate, Purple Doors must be a San Franciso thing! Bathroom could do with a bit of TLC, but was kept very clean.Stayed for three nights, enjoyed the Wine early evening as was the Tea  Coffee in the morning.Excellent location for the Cable Cars and Shops of Union Square, good Restaurants in close vicinity. The Trolly Buses at the end of Powell Street were cheaper to Fishermans Wharf than the Cable Cars ( no queing)If we came back to San Francisco we would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>BcIntrepid
<Content>Sleepless in San Francisco On the plus side, the location can't be beat  the staff were as friendly  helpful as any I've encountered anywhere in the world. The room was so small, there was no wardrobe or dresser in which to put our clothes - lived out of a suitcase for 5 days. Didn't mind that much as I had no great expectations given the price/age of the hotel.The noise level  lack of ventilation nearly ruined the whole trip however. The walls, doors  windows are paper-thin; the noise level was worse than anything I've ever experienced. The room was very stuffy due to its' size but with the window open for ventilation, the noise level was astonishing. By the end of 4 nights, I was almost delerious from lack of sleep.If this is the best you can afford, then buyer beware. If you're just trying to save a buck, cut back somewhere else  stay in a better hotel.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	2	4	5	3	

<Author>lalaboss
<Content>You must stay there. I have just returned home and I can't wait to share my good time in Union Square Hotel. It was my last destination in San fran of my around the world trip. Budget accommation must be my target as money shouldnt have left much. Price of union was relatively cheaper than in Sydney three stars hotel (I am working in three stars hotel, so I am quite informative in prices and quality ). With the cheap price offered, i would not expect much more than a bed for a good sleep. Suprisingly, it is much higher than my expectation. i was checked in a room in the central of the whole building. It was quite spacious, with a lounge and bed area on different sides of the room. A welcom kit has all sort fo needs which i reckon not many hotels would provide. Housekeeping and all staffs are very professional. room was cleaned thorughfully and flawlessly exspecially in toliet. . Awesome location makes your time saved. coffee and tea provided every morning from 7am to 10am. micro wave to reheat food and ice machine is also ava. Check out time is at 12pm and i requested a late c/o till 1 pm. The best moment was when i got my bill, it was only less than $85 US per night incl. tax. what a great value for money. The only downside is noise. noise in room facing powell st ( cable car rail) is unavoidable. you should request a better room when you book. will definilty stay there next time.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>akvalleygirl12
<Content>Very THIN walls... I found this hotel very difficult to find. Mainly because I have never driven in San Francisco before, but also cause of the very small front of the hotel and I simply lucked out finding the parking for the hotel. But, that is downtown SF, there is nothing anyone can do about that! The location was great once I found it and was parked. There is AMAZING shopping all around it, and I loved it. As for the hotel, it was okay. Nothing great. Our 2 windows which were tiny looked at a vent shaft. There was zero air circulation in it, but there was a fan in the closet. It is a very old building and I understood that coming in so while I was initially disappointed I got used to it. My main complaint about this hotel is the extremely thin walls. I know there is nothing they can do about it because it is old, but if I had kids there is no way I would take them here unless you want them to hear extremely loud sex at 2am. My boyfriend and I were both sleeping soundly until we were woken up by someone around us being very loud for about 15 minute at 2am. We waited it out but in hindsight I wish I would have yelled to shut up or at least stop faking it! :o) Would I stay at Hotel Union Square again? No. I would shell out the extra $$ and go stay at the Marriott right down the street or one of the other cute boutique hotels in the area. The location is great but the hotel is so so.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>MaggieFerret
<Content>Can't wait to come back I needed a mid-winter escape, and didn't want to be stuck in the usual generic hotel room. From the minute I got to the Hotel Union Square, I knew that I'd made a great choice. I loved the original art in the halls and in my room. Although my room was small, for one person it was fine, and warmed up quickly when I turned up the heat. It looked more like a bedroom than a hotel room, with funky, homey furnishings. Sometimes the old steam pipes were noisy, but it didn't bother me. The staff was friendly and professional, and Tom, the concierge, was the absolute best. All I had to do was ask about walking tours of the city,and before I knew it he'd assembled a fat stack of schedules and routes for me. He also knew the best places to get whatever kind of food I was in the mood for. The wine receptions in the evening were a nice touch, as was the coffee in the morning. The hotel's location at the end of the Powell Street line makes this a great base for touring and shopping, since it's close to the visitor center, the cable cars, the bus lines, and BART.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Seat24A
<Content>Good price, but... I stayed at the Hotel Union Square for one night in Feb. 07. It was a last minute business trip and this was the only hotel available near the Moscone Convention Center (about a 10-15 minute walk). The hotel was described to me by a co-worker as 鈥渂outique-y鈥? which is a nice way of saying that it鈥檚 not quite what I鈥檓 used to. My room was very small, and the shower in the bathroom was downright tiny. The furnishings were kind of funky and cool, but the walls/doors are not sound proof at all. I could here every alarm clock, phone call, TV, etc. from everyone on the hall, so a good night鈥檚 sleep was out. It reminded me of some of the older hotels I鈥檝e stayed at in Europe (and that's not really a good thing).The one bright spot was the lobby. The d茅cor is cool, there was complimentary wine at happy hour, and the belldesk was very helpful with directions.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>V.V.Hartford
<Content>Great Service with Character Great location and ambience, but outstanding service is what made the stay special. Tom Steele, the concierge, was fantastic helping out with some complex business arrangements and was spot on with dinner recommendations during a very busy week. The housekeeping was fabulous as well. The bathroom absolutely sparkled each day. Noise mentioned in other reviews was a complete non-issue anywhere other than the very front of the hotel. You'd have to expect some noise streetfront in one of the busiest spots in the city, wouldn't you?  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Hildancer
<Content>Don't Bother Our stay at this hotel was one of the worst hotel experiences that I have had in a long time. When we got there we were given a room on the 2nd floor directly next to a room that was under renovation. The contractors banged, sawed and let profanities fly until 6 PM that evening. They finally left after we complained to the staff that we had had enough and would like to lie down and try to relax a bit before dinner. This was after the power to our room was cut off so the electrician could wire the outlets next door. Additionally, the heat in our room didn't work and the bed was as hard as a rock. As we finally got to sleep early in the morning hours, there were patrons running and shouting through the hallways. I would rate my experience on par with my days back in the college dormitory. When we checked out, I was expecting an apology or maybe even an adjustment on the hotel rate but nothing. Never again would I stay or recommend anyone to stay at this hotel. Too bad since the location is awesome.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Renoite
<Content>Great Hotel, Awesome Location Great Small Hotel, Very Neat and clean, They have an awsome Kids Suite. The suite is decorated in Primary colors, complete with childrens table set up for coloring and games. Acomputer is available for the children to watch movies or play games as well. the adults area contained two double beds and a T.V. Very comfortable decor and beds. The hotel location is awesome closed to Trolly turnaround, the metro and just a block from Union Square.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Marsea
<Content>Good for the price but noisy I stayed at the Hotel Union Square this past long weekend and had a great time with some friends. It is in the middle of everything -- DWS Shoe Store was directly in our view and HM right next door. If you want shopping this is the place! It was also about a block away from the trolley which takes you all the way to the pier. With that being said, the trolley can get a very noisy  annoying in the mornings  street traffic picks up tremendously. All the cool bars  hidden but good restaurants are not in that part of town so you either need a generous San Fran friend to take you or call a cab. The hotel it self has a lot of nice character and everything is efficient. The only other thing I would mention is the heater does not warm the room as it should (it was too small).  
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Tyners
<Content>Where the action is! Our family of four spent a couple of holiday nights at your hotel and we loved its proximity to the trollies, the best shopping in SF, and excellent choices in food. The Hotel Union Square is a really neat old downtown hotel with a very modern feeling. The people-watching from above Powell St. is an added bonus. The staff was great and we enjoyed our stay very much! The Tyners Ventura, CA  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>ems33
<Content>Close to it ALL! Well, my boyfriend and I had just come from a beautiful resort in Napa so this place was a change in scenery. Although the room was small, with thin walls and no view there were many other things that made up for this. We literally walked out of the hotel into the action of Powell St., the hotel included a small special package for us with bottled water, nice lotions, hair rubberbands, sample Emergen-C, toothpastes, deodorant, etc... Nothing huge but I like free stuff! :) The staff was friendly and there was hotel parking lot in the back! No walking down the streets with luggage!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>Jen_and_Rob
<Content>Cute, cheap, close to the action... You guessed it... its an old hotel with thin walls, and there will be some noise from the street (you do know this hotel is on the cable car turn around, don't ya). If you need a little more peace and quiet, book a courtyard room... you won't hear much street noise from there.Room was small but cute. Service was top notch and the concierge was more than helpful. Location couldn't be beat. Free WiFi, coffee...We enjoyed our stay.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	3	5	5	

<Author>a.p.1017
<Content>location doesn't make up for the insolence, noise, fake perks, etc. Well it's pretty much on Union Square, which is fine but it's like staying in Times Square in New York... it isn't exactly a realistic slice of life here. But it's close to some great shopping, etc. We booked a very good rate, and our room was small. The staff was a combination of rude and unknowing. The bathroom was so small that if I was 3 pounds heavier, I would not have been able to fit in it. There was a baggie of cheap shampoo samples - the kind you get in a magazine that you throw away. That's fine but if you're trying to foist that on me like you're doing me a favor, save it - i'll take some halfway decent toiletries (of which there were none) instead.But all this was no problem compared to the noise. The USC Trojans were in town the weekend I was there, and the walls were so paper thin that when a bunch of boozy alumni was having a lame mating-dance outside of our room at 3:45 in the morning, it was as if they were sitting next to my bed and talking. it was SO loud. I told them to take it somewhere else, and so they went one floor down to continue their lame party, but I could still hear it. And during the night, I could hear each person getting into / out of the elevator near my room in great detail. I can deal with some noise, but this stuff added up so much, along with the sub-par amenities, hard bed, small size of room and bathroom, that I felt pretty miserable by the time I checked out.The next night we went to the Diva - it's in the same hotel group and it's so much better. I savored the quiet so much, as with the comfortable amenities, and it was about the same rate. So bottom line, this hotel has a lot of bad reviews for a reason. If I had to do it all again and I was given a tempting rate for this boutique hotel - I would heed those reviews and opt out!!! My suggestion is that it's easier to handle being a bit farther away from Union Square than having the USC Trojans bark at you through your onion-skin walls. Try the Diva or the Carlton - similar price range and its a better place. .  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	3	2	1	1	2	

<Author>Lozski
<Content>light, airy, noisy - loved it Stayed at the Union Square for 5 nights and thought it was an above average, average hotel and would stay there again.our room was 408 and was bright and fresh, great hot shower (not bothered by the small bathroom), beds and pillows were comfy and there was room to move, so didn't have the problems the other reviewers had. the room was noisy at night - it's in a busy part of town, so if you are not used to living in an inner city you WILL need ear plugs (or sleep with the windows closed). Didn't need the staff, though got polite smiles and hellos from them as i passed. Thought the location of the hotel was fabulous. very easy catching the BART in from International Airport (get off at Powell and only 50 metre walk up the street - cost $5.10). Streetcar goes from right out the front, short stroll to other transport so very wasy to get to other parts of town as well as the tourist spots. good diners across the road for breakfast.would stay there again no worries.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Chuck1975
<Content>Average Hotel - Good Location We stayed at the hotel for 2 nights. It was not too far from the airport approx 30 mins and $40 dollars. On the first impression the reception area/lobby was well presented. Staff were helpful and friendly. Our room and bathroom was small and view was non exsistent. Location was good. Close to cable car turn table so it was easy to get around.On our first morning was had breakfast at Tads (resturant next door) which was recommended by Hotel staff, wish we hadn't bothered it was awfull.On conclusion it served it purpose but was average.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>zski
<Content>Not exactly a gem I stayed at the Union Square Hotel for 2 nights in October 2006. My business trip coincided with a 40,000 person convention and a marathon, so the stay was during a peak weekend and I was lucky to find the room for under $200. If I had to travel to San Francisco again, I would only stay at the Hotel Union Square if it were again the only place I could find. Here's why:The hotel is old. Nothing wrong with that, however, little has been done to update the facilities to provide for modern conveniences, save for the free high speed wireless internet. The water pressure was low, the bed was average, the decor was spartan, and the bathroom was quite small. A tiny desk was provided which contained a coffee maker, the ice bucket (along with a few drinks that were for sale) and was also meant to be used as a work space. It was not really useful for anything due to its size and number of functions that it was supposed to perform.Again, the bathroom was small and the toiletries provided were average at best. For some reason, I had a bag which included a Harlequin romance novel and a woman's razor included in my provided toiletries (thanks for the free stuff, Union Square Hotel, but I'm a guy).The location was VERY convenient, both to BART, the cable car lines, and the F streetcar. Many attractions are also accessible just by walking. Although the location is great, not much has been done to insulate the rooms from the noise of nearby union square.I paid just under $200/night for this hotel. If I hadn't been staying during a peak weekend, I would say that was an outrageous rate, however, given the circumstances, I'd say it was fair. For any time of normal demand, I'd say that anything less than $120 would probably be a good value.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BellaFromLA
<Content>Good location with rooms that have a lot of character       The door to room 228 with paper window coverings  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AlTri11
<Content>Won't go back I was a bit leery after reading other reviews, but I figured, at this price, I'll survive a bit of inconvenience. I was wrong. Even though SF was in a cold-snap, upon arriving in my room, it was stuffy and uncomfortably hot. The window in my room opened to a parking lot, and would only stay open when propped up with my notebook. When I asked for a fan, they said b/c my room had a ceiling fan, they didn't have one for me. The beds were tired (springs would go bioooo-ing, when I shifted my weight (which is rediculous, as I weigh approx. 120lbs.), and the bathroom was so tight I had to straddle the toilet to close the door, in order to reach the light switch behind it.All this being said, the location is fabulous, and when I asked the hotel staff to leave my window open during the day, the room was more tolerable. Bring ear plugs and your patience.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	3	2	

<Author>victoriakate
<Content>Awful! I stayed here with a friend 2 weeks ago. We specifically booked a 2 double-bed room via expedia.When we checked in (at around 3pm) we were told that they had no 2 double-bed rooms left. When we questioned this, we were told that expedia had sold us a room that was not available and that there was nothing they could do. They proceeded to show us two rooms- one was tiny with a rickety glass door, the other was dark and dungeon-like with no windows. As two girls travelling together, we really wanted a room that was safe, and with 2 beds so that we could both get a good nights sleep after a long flight from england.In the end we took the dungeon-like room as we were too tired to argue any more. We were promised a 2 double-bed room the next day....When we went to reception the next day, they told us that there again were no 2 queen bed rooms. They again showed us some really rickety and small rooms. In the end we settled for a small double room with an extra camp bed. This room was ok but very small, with a shower that didn't work and a random cupboard above the toilet that opened out onto a chute with a pile of dirty towels at the bottom.Interstingly for the rest of our trip around california, we had no problems getting the 2 double-bedrooms we'd requested via expedia and they were much bigger and generally cheaper than union square.In summary, the location of this hotel is good and the free coffee each morning is nice. But the unhelpful staff, the poor service (we overheard other guests with similar complaints), the musty corridors and the unpleasant small rooms make it a place that I'd really not recommend.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	5	3	1	1	3	

<Author>NIRS3
<Content>Stayed as part of a tour This hotel is extremely well placed right in the middle of the shopping area with easy access to eateries for breakfast and dinner.It is an old hotel which is very clean and nicely decorated in an old but pleasant style. The rooms were the smallest on the tour but were perfectly adequate although one or two people changed their room due to a noisy location(at the front of the hotel) or because they had been smoking rooms, A nice touch was the provision of some essential items although the ladies razor was of little use to me.It has access to a restaurant but I do not think it belongs to the hotel - breakfast there was fine and a reasonable price but we preferred the betty boop diner across the road.The jazz restuarant around the corner was great for dinner and the music - moderate price.The best thing about this hotel apart from the very reasonable price is its location. Ideal for the trolley cars which terminates just around the corner and the F route trolly bus which takes you down to Fishermans wharf. We walked through Chinatown down to the crooked Lombard Street then walked back to the hotel after the trolley bus unexpected stopped at the markets on the pier(Due to a march in market street)  
<Date>Oct 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>Anajr
<Content>All good things Some of the reviews already posted weren't great so we were a bit worried but the price was right and location seemed good so we booked anyway and it payed off.Location literally could not be better - right in the middle of things at Union Square but also less than a 2 minute walk to all public transport.Actual hotel was great too - it's old so it has a lot of style but it's kept in excellent condition and is nicely decorated.Staff were overly helpful with luggage lost by airline and all other questions we had.This was the best find of our trip!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	3	4	

<Author>BelahThereon
<Content>Noisy My husband and I stayed on the third floor in a room with a view of the cable cars. I will start with the positive. This is a great location and it is really exciting to look out the window and see the cable cars as well as being a few blocks from Union Square. The hotel room is decorated in a trendy way. The negatives are the lack of air conditioning which is probebly not a problem most of the year, but it was when we went. The room was very small and the bathroom left much to be desired. The bathroom had a toilet that had trouble flushing and someone elses' hair was on the shower walls when we arrived. Perhaps some of these could be overlooked except it was impossible to sleep. If you could fall asleep with the noisy cable cars and traffic (we could), you wouldn't be asleep for long. Trash removal happens every night, multiple times. It is terribly loud because there is so much concrete that makes the sounds echo. While the location is great and the rooms are trendy, don't stay here if you want any sleep.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	5	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>crnold
<Content>Beautiful Hotel, Great Price My daughter and I stayed at the Hotel Union Square August 11 through 13th. Although it was very warm for San Francisco, (I even got a sunburn!) we were quite comfortable in our room. We used the ceiling fan and it was more than sufficient. Everyone at the hotel was friendly and had great shopping and dining suggestions for us. Although I couldn't figure out how to designate that we wanted 2 beds on the website I booked through, they had no problem accommodating that request. Our room was cute, clean and comfortable. The decor throughout the hotel is beautiful and it was great to stay in an old building that looks old-fashiond, and is historical but feels fresh and clean.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>heartsnbones
<Content>Great Stay I stayed at the Union Square Hotel over the weekend and thought that the place was pretty nice for the price. I'll list the honest pro's and con's about the hotel:Pro's:- GREAT location. It is right where all of the action is and not to mention 2 doors down from H  M and places to eat.- They had a really nice staff. - We got upgraded to 2 queen beds, a nice surprise.Con's:- The room smelled a little strange, almost like the windows were closed for too long, but with the help of windows and a fan, the stuffy smell went away and it didn't bother us anymore.- The street was really noisey but noise comes with the city. Luckily we stayed towards the back of the hotel.Overall, for the price and the location, I was really happy. We didn't encounter any problems while we had our stay at the hotel. You can't expect the Ritz-Carlton, this is a place to take naps and lye your head at night. I would definately stay at the Union Square Hotel again. And if you're planning on going to San Fran soon, BRING A HEAVY JACKET! It was freezing in August!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>epmitchell
<Content>Great experience We stayed at the Union Square Hotel July 8 through the 14th. We were very happy with the location, the proximity to all forms of transportation and the ambiance. The staff were friendly and the rooms were comfortable and clean. We were in a double and the bathroom was huge. You can tell that it is an older hotel but that added to the charm. Restaurants of all types and price ranges are close by including an excellent (and CHEAP)Thai noodle place right next door. We had originally planned to stay near the airport, and are so glad that we changed our minds and paid more in order to be closer to the action. The concierge is very helpful with scheduling tours. My family (myself, husband and 15 year old daughter) would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mchavs
<Content>Great location, price and staff We just returned from our stay at the Union Square Hotel. We were there for one night over the busy fourth of july weekend. I wasn't sure what to expect given the reviews and budget cost. I was very pleasantly surprised with what we received - courteous and friendly staff, excellent San Francisco location and a simple yet comfortable room. You can't expect the Ritz Carlton but it has lots of character. If you don't want a cookie cutter hotel but want something with history and charm, I would definitely stay at the Union Square Hotel. There are tons of restaurants nearby, who needs air conditioning it's San Francisco, and wireless internet throughout the hotel makes it easy to stay connected. This hotel is no more noisy than any other. I highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ClimbWithKids
<Content>They try but fail This hotel has many cute features and their parking lot, once you find it, is convenient HOWEVER this hotel has many difficulties to overcome and I simply cannot recommend it. First, I requested a quiet room at booking but at check in was told the quiet rooms were unavailable. The hotel upgraded me to a larger room on a higher floor but it was still unbearably noisy. I couldn't sleep until after 3 am due to the cable cars, buses, foot traffic, trash pick-up, etc. The upgraded room wasn't much of a consolation, either. The bathroom was tiny and not nice and in general, the room was poorly remodeled. On top of all of this, there is not air conditioning. Sure, in San Francisco you can open the window and things cool down....but not when your room faces Powell street and you want to sleep!! The staff was friendly and I like the interior brick walls, but it just isn't worth the lack of sleep, the hot room and the ugly bathroom.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Foddye
<Content>Solid hotel with a great location I was surprised by the Union Square Hotel. I knew that it would be in a good location (right on Powell Street, just a block up from where the trolleys are turned around and sent back up), right off Union Square, and in the heart of the shopping and tourist district of San Francisco. I figured for the price I was paying, and given the location, that something would have to give. Actually, my room, though small, was fine. The bed was good and the hotel offered free wireless internet, which I thought was awesome. There was even a nice gift bag in the bathroom with toothpaste, a granola bar, hand cream, and other nice touches. This is a good hotel with great value for the money. It's not the nicest place I've ever been to, but it's got a great location, the service is friendly and helpful, and the rooms are just fine. I would definitely stay here again, and have recommended it to other people who want a reasonably priced hotel in San Francisco.  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>ICU/ERnurse
<Content>Directly on the Cable Car Line       Powell Street Cable Car Line  
<Date>Apr 7, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Affordable SF Hotel Spent 3 days, 2 nights at the Union Square Hotel and absolutely loved it. We got a great deal through the reservation line ($79/night) and later found out that there was a huge convention in town, and that we were incredibly lucky to get a room at all, let alone such a great rate.The location is unbeatable - we took the cable car from our hotel direct to Ghirardelli Square in less than 15 minutes. Within walking distance of fantastic restaurants, shopping, and San Francisco sightseeing.We had heard about noise complaints, so we asked for a courtyard view room and it was completely silent. The room was small by American hotel standards, but we really didn't spend too much time in the room and it was more than adequate.I have stayed in all the major upscale hotel chains across the country, and by no means is this hotel meant to compete - but if you're looking for an affordable, clean, well-maintained hotel in a great location, this is the hotel for you.One last thing - the staff was one of the nicest I've ever experienced, and this includes all my stays at nicer, more upscale hotels. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>JennandRob
<Content>Positively Perfect! Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights in March. We picked this hotel because of price and great proximity to all sorts of transportation. The hotel is right on the Powell Cable Car line, and just a block from the BART and a ton of bus options.The rooms were cute, small, but just roomy enough. The decor is very vivid and totally fitting for this boutique hotel. The double beds in the room were really quite comfortable, although the water pressure in the shower could have been better.Tom, the hotels concierge is a true gem! He laid out what transportation routes would best fit our travel plans and gave us some great tips on what to see. His personal service was unlike any other I have ever received!Overall, I would certainly stay here again. Price and location were perfect, right in the heart of Union Sqaure.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A San Francisco Treat! I loved staying at Hotel Union Square. The hotel rooms are darling--GREAT style! The staff was very friendly--a big help pointing me in the direction of fun things to do in the city. The location is excellent--right in the heart of Union Square. I will definitely return, again and again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Avoid This Hotel First, I reserved a price for a particular room, bed, and floor prior to my arrival. When I checked in I was told by a very rude, unhelpful front desk lady that my room was no longer available. After reviewing the newly appointed room, I realized this was unsatisfactory for a multiple night stay. I called downstairs and spoke to the front desk, she said she would check around for more suitable rooms and get back to me. Miraculously , her mananger found a room that was almost exactly what I had previously reserved. Unfortunately the hotel they put me in was now a smoking room. Next problem was this place does not have A/C. I repeat, this hotel does not have Air Conditioning. Some rooms don't even have ceiling fans, just small portable fans. The two rooms that I observed only had one small window with no breeze because of the close proximity of the builidings. The rooms are small, but I understand that because of this hotel being a boutique style hotel. Furthermore, there are only two ice machines on the 3rd and 6th floors. The ice machine on the 6th floor was out of order the entire time. Seeing that there is only one elevator here, I found myself hiking up and down the stairs frequently. Upon checking out, I was charged $10 for a pay per view movie that I never subscribed for or watched. Later I got that removed, but no answer was given as to why the inaccuracy was on my checkout statement in the first place. Along the same lines, I found another inaccurate charge of $~50 on my statement. That was remedied as well but not for the entire amount. At this point, I was just glad to be exiting this hotel. To end on a positive note, the hotel concierge and location is nice.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>travelHI
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed two nights at this hotel and would stay there again - definitely. I had a room on the 5th floor (6th was smoking) and faced the street. Room #503 was large (10-12 foot ceilings), had a separate sink and vanity, window in the bathroom (shower/tub), and two large queen beds. There was plently of room. The only downside was the noise. The cable cars are directly below your window and the trash is removed several times in the night. I didn't sleep that well the first night but had no problems the second night. The inner courtyard rooms, while quieter, are smaller and darker and face a set of windows across a very narrow space. Definitely the rooms facing hte street are the best. The staff is knowledgeable and very helpful and friendly - one of the highlights of my stay.The location is perfect - just a few blocks to Union Square and all the attractions nearby. It's an easy walk to Chinatown and even to North Beach (the Italian section). It's just a few miles walk to Fisherman's Wharf.The hotel is clean, safe, and comfortable. I paid $119US for the large double queen room - a real bargain...  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Kai-17
<Content>Great base for a SF vacation We have just come back after a week in San Francisco, and had a very pleasant stay at this hotel. The room we had was fine, small by American standards, but what you would expect to find in Europe. It was clean and comfortable, my only complaint was that it was hot in the room, the weather was great when we arrived in San Francisco, and with the heating on we found the room uncomfortably warm, but this was easily remedied by opening the window. The room also had a ceiling fan. We both loved the feel of the hotel, and the way it was decorated. The front lobby does look good.There was free use of a safe deposit box, and also free use of the internet, plus lots of complimentary goodies in the room, and free coffee every morning on the second floor. What more can you ask for!The hotel is in a great location, with the cable car stopping right outside. You are surrounded by great shopping, and while there is no 'fine dining' in the immediate vicinity, you certainly won't go hungry as there are dozens of places to eat within a short walk from the hotel.Before going i was a little concerned by some of the reviews i read on here, but i have to now wonder what some people expect! This was a great hotel, with really nice staff. We would have no problem staying here again.As for San Francisco, its the coolest place ever!  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Chaz1202
<Content>Union Square Hotel, 114 Powell Street My Girlfriend and I have just came back form staying at this great Hotel. 114 Powell Street. The location to all forms of transport, and the value and service we recieved, makes this hotel a standout for me. The room was large, and cozy at the same time, the decor of our room was fantastic, kind of like a NYC loft. The Hotel Lobby has jsut been rennovated, and looks awesome, and the staff couldnt have been nicer, or more friendly. I can understand why people have had problems with the noise of the cable cars clanning there bells at all hours, but personally i thought it was part of the fun of the room, so either ask for a courtyard facing room, or do as i did and put in ear plugs that you get on your flight over.To sum up, loved this place, and wouldn't hesitate in going back, or telling people to go there.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a great deal My husband and I stayed here for one night. We came to town to see friends for the holidays. The people when we checked in were extremely nice, they helped us with our luggage and then my husband took the car to there lot, it is around the block but has a back entrance to the hotel. The package we got was 109.00 and included parking, and in san francisco that is a deal. The room itself was small, but not unusal for san francisco. It was decorated well and the bed was comfortable. The bathroom was clean and came with a nice ammenity bag. The location was great. Easy to catch a cab on Geary which is one block up and the cable car can be caught right out in front. I have stayed in san francisco many times and for various reasons. I would not pick it as a place for my romantic get away but I would stay here again when coming to visit friends. Oh one issue, I wouldnt stay here in the summer although hot days are rare in san francisco they do happen and this place is old and has no air conditioning. Just a window and a radiator. Worked out well for us in the wineter, our room was cozy warm, but not sure I would chance a summer stay.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal!! OK so I was up there for the USC-Cal game, aka. the USC Weekender. I get to the desk and they were out of the two doubles I booked, so they gave me two queens! SWEET considering we had four people. The lady at the desk was really nice, and she bowled me over with:-FREE high speed wireless internet. YES FREE not $10.00 a day or any of that crap-FREE CHAMPAGNE in the lobbby from 4-6!!-Free care package in your bathroom: toiletries, vitamins, etc.The location is excellent. DON'T be fooled into staying anywhere in the tenderloin....west of powell street is a REALLY nasty area, even a block over on Cyril Magnin is like night and day nastier. This place has a great location. The Hilton two blocks over is actually in the [--]....just STAY AWAY from the Taylor/Ellis area.Parking is expensive at the hotel (29/nite) but hey that's how it is everywhere in that area. We were late checking out, no problem.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>horrible experience. walked in by owner while changing. I just got back last and was completely disappointed. The worst part was my girlfriend was changing in her room and the owner of the hotel entered the room without knocking and my girlfriend was completely unclothed. We continuously asked for some type of compensation and there was none. All they said was you can leave knowing I paid for all the nights already. It is a very dirty place, smells, and one of the workers tried to intimidate my girlfriend by getting real close to her and telling her there will be no compensation. We did not even get an apology from the owner. There are several other hotels in the area for the same price that are safer, cleaner, and better quality rooms. Just uncase you do book, bring your own shampoo.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>EmmaBea
<Content>Great Location for shopping Very nice hotel right in the middle of all the shops in downtown San Francisco. Hotel is also right next to the cable car stop so its easy to get about the city.Room had modern style duvet cover and was clean and tidy with a TV and coffee making facilities. Whilst the hotel was not 'luxury' it was certainly more than adequate for myself and my boyfriend as we did not spend much time in there. Ok, the view from the room onto an interior courtyard was not great, but it really didn't bother me! There are also free internet facilities at the hotel which was a bonus.I think if I stayed in San Fran again I would stay in a hotel in North Beach, just because it was nearer the nicer restaurants (Little Italy) that we visited each night. But Union Square was very good and literally right in the middle of the shops, its just that there was not very many places to eat around there, apart from Burger King etc. Felt perfectly safe returning to the hotel at night though as the area was busy with lots of people.Visit to Alcatraz is a must, but be warned, San Francisco is actually quite chilly, even in Summer, and especially in the evenings - I think due to the fog the city gets. So definitely take your jeans and a proper warm coat.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Smurray
<Content>Great Value, Great Location I just got back a couple of days ago from staying 3 nights at this hotel. There were 6 of us total in 2 rooms. My room had 2 queen beds and was very spacious. We were on the 3rd floor facing Powell St. Yes, there was quite a bit of noise, but it was very much typical City noise. We heard the cable car bells and they would unload deliveries at the shoe store across the street it seemed like at all hours. The hotel is old, has some unusual odors in the hallway, however, I still think this hotel was a great deal and would recommend it to budget-minded travellers. The location was perfect. We could catch the cable car at the corner and take it all the way down to Fisherman's Wharf or Chinatown. (Hint: If you take the cable car to Chinatown, get off at Washington and then there is a downhill walk, coming back to the hotel, you can walk down Grant all the way to Union Square and you will miss having to walk uphill to get back.) Also, there is a ton of shopping all around the hotel, a nice Irish pub around the corner and a Starbucks at what seemed like every corner. Also, Walgreens is across the street and that was really convenient for last minute bath items or to buy some bottled water for the room. This hotel is not The St. Francis or the Fairmont, but it was a great value hotel. My other friends were in a room with 2 double beds facing the back, There room was quiet, but was much smaller. For 3 or more people, I would definielty recommend spending the extra $20 and getting 2 queen beds. Our rooms were cleaned every day and we also felt very safe. (Another hint: you can take the BART from either airport to the Powell St Station and you are about a block from the hotel, easy walk.) This hotel does not have all of the bells and whistles of a luxury hotel but it definitely met our needs! Hope this review helps! Go to San Francisco to experience its personality not to stare at the 4 walls in your room!!  
<Date>Sep 6, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than I expected This is a very well located and reasonably priced hotel. The rooms are clean and the staff nice. It is located in a quite noisy street so if you can book a room not facing the street, that would be best. It is not a stilish hotel and the sheets are a little rough, but overall this is a decent hotel. I would certainly go back.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terrible Place to Stay You thought San Francisco smelled like urine in the city but wait untill you walk down the halls in the Union Square Hotel, the smell will make you want to vomit. At least on the city street you get the wind to blow away the awful smell.This hotel just felt dirty, dirty, dirty; especially in the rooms. The pictures that you see on their website must be airbrushed. This hotel is inexpensive when compared to others but beware you pay for what you get.The noise from the street will last until 2:00 A.M. and it starts back up around 6:00 A.M. There are better hotels in downtown S.F. than this one and when you see the words great location well to be honest with you they all have a great location.Stay away from this hotel; I will never stay here again and I will tell my friends never to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wondefrul Stay I've stayed at hotel Union Square for the July 4th week-end. Quite frankly , it exceeded my expectations. I was really afraid to appear in a dump, after reading reviews about it. The hotel was pretty nice for the price I've paid for it, with a great advantage over other hotels: LOCATION. Awesome location, it is right in the heart of Downtown area. That was the best location you can actually find. I had a  junior suite facing the Powell Street. The room was pretty spacious, with high ceilings and windows, which is not common for hotels in SF, usually the rooms are pretty small. All of the windows were facing the Powell Street, and you could actually hear the sound of the cable car passing. Overall, I'm very satisfied with this hotel, as well as other hotels owned by personalityhotels chain ( I've stayed at Diva 2 years ago, very modern and nice), and I will definitely come back. And, of course, special thanks to Mr. Peter McNamee for all his help!  
<Date>Jul 13, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Enii
<Content>Liked this hotel!!! Very small rooms (European style) which are very nicely decorated. The location is the best thing about this hotel, it is literally at the Powell Street BART stop. Found the staff to be very helpful and friendly. Perfect hotel if you are the type of traveller who just uses the hotel as a place to lay your head at night and then heads out for the day.  
<Date>Jul 12, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointed I was extremely disappointed with my recent stay at the Hotel Union Square. The only reason why I booked my stay there on Saturday, June 11th, was for the Girls Night Out Package as advertised on the Personality Hotels website. I called the 1-800 number for San Francisco reservations, booked a Suite at the Hotel Union Square with the Girls Night out package in March 2005. I had rechecked my reservations at the beginning of June and was told everything was okay and all I had to do was go to the hotel for check-in at 2 pm.I was impressed with the lobby area and was quite excited to see what our room/suite would look like with our Girls Night out package. All was going okay, even though I had to wait a bit to check-in (which was fine with me as I was excited for our room) and once I had the keys, a couple of us went upstairs to drop off our bags and relax. I was disappointed when I didn't see any of the items I was expecting, though I assumed they would arrive later in the day as it was about 2:45 pm. Unfortunately, the items never came, I was told no where on my reservation that I had this package. I was then told that if I had some document that listed the Package the front desk could help me - though I later found out that one of the other girls had inquired if we could just 'buy' the rest of the package and the front desk said no, it had to be ordered in advance.I don't understand why the front desk would tell me to produce the documentation of the package ordered, and then, not even have the appropriate package items to provide to me? I have not dealt with a more non-customer service oriented front desk area in my travels as I did at Hotel Union Square on the afternoon of June 11th. I do not stay in San Francisco hotels as I live in this city, but I thought it would be nice to do so for my friend's bachelorette party, but the Hotel but a damper on our day as I had to take time out and go to my house and look for paperwork. The Hotel Union Square staff in no way attempted to accommodate my inquiry in the least bit - I was really quite surprised and as I have said, disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerNYNy
<Content>Used to be charming... I stayed at this hotel during Easter, for three nights and I had been there before, in 2002 for one full week. The hotel has been renovated a few years ago, adding modernized features to the old building (new mirrors, furniture, carpeting, lighting). The entrance to the hotel is charming and looks spacious. The rooms are of a reasonable size. The bathroom is a bit old looking and rather small. I should mention that I asked for a non-smoking room facing Powell and none of my requests were granted.The hotel itself is an average 3/2 star hotel. However, there are a few things that make this hotel outstanding (and, in fact, made me come back): first, location. Union Square is the place to be when visiting San Francisco. Surrounded by shops, there are plenty of cafes and bars where you could enjoy a nice jazz-live evening or a coffee. All the main attractions are at walking distance or very closely (Chinatown, the seaport...). Otherwise, the public transportation system works pretty well. In addition, there are plenty of rental car places just around the corner from the hotel.Another advantage of staying at this hotel is that the cable car runs down Powell Street, just across the hotel. If you are able to get a room facing that street (numbers 1-10, starting with the hundreds, 101, 210, 304, for example), you will get all the charm of San Francisco and you will be able to hear the cable car coming down the street.Finally, two years ago, the hotel used to serve fresh donuts and coffee on every floor... Although I was expecting that treat this time, the concierge told me that, for budget reasons, it is no longer the case... What a disappointment! As regards to management, I have to say that I was charged 100 dollars on my AMEX from another hotel of the chain to which the Union Square Hotel belongs (I made a reservation through their website). Although I tried to contact the manager in several occasions, he was not responsive at all and right now, AMEX is dealing with the dispute.Overall, I had enough charming experiences with this hotel... Next time, I will go to a better (obviously more expensive) charming hotel.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KathleenLisson
<Content>great location, service I just got back from a week in San Francisco. I stayed in room 304 at the Union Square Hotel. I highly recommend this hotel, the room was large and clean, furniture classy, large artwork of both Mission Dolores and a synagogue over the beds added to the ambiance. Full bath, plus vanity and sink outside of bathroom. Windows open about six inches, and there is a radiator to keep the foggy cold at bay. I liked the street noise, never too loud to sleep but you get to hear the cable car rings and occasional music from the street below. The nice extra was free coffee and tea on the 2d floor, perfect for stopping by before you leave and when you come back. The location cannot be better. 1 block from union square, BART powell station and the streetcars on Market and on the cable car line. For a quick meal, Tad's steakhouse is right next door, they serve huge steaks in an informal cafeteria setting. Of course there are lots of restaurants nearby, and great sourdough from Boudin. The visitors center by the BART station sells city passes for $40, you get museum tickets and unlimited cable car and streetcar rides. This is the best deal, you will thank youself for getting it.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Mona216
<Content>Not Too Bad!:) This was a cute little hotel distinguished not by the rooms which were a bit shabby but by the excellent helpful service from the staff. No wireless internet in rooms but there is free access in the small Business centre downstairs. The rooms, though a bit dated, were very well maintained daily, no complaints there! Location- absolutely prefect for shoppng and sightseeng near to the malls, good restaurants and just up the road from a cable car stop.My only difficulty with this place was how THIN the walls were! I was able to hear my neighbours with embarassing clarity...that bit needs some work! Bring your earplugs or prepare to blush!Overall a very plesant stay and I would definitely reccommend this place to the discriminating traveller on something of a budget.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Smokey Quaint Old Hotel in Grate Location Just spent a weekend at this hotel right on union Square. Old, stylish structure and small, but nicely decorated rooms did not make up for the old cigarette smoke smell that permeates every hall and room. I guess 80 years of smoking cannot be removed by some fresh paint and I have come to expect a fresh-smelling room when I reserve a non-smoking room. Electricity and Cable failed twice on Sunday, and the cable cars can be heard constantly on Powell Street as they go by from 6 AM to 12 midnite. If you go, request a room on the other side. The hotel advertizes wireless internet, but be prepared to only access it in the lobby... it's not available in the rooms despite the insinuation it is.I will not go back.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A little on the shabby side We stayed at the Hotel Union Square early October 2004. Its position is second to none - great to be able to walk to all major shops or jump a cable car up the famour Hyde-Powell line. We were however disappointed in our accommodation. Firstly they didn't have the room we booked over the internet and so we had to settle for a twin room that was TINY, i mean REALLY TINY. The room smelt very musty and the lightly was pretty dim. We also found the staff quite abrasive and unfriendly and the concierge very unhelpful and narky at us because we had pre-book many things over the internet (really! we only had a couple of days and needed to be sure of being able to get in to particularly places or on tours - and besides it's not his right to tell us how to book or get narky at us - no tip for them!). Put simply, I wouldn't stay again and wouldn't recommend it.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will stay here again! we got this hotel on a travel deal included in our trip and have NO complaints at all! the concierge was extremely helpfull and friendly, the counter staff were fine too!YES it's old the bath chipped and the rooms not big, but we only slept there and the bed was better than the one we got in an upmarket hotel in Las vegas afer thatThe DO have non smoking rooms, and the rooms at the back are quiet, no view but you are only there to sleep!Location is absolutely the best there is  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay at Union Square Hotel We were a little concerned about what to expect after having read some of the reviews on this site, but we were pleasantly surprised. Not only is the Hotel Union Square in a great location, it's clean and comfortable. Our room was small but it had everything we needed. We asked for a room at the back so it was not noisy at all. The atmosphere is pleasant and staff very friendly. I would not hesitate recommending this place to anyone, and I wouldn't think too much about some of the less favourable reviews - the place made it for our stay in San Francisco.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dark and depressing This hotel is what they call a personality hotel. I guess the personality of this one is dark and depressing. When you make reservations, make sure to ask if your room has windows that actually let sunlight in.The room I got had two little cracks that opened up into a hole down the middle of the building. No light came in at all. The artificial lighting in the room didn't help much either (they were terribly low wattage). I had to have all the lights in the room on at the same time to keep myself from going into a major blue funk.There's no AC in the rooms, but it never got uncomfortable (I'm used to hot weather, though, so your experience may vary). There was a little fan in the closet in case you need it, along with an iron and ironing board.The staff was nice, and the concierge was very helpful. The location is right in the middle of Union Square, with lots of huge chain stores and restaurants. A half-hour walk up Powell street takes you to Fisherman's Wharf, where you can take tours to Alcatraz.Parking was $33 a night right next door. It included in and out, and there was a valet. You can park on the street until 2:00 am, but you'll get towed after that. Overall, my only problem was that I felt like I was inside a poorly lit closet. Unfortunately, this destroyed the whole experience for me.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grazie
<Content>Location does it for me Basic hotel in a great location. If, unlike me, you don't like the clanking of the cable cars then book a room at the back. Otherwise get yourself a room at the front overlooking Powell, open the window and use the cable cars as your wake up call. Very atmospheric.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent service I've stayed here twice. Yes, it's an old building. Yes, it's on Powell Street and it's noisy at night. Yes, no A/C, but the windows open and the hotel never claimed to have A/C. The hotel is a bargain for it's location. But that isn't reason enough for a return visit. Here's the reason I will always choose the Union Square or one of its sister hotels when I stay in SF. When I stayed there last February, I went across the street for breakfast on my last morning in SF. On my way out of the restaurant, I fell down a flight of 17 stairs and broke my shoulder. I was travelling alone although I have friends in the city. From the ER I called my friend who contacted the hotel. The front desk made sure that my luggage was packed and had completed the check-out process so that I would not have to do this when I returned to the hotel. Additionally, the hotel front desk contacted my airline to arrange for a later flight. The entire front desk staff were incredibly helpful and solicitous.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Great Experience   showReview(2479110, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, HORRIBLE concierge   showReview(2317029, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>reegieluigi
<Content>Great value, great location, AWESOME concierge   showReview(2298617, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CatK78
<Content>Loved Hotel Union Square   showReview(2219113, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 24, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Right in the heart of San Francisco   showReview(1783144, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ABQgurrl
<Content>A real rotten egg   showReview(1737350, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Friendly-Helpful Staff   showReview(1644154, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful location!   showReview(1525919, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Service at Hotel Union Square   showReview(711783, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rainbowroad
<Content>superbe hotel situation top       bureau  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>splendide !!!   showReview(20550124, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ㄣ偄銈炽兂銇屻仾銇勶紒   showReview(20752532, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Fouduroi
<Content>H么tel tr猫s agr茅able       La salle de bains  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sauber, aber laut   showReview(18532238, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>CaroetNico
<Content>Superbe situation       l'hotel vu du dinner en face  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Id茅alement plac茅 pr猫s d'Union...   showReview(13308073, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瑕嬨仧鐩伅鑹亜銇с仚銇?#x201d;   showReview(19168039, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍠厵鍙?#x201d;   showReview(19166926, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cronista-xna
<Content>Muy buena relaci贸n calidad/precio   showReview(8885660, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 24, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂嫥銈併仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19164338, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr zufrieden   showReview(11455437, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Zu Hause im Zentrum von San Francisco   showReview(11394477, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel Union Square- A Personality Hotel / San Francisco   showReview(11358021, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Top Lage; gutes Preisleistungsverh盲ltnis   showReview(11358020, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈堛亱銇ｃ仧銈?#x201d;   showReview(19157257, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 2, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉︺儖銈兂銈广偗銈ㄣ偄   showReview(19155194, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒╃敤銇椼伨銇椼仧   showReview(19929881, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>浠婂洖銇梾銇偟銉炽儠銉┿兂...   showReview(19919867, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 23, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

