<Author>rfung2328
<Content>Cockroaches!! Beware of this hotel - we checked in and there cockroaches in the closet and washroom. They apologized and upgraded our rooms - thank goodness that took care of the fact they had cockroaches eyeroll. Caprets are filthy and the hotel is dated and in a poor location. Try southbeach - avoid at all costs!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Colibri30
<Content>Excellent time!!! Excellent hotel, great location, perfect for business or romance gateway, close to port of Miami and Metromover station.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>MaraBrazil
<Content>Worst hyatt ever seen ; ashame!!!!!!!!!!!!! The hotel is a mess. The rooms are awfull, the carpet is disgusting ans the bathrooms are dirty. The bedroom windows dont open so they never opened to clean the room and change or recycle the air. The end result is that you can feel the huge dust and the terrible smell of the bedroom. If you have asthma or any breathing problems you can die here. TERRIBLE EXPERIENCE. Stay on a hostel and you will be better.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Humshee
<Content>It's downtown. Enough said OK, let's face it. There's nothing too glam about downtown Miami. I stayed here for 1 night on business back in August. The rooms have been refurbished since I last stayed there a few years back. Genertic, but nice. I must say though the staff were very kind and went out of their way to help as I had a bit of a 'situation'. This was much appreciated and shows what a personal touch can do/Rooms are of a very good size and if you need to be in downtown Miami, I recommend the hotel. On the downside, the level of Englsh of some staff isn't quite what I expected and I ended up having to speak in Spanish to be understood.Oh, and the breakfast buffet is great!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Rigafan
<Content>Good stuff! We booked through Priceline so wasn't too sure what we were going to get, but it was a pleasant surprise once we arrived. It was a holiday weekend, therefore downtown Miami was especially quiet, but we enjoyed the fantastic view from the room and all the comforts the room had to offer. We were very happy with our room which had two double beds, both really comfy!As a European tourist I would have a bone to pick with the bathroom - NO WAY was that a four-star bathroom, even if the room was four-star standard. But as I have seen the same kind of thing in other American 4-star hotels, I guess it's just an American thing :) And in any case, the bathroom was fine, there was nothing wrong with it, but it wasn't luxurious either as you would find most 4-star European hotel bathtrooms are.All-in-all we loved Hyatt Regency Miami and would stay there again!!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>sfuhresq
<Content>Basic conference hotel, centrally located My husband and I recently spent four nights at the Hyatt Regency Miami. He was there for a conference at the hotel and I was a trailing spouse.I concur with most of what I've read about the rooms. The bed was very comfortable. The bathroom was so so, with a separate sink area, excellent water pressure, and a good sized closet with an ironing board. (No complimentary shower cap which I found strange for this type of hotel). The room climate controls were good, but the hall could get noisy, partly the housekeeping staff and partly teenagers staying there for an international tennis competition. We were on the fifth floor, facing the draw bridge which results in clanging bells with each opening. There was also some noise from the room next door on one side that had a door connecting to our room (locked during our stay). Nothing was intolerable, especially since we always travel with our white noise machine. The lobby was large, soaring and bustling at times. When we checked in, there was no line, but at other times, the reception desk seemed quite busy. The concierge desk staff was very helpful and the staff in general were quite pleasant. They had obviously had some training in customer service. I don't get the description of the hotel as art deco. It seemed more like basic 1980's conference hotel architecture, to me). For Art Deco---visit South Beach. There was a smallish pool and a quite small gym for a hotel of this size.If we weren't in Miami for a specific conference at the hotel, we probably would not have chosen to stay in this location. Downtown Miami is sort of like Dallas---they roll up the streets at night. They are still building condos, but it really felt like a ghost town---even during a work- day, sort of. Our original plan was to rent a car since we also planned to see our son at the Univ of Miami in Coral Gables and to visit South Beach, but as we were standing waiting for the rental car shuttle at the airport, we had second thoughts and I'm glad we did. It was much more convenient and overall probably cheaper (or the same price) with less hassle, to use cabs (or the Metro for the University). Without much traffic (i.e. on Saturday), it was only about a 15 minute cab ride to the airport and to and from South Beach. Cabs were readily available at the hotel.As is reported by others, this hotel is a busy place---conferences, cruise patrons, air crews, social events, etc. The hotel is attached to the Miami Convention Center. The first day, we walked south over the draw bridge and thought we were literally in the middle of nowhere, but there are places to visit if you ask around. In terms of places to eat, the hotel seemed only to have a coffee bar, regular bar and a restaurant. We ate at the restaurant one night after a late conference session. It was pricey---a la carte for everything and entrees $20-to over $40. The food was good, but I wouldn't consider it a destination had we not been staying at the hotel which made it very convenient. By asking at the concierge desk, I found out that I could get to an Au Bon Pan and Starbucks for breakfast by walking through corridors and tunnels connecting the hotel to the Bank of America Building, across the street. (These are both closed on the weekend.) The Starbucks did not have internet access (?), but the hotel had wifi for $10 per day through T-Mobile. It mostly worked ok, but was occasionally intermittent.The hotel is also walking distance from decent restaurants with an outside dining at a mall on the waterfront (the name of which escapes me at the moment) from which one can also book boat tours of Biscayne. We also walked to Mary Brickell Village. The shopping part seemed like it was still trying to fill up with stores, but we had a very nice outside lunch at a French Bistro there and there seemed to be other good choices. The hotel is also walking distance from the free downtown People Mover which connects to the elevated Metro. Miami is not known for its public transportation, but the Metro does go to Coral Gables, where the Univ. of Miami is located) and a bit south of there. The fare is $2.00. But, if you wanted to visit the Miracle Mile shopping district in Coral Gables, you would need to take a cab from the Metro stop. (By the way, even if your kid is not attending the University of Miami, the Lowe Museum there is not overwhelming in size, but has a good, eclectic collection.) I believe you could also use the Metro to get to the Vizcaya estate which is also worth a visit.This is not a hotel where you would stay if you wanted to hang out on beaches, but we found a nice walk in a park around the perimeter of Brickell Village?, a nearby island of condos. You walk across a bay bridge to get there---after also crossing the draw bridge immediately south of the hotel. (It had an opening while we were walking back, natch). The draw bridge is also a place for possible manatee sightings. (The walk to and around the island takes about an hour and a half---without dawdling, but not running, either). It was about 75 degrees when we left for the Miami Airport and 32 degrees, windy and snowing when we arrived back in Philadelphia----brrr.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	4	3	

<Author>CreoleBarbie
<Content>plain ole hotel       view of people-mover from room  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>davegaijin
<Content>4* downstairs but 2* upstairs       cracked basin 1  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	4	5	2	

<Author>AU-GNV-FL
<Content>Had a nice stay Had a one night stay for business. Hotel is located in downtown Miami which is a bit crummy and old but was safe to walk around. Bayside mall is a short walk, it has shops, restaurants and a food court all on the water. There are also some nice restuarants and bars on Brickell Ave that are within easy walking distance (just head over the drawbridge). Room was nice, flat panel tv with a lot of channels. AC was quiet and worked well. Lobby area was busy, got the impression that they do alot of conventions. Had to stand in line about 10 minutes just to pick up and pay for a bagel at breakfast. No free breakfast here, will bring something next time to save money. Parking in the garage is $12 a day but you get charged each time you take your car out. They also offer an all day, unlimited in and out valet for $27 a day. When you are ready to get your car you call the valet ext and they pull the car up. They said it would only take 10 minutes but it was more like 15. Not any real affordable hotels in this area, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Mil9217
<Content>Moldy Hyatt I stayed here before right after renavations, it WAS wonderful then, don't look like they have cleaned the bath tub, sink, or tolet since. I will never stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	2	

<Author>TravelerGrrrl
<Content>Okay price, okay quality       Hyatt Regency Miami  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>fx40
<Content>don't be fooled by Hyatt - balcony doors don't open! I booked this hotel because it advertised balconies with a view. Well, the balcony door doesn't open to any of the rooms, contrary to what they tell you before booking. I felt deceived because I thought it would be nice to have a room with a balcony and view. Speaking of the view, I was on the 15th floor and my view consisted of the concrete jungle---looking down at roofs of other buildings.Around 11pm, staff thought it would be a good idea to pick up the trays outside rooms and wake everybody up while doing it.Hyatt Miami is listed as a 4-star hotel, but in reality it's more like a 1.5 or 2------try the Hilton instead!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	1	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>misstraveler2008
<Content>Good price and value for Miami I recently stayed at the Hyatt in downtown Miami and was pleasantly surprised after reading some of the reviews on this site. The hotel is very conveniently located to the airport and downtown and is just a short cab ride to all the action in South Beach. The hotel was recently rennovated -- and my room was nicely furnished. The lobby was nice and the service I experienced at this hotel was excellent. You can't beat it for this caliber of hotel in Miami.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	4	5	4	

<Author>travelgirlsoutheast
<Content>Nice Hotel, Clean and Convenient! Recently stayed at the Hyatt on business 鈥?typical Hyatt Regency quality in a convenient location. 10 minutes to airport, 10 minutes to South Beach, for an affordable price. Hotel recently renovated and rooms are good and nice lobby/restaurant/bar. Staff was attentive and place was clean. Overall, a nice stay for the money.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>umhao000
<Content>Not a 4* - more like a 2.5* We stayed in the Hyatt for 1 night prior to our cruise. For one night and the price we paid (quite low) - it was ok - but I wouldnt want to spend more than 1 night there.The restaurant - overpriced - better to take a little walk to the people mover and go to Bayside or McDonlads.Decor - similar to what other reviewers noted - for a place that was just recently reno-ed - it look like a throw back to the 80's; dusty (beds were comfy though). Our balcony window was sealed shut.Any ways - for one night not bad, for anymore...I would rethink  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>HaakonKS
<Content>Nice hotel in downtown Miami       King bed  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>kms_denmark
<Content>I was satisfied I stayed on the hyatt for about a week doing business in miami. I had a nice stay, and the staff was really friendly. Very nice breakfast and a wellequiped and clean gym.Room was spacious and clean.Only bad thing to add was the fact that wireless internet access costs and parking is a bit expensive.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	5	2	

<Author>shellyaz
<Content>Not at all happy with this Hyatt! I am a travel agent/group coordinator and decided to stay at the Hyatt Regency for a night before our cruise. In one word: Bad!The lobby was rather lovely and modern. Elevators were nice. The Riverwalk Caf茅 had a full buffet breakfast and the food was good. The d茅cor in the guestroom had been replaced fairly recently and it was appealing in earthtone colors. However, the cleanliness of the room was terrible. Little white specks of tissue (or something) were across the entire room, indicating they did not vacuum. The room had been irresponsibly painted and paint smears ran from the wall onto the carpet in several areas. Both beds were comfortable; however, when I took down the duvet to get into bed, little tiny black hairs were all over the pillowcases and sheets. (When the housekeeping manager came back with a maid, they both were changing the sheets and she started to leave the same pillowcases on the pillow. He quietly told her to remove them as well.)The bathroom was moderately clean, but the caulk along the entire wall and bathtub was pitch black with mold. The ceiling had mold spores that covered at least a 2 ft. by 1 ft. patch. Apparently, they had tried to paint over it 鈥?which didn鈥檛 help. The square light in the ceiling was rusted and orange along the edges, along with black mold spores. Chunks of the ceiling were missing around the entire light fixture and were edged in black mold.Went to make coffee the following morning and there was a long blond hair and dust inside the coffee maker water well.The hall that led out to the pool was very small and dirty. The pool area was extremely small as was the pool. The fitness area was rather nice, with modern equipment.Several times as we would walk down the halls, the housekeeping staff would be walking in rooms and guests were complaining about their rooms. A few talks in the elevator proved the lack of cleanliness was rampant throughout the hotel and not just in our room.Parking was terrible, with a 15 minute walk through the garage, the Bank of America building, through the Convention Center, up escalators and into the hotel. $12.00 per night. Valet is $23.00 per night.The Metromover was convenient to travel around the downtown area and it was free, but required the same type of walk as the parking garage. It was a little creepy, but okay.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	2	2	3	

<Author>wasame
<Content>Pretty Average The Hyatt is listed as a 4 star hotel. It felt like a 3 star hotel to me though because of the plane jane bathroom and lack of the higher end ammenities. I stayed at the Hyatt in Tampa as well this month which is rated 4 star as well and there is a stark difference between the two. The Hyatt's front desk staff were very polite and courteous, especially Maria. There was nothing really wrong with the hotel- it just wasnt very impressive and didnt have the luxury feel that other 4 star hotels have.There isnt much of a view from the hotel- you cant see the bay because of other buildings in front of you.The cardio machines are nice in the gym (they have built in tv's and headphones are provided) but the gym is way to small. There is one weight bench and one nautilus machine and 7 people wanting to use it when I was in the gym. The hotel is massive so I dont know why they cant make the gym more spacious. I walked to Macy's and Ross and the mall on the Bay is also within walking distance so that was nice. My husband and I are going to look into other hotels next time.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	2	2	5	4	3	

<Author>RabbiWebster
<Content>Very Close to Port The hotel is fairly standard: clean rooms, friendly staff, overpriced restaurant. If you're going to the Port for a cruise, as we were, it's a good place to stay.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>meetingsfirst
<Content>Confused by the Hyatt Miami I am a meeting planner and have stayed at this hotel several times.When I came for a site inspection, everything was perfect. The front desk was attentive, the bellstaff were great, the sales people wined and dined me, even the General Manager and other Managers greated me and treated us like VIPs.However, I came back with my family in July, and stayed one night before a cruise. The front desk staff were ok, We had to wait over 30 minutes for our luggage to arrive to our room, then we're informed they forgot about it, the rooms smelled a little musty even though they were recenly renovated, (btw the bathrooms are not), we experienced very slow service the following morning in the restauarant. All in all, the experience was a dissapointment. Especially after the experience I had before, when I was treated like a VIPSo what is it? Does only a meeting planner deserve a nice clean room and great service? Are they not in the HOSPITALITY business? Shouldn't everyone be treated the same, after all, we are all paying for the room. Why should the meeting planner get better treatment than other guests, or the regualar people attending the meeting? What kind of messages are these people sending their staff members? Give the meeting planners the white glove treatment and ignore everyone else?  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	2	

<Author>Ginnybug
<Content>Loved the Hyatt       Entertaining view of the drawbridge  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LarrySF0523
<Content>Disappointed Clean room. Efficient front desk. Pricey restaurant. Construction across the street. Choose a different hotel.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	1	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>amandel
<Content>Above hyatt standards. My adress in Miami After all sort of problems at Airport and with American Airlines(lost luggage, flight delays, missed connections) , this hotel give all the support I needed and further beyond. Absolutely first class service, great location and fair prices.For business purpose has avoided me more problems than I already had during that time. The two issues that I had were solved at once almost 2 a.m. in the morning.It is my home when I am in Miami for sure.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CARoute66
<Content>Would return Stayed here prior to sailing out on our cruise. This is a large busy hotel that had several conventions  parties taking place-including the Marine Corp Ball. They have a restaurant on-site which is pricey. The morning of our cruise, I took the advice of travelers who posted on the web to eat at a restaurant/hotel next door. Their morning buffet was a better deal  food was ok. No problems catching a taxi from the hotel to the port.  
<Date>Jun 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>img1972
<Content>Fine hotel for a conference I recently stayed at the Hyatt for a business conference. The hotel was fine - not great, not terrible. The room was clean and comfortable. The hotel faciliates are acceptable. Downtown Miami does clear out at night, but there are decent restaurants within walking distance from the hotel near the marina. Enjoy!  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	3	

<Author>ColombiaRiz
<Content>Okay for a Short Stay       Tub  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>coluv
<Content>disappointed Overall, very good customer service from employees. However, we encountered some problems not normally associated with bigger hotels.We drew the bath and got dirty water which was not warm at all. I contacted Jennifer, the desk supervisor. She was courteous and professional. She assured me that both engineering and housekeeping would immediately respond to the room. Neither happened but 30 minutes later we got a sheepish call from housekeeping saying the hot water for the hotel was not working. It got fixed within one hour.April in Florida is not as humid as the summer but I was still uncomfortable and wanted the room cooler. There is a user friendly controller for the room but I could not get it below 73 degrees. That is not unreasonable, but when you come in from a hot afternoon, it would have been nice to temporarily get it cooler.We stayed in Room 1702. There are five screw holes in the bathroom wall in plain sight; another three on the table by the TV screen.Again, the employees were nice to us.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>anATLgirl
<Content>Fine for conference I stayed here for a conference - the conference was held in the center within the hotel, which was very convenient...however, I wouldn't want to stay in downtown Miami if I was a tourist. The hotel itself was great - the staff was extremely friendly and helpful. The gym was nice (even if it is small) and the restaurants were surprisingly good (cafe had nice sandwiches, pastries and the sit-down restaurant has the best fries). Downtown Miami is just not that nice - if you're visiting Miami as a tourist, stay in South Beach or somewhere more fun and with more things you can walk to...  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>nbell8
<Content>Not bad for convention hotel... I stayed here 4 nights with my husband who was in for a trade show at the hotel. We had to stay here since the trade show was in the hotel but it was not bad hotel. We came in on a Saturday and the hotel price was way overpriced for Saturday ($300) but it lowered to $175 for Sun-Tues for trade show price. I thought the hotel was worth $175 but not $300/night. The bad thing about downtown Miami (which isn't specific to this hotel) is there is really no where to go by foot. We took taxis at night when we wanted to eat in restaurant outside of hotel. That got a bit expensive after a while. Downtown Miami is ghosttown after 5pm and would not recommend walking around (not many people on street and even in daylight the streets are full of bums). The metromover is connected to the hotel by walkway which was nice for sightseeing in daytime to Vizcaya (hop on the rail line from metromover) or taking mover to the bus stop in Omni for bus over to South beach (pay $3 round trip for bus to Southbeach vs. $40-$50 roundtrip for taxis). You can take the C,H,K, or S buses over to southbeach and the buses run pretty frequently. I wouldn't recommend doing this at night.The hotel restaurant was OK but were typically overpriced and you could easily get bored with the menu after 2 days. The breakfast buffet was actually good ($20 but alot of choices on things). The room was nice (up on the 20th floor) but was annoyed that the balconies were still closed. You can't go out there still. The room itself was nice and spacious. The king bed was very comfortable and gave you alot of pillows. Maid service was fine as well. You also get a free safe in the room to stash belongings like laptops.Would I stay at this hotel? Only if I had to stay here for convention or trade show and it was $200/night. Otherwise I would stay over in south beach where you can walk around easier and more to see. Downtown Miami really isn't great (probably will be in 10 years) so its not great as tourist hotel. If your business is picking the tab up for things, then you probably won't mind this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	4	4	

<Author>BeachTeach
<Content>Nice hotel before cruisin'       the view  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>accbiker
<Content>A nice business hotel I was here for a convention and it is every thing that a typical business hotel is (especially the prices). The renovations seem to be just about done and the previous problems reported in other reviews seem to have been resolved. I personally do not like Miami, but the Hyatt was certainly comfortable for the two days I was there and the staff was certainly attentive.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mightyquin
<Content>Pleasant Stay at Hyatt Miami I had a conference at the Hyatt Miami and after reading the previous posts listed here, I was really nervous about it. Hubby and I stayed and had a wonderful time. The room was comfortable and nice and clean. After a day or two, the bathroom had a weird smell, but overall our stay was great. Smell went away also. Hotel staff is very accommodating and friendly. The MetroMover located right next to the hotel was very convenient. We took it to Bayside and Brickell. Bayside was great for restaurants, shopping, and boat tours. Not so impressed with Brickell as they are still undergoing construction. There were a few restaurants there but not quite ready for visitors. A taxi to South Beach was approx $20 and well worth it. Taxi to Parrot Jungle was about $13. The balcony doors still aren't able to be opened and there is a ton of construction around but our stay wasn't disturbed by any noise. It is a concrete jungle, but it's not as bad as some of the previous posts will have you believe.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>mistertca
<Content>Loved The Hayatt Great location, very nice view.The reception is amazing.The only problem here is the parking is very expensive.But for the rest I totally recommend it.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Gridfather
<Content>Nice Hotel, Friendly Staff, Undesirable Location A conference my wife attended over a weekend in March '08 was located at this hotel. The renovation construction referenced by other reviewers must be complete. Our room was updated and clean with new furniture and a flat screen TV. The bathroom was also clean. The bed was WONDERFUL. The staff was extremely helpful and willing to please; they exceeded my expectations. The swimming pool is open. Taxi cabs are available onsite 24 hours a day.Fridays and Saturdays are chaotic as cruise ship passengers are checking in and out prior to cruising.I ate one meal at the sports bar attached to the lobby. Prices have a hotel premium but are not outlandish. The menu was small but varied. I overheard other guests complaining about the cost of the breakfast buffet ($20) in the restaurant. Many cruise ship passengers had vouchers for breakfast, thus the buffet.The only reason to stay at this hotel is if a conference were located at the hotel, at the adjacent Knight Convention Center, or prior to departing on a cruise. The hotel is nice but the location undesirable. I would have much rather stayed in South Beach which has restaurants, beaches, and architecture. My impression is that the renaissance of Miami Beach over the past 20 years has come at the expense of Downtown, at least for the traveler. The hotel overlooks the Miami River, but who comes to Miami for the view of a river? There is a river promenade which is blocked by chain link fencing down to a 2-3 block length and is essentially abandoned due to a vacant lot on one end and condo construction at the bridge.The neighborhood surrounding the hotel is a concrete jungle and not pedestrian friendly. Many sidewalks are closed due to the number of condo towers in various phases of construction, including halted construction. The I-95 entrance/exit ramp adjacent to the hotel is, at times, treacherous to cross as a pedestrian. Bayfront Park, the Bayside entertainment district and the Mary Brickell (rhymes with pickle) Village are all within walking distance, past vacant storefronts and unfinished construction. Did I mention the area is dirty? There is a lot of litter and a general grittiness. The Metromover, the free downtown loop monorail, is convenient but in need of attention. The stations are dirty, some have graffiti. Each of the stations we visited after dark had an onsite security guard on the platform, which was needed. I never felt safety was an issue but I felt I needed to be more aware of my surroundings than in other major cities. If one were not an adventurous traveler, I could see where the surrounding area would be intimidating. My stay at the hotel was pleasant but the neighborhood needs improvement.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TonyPSP
<Content>Won't be back Stayed here for a conference...what a blah, boring, tired place...very overtaxed with conventions and cruise ship passengers. The neighborhood was glum, luckily I had a car and drove to south beach after meetings. Surprised this is a Hyatt...definite overhaul in order but this town is going through a lot of building...given the economy, who's coming here? If I had to do it over, I would commute here from south beach.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>buzytraveler
<Content>Substandard Hyatt I am a Hyatt Gold Passport Member so I chose to stay at The Hyatt Regency Miami, while in Miami for a meeting.I was extremely dissapointed. I was informed that the hotel has undergone extensive renervations. Instead, it looks as if the hotel has had a cheap makeover. Just some new budget wallpaper pasted on the hallway walls, flat screen tvs and sealed shut balconies to cut down the noise and mildew. However, that did nothing to eliviate the mildew problem in the bathroom nor the noise. And I was on a high floor!! The bathroom was outdated and grungy. The room was recently renovated, but it was not clean!! Yuck. And I was in one of their petit suites.!!The hotel restaurant is reminissant of a cafeteria. The pool was closed due to renovations. The hotel is located in the middle of a concrete jungle, right next to the I95 ramp. It is diffuclt, or almost impossible to walk anywhere. The only good thing was the Hyatt Grand Bed. It was comfortable.That is the only similarity this hotel has with any other Hyatt I have stayed at. In fact, Im surprised Hyatt has its name on this property at all.I have never written a hotel review before. The only reason I did so was that I was so dissapointed with this hotel that I was compelled to do so. I wrote the GM of the hotel, expressing my concerns, but did not receive a response. The good reviews here sound like the spiels I got from the hotel staff when I called to enquire about the hotel. So traveller beware!  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	-1	3	3	

<Author>AK_Dublin
<Content>Reasonable but safety an issue I stayed here for three days on a business trip. Ideal for those who are doing business in the city but not for tourists. Tourists should head to South Beach instead.The room was the standard Hyatt fair, nothing to complain about. Nice flatscreen tv. Doors to the balcony did not work however. I was in my room during a major power outage and had to desend 22 floors via the stairwell which was scary. I found an emergency exit that was blocked, tied with strong plastic ties. This left me feeling very uncomfortable about the hotels safety in an emergency.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Euroguy66
<Content>Good stay at the Hyatt The Hyatt is in a good location in Miami - close to the port for people going on cruises and just beyond the port is South Beach. The rooms in the Hyatt were setup differently from every other hotel I have been in and were very appealing. The rooms had just been renovated and still had that new smell to them. We were going to use the self checkin but there was nobody else at the checkin desk so just checked in as normal. Staff was friendly and fast at processing check in. The only area that could have used some work was the actual bathrooms. The room was obviously renovated but the actual bathroom had not been touched. The caulking around the bath tub was roughly done and the tiles were slightly greyed due to age. Not a major deal but was a noticeable difference.The one thing that was the best about this hotel was the fresh smell as soon as you walked in. There was not a trace of stale or humid air and this was a very nice touch.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Dominidaly
<Content>Loved it!       view from balcony  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>PandaExpress
<Content>Probably the worse major hotel to stay in Miami Only stayed here because the main conference hotel was all booked up and this was the closest one. If you are paying on your own dime to stay here - you're better off staying somewhere else.First off - all the hotel rooms facing the marina aren't available due to construction. Second the staff at this hotel has got to be the most uncaring, non-attentive to detail staff in any hotel I've ever stayed in in my life.1) Had to go back to the front desk 3 times because they kept giving me cracked keys which wouldn't work in the elevators (you need key to make elevator work) - the keys have a nasty habit of deactivating too - many times, people would try and it wouldn't work. 2) Specifically requested Wall Street Journal during my stay - never happened - had to call each morning. 3) Specifically requested turn down service each night - you guessed it! Never happened4) Room service ran out of certain food items fairly early in the evening5) Room had no luggage stand - I think this is the first hotel or motel I've ever stayed in where there is no luggage stand or anything besides the office chair to put your luggage on?!!6) Hotel drapes are poorly constructed - they don't go all the way down to the floor so that in the morning bright swath of light enters the room since there is about a 2 inch gap7) Room itself is way outdated and old - they have 1980's style faucet fixtures and were missing the H and C symbols. 8) Toilet seat was broken 9) closet if you can call it that - doesn't have a door - it has a crazy swinging pleated door thing - I don't even know how to describe it - but it really made it feel iike i was in a motel 6. 10) Internet service is SLOW - felt like I was on dialup - it was THAT slowGood news:1) Fairly quiet - can't hear neighborsBEWARE1) Hotel is used for cruises lots of elderly people around OR2) Rowdy, hormonal teenagers waiting to go on a cruise - first floor they tried to put me on, about 10 kids were running around banging on each other's doors giggling like - well you know - kids! YIKES.With so many other hotel options in Miami - why torture yourself with this place?  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	2	

<Author>papasquid
<Content>Loved the Hyatt Regency We have stayed at this hotel many times over the last few years and have always enjoyed our stays. My wife and I live in the Florida Keys and we find it convenient to spend the night in Miami when we are attending a sporting event or concert.The Hyatt is perfectly located in downtown Miami right on the Miami River where the river empties into Biscayne Bay. If you are in Miami for business or pleasure and need to have access to the downtown area and government centers this hotel is for you.The Knight Center (a convention center and concert venue) is located in the same building as the Hyatt. Miami's Metro-Mover, a clean and modern public transportation system which takes you to all the major government centers, sport and concert venues in downtown Miami has a station adjoining the Hyatt.The rooms are recently refurbished, spacious, modern and clean. Many of the rooms have views of the Miami River or Biscayne Bay. This hotel has all the services and amenities you would expect in a 4 star business hotel and deserves all 4 stars.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>srfrgrl97
<Content>Great Location Good price for money, BEST location, within walking distance to Bayside shops which has Hard Rock cafe on the water and shops. Would not eat in hotel restaurant. Not enough food and took 1hour to get our food and we had very hungry kids with us.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bigbob0708
<Content>Not bad, but still remodeling. My family stayed at the Hyatt Regency Miami for two nights from Feb 9 to Feb 11 of 2008. Our room was kinda of small but was clean and appeared to have just been remodeled. The room had a flat screen tv and all the small amenities. The only problem was that when we got to the hotel you could not get any ice from the ice maker. They were still remodeling part of the hotel and all the ice machines did not work, you had to go the the first floor restaurant to get ice. I complained to the front desk and they gave me a small refrigerator for two nights for free. This was our first time to miami and the bell men and service desk really knew where everything was to see. They gave great directions to all the attractions. Bayside Marketplace was only about 6 blocks away and you can really walk to it during the day. There is a CVS store close to the hotel. At night its not the safest to walk around as there are alot of bums around. I would stay there again once they fully remodel this place. The convention center that is connected to the hotel is pretty old. Self parking is not bad and its only like $12.50 a night.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bigdog12771
<Content>Not as bad as I read about..       pool area  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BBuddy
<Content>Much better than what I've read from the Reviews here We booked the Hyatt for the Friday night before our cruise. We got in at about 4 PM and used the electronic kiosk in the lobby and had no trouble at all navigating through the screens. The lobby was very big and airy. The kiosk even printed out our room keys. Our rooms were on the 22nd floor and we over looked the convention center and northern Miami. The sliding glass door was welded shut however it didn't matter to us since we were only staying one night.The room was clean and the king sized bed was heaven to sleep in. I called downstairs to see if we could get a late check out and they said it was fine and we could leave at 1:30. The room is a bit odd since the bed is sort of in the middle of the room with a short wall behind it separating the bathroom area.We really like the soap products they put in the bathroom, especially the soap.there is construction going on in the hotel which we could see when we got off the elevator however, we didn't hear anything (we were on the other side). After going for a short walk we came back to the room to find that the hotel sent up vouchers for a free buffet breakfast for the following morning. The breakfast was fabulous! While eating we did hear some of the construction that was going on however it was only for a brief time and didn't marr our stay.I also worked out in the gym at 6 am and there was no one around. It's not a big gym but it had all the neccessary equipment I needed to finish my workout. They also have two treadmills, some bikes and an elipical.I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>magtien
<Content>Nice experience       Two twin beds room  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WTMB
<Content>Old 2 star hotel faking it as a 4 star We stayed here one night on Dec. 30th. I wanted a special night at a 4 star hotel. Well, half the hotel is under renovation and is closed. BTW, this is the half with the ocean view. We tried 3 rooms and all smelled bad. The hotel is dark and depressing. The rooms stink and as others have said they have balconies but they are shut so you get no fresh air. The pool was also closed. If you are looking for a place to sleep for one night and can get a $50 bid on priceline, it might be OK. Otherwise, skip this place.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>klarkent
<Content>Great customer service, hotel is improving with current renovation I stayed at this hotel 2 years ago, and it was a dump, it needed renovation badly. I just return and I am happy to report the rooms have been nicely renovated. I had a corner room with a view of the Miami River, and all these empty condo towers that now dominate the Miami Sky Line. Rooms now have a nice plasma TV. Hyatt Grand Bed, nice seating area, and are nicely decorated. The meeting areas have also been completed. The Regency Club, Pool Area, and restaurants are currently being worked on as of 12/25/07. Food service is good to great, depends on what you order. There is decent fitness room where you can get a good work out. Customer Service was good to excellent.One thing I really liked was that the Metro Mover is just a short walk through the convention center, which connects to the Miami Metro Rail. South Beach, Coral Gables, and Coconut Grove are just a short drive/cab ride away. The location is centrally located to enjoy all of Miami.Things I did not like about the hotel:You can no longer use the balcony, and the windows no longer open. What a stupid move.Large new curtains block most of the windows; I pulled them back so I could get more sunlight, and a better view. There is a river smell in the hallways, but the air in the room seemed fine.Lobby area needs to be renovated as well; I hope this is also planned in the multi-million dollar renovation.In the end, this is more of a business/convention hotel, but if you don鈥檛 want to pay the high South Beach hotel rates this will be a great place to stay once all the renovation is done.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	5	4	4	

<Author>lknight26
<Content>Definitely Not Hyatt Quality or 4 Star at that! Stayed here two nights pre-cruise. First off the staff is awesome, however, the rooms needs to be blew up with dynamite and completely rebuilt. The hotel reeks of paint remover aroma and plaster. And you can can smell this immediately when you step into the elevator. Not to add the renovations debris is in clear and plain site when you walk out your room. Just a mess. Glad I only paid $65 a night on priceline. The Intercontinenal a few blocks away is MUCH BETTER and a true 4 star hotel. Definitely won't be back here!!!!! Moldy smells as soon as you enter the room. The beds are comfy and room was clean, but the bathroom needs to be re-done badly!!!!!. The food was not very good at the sports bar and neither was the high priced drinks. Good thing half our group stay at the IC because that was our hangout spot for GOOD drinks at reasonable prices. The lobby bathroom looks like it's out of a magazine. However, the bathroom in your room looks like it's from the 1950's without renovations. Hyatt really needs to let this place go or at least snatch there name from it.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	5	5	2	5	

<Author>Mercboy
<Content>No Value and Bad Attitude Horrible experience! Construction across the street combined with poor sound insulation in windows. Construction on my floor (!!) with paint fumes and noise, peeled back carpet. Stayed over 24 hours and did not have room made up once. Outrageous parking charges, plus no free internet. Grumpy service - no one even asked if everything was ok at checkout. All of this for almost v$300 a night. The room had some very superficial renovation done (flatscreen, goo sheets) but the bathroom was ancient with moldy grout around sink and tub. STAY AWAY AT ALL COST!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	1	

<Author>vcassidy
<Content>OKAY NOT THE BEST We had a corner room that not only smelled bad but had some sort of strange bugs in it. We only stayed one night and had it been longer would have moved. It is a wonderful palce to stay to be close to everything and the staff is really nice.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>artstraveler
<Content>What a smell! I just spent several nights at the Hyatt Regency Miami for a conference. It was a mostly unpleasant experience. The room had one of the worst, moldy smells I have ever encountered in a hotel, certainly in a Hyatt. I complained to the front desk and they did send someone to check on the A/C (there was moisture on the floor in front of it). There was a little card in my room that maintenance had visited, but I think the room smelled worse after they visited. The odor was pervasive throughout the hotel though, not just in the room. There was construction/renovation underway, but the odor was not one attributable to construction (though two of the days my floor also had pervasive solvent odors).In addition, these were some of the worst conference rooms I have experienced - poor lighting, bad sound systems. And for the rooms that had dividers the sound leakage from adjacent meeting rooms was so invasive that it was nearly impossible to concentrate, or hear, what was being presented in the session I was attending.I have stayed in many Hyatts over many, many years of business travel, and this was by far the worst one I have encountered. I seriously considered checking out and finding any hotel I could within the vicinity, but that was a challenge of its own. The Hyatt is completely surrounded by half-completed (and apparently halted) high-rise construction, freeways, and incredibly busy roads. It was virtually impossible to figure out how to walk anywhere from the concrete locked space.That all being said about the facility, I certainly found the staff to responsive, attentive and extremely helpful, up to the standards I would have expected and have experienced in a Hyatt. My experiences were ultimately limited to the front desk and the restaurant and the personnel was great - I commend them. Management on the other hand needs to think seriously about this property. I hope they are making it something worthy of there own staff and that the renovations will cure these ills. Check it out carefully before staying there.I would also say the exercise facility had decent and relatively new equipment. It was small - way too small for a facility this size, especially when sold out. But it was probably the nicest feature I encountered.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	1	1	5	5	2	

<Author>jamesunt
<Content>No better place Just came home from a 7 day cruise from Miami. Stayed overnight in the Hyatt Regency Miami the night before the cruise. The location is only two miles from the pier. The Bayside Market Place is within walking distance as well as the American Airlines Arena. Taxis and Monorail are abundant for other transportation. The check in and check out was flawless, the room immaculate.Other reviews have stated some construction noise. This is because almost everybuilding around the hotel is being worked on. This too will pass when this part of Miami is transformed under the Riverwalk plan. Stay here!! Its great !!  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>PierreLaCroix
<Content>Great bargain (if you can look past the construction) The location is ideal in downtown Miami, away from the REALLY busy streets. Good access to I-95 and the cruise ship terminal.MY ONLY COMPLAINT: Due to the construction, my balcony door was WELDED shut. Not that I went to Miami to enjoy the balcony, but I do enjoy fresh air in the morning, and one of my travel companions was a smoker.THE ROOM: Tastefully appointed, bed very comfortable, minimal noise. Bathroom is split into shower/commode in one room and vanity/dressing area in another. Bathroom could use a vent, but I was only in there long enough to shower.THE RESTAURANT: I was craving a waffle, and for some unknown reason, the manager offered me free buffet breakfast. I think it was a We're sorry for the construction gesture, but I took advantage of it, the food was great, and there are free USA Today newspapers available.OVERALL: Definitely would stay here again. The bar in the hotel had friendly and attentive bartenders, all staff were helpful and friendly, and although the pool/balcony were not accessible, those were not my reasons for staying at this property.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BetterthanBings
<Content>Disaster! Moist rooms... But fine service, and kudos to staff Another convention, another hotel. We had a nice, updated room on the 20th floor. Two queen beds, plus a walled-off dressing area that contained the closet, bathroom vanity area and separate room for shower-tub and toilet. The closet was roomy and shared by both of us. Plenty of room for a four-day trip. Nice decor, city view. Maybe it was just me, but it seemed the cityview side was drier than the water view. The first night, I got in before my room-mate, so bunked in with another friend in her cityview room. When I checked into the room we had reserved the next day, I was immediately struck by the smell of ... was it mold? It smelled of moisture. I called down to the front desk and asked if they had another room to show me. For the sake of comparison I stopped the housekeeping staff from delivering a mini-fridge before we settled on the room. Trust me, I checked out rooms on the same floor, back and forth, and chose the city view room that did not smell. I was glad, too, because as the days went on, I met people who were complaining of allergies. I asked one colleague who was really suffering, if he had a city view or water view. He had a water view room. I urged him to ask for another room on the city view side before he got sicker. But I wasn't immune on this trip; perhaps I travel with Calamity Jane. The first night, she got into bed before me and started to have an allergic reaction to the sheets. She had to take a Benadryl, but also take food soon afterwards. Long story short, there was no food because everything in the hotel was closed by then, and the hotel manager had to dig up crackers and water before she nearly passed out in the elevator. Once sheets and bedding changed, drugs properly taken, everything was back to normal and hunky-dory. Second night, same room-mate had turned in for the night (and I was out) and water started to cascade down from the overhead bathroom vanity light fixtures. While scrambling to move everything off the counter, my roommate managed to call the front desk to report this disaster. Turned out the guest upstairs had left the tub running when he left the room, overflowing onto the floors, and into our room below.... We got moved up to a larger room, thankfully. Last event: A mouse ran across the lobby floor in front of us as we went toward the elevator late at night, headed up for our room. No one screamed. I think the night manager was happy to see us leave. It's hard when a guest has those many things happen on consecutive nights...  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>2	5	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>promal
<Content>Had A Great Experience Here       Bedroom Area  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>EmmanLukesMum
<Content>Not impressed, very dissapointing Hyatt. I usually try to stay at Hyatt's when traveling for work; they have an awesome rewards program and they are usually pretty nice. I was really disappointed in this Hyatt. My room was badly in need of renovation and was very small (very clean though, kudos to Housekeeping). They were actually undergoing renovation so half the hotel appears to be sealed off. When I tried to get the elevator to go down, I kept hearing an elevator open on the other side of the construction partition, but not one that I could get to. Finally, I went up one floor to get an elevator to go back down. Also, the food in the restaurants is ridulously overpriced and just average. I ate in the lounge when I got in and paid over $35 dollars for fried shrimp and two beers. C'mon, this is bar food not high cuisine. I paid nearly $9.00 for a coffee and bagel in the lobby coffee bar for breakfast. On the positive side, their staff is very friendly and helpful and the hotel is in a great location if you need to do business in their financial district.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>gobux
<Content>Aging hotel, not 4 star We stayed here for a 2 day pre-cruise getwaway. Paying only 55.00 per night through Priceline, so we were not that upset about the accomodations. However, I am warning you that it is definitely not a 4 star hotel. Very moldy, rusty fixtures, blood on curtains, needed cleaning. Balconies are all sealed and there was a thick grease and handprints all over them. I do have to say that Cesar was more than helpful - he was a manager, and tried to make things right, but there is only so much he could do. He offered a renovated room, but those were also not up to par with a 4 star hotel rating.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	1	1	5	5	-1	

<Author>njtraveler15
<Content>If you have any choice, don't stay here. Stayed here for an August convention. Found the location terrible for seeing Miami, it's in the middle of a business district and you have to take a cab or drive anywhere (South Beach, Little Havana etc.) All through the convention there were audio and video problems (video not working, buzzing in the background whenever there was a mike on) and they never got fixed. The partitions between the seminar rooms were so thin that one seminar was interrupted by someone coming in from the next room to ask us to turn the mikes off because they couldn't hear their speaker. The guest rooms are VERY loud, tons of highway and construction noise. The beds are comfortable and the rooms with two double beds are well designed for roommates, with a closet to change in and a partition between the beds and the bathrooms. Internet is $10 a day which seemed a ripoff (I heard the Courtyard next door has free internet.) Food at the conference (catered by hotel) was pretty awful. Lobby cafe also really pricey. Lobby is very classy though. Despite pretty cheap $115/night rate, very disappointing experience.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>WestEndAvenue
<Content>Avoid If You Can NOT like all the other Hyatts. Really just a big, dirty 3 star hotel. There are so many other hotels for the same or less money in the area that are cleaner, have a better location and have a staff that acknowledges your existence.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>fwtexastraveller
<Content>Nice convention hotel I stayed here for four days at a conference in August. It was the convention hotel, and it's a fine one at that. The staff is helpful and knowledgeable, the rooms are updated and clean, and the restaurants decent. It's connected to Miami's downtown Metro rail system, which connects you to the nearby convention center, the financial district, and the bayfront. There are some decent restaurants one or two Metro stops away, but the hotel isn't very convenient to anything in right-next-door easy walking distance (except for a neat little ethnic bar and grill next door, where the owner promotes Jeb Bush's Favorite... specials. Wonderful place and great conversation with the owner! I can't remember the name, but it's the only restaurant that's next door to the hotel.) The hotel (and this bar and grill) front a working waterway, but the Hyatt provides no tables and chairs or other opportunities to sit right outside the hotel and enjoy this amenity. The hotel is a 15-minute cab ride to South Beach, or a 30-minute bus ride on a C or K bus that you can catch three or four blocks from the hotel. I used the bus for the ride over to South Beach, and caught a cab on the way back. There's an Enterprise rental car office on site, which is very useful, except that it closes at 6 p.m. on weeknights and isn't open Sundays. That means you have to pay to park your car overnight ($12 self-park and more in the hotel valet) if you return after hours.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	2	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CtheGlobe77
<Content>Close to the Miami Convention Center I stayed at this hotel because I was attending a conference at the Miami Convention Center. The hotel is connected to the convention center, so it's very convenient. However, I spent more time going back and forth to South Beach for business lunches and dinners. A cab ride each way is about $20 - 25. The hotel itself is average. The rooms are clean, but the decor looks like it could use some updating. There was major construction going on across the street. The noise wasn't too bad, but the view from my hotel room looked out onto the construction site.Unless you need to be at the convention center or in downtown Miami I would recommend staying in South Beach.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	4	

<Author>UKflightattendant
<Content>Disappointing Hyatt I haven't stayed at any other Hyatt hotels, and I have to say, the Miami Regency is not a great advertisement for the brand.I have stayed here on a number of occasions - not through choice, I emphasise! - because of work. The construction work which other reviewers mention has been going on for at least two years - though in all that time, very little seems to actually have been constructed! There is a lot of noise in the hotel, from the traffic, (busy highways surround the hotel), other guests, (typical thin hotel walls!), and the construction work which is going on on every side of the place.Arriving yesterday, my key card didn't work. I rang down to the front desk and was told to come and get a new one as there was nobody at the bellstand and I would be waiting a long time. OK, fine, but hardly a response representative of a 4* establishment. The smoke detector in the room was hanging off the wall with exposed wiring, which necessitated a change of room. The 'replacement' was OK, though the carpets were still damp from what I presume was a shampooing, as the room was rather over-frangranced! Cleaning leaves rather a lot to be desired; it all feels rather perfunctory, with quite a lot of dust etc. and a used bar of soap still sitting in the shower.Breakfast is good and fairly reasonable price-wise, with a good selection and a pleasant, efficient staff team. Take advantage of this and fill up for the day!Smokers - which I am not! - take note: smoking is only permitted in rooms on the 15th floor so if this is important to you, confim and confirm again a room allocation. Because although there are balconies from each room, they are now merely decorative and a rather misleading feature of publicity shots! The hotel is now sealing all balcony doors so you have no access to them, in an attempt to minimise construction noise and reduce in-room humidity. However, this is a shame, as it is nice to be able to pop out for a few minutes or have a drink on the balcony etc. especially in mild temperatures. I see they make no mention of the balconies as a room feature on the website. All I'm saying is, don't let the pictures fool you!The rooms themselves are rather strange. Personally I'm not keen on the 3/4 'partition' which seems to create a cross between a dressing room and a bathroom. The sink etc. are separated from the actual bathroom - containing bath and toilet. Odd louvre door acts as both dressing-room door and closet door, depending on where you close it. I'd rather they have made the whole bathroom self-contained and separated from the rest of the room! Beds comfortable and room size is adequate enough.Seriously consider your options before committing to the Hyatt. There are other hotels of similar standard in the locality - the Intercontinental is just one - and it may be worth paying a little extra.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	2	2	3	3	2	

<Author>georgec456
<Content>Horrible Hotel - Worst Hyatt I've Ever Stayed At I recently went on a cruise out of Miami so I needed a place to stay the night before.I checked the rates for various hotels near the port and the Hyatt had a great rate so I booked a mini suite.After staying at this terrible hotel I wish I'd paid $50 more and stayed at the much better Intercontinental.When I first arrived at the hotel I had a good first impression of the place - the lobby was fairly elegant and everything looked somewhat upscale. On the other hand, the check in was VERY SLOW. There were 2-3 people in front of us - not a long line, but nothing was moving! There was one slow employee behind the desk who seemed to be very inefficient. After a few minutes and no movement in line, I decided to get more employees to the front desk. I politely asked some employees from the concierge desk to help with the check in process. That seemed to speed things up. By the time I was checked in I had waited 20 minutes which is inexcusable considering there were only 2 or 3 people in front of me.After checking in I immediately headed up to the room on the 10th floor. When I got out of the elevator I noticed a weird smell. The easiest way to describe it is A sunscreen smell. It wasn't a horrible smell, but a four star Hyatt shouldn't have a weird smell.When I arrived at my suite it was very warm. I immediately set the a/c to 60 hoping that it would cool down by the time I got back from dinner. I was wrong. It was warm all night. Even the hallways were freezing compared to room.Another problem I noticed was that the bathroom sink drain was not working. It was obviously just clogged. When we left for dinner I stopped by the front desk and asked them to have someone fix it. It was never fixed. Good thing we were just staying for one night. We decided to just put up with it.Even though we were on the 10th floor, the noise was terrible. There was a draw bridge on our side of the hotel that went up and down all night with the ding ding ding sound of the railroad type warning signal that you would hear near train tracks. I didn't fall asleep until very very late at night/early morning because the damn bridge went up and down all night with the loud warning signal for the cars. Also, there were cars that would occasionally honk. It's pathetic that on the 10th floor you can still hear too much noise!!!!!!!!! After getting no sleep, having a clogged sink, a weird smell in the hall, slow check in, cheap shower head THERE'S REALLY NOTHING GOOD TO SAY ABOUT THIS HOTEL! If I had to pick one pro to this hotel, it would be that it was safe. But that's it. This hotel sucks!It's truly too bad because this one Hyatt will make me think twice before booking another Hyatt in the future. I will be calling them soon to request a refund as it's unacceptable that a four star hotel could be this bad. They put my vacation to a bad start. DO NOT GO TO THIS HOTEL. I've stayed at nicer two star hotels where at least you can get a good nights sleep.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>cubnluvsba
<Content>Hyatt reputation tainted date: July 19, 2007We had an appointment at the Passport Office in downtown Miami and booked a room at the Hyatt because of its proximity to the location and relied on the Hyatt reputation for a good night's rest. Where shall I start to enumerate our disappointments?Although we were aware of some construction in the vecinity, we were unprepared for the difficulty in navigating in the area. If you miss the entrance (which we did), you have to go through what seemed like hoops and jumps to find it again.Parking: The only way to reach the hotel is by car, but the hotel does not offer parking. You can pay $15 for a one-time shot at a self-parking building around the bend from the hotel. We drove to it, and returned scared to leave our car there and even more to walk back from the parking garage. Granted, it was after 10:00pm, but this was r-e-a-l-l-y spooky! We opted for the other choice, paying $27 for one night's valet parking.The lobby looked elegant and the receptionist was polite. We got a room on the 12th floor. The elevator is activated by the room key - good security. The room itself was large, with two double beds (our party consisted of my husband, my 18-yr-old daughter and myself) that had good mattresses. There was a large dressing room separated from the rest of the room by a 3/4 wall - that also was nice. The room had been vacuumed but it had not been dusted for a while (you could blow the fuzz and dust off the lamps), everything that could turn to rust, had. The louvered door to the dressing room was filthy. The shower head was excellent, easy to adjust the pressure to your liking, and the water pressure itself was awesome. The toilet did not flush well and the sink drained very slowly. The towels were clean but it seemes the housekeepper had long hair, which I found on one towel, on the bath mat, on the sink, and on the top sheet of the bed. We had three bath towels, two hand and two face towels - we asked for an additional face towel and were told they keep track of their inventory and would charge our card if they found anything missing, but they did send someone with a whole set of towels. Thank you. The coffee pot was missing the carafe, so we could not make coffee in our room. Then the noise. It was horrible!!! The noise from the cars passing on I-95 was very loud and kept waking us up.They gave us coupons for the buffet breakfast. The employees at the restaurant were very nice, friendly and professional. The food was good but because they did not have warmers under the food, it turned cold very quickly.I would NOT stay at this Hyatt again. I'm not sure about other ones.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JAD48
<Content>OK for the price Stayed at the Hyatt Regency for a Convention being held in hotel. Got convention rat of $109. Nice-size corner room - but everywhere you looked outside it was a construction site. Many, many high rises being built. No problem with noise, but was out of the room all day. Food was expensive. Room service breakfast of bacon, eggs  coffee was $30. Nice take-out deli in hotel lobby not too expensive. A/C didn't work great - had to keep it at 63 to keep room cool. Very friendly staff. No where within walking distance to eat or shop. Lighting in bathroom very dim. All in all, very average city hotel.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	2	3	4	4	2	

<Author>kelly_ar31
<Content>Not worth the money! We checked in and left right away to meet someone for dinner. I didn't get to check over the room. There was mildew and mold on the grout and caulk in the bathroom, the finish chipped off on the handles of the sink. I did not prepay for that, so I went down to ask for another room. They sent me to look at a room, it was in worse shape. The 3rd room I took just for the fact it had less mildew then the others. The staff stated it was because of the humidity, well I live in North Port, it's humid here too. I do not have mildew, if it even starts to come, I pull out the Tilex. None of the tubs were spa. The vents didn't work. I wonder why there is mildew and mold. The room was on the 24th floor, not sound proof to the machines running on the roof. The internet access costs $10.00 a day, it is not free. There is NO Free parking period, guest or not. It was $27.00 a day. So not only are you paying a small fortune to stay in mildew, old bathrooms, you have to pay to park at their hotel. I'm use to staying at the Hampton Inn, I decided to splurge. Never again. I have yet to had a bad room there.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	3	1	

<Author>alwaysprincess7
<Content>Noisy, lots of construction We were scheduled to stay two nights, but checked out early. The hotel is surrounded by highrises going up everywhere. The noise level was high. The hotel offered a choice of different rooms with an upgrade, but there wasn't a quiet room in the hotel. Lots of outside and inside noise. If you like a lot of commotion then you'll like the hotel. It is next to the convention center and in walking distance of great shopping and restaurants. The staff is very helpfulin making dinner reservations for you at any restaurant in the area. We will not be returning. We prefer a quieter, relaxing atmosphere.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	2	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>fencermom
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised In Miami for a Fencing Tournament. Based on previous reviews I was a little bit worried but our room was moderately nice, although we weregone most of the time. The hotel is currently under remodel. Staff was helpful and always pleasant. Parking is VERY expensive but valet is quick to retrieve your vehicle when you need it. The surrounding vicinity is kind of seedy and there are no places to eat/shop near by. Hotel food is expensive ($12 for just a 6 round waffle - nothingelse) but good. We enjoyed eating in the bar where the food was cheaper. Compared to hotel reviews from other travelers in our party sounds like the Hyatt was a good choice. If needed we would probably stay here again for a short visit.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>RyryE
<Content>Great place for convention, otherwise average I stayed at the Hyatt for a few nights recently as part of a large seminar held at the property. The set-up for the meetings was excellent, and the staff did a great job of keeping the rooms clean, stocked with water, soda, etc.As for the hotel room, I had a nice view from the 21st floor, but it was an average room. The bed was very comfortable, and the room was plenty big, however, it was nothing spectacular.The food from the restaurants was average, but the prices were extremely expensive ($12 for a burger; $4 for a soda). It is worth it to take a quick walk from the hotel to grab something cheaper.The staff was friendly and helpful. Overall, I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	5	4	2	

<Author>PoppyTT
<Content>Average business hotel We stayed in this hotel for a stop over before travelling up to the gulf coast. It was ok. Nothing special. Central if you are on business.The layout of the room was odd as it had the sink in the bedroom as the bathroom was so small.  
<Date>May 26, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	

<Author>Luv2Travel_CMH
<Content>Not recommended I stayed at the Hyatt in Miami due to a conference that my company was holding and I was pretty disappointed with the quality of the hotel. My room smelled very musty, there was a dirty washcloth in the bathroom and overall it was not as clean and updated as you would expect from a Hyatt. I wouldn't choose to stay here again if I had another option.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	3	2	4	3	3	

<Author>maac56
<Content>Nice Hotel I stayed for a night before catching a cruise. The Hotel checkin staff were very professional and courteous.The bedroom was very well appointed, but the bathroom is overdue a makeover, it was like stepping back 20-30 years.Overall i would recommend this hotel and i got a very good deal by using the hotels own site.  
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Peripatetic_Engineer
<Content>The Concrete Jungle I stayed here because of a conference in this hotel. I do not recommend this hotel for anything except business trips or a one night stay to connect with a cruise ship. The hotel is showing its age and while they have renovated the rooms, the bathrooms are still small and show their heritage from a time when bathrooms were a necessity and not considered part of a luxury hotel stay. Our room faced the Bay but because of numerous condos under construction, our view was one of a concrete structure under construction. We could wave to the workers. It was also noisy. The draw bridge has an annoying way of waking you all through the night. As far as amenities, the pool is small. We never received a morning paper and there is only one restaurant in the hotel. There is no green space around the hotel. It is next to the convention center and everything is concrete. On the plus side, the food that was provided at the convention dinners was pretty good for buffet food. The chicken and beef was tender and the vegetables tasty. It will cost $27 for valet overnight parking and a taxi to South Beach is $25 each way.  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	3	

<Author>joylama
<Content>Convention Center Hotel This is a workable business hotel connected the convention center. The rooms are dated (looks like a decade or so since the last redo of the rooms). The views are of a cityscape. Lots of construction  construction noise - starting early, even on the weekends. The nearby drawbridge was also pretty noisy. Bathrooms were dumpy from the decor to the fixtures. While the room was outdated - it was okay. The bathrooms were below standard. Don't think it deserves anything higher than a 2.5 star rating for what it is now  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>navigator
<Content>Good overnight stop before a cruise We stayed here overnight before boarding a cruise.The hotel is well situated for the port. It will cost approx $12 for a cab cab ride to the port.The hotel itself is clean and spacious, has a small shop for odd things you may of forgotten.As for the rooms, the rooms are spacious, the bath, shower and tiolet are seperate from the wash basin area where it is walled off for a private dressing area. The only fault I found was that the bathroom itself was dated and though clean, looked dirty.The free metro can be found out the back of the hotel which can take you to Bayside shopping centre. Cab is approx $8 to Bayside.The hotel is expensive for food etc but if like us, your bags have gone astray and you need to do some shopping for assentials then there are places within 5 mins which are much cheaper.If you go out of the front of the hotel down the slope to the right and look left. Approx 100 yards on the opposite side of the road on the corner is an International bakery which is great for breakfast. Come out and turn left and on the next corner you have a pharmacy. Out and left again to the next corner and you have starbucks with Walgreens opposite. Opposite Walgreens there is a little shopping centre where you will find a shop called marshalls. If you have any clothes to get then this is the place. $100 will go a long way here and it is branded wear.During the day you can walk to bayside which will take approx 15 mins.  
<Date>Apr 24, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	4	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>hwsdrea
<Content>room reservation problems We stayed at the Regency one night before our cruise which seems to be the common customer at the hotel. We arrived from the airport at about 10:30 on a friday night and the line for check in was stretched across the loby. It took 45min to check in, because as it turned out the reservations people made online and recieved confirmations for were never actually reserved. Several groups in line before us checking in were told they had no room available and had to go to other hotels. We on the otherhand did get a room, however all that was available were smoking rooms. We did get a discount for the error but only after some complaining. I cant imagine being one of the people in line whose reservation was completely disregarded. I dont understand how a major hotel can have basic issues about knowing whether rooms with requested features (ie non-smoking and 2 doubles) are available at the time of booking, and actually RESERVING that room for YOU. The room was also very loud. I couldnt believe how much of the street noise we could here from the 15th floor in a bayview room. If you do stay here request to stay on the side of the hotel away from the bridge. It is a metal drawbridge and you hear every single car drive over the grated metal surface. Additionally construction starts even on a Sat. morning very early and you hear all the trucks going in and out of the construction zone that you overlook. Out of the 4 adults who stayed in the room only one slept through most of the noise... the cars going over the bridge kept the other 3 of us awake most of the night. My parents also stayed here before our cruise and stayed on the other side of the building and had no issues.... so again TRY to request the other side of the building, although who knows if they will actually honor that request since they have trouble honoring general room reservations. Other features of the hotel were fine, nothing too special or too awful, although the bathroom was actually quite dismal, dim lighting, bare lightbulb, and tiny.... but I was otherwise ok with the status of the room. I would not stay here again, I cant imagine arrivng at a hotel with confirmation number in hand only to be told that no room was ever booked for me. After a long flight the last thing you want to do is wander around a new city trying to find somplace with available rooms.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	-1	-1	

<Author>OffTheBeatenPath
<Content>Dull, unexceptional, with a frown on its face If you're used to the Motel 6, this hotel will be seem like luxury. However, if you're used to any level of service or comfort in hotels, the Hyatt will seem shabby. (Don't get me wrong, Motel 6 is great but doesn't cost $179/night at the corporate rate -- and there are hotels in the same price bracket as the Hyatt that are much better.)My main complaint was service. For example: My flight, already scheduled to arrive late in the evening, was delayed, so I arrived at the hotel at 11:45 p.m. after not having had anything to eat since breakfast. The woman at registration checked me in efficiently, but was clearly unenthused about doing so (not a single smile or pleasant tone of voice). When I asked if I could get any food, she told me room service was open until midnight but I'd better order at the bar. The bartender growled at me that the kitchen was closed; when I pointed out that I'd been informed it was open for another 15 minutes, only then did she get me a menu and let me order. Again, no smiles, clearly no joy in her job. (It's not the best job in the world, likely, but still, they are paid to be service-oriented.) Every time I dealt with anyone in the hotel over the next three days, they were borderline surly -- not a single smile ever, even when smiled at.When I got to my room, housekeeping had left the balcony door open and the lights on, so the room was humid and crawling with bugs. There was only one toiletry in the room: lotion. No soap, shampoo or conditioner. I called the desk and asked for some; an hour later none had arrived. I called again -- at 1:15 a.m. -- and only then did they bother to inform me they had none at the desk, housekeeping was closed, and they couldn't send anything up. (An hour+ of sleep lost.)The bed in the room was decent -- clearly upgraded recently to compete with other chains -- and the decor was fine, not exceptional but not offensive. On the other hand, the bathroom grout was full of mildew and the whole bathroom smelled of mold.Another plus: The fitness room was good -- not a ton of machines (basically two of everything), but what they had was new, with TV screens built in.The bar was pretty depressing -- low rent 80s decor with the clientele to match. It's named Currents -- which of course means it's the least current place you can imagine. (nice neon changing pastel colors behind the sign...very late 80s)If you have to stay in downtown Miami and you want a modicum of style for the same price, go to the Intercontinental. If you want to pay too much for a Holiday Inn room, go to the Hyatt.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	1	2	

<Author>wks880
<Content>NOT 4 star worthy We stayed here the night before our cruise. It is very close to the port and that was the only benefit we experienced.Our room was tired. Walls were marked up, door to the bathroom had dirty hand prints, lamp didn't work, toilet was not level and rocked when a person sat down on it and the carpet was dirty.Downtown Miami is under major construction and the constant noise during the day was irriating. It woke us @ 0700 the following morning. We counted 26 cranes in the downtown area from our balcony. Use that as a guide for the noise level in the area.As well our room faced the boat bridge that alarmed EVERY TIME a boat needed through. Another cost we didn't expect $24.00/valet parking. The other option was parking in a public parkade for $12.50 without in/out privleges. Internet was not free. Disappointing for a 4 star hotel.I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	-1	1	

<Author>HAFSTBS
<Content>Great Hotel near Cruiseship Port We got a Friday night at the Hyatt for $110 + tax (yeah Priceline!) It was a great place to stay the night before a cruise because it was about a 15 min cab ride from the airport and then another 10 min cab ride to the cruise terminal. The rooms were nice, we had a room with a balcony. There is a pool (which I did not use) and a small fitness room (which I did). For dinner Friday night, the hotel recommended a place called Perricones, which I HIGHLY recommend. It is about a 15 min walk from the hotel, but you can also take the FREE, yes FREE monorail link. It is about 3 stops away. And it is FREE! Breakfast at the hotel was good, but way overpriced, that was my only complaint, but had we been more adventurous, I'm sure we could have found a Starbucks or something nearby. The sports bar was fun, we went there Friday night after dinner and had some drinks and played Photo Hunt and games on the machines there.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYNat07
<Content>Hyatt Regency - Missing A Couple Of Stars This hotel's 4 STAR rating is over-rated. One should not have to deal with issues such as soiled linens, dirty fridge (that did not work properly by the way) at a 4 star hotel. Other charges are OUTRAGEOUS - parking, phone usage etc. The room was just okay, more of what you would expect at a 3 star hotel - nothing to shout about. So the bottom line...OVER-RATED.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>flowercat13
<Content>Noisy but nice       the room 2  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	3	-1	1	

<Author>lovetotravelmore
<Content>Hyatt Regency Miami We stayed at Hyatt on 3/25 after a cruise on Carnival Valor. We had stayed here last year as well. Taxi fare from the Port of Miami to the Hyatt was about $27.00. We had early check in with no problem. We were in room 2230 which had a bay view. The first thing we noticed was there were no chairs on the balcony like last year. The sliding door was also stuck and we couldn't open it. We called the front desk to request both chairs for the balcony and for the door to be fixed, they sent some one up within an hour to fix the door. I also asked this person about the chairs. We spent the afternoon over at Bayside Marketplace, came back several hours later and still no chairs! There was also no ice bucket liner (there was a hair inside the bucket), and no ashtray (in a smoking room). I went to the front desk in person this time to ask for chairs, a liner and ashtry. In about 30 minutes the liner and ashtray arrived, and the guy said he was going to go get some chairs for the balcony. Well, we checked out at 6:00 am for our flight and we still hadn't received any chairs for the balcony, and the person at the front desk didn't bother to ask how our stay was. Luckily I had reserved this room at a discounted rate through Working Advantage for $135.00, but was still disappointed in the lack of service in comparison to last year. The room rate listed on the door was $559! They've got to be kidding!Don't get me wrong, the hotel is not horrible by any means, but I'm not so sure I will stay at the Hyatt on our future trips to Miami. They have put up three new condo's or hotels nearby since the last time I was there that you don't have a great view of the bay any more. And chairs for the balcony seem hard to come by ;)  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sam629
<Content>good but noisy construction My husband and I stayed at this hotel while attending a convention in Miami. The hotel itselt was fine--even good--but the noise level from the construction all around was really quite bothersome. On the days we left the hotel prior to 8:00am and returned after 7:00pm, we experienced no noise. However, even on Saturday morning, there was construction. That being said, our room was large and, had there not been construction, I think we would have enjoyed the view of the bay. We had a great, comfy king size bed with clean linens and a nice fluffy duvet, a pullout coach, coffee table, desk, and chair. While the hotel doesn't want to change the towels and the sheets, we requested the towels changed daily and the sheets changed twice in our 5 night stay. The tv was located on an island in the middle of the room. There was no mini bar in the room but a some store was open very late at night--very convenient. We had plenty of towels. The housekeeping staff replaced shampoo and soap. The bathroom itself could really use some updating. In the bathroom, there was a space where there most likely was a set of shelves--it seemed wierd open and the floor and molding were in disrepair there. Newspapers were available at the consierge desk and cabs easily hailed by the bell staff. Check in and check out were quick. We did not get to the pool but it looked nice. The food and service in the sports bar were good. I ordered room service on a Friday night. It came quickly, the server was very polite and friendly, and the food was really good. This hotel adjoins the Miami Convention Center (our convention was not located here). We did walk through this convention center to take the Metro Mover on Saturday morning. A free and interesting idea, the map is a bit confusing for newbies. Saw security twice and there were cameras everywhere. I was a bit freaked but frankly, it's cleaner than NY subways and probably safe--I'm just not used to it. We had a convention rate but had to pay the full rate of $269 on our last night which was a Saturday night. Having stayed in hotels of the same and better caliber in several major cities, my feeling is this is too high for this particular hotel.  
<Date>Mar 23, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>bethy2120
<Content>Better than expected!            
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>j&kmusic
<Content>Very Happy After reading other reviews I was a bit apprehensive about the Hyatt, but I was pleasantly surprised. I requested to be far from the construction, and the front desk was very accommodating. I got a great room with a view and two balconies with sliding glass doors! I was impressed because they knew I was a priceline customer, and they didn't announce it upon check-in (as has happened frequently to me) and were happy to honor a room request (as a priceline user, I can say that has never happened before). The beds are excellent, the room was very nice and spacious, the location is pretty good although downtown Miami seems seedy in general and completely under construction. If you want a real vacation spot stay on the beach, but for being in downtown on business it's a good choice. Public transportation is nearby, either the Metromover or the bus system (I used both). The gym was great with individual TVs on the cardio equipment. I only paid $90/night, so I was extremely happy with my stay.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>lmcanida
<Content>OK Stay       view from the 21st floor  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	3	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mihamom
<Content>hyatt regency miami I agree with others that the hotel is noisy. And I live in NY on the flight path to Kennedy. The bed was wonderful, and the room I had was quite large. I was on the 19th floor, which brought the noise level to a reasonable pitch, and I recommend requesting a high floor. The staff was quite nice. The gym was a bit small with all machines taken at 7am, the pool was small for my liking. I do like the deli in the lobby- great Cobb salad for $7.50.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chicritic
<Content>Nice hotel, but noisy at night The bed was extremely comfortable, room clean, but dated decor. Sliding door had a proble. One big down side is it was very noisy, between the drawbridge, car alarms, bellman whistles for cabs etc, it was tough to sleep well. Stayed 3 nights, 2 unplanned due to delayed cruise departure. Staff was very nice. Exercise facilities above average, pool average, food good  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mrfuni
<Content>Overall Nice experience Stayed at The Hyatt Downtown Miami because I wanted to be close to The American Airlines Arena for a Billy Joel concert. Downtown Miami is in the middle of a revitalization project and construction is everywhere. Hotel prices are very expensive, and used www.priceline.com and got a good rate at The Hyatt. After reading the reviews I was a little skeptical, but it's a Hyatt Regency and it can't be too bad. We were pleasantly surprised to find a nice staff, clean and comfortable room with a balcony, and convenient to Bayside and the arena. They are connected to the parking garage, and office complex, and The Metromover, a free train loop that circles downtown. We took the Metromover from the hotel to Bayside, and walked to the AA Arena for the concert. Felt safe the entire evening.I would recommend the Hyatt Regency Downtown and didn't see any evidence of the problems past reviewers had. Maybe the hotel cleaned up it's act because it was a wonderful experience for my wife and I.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>Carriev
<Content>Horrible construction site- totally 1992 hotel in need of makeover I could have handed the crane operator from the building construction site next door a coffee from my balcony. Fine, but not for a CORPORATE NEGOTIATED DISCOUNT rate of $230 per night! If I had a camera you might not believe the proximity of not only the crane, but the entire view of a city under construction (of course I can't gripe to Hyatt about city-wide construction). Endless noise, peeling paint, dated room service menu, no mini bar, etc, etc, etc. I say save yourself tons of cash and stay at the Courtyard Hotel or Holiday Inn or pay the same amount and stay at the Intercontinental. All are within 2 blocks of this hotel. Safe travels everyone!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	4	3	

<Author>pierrepont
<Content>Dump A time warp. Friendly staff, but 80s infrastructure. Somehow a tidal wave of new development in Miami has missed this corner of downtown which is a museum of awful urban renewal: concrete viaducts, garages, retaining walls, columns everywhere-- you are staying in Miami but the decor is vaguely Soviet. Terrific people upgraded me to a giant room but still there was a large unexplainable wet spot on the carpet in the living area.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>plouisegb
<Content>Below average, and what's with the staff's lack of area knowledge? The lobby was fine, but the rooms were sub-par. One quickly realizes that the only people staying there are stuck there because they're attending a convention (the Miami Convention Center is attached) or going on a cruise. Lobby constantly filled with people and their luggage lining up to get on buses to go to their ship.Main complaint: The staff we came across had no idea how to direct visitors to their city. Again, I imagine that due to their clientele, they aren't often asked whether there are any restaurants within walking distance. Nevertheless, we were told flatly no, save one (Capital Grill). We decided that was impossible and set out on foot anyway to discover dozens of places. We had several good meals in vibrant litte blocks of nightlife. I think Miami Ave and 10th-14th streets, and some others the other direction as well. How could they not know this?(by the way, Duo was delish though pricey, and Indochine was loud and fun and quite good, too. We walked past several restaurants en route to these, that were all packed: French, Italian, Mediterranean, bars, etc.)We asked again the next morning if there was a place we could walk to have breakfast and they said no. We said then we'll head to Key Biscayne and eat there...was there something there? Only the Ritz Carlton. Hard to believe, and again, turned out to be totally untrue. We walked out the front of the hotel and could SEE a bakery from there. Walked over and had a delicious (though casual) breakfast with mostly locals. South American sweet breads, omelettes, proper espresso. Maybe the hotel thinks their clientele only likes IHOP. Don Pan was the name of it, and it fit the bill. We wandered another block to buy water and found a street with a half dozen casual restaurants, including Quizno's and an independent Chinese and Japanese place, and a Starbucks. The concierge didn't know any of this??Furthermore, Key Biscayne is a town, not a resort only island. Therefore, there were DOZENS of restaurants of every caliber. Cafes, Starbucks, diners, restaurants. Baffling. Anyway, despite the look of the place, the seemingly bad location with no sidewalks and construction and makeshift roads everywhere, we (two women, who never felt threatened), found great places despite the hotel staff's determination to keep us away from them.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>travelmavenLaJolla
<Content>Not As Bad as Previous Reviews This Hyatt Regency is located in downtown Miami. As you can see by previously posted pictures, there is a tremendous amount of construction going on in this vicinity as the area is being revitalized. Please do no think of beaches and palm trees when you book here. This is a downtown property that shuts down after business hours.We booked here for a 6 night stay and after reading the reviews on Tripadvisor we were very hesitant about staying at the hotel...not so much for the location because I know Miami very well and I knew exactly where we would be and what I wanted from the hotel.The property itself does need some sprucing up...I agree the lobby looks fine. Yes, there was a spot on the carpet by the sink, but I think it was from someone spilling something that removed the dye. I did find a place in the hall where the wallpaper was coming unglued, but the room itself was updated. Nice fabrics and amenities. As a matter of fact, while there, they even replaced the shower curtain, although it looked fine the way it was. They adjusted the shower pressure without a request.The hotel is not all Bayview...contrary to what someone wrote. When checking in the desk agent said there could be some noise on the bay side and would we prefer a quiet room?The room was clean and organized daily when we returned. We called down and our car was there when we arrived at the front door.It is possible there is uneven service...but we stayed the entire 6 nights without regret.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TorontoOntario
<Content>Disappointed. Rooms were not 4* quality. We were thrilled to be staying at the Hyatt pre-cruise but was very disappointed in this hotel. Lobby was a 4* lobby but rooms were definitely not 4* quality. Rooms are more like a 2* or at the most, a 3*. Booked 2 rooms. Was shown 4 rooms and 2 were extremely musty, all were somewhat dirty, all had rusty lamps. Just settled on the two best of the bunch. Pros: Excellent and professional front desk staff, relatively close to the Metromover, beds are comfortable, toiletries are excellent, shower water pressure is excellent. They allowed us to check in early. Cons: Rooms need a major renovation job. Very noisy due to construction and poor sound proofing in rooms. Rooms with a bay view are very musty. Poor air conditioning/ air circulation. Need to pay for Internet. Not a lot of off site restaurants within easy walking distance. Metromover station was too far for my senior mother to keep walking to and from to for several trips we made in the day.Wouldn't stay here again unless major room renovations are made  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	5	4	2	

<Author>merrijen
<Content>Just horrible! A friend and I arrived on December 16th on a gray, rainy Saturday morning for a 3 night stay.The lobby was deserted and very unwelcoming, but the girl at check in was friendly and helpful.This was the only high spot of our 2 hour stay.We arrived in our (very small!) room to be greeted by noise from the building site below that was so loud we could not hold a conversation. The view was awful, mostly a giant concrete convention center and more building sites.We went straight back to reception and were told there were no other rooms available. After going back to the room we realised how filthy it was. The carpet hadn''t been cleaned for days and the bathroom was very grotty and also not very clean.We got on to their very bad internet service and promptly booked a hotel in Fort Lauderdale, booked a cab and left after 2 hours!I cannot believe that this was a Hyatt Regency hotel. It was old, shabby and dirty and needs some serious attention. We had booked and paid in advance for 3 days but we'd rather lose the money than have to stay there. Very disappointing, as this was supposed to be a treat!Avoid at all costs until they get some renovations done!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sportingreview
<Content>Bring Your Construction Hat and Ear Plugs Travelocity sold me this package and charged an extra $150.00 for a Bayview When we arrived they didn't have our room so my kid had to sleep on a couch! But they called that an upgrade. Then we found out that the entire hotel has a Bayview. But travelocity charged us extra for what we were already getting. Watch out for travelocity. They are deceptive. The entire area around the hotel is under construction and the area is very dangerous. Go to South beach and skip this hotel. And definitely do not trust travelocity!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>jechath
<Content>not great My husband and I stayed here two times in the month of August. The rooms were ok though both had moldy odors. The beds were very comfortable but the bathrooms are incredibly outdated. I would not consider this to be on par with four star hotels or the Hyatt brand. The second time we checked in, the room we received was only half cleaned. We requested another room and were able to move but I still didn't like the inconvinience. We were not offered any sort of apology. The hotel is not in the best part of Miami. I am very familiar with the city and downtown Miami is not a safe place to roam around at night.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	2	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>northstartravels
<Content>Stylish and Pleasant The hotel is stylish both in its common areas and in the rooms. The lobby has different sections and levels that make it intimate, with comfortable and attractive furniture. The rooms are beautiful. The beds and desks are set in an unusual, pleasing style facing the window and balcony. The bed itself-- way comfortable. The setting of the hotel was less pleasing. It is off by itself between an elevated highway exit and a canal/river. This provides a nice river terrace, but set in an isolated concrete jungle that is hard to get out off. I am not familiar with Miami and so my complaint here may be more about this rather unappealing downtown than the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wuteva
<Content>Disgusting A short pre-cruise stay was too long. The place is outdated, but great if you want to get mugged or bothered by homeless people in Miami. The hotel is in the center of downtown, but this is not NYC or Chicago. We are talking exteme third world country surroundings, so downtown during the day is annoying at best, and at night not an option because of the surroundings.As far as the room and ammenities, it was not Hyatt standards. The maintenance people and their superiors were rude when we asked about plumbing issues in our room. The grounds are not grounds you'd expect, and their staff doesn't help the look.If you need a couple nights in town, either go South Beach and enjoy, or if you obligated to downtown, try the Mandarin Oriental, where you wont want to leave.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>1	2	2	1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>judylee88
<Content>so so Hello Folks- you really get what you pay for. We stayed at this hotel for one night to board our cruise on Sun. The hotel is beautiful outside, staff at front desk was great. But they really need to renovate this hotel, there was a stench in the hallway that was very bad. The room was very outdated. But again, for the price, cant complain much. There really is not much going on around the hotel either. If you are use to hotels that is 4-5 stars (last hotel we stayed at was Wynn in LV), that really lived up to the name, this is more of a 2-3 stars max.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>CorrieDekker
<Content>Great hotel, the best service We stayed at the hotel for 3 nights and we had a room with Bayview on the 7th. floor. Girl at the front desk (Olivera) was very nice and accurate. Rooms were beautifull, spacious, very clean and the view was great. Hotel lounge and bar were nice and the buffet restaurant was very good. Nice location near Bayside Marketplace.We'll stay there again!!Fam. Dekker  Fam van Bodegom The Netherlands  
<Date>Sep 27, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>cruise7
<Content>Not great I stayed at the hotel for business.1. The room was old and outdated. Mold in the shower.2. Not in an area you want to walking around at night. No Shuttle.3. food in hotel so so.The staff was great.Would not stay again.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	3	4	2	

<Author>glenulia
<Content>Great deal, great hotel       View  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StrawberryShortcake
<Content>I didnt want to leave, can't wait to return!! Please DO NOT believe any of the bad reviews for the Hyatt Regency because it is FABULOUS!!!!! My boyfriend and I stayed here for 3 days and it was by far one of our BEST vacations ever. We are regular visitors to Miami and we always stay on South Beach. This time we didnt want to deal with all the people that South Beach attracts but at the same time, we did not want to miss all the action. We were reluctant to stay at the Hyatt because of all the bad reviews we read. However, to our great surprise, everything about the hotel and our stay there so great. Our room was the grand king bedroom and the bed was very comfortable. The bathroom area is completely separate from the bedroom area. Or room had private balconies that over looked Biscayne Bay, we spent much of our time sitting out on the balconies watching the boats. The view is stellar. We were able to enjoy South Beach every night because it is literally 10 minutes away. The rooms are very private and you dont hear any noise coming from the hallways. The hotel staff was very friendly and helpful and they made us feel very welcome. The staff was very pleasant and always greeted us cheerfully whenever we entered and left the hotel and they gave us great advice on where to go.The Valet Parking was very convient because we didnt have the hassle of finding parking and paying everytime we left. Its a good idea to have your own transportation because downtown itself has a lame nightlife but the Coconut Grove and the beaches are a stone's throw away. To get to the resturant and stores you have to drive. The service here was great and hassle free. I was sad we had to leave. I loved it so much that we have 2 future trips to Miami planned and we have already resevered our rooms here. I can't wait to return, this hotel is GREAT!!!!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>RLG_9595
<Content>Very disappointed in the Hyatt Regency Had an awesome time in Miami however, would never consider staying at the Hyatt Regency Miami. Arrived approx. 3pm., line at check-in, one person working the desk. Room very worn!! Needs major up-date!! Hairdryer and coffee maker in the room did not work. Called for new hairdryer never brought up to the room until we called again the next day. Bed pillows had awful smell!! Did not use a pillow the entire stay!! Just gross!! Suppose to receive breakfast vouchers at check in, never did. Had to call the front desk. Would never recommend or stay again. This hotel really needs to step it up!!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hafman99
<Content>Wonderful Stay Upon checking-in, we were warned that there would be a loud party taking place on the terrace of an adjacent building. Seeing this as an opportunity to upgrade our stay, we jumped at the chance. Sure enough, after a simple request, we were given a room on the Regency Club floor - a private floor at the top with a lounge providing unlimited food and (non-alcoholic) drinks which was kept stocked throughout the breakfast and early-dinner hour. The room itself was beautiful and the views unmatched. We paid $109 per night for a room that would normally cost more than double! The loud party we were warned about turned out to be a concert featuring some of my favorite artists! Unlike others, I did not find the area to be too risky to walk around at night. Though it was deserted, a quick ride on the Metromover (free monorail within downtown) from Bayside got us to the hotel in under five minutes. Parking was relatively inexpensive for Miami at only $12, though no in/out privileges.I would definitely consider staying here again - hopefully there's another loud party!  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Svein
<Content>Get a room away from the bridge Stayed here one nigth pre transatlantic cruise. Checked in 2 PM, was checked in rigth away. I saw later in the afternoon lots of people queing to check in. As iI had bougth the room for $ 90 at Price-line, check out was done very quickly. We had a room facing the bridge, which is made from a steel-mesh, creating a disturbing noise trhough the whole nigth and making it almost impossible to sleep, - so get a room facing the other way.We could not find a good restaurant in this area, but felt safe walking around in this hispanic neighborhood. So we had dinner at the hotel next door to Hyatt, the Marriott CourtYard. Breakfast was not easy to catch with so many guests arriving at almost the same time. Crise port 5 min drive away from hotel. There are construction works going on, to all sides of the hotel. Nearby Flagler street had lots of shops, but the area looked outdated. I do not think I would stay in thios hotel again, and would therefore avoid using Priceline for a Miami booking, because if you choose ' downtown Miami 4-star', you would probably end up in this hotel again.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Fatwalleter
<Content>Great Service We chose the Hyatt as a recommendation. We thought we could see the port from this Hotel. However, with the recent construction of new sky scrapers this is no longer the case for this Hotel. We utilized this Hotel as a Pre Cruise Hotel. A better choice would be the Marriott at Biscayne.We found the service, the food, and the staff to be of excellent service. The Concierge, Dion has an Awesome personality and is very helpful.We used Priceline for this hotel and were given a suite with 2 balconies, on the top floor! Our room was very comfortable. The hotels location is an easy walk to Bayside. However, if you are in need of a rental car, there is a rental car station located in the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Grandmastertraveller
<Content>Beautiful Views at the Hyatt I just stayed one night at the Hyatt Miami- loved it. I like it so much I'm going back again in two days for 2 nights. I checked in at the electronic kiosks- smooth. They gave me an end room which was really a suite. It was big room with a dining room table and 4 chairs and a couch besides for my huge king size bed. The room had floor to ceiling windows overlooking the bay and a great view of the buildings of downtown ( I was on the 19th floor). I'm not saying you're gonna get a room this big- but I did and it was great. I can't speak about much else there b/c I didn't use the pool or excercise room or eat there. I loved it and I plan to go back and back. The truth is I love all the Hyatts I've been to (Orlando, Jersey City, O'Hare and more) and this is another one to add to my favorite list. Thank you Hyatt Miami and I'll see you soon.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sheryll
<Content>Needs a total revamp We did the Romance Package which upgraded us to a suite, with complimentary champagne and chocolates and free movies. The size of the suite was fine, but the bathroom quite small and then outside the bathroom was an open sink area which we did not like as if someone opened the bathroom door and you were at the sink you got hit.The hotel needed a revamp, I found it satisfactory but my Husband did not enjoy it at all and couldnt wait to leave.The restaurant was satisfactory, we had a pleasant meal our first night ( can highly recommend the Goats Cheese Ravioli with pinenuts and Balsomic cream sauce)but were not that keen to go back a second time. Breakfast Buffett was quite expensive for what was on offer, althought the service in the restaurant was very good. Would not go back, in fact our last night we stayed at the Sofitel Maimi at the Airport and it was a wonderful hotel.The Hyatt Hotel was downtown (we were advised not to go out at night or at least get a taxi or drive, not safe to walk). During the day and early evening we could walk to Bayside (where you can shop and dine and get cruises to tour the wonderful Biscayne Bay. IF you want a good honest meal but a large meal at a reasonable price to the the Bubba Gump SHrimp CO at Bayside, great value but take your appetite.There seemed to be a lot of conference and business people at this hotel, but we would not stay there again. We thought being a Hyatt Hotel it would certainly be a much higher standard than it was.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>emily174
<Content>Hyatt, great hotel and location My husband and I stayed here a day prior to a cruise, and thought the hotel was wonderful. The room we stayed in was very clean and spacious and the decor looked very new. We had a small balcony with an amazing view of the city. The Metromover has a stop right next the hotel and provides free transportation. We went to a great shopping area and had a nice dinner there. The only downside is that the restaurant on site was very expensive.  
<Date>May 22, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lovetotravelmore
<Content>Hyatt - Miami My daughter and I stayed at the Hyatt for one night before our cruise, we chose the location because it is very close to the cruise port (about $12.00 taxi ride). The hotel was very clean, with plenty of room. Ice and soda machines in the hallway. The pool is small but was nice and clean. This hotel is in the financial district, there are no stores / restaurants close by, lots of traffic since there is a convention center attached to the building. The hotel food was way too expensive for our budget (pancakes $14.00, orange juice $4.00, bacon and eggs $22.00). We got a reduced rate on the room (rack rate was $339.) through Working Advantage for $135.We would stay at this hotel again, but would have lunch before getting there and bring breakfast items for the next morning ;) I'm sure it would be perfect for the business traveler with an expense account.  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED THE HYATT!!! I stayed at the Hyatt Jan. 7-12, but just found this website which is why I'm posting now. I LOVED the Hyatt, and can't believe the bad reviews on here. I've been in many hotels as I travel a lot, and this was one of the nicest I've stayed at. The rooms were large and beautiful. The partial wall in front of the bathroom gave a lot of privacy, and the large closet gave us an extra place to change in, as I was traveling with 2 other people. The pool was nice, and the staff was always around to hand out towels and pick up ones not being used. The staff at the hotel were extremely friendly and helpful, especially at the concierge desk. They always gave us great advice on where to go and how to get there. The Metromover was right there, and was very convenient. The bus was only a few blocks away, but I wouldn't recommend taking it all the way back to the hotel at night, as the hotel is not in a great part of town. Take the bus to Bayside, then take a cab to the hotel...it only costs a few dollars for the cab. Cabs were always available outside the hotel, and a staff member would go down to the street to get one if there wasn't. I would definitely stay at the Hyatt again. I thoroughly enjoyed my stay!!!  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Dog-man
<Content>An ok choice, if you have to stay downtown Downtown Miami does not offer much for the non-business traveler. Except for Bayside place, which is a contemporary open-air mall, there is not much regularly going on. On my last day, I was hard-pressed to find a simple breakfast place within 20 minutes of the hotel. If you can stay in Miami Beach/South Beach, do so.As for the hotel, it was nice and service (check-in, taxi stand, etc.) were generally pleasant and effiecient. I got a back room -- city view of the back of the convention center, but there was a Latino festival, so the smell from the patio was great! My colleague had an upper-level front room, but the noise of the trucks going over the drawbridge woke him. My room was clean and had a very nice layout with a 3/4 wall separating the sleeping area from the dressing area/sink, which gave a sense of open-ness and a larger space.Two complaints: some age and housekeeping. The grout in the tub showed age as it was discolored. Additionally, as I only stayed two nights, I only had housekeeping once. In that one time, they left a piece of paper on the floor, knocked my pajamas onto the floor and left them there, and did not restock toiletries and used towels.Did not eat there, use the pool, although I saw others in it and it looked nice.  
<Date>May 13, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Just average Great waterfront view from balcony. Room, halls, public areas clean, yet bathroom shabby, moldy, needs updating. Very noisy in daytime due to multi construction sites all around - would help if they updated sliding balcony door (needed resealing). Employees all VERY nice. Parking by valet a pain, $23 +tips, but self parking way off-site  charged to come and go. Very close to South Beach  traffic in that area not that bad. Not an area to walk around after dusk either - drive to restaurants. Best for business travelers - not vacationers.  
<Date>May 12, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay We have just returned from a precruise and postcruise night at the Hyatt Regency Miami. Check in was a breeze and staff very pleasant. We were upgraded to a petite suite precruise . I asked for early check in for post cruise and received it. We also were given a late checkout. The rooms are very nice and I would stay here again.Service was excellent.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>friedman29
<Content>A four-star weekend My wife and I just got back form a quick weekend (away from the kids) in Miami. We got a great deal on Priceline and had a wonderful stay. Unlike some places, they treated us like royalty, even though we paid way less than rack rate. The staff was very helpful and nice. The room was clean and modern and the bed was very comfy. The location is excellent and having the Metromover right there is definitely a plus, since getting around by car is difficult (better to leave it parked and walk or take the Metromover). The main downside was parking -- tough to find and expensive. But we had a great stay and look forward to going back to the Hyatt.  
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>sjmartins
<Content>Avoid it, unless favored by a real bargain. Pro: spacious room (8th floor), basic room amenities, clean room (if you don't forget tipping), easy traffic access, link to Metromover/Metrorail.Cons: one of the worst breakfast I ever tried in USA, bellow average room service, expensive parking rate, unhelpful Concierge (!), disinterested Staff.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noise problems at the Hyatt I stayed for the ADAA conference in late march. I had room 1111. I requested a room that was not on the infamous drawbridge side due to the experience of so many tripadvisor reviewers. For 6 of the 7 nites I was there, it was pretty quiet. The room was pretty nice. I was feeling glad I read the reviews and picked the quiet side. I did have a problem with the sliding glass door. The latch was so hard to push that I pinched my finger badly and it started to bleed profusely. I had to buy some antiseptic and band aids. I recommend that anyone use a hard back book or other hard item to push the latch. Then my last nite, which was a monday, there was a party across the road on my side at the Bank of America. It was a band or disco on an outdoor patio. It was probably the loudest party I have ever heard! It went unitll 12:30 AM. Fortunately I did not need to get up early the next day. I complained to the front desk and they said they couldn't do anything due to the fact that the party givers had a permit from the city. The front desk said that a lot of people complained about the noise. I have some $300 Bose noise cancelling headphones and they didn't even help! The noise problems were so severe that I wanted to warn people that you may not be able to escape the noise. Bottom line is stay on the quiet side and ask about any scheduled parties at the B of A before booking!  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't stay here again My dad and I stayed here for one night before a cruise in January. We used the self check-in option, which was really quick and convenient as we checked in pretty late in the evening. The room itself was quite disappointing. The carpet had several stains and a candy wrapper on it, the curtains, desk and desk lamp were very dusty, and the water pressure in the sink and shower were really low. The room just had a dirty feel overall, and it was obvious that it wasn't cleaned as thoroughly after guests checked out. Luckily I received a really good deal on priceline, so my pockets weren't hit as hard as others who may have paid full price to stay here. However, I still expected the rooms to at least be clean and well kempt, especially since it is considered a 4-star hotel. One bright spot was that upon check-out, our bill reflected a pay-per-view movie that we never actually ordered, and the front desk clerk wiped it out without any fuss. I wouldn't stay here again if I had the choice.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MBMiner
<Content>One night stand - enough! My wife and I stayed her for one night in connection with an early morning meeting at INS. It proved very convenient for this purpose, as their offices are a five-minute walk just across the river. This hotel is a bit run down as previous reviewers have noted. We were greeted very warmly at the front desk. The worst aspect of our location facing the Bay and cruise port was the awful noise of the drawbridge. The noise is terrible, which wasn't helped by the fact that the sliding glass door in the room didn't close tightly. The food is very expensive and we ran up a $58 bill on just a hamburger for dinner and oatmeal and orange juice for breakfast. $4.00 for a small glass of orange juice! I might stay here again if it was essential to be in that part of Miami but not otherwise.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sk84fungirl
<Content>In need of a renovation Stayed at this hotel Feb 20-23, 2006 after canceling reservation at Intercontinental.Stay was for business. Arrived a Miami international. Drive from airport is 20 minutes or less. Construction is terrible around airport and traffic around Miami downtown is similar to that of other large cities. It's not too go. So don't be in a hurry for a meeting. Allow yourself enough time to get to the hotel from the airport.Check-in was quick. Lobby is lackluster at best. Valet was quick and cost $23 a day. Self-park is not convenient at this hotel. Room was on the 23rd floor with Bay view. This is also the floor of the Regency club. This is a very small area that provides continental breakfast for select guests and evening snacks. Nothing to write home about.The room was clean with signs of obvious wear. Room and hotel is dated and in need of serious renovations. The outside temperature averaged low 80's during my stay. The room was always comfortable. The hotel offers Wi-Fi through T-mobile Hot Spot. I'm not a fan of the service because the signal was always weak and you have to use a credit card vs the 9.99 per day being charged to your room.I had a double room. The bed was quite comfortable. Nothing spectacular. Outside of the Regency room, I did not attempt any of the hotels amenities. I used concierge for some directions. The lady that assisted me was great. The staff at the hotel was very pleasant. I would definitely rate them Excellent.Others in my group stayed at the Intercontinental. Views from their rooms were of the bay, Port of Miami, and South Beach, Bayside, etc. Views were very nice. Externally and in the lobby, the hotel was more appealing. Because the hotel is across the street from the park, there is free parking that is very convenient. I'm sure on weekends it would be difficult to find a spot. However, there is a garage right next door as well.We utilized the tram from the hotel to Bayside for dinner. When returning from Bayside, we took a taxi for $5. The drive is no more than five minutes. However, downtown is pretty deserted after business hours. I did not feel comfortable walking from Bayside to the Hyatt. If I stayed at the Intercontinental, I would have walked as it is literally across the park.If I had to, I would stay at the Hyatt again. Overall, it was an OK stay.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A bit run down Imagine my surprise when checking into a $400 a night hotel and it was run down and a bit dirty. The staff were all very friendly and helpful, but that didn't make up for the fact that our room was dated, the shower was awful, and the carpets were filthy.On top of it all, we found downtown Miami to be in similar disrepair - dirty, run down, and construction everywhere.Don't waste your money on the Hyatt.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very poor service I stayed at the Hyatt because it was the host hotel for the Miami marathon. It proved to be a miserable host. I, and several other runners, waited hours for our rooms. We all waited in the noisy and crowded lobby, stood in line to re-check with the front desk, and nothing happened. The staff and manager never acted to make sure the rooms were made ready beyond a single call to housekeeping. The Hyatt staff provided completely unacceptable service since everyone wanted to rest and relax for the 6am race start.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>msluvcruzin
<Content>Good Ammenties - Not the cleanest hotel Stayed here 1 night post-cruise. Check-in staff was very friendly and was able to get us checked in early. We had a 2 double room non-smoking facing the Miami River. First thing we noticed - one of the beds had sand on the bedspread from someone maybe putting a shoe on it. We didn't need the bedspread anyhow so off it went. The hotel was full so we just shrugged it off as an oversight on the cleaning staff. We tried to use the Concierge services to do early check-in for our airflights and the 2 working there looked confused and then pointed us to business services. There is a charge to use the internet $30 an hr. using their laptops and 25 cents for printouts. I thought this was extreme so we asked someone at the front desk to assist. Joseph helped us out and within a few min's we were checked in for the flights. That afternoon we checked out the bathroom area in our room. DISGUSTING. Mold everywhere. I took pictures to send to Hyatt. The floor wasn't vaccumed either and we found food between the nightstand and bed, mold on the wall and a few dead bugs (at least they weren't alive). It's such a shame as this is a beautiful hotel with nice dining and sports bar. All it would take is a good cleaning staff and some clorox-cleanup to bring it up to code.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>hkmd
<Content>Nice hotel, uninteresting location This hotel itself and the staff are very adequate but being located in downtown Miami is a hinderance. It is far from the beaches and its pool and health facilities are very small, considering it is in Florida. The surrounding area is undergoing a great deal of building and renovation so currently it is noisy; I am sure it will improve in the next few years. Overall a good hotel for business meetings but not for vacationers.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Serenat17
<Content>Good service, nice rooms, expensive area       The Bay from the Balcony  
<Date>Jan 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very compassionate and helpful.       This was our view of the Bank of America building, it changed colors every night!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Hyatt Experience I too was hesitant after reading the reviews, but found many of them very helpful in that they explained what the reviewer did or didn't like and gave a prpspective traveler some ideas of what to request or request not to have.We stayed on the Regency Club floor which included continental breakfast and hors d'oeuvres in the late afternoon. The rooms were very clean, modern, comfortable and spacious. We had a king sized bed and it was as comfortable as my own bed at home. We were traveling with our 17 year old son and asked for a rollaway bed which was delivered within minutes. The mattress was thick and he too was very comfortable. We had a corner room so that even with the additional bed, there was enough room so we weren't on top of one another.Keep in mind that this hotel is in Miami and not Miami Beach so some of the noise, expense and congestion mentioned in earlier reviews, is exactly what you would find in most major cities. The difference is the city and bay views you get if your on a relatively high floor, are extraordinary. The convenience to South Beach, Bal Harbor, Coral Gables, Miami seaport, etc. makes this hotel a wonderful choice. The hotel is near highways and walking distance to good public transportation. The hotel has a small fitness center, and a small, but very nicely appointed pool and seating area.We stayed for 4 nights during Christmas week and had a wonderful stay. They have an Enterprise right on site which also is very convenient. I would not hesitate in recommending this hotel. If it's possible, I would recommend upgrading to the Regency Club floors.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cleptomaniacs I stayed at Hyatt for the Christmas holidays this year.. i had the following problems:1- My ipod was stolen from my car during Valet parking and for the time I was staying there they kept on saying 鈥渨e will work on your claim and compensate you for it. The next day after my check they left me a message that they are not responsible for any kind of theft..!! How insensitive..!! By the way The Valet parking is managed by Central Parking and the hotel completely denies ownership of responsibility.2. The television was not working...3. For the folks at Hyatt housekeeping means just replacing towels and making the bed.4. Overall my experience was not that great.  The positives points are: rooms are decently sized with nice bathrooms and good bay view.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as good as the courtyard next door Fellow travellerswe stayed for two nights post hurricane Wilma after 2 nights at the courtyard Marriot next doorThe hyatt was amost twice the price, not much more in terms of facilties and lacking in atmosphere...except for the door staff who were genuinely (I'm a sucker for friendly service) all over us as we jumped in the taxi off to the next hotel on our trip In particular, we hated the smoking in the sports bar and the small rooms Could do better  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>DonnaA73
<Content>A great pre-cruise stay at the Hyatt Regency Contrary to several of the previous reviews, I must say that we had a comfortable and pleasant stay at the Hyatt Regency Miami. After a long and frustrating 2 and a 1/2 hour flight delay, we arrived at the Hyatt at approx. 9:30 p.m. Check-in was a breeze at this hour and the lobby was fairly quiet. The staff was very friendly and accomodating and before we knew it, we were headed up to our room on the 12th floor. Our room, which was classified as a petite suite, was exactly what we were hoping for. The room was a good size and had two balconies; one in the bedroom area and one in a separate sitting area. We found the entire room to be clean and comfortable. As most of the other reviewers noted, there was some noise from the downtown traffic and drawbridge, but it was by no means, bothersome. It was also nice being able to view the cruise ships right from our balcony. With regards to the surrounding area, if you are interested in shopping, Bayside Marketplace is within walking distance. Other than that, there is not too much as far as tourist attractions. If you do not mind hopping on the public bus, there is a bus every 20 minutes or so that runs from Bayside to South Beach for only $1.50 per person. We found this to be very convenient and money-saving. All-in-all, the Hyatt Regency Miami is a great choice for a short stay. Given the hotel's location, however, I would not recommend for anything longer than a few nights, as you may get bored or spend every dollar you have taking taxis to the hot spots.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cwagsg
<Content>really quite liked this hotel As with others, I was very apprehensive about staying at this hotel. I stayed for 2 nights before a cruise and didn't encounter any problems. As others say the dropoff area outside reception is chaotic, whether there is a convention on or not, but there are ways round this as one of our taxi drivers pointed out. reception  bell staff were great. very helpful and friendly. Our standard room was on the 12th floor directly overlooking the bridge. If you are a light sleper, this may be a problem, but to be honest we got used to it. The room was really well appointed, very clean and we had no other noise issues. the pool area is pleasant although not the most peaceful owing to the bridge and traffic, but again I wasn't hampered. DON'T BE PUT OFF THIS HOTEL!! It wouldn't be my first choice if I return to Miami, however I would quite happily stay again!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unbelievable The hotel was terrible. The room was filthy (the draperies, carpet, walls were all dirty). The beds were uncomfortable. This was by far the worst hotel that I have ever stayed in. This was my first time staying at a Hyatt Hotel and not a good experience. This totally ruined my vacation.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Cartman88
<Content>Enjoyed our stay .... We stayed in a Regency Club suite on the top floor for one night following a cruise. We had requested an early check in time and when we showed up at 12pm they advised our room was ready. The room was very nice and having access to the Regency Club area was great for tea/coffee/drinks plus a continental breakfast. The location was fairly central and the Bayside Markets were only a 10 min walk. We managed to get the room half price (approx $187 plus tax) and at that price it was reasonable value for money 鈥?if we had to pay any extra we would say there are better alternatives.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Recommended Hotel shares lobby and elevators with Miami Convention Center, usually crowded to very, very crowded depending on CC event. Elevators need room key to work above CC levels. If you are in the back it's very inconvenient when crowded. Traffic at hotel front is impossible gridlock when there is a big event. Food is very pricey even for Miami. Ask about ordering off the poolside menu for a better value; sandwiches, burgers, salads, etc, worked for us. Staff was very accomodating, a little Spanish goes a long way here. Neighborhood is tough to navigate on foot due to street layout. Access to people mover is all indoors and it's free. Use it to get around downtown Miami. Room is very average; not a good value for price, stay here only with a convention rate or if you really need to.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed feelings of Hyatt Miami Ok, my husband and I stayed at the Hyatt Regency Miami last week and honestly I could not say whether I liked the hotel or not. First of all, one of the problems we found when we got there was the location. Its literally almost in the middle of downtown Miami. If you're looking to stay in a relaxing hotel with the beach close by this is not the place. Unless you don't mind the noise of traffic and boats going back and forth in Biscayne Bay, this hotel is really not for you. I have to say, it was not what we expected. Like other reviews have said, the outside noise feels like it is right in your room. Since the hotel is practically located in the Convention Center, the lobby area gets really busy at night. This can be good or bad. The parking lot is a bit of a walk and its $12/day with no In or Out priviliges. Besides this we really liked our room, (eventhough we had to complain to be moved, because we paid for a suite and they gave us a room with the view of some building). After that mishap, we were happy with the room. The staff was very helpful and nice. Next time I got to Miami, I don't think I'll return to the Hyatt Regency. It just wasn't what we were looking for. I wouldn't recommend it either, unless you don't mind the little things I listed above.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>East_coast55
<Content>Great Experience at the Miami Hyatt! After viewing the other reviews, I was very apprehensive about staying at the Miami Hyatt, especially since I would be staying for five days during a conference. I was prepared to take a look and then move to the Marriott if the Hyatt looked bad. Not only was there no need for that, I had a great stay. Every point made in the other reviews was certaintly not evident during my stay. The Hyatt was very clean and very quiet. I had a room with a city view on the 20th floor. I did hear the bridge once, but it didn't disturb me at all. There is construction near the Hyatt but it seems that the whole of Miami is under construction. If you go you should just be aware of this as it would be unavoidable wherever you stay. Having said that, the Hyatt is very quiet- no evidence of the paper walls previously mentioned. I particularily enjoyed the way the the room was divided which prevented any light from coming in under the door. Another unexpected feature was the large walk-in closet. The staff of the hotel were also great. After five days, I had a good chance to see the staff in action. Everyone from the maids to the bellmen to the front desk staff were prompt, friendly, and helpful. As far as nearby attractions, the Bayside Marketplace is a short walk from the hotel. As far as the hotel being in a bad area- Miami is a big city like any other. If you use common sense precautions such as walking during the day and taking a cab after dark you will be just fine. The Riverwalk Deli in the Lobby has good sandwiches and they make a mean Starbucks latte, which I enjoyed while listening to the player piano. Try the Hyatt - I'm glad I did.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mice and Roach! I was there attending a CHIC conference and was flabbergasted when I saw six mice in the Regency Ballroom having a fieldday during a speech. The other was the roach in my closet . Not good for a hotel that i had so much expectation for! The employees ballroom were mostly hispanics and sometimes maintained their native tongue if the do not want to help you. That is also unfortunate for an ENGLISH speaking nation. The only thing that was reasonable was the price.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>2	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Stay at Hyatt Regency Miami       View from the hotel room  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>przyk
<Content>Nice enough hotel - Inconvenient location I stayed at this hotel for a business conference. When I checked in I mentioned having read the reviews about noise problems. I was given a room on the 19th floor with a city view. It was very quiet on that side. The hotel was clean and service was acceptable.The hotel is in a bad location for walking, not dangerous, just inconvenient. The lobby exits onto a rather steep hill and there is a freeway entrance that you have to cross to walk anywhere. We finally found an inside walkway to the Bank of America building that got us under the freeway. You can access the People mover train, which gives a free ride around downtown Miami.The pool is located next to the noisy bridge that is mentioned in other reviews. Not a very peaceful place for relaxation.I did not eat in the hotel. I found cheap breakfast and lunch within a block or 2. Evenings were spent at Bayfront, about a 6 block walk or short ride on the People mover.  
<Date>May 14, 2005
<Rating>3	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>cybrguys
<Content>Ok but noisy This would be a great motel if it was sound proofed. The motel was clean the front desk very helpful and the people mover right there is just great but we were on the 15th floor and the outside noise sounded like it was in our room. when the people in the next room would cough you could even hear that that is my only complaint about the motel THE NOISE  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mid40sTravellers
<Content>Just okay We stayed here for one night after a cruise. I got a reduced rate using my Entertainment card.I agree it is noisy on the bridge side of the hotel, which is where we were. If you are a light sleeper, as I am, bring earplugs. The king size bed was very comfortable. Although the room seemed clean enough, my husband noticed a gross layer of mold under the lip of the sink. The toilet felt like it was about to fall off the wall. The room seemed a little run down in some respects.We did like the amenities. Try the Tortilla Soup in the Riverside cafe, it was delicious. We walked to the Bayside Mall and spent most of the afternoon there. If you are into electronics there are a ton of stores along 2nd Street.I would not pay full rate for this place but would stay again if I got a cut rate.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely use Priceline!! I agree with the other postings to bring your earplugs if you can't sleep through noise (namely a loud buzzing drawbridge that sounds like an alarm clock!)That is our only complaint... However there is no way this hotel is worth $240 a night. We paid $50 on priceline and were so glad we did. There was a $25 ride from the airport, and $10 ride to the cruise port including tips.The room was organized in an efficient manner, and we loved the balcony. Unfortunately we faced the aforementioned buzzing drawbridge as well as a building being torn down with a wrecking ball!We had dinner at the sports bar and really enjoyed it.That all said, we'd definitely stay there again for the $50/night.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>carter-elston
<Content>Not Impressed - A Business Traveler's Hotel Only! I stayed at this hotel in order to attend a conference recently and was less than impressed. All I can say is that it was convenient. I had my family with me and the hotel was not family oriented or family friendly, especially for little kids. The room accomodations were fine and nice, but the view was terrible. It was a dusty view of Biscayne Bay with all its wonderful construction....nothing to write home to mom about and the dust was a bit overwhelming. In fact, even the pool area was less than pleasing. In fairness, perhaps when they finish all the construction and building downtown this hotel will be better...but for now it is terrible. I also found that it was not near many restaurants, other than fast food locales, coffee shops, and bakeries. The best restaurant options were at Bayside Marketplace, about a 8 blocks away. So, in summation, it was an o.k. hotel - only great for a meeting/conference (great meeting space) and not a 1st pick if you are looking to stay at a great vacation, get-a-way, family oriented, reasonably priced, or convenient hotel in Miami. I must add that we stayed 2 nights and then relocated....Enough is enough!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice but bring your earplugs This is not a bad hotel, but it does have a few shortcomings. First, we stayed on the river side of the hotel on the 18th floor, and all night long, whenever a bus or truck went over the toll bridge just below, it made an extremely loud crashing sound which would have kept me awake all night had it not been for my trusty earplugs. Second, the handle on the shower was broken and my husband had to fix it with a bottle opener in order to change the water temperature. Third, there was a safe in the room but no refrigerator (?). Fourth, Parking--$20 a night for valet, with the only other alternative being the self-parking down the street for $18.50 a night. Ouch.Fifth, the restaurant is expensive for what it serves. Glad we had dinner out. Breakfast was way high.All those things being said, The room was nicely appointed, no problems there. The staff was very friendly and courteous, and the amenities were plush. I might stay here again if I were to be able to book the room for what I paid through Priceline ($70 before taxes, etc., which put it up to just under $100 a night) but would ask for a room away from the river, eat away from the hotel, and not rent a car.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wismergirl
<Content>Spacious  We were in Hyatt on August 27, 2004. Originally, we chose to stay in Hyatt before our cruise because there was a Thrifty car rental office  it's pretty close to the Port of Miami. Unfortunately, the Thrifty office was closed a couple of months before our cruise date so we had to book a Budget car with an office in Downtown Sheraton which was directly opposite Hyatt. We got a really good rate at Hyatt; the senior rate was only $44.95 for a very spacious room. Upgrading to the Regency Club floors was only $32 extra  we had free buffet breakfast for 4 ($15 each if we had to pay). I reserved the hotel rooms way in advance in January, so the rate was absolutely unbeatable.The front desk staff was not as helpful as those in Eden Roc (where we stayed for 2 days before switching to Hyatt)  less friendly. When I asked for directions to go on the free Metromover (Miami鈥檚 downtown skyrail) to Bayside Market, they told us to get off 2 stops early so we had to walk under the unbearably hot sun for 10 minutes. I personally did not like Bayside Market as the merchandise was not as cheap as SOBE鈥檚 and the quality of food in the food court was only average. Basically, no one wanted to shop in the market stalls as there was no air-conditioning and even the air-conditioned food court was not cool enough. However, the air-conditioned Disney Store there had some excellent T-shirts for $5 and stuffed animals like a one-foot long Nemo was only $6.In general, Hyatt was my pick just because of the cheap price  the stay-for-2--1-night-free offer. Otherwise, I usually prefer Marriott which is more convenient and has a more pleasant view of the Port of Miami.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaxlore
<Content>Great Hotel Ok I have stayed here once and it was great. We got a great deal on price line except for the $20 a night parking but to be fair anywhere you go in Miami or Miami beach is like that. But the rooms where great, the staff was wonderful. We were only a 5-10 minute drive to South Beach and there was nice little 24 hour brazillian restaurant right around the corner. Loved it.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not bad, but not a resort We booked this hotel on a pre-cruise package through the cruise line. The room was nice, but a bit worn. We had a balcony that overlooked the roof of another part of the hotel...lol. There are a few restaurants on the grounds and ONE small pool. On a positive note though, the hotel is located in a fairly decent area, and within walking distance of Bayside Market (an outside strip mall w/entertainment, etc.). Also close to the Port of Miami; cab fare w/tip was less than $10.00. This is a fine place to stay if you just need one night; however I think it was a bit pricey.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BEST HOTEL EVER the best hotel i've ever stayed in and I only go to 4 and 5 star hotels so that means it must be good. wonderfull for all the family. Overall it's perfect and that sums it up.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as others make it sound I recently visited this hotel on a weekend excursion to Miami. After I bid a rate of $45/day on Priceline and having it accepted, I visited this site to see what others had to say. I was a little concerned based on the reviews. Seems like others either loved it or hated it. My experience was pretty good.When me and my friend pulled up to check-in, the valet was only mildly helpful in letting us know what we needed to do to get things started. I overlooked this and proceeded to check in. The receptioninst (Allyn) was very nice and friendly. Because I called in before-hand to request a room high up with a balcony, I expected for things to be set. After making it to my room, I noticed we had a HUGE window for a wall (which was nice) but no balcony. Allyn worked with me until I had a room to my liking on the 24 floor (the top floor) that had TWO balconies! I was pleased. My overall service experience there was slightly above average. Most employees were helpful, but not overly helpful. No problems there. I can see where the place could use some renovations. Some of the buttons in the elevator didn't light up when pushed. Though we stayed on the 24th floor (which technically requires a card to access the floor) some of the elevators required the card to get to the floor, other elevators didn't. The feel of the hotel is something like you would typically find in the mid 90's. The pool is smaller than it looks on the website. The workout room could use an upgrade. Rooms could use mild renovations, though they were stylish. The grounds were clean and quiet overall though.Location was convenient (right off the 95). If you are doing business downtown, the FREE tram that commutes around downtown is conveniently positioned so you don't have to go outside to get to it... though it seemed that only lower income people tended to use it the weekend I was there (but there were several police on and around these trams, in addition to video surveillence).Overall, my experience was pleasant. For what I paid, it couldn't be beat. I don't know if I would have been as pleased if I stayed there for the advertised rates of $100+. I WOULD recommend it over the Sheraton Biscayne Bay which is right down the street (service is better).*TIP: If you are looking for a room with a king-sized bed, get a room that ends in _41 (ex. 641, 1041, etc.) These rooms are larger than average, all have 2 balconies and, consequently, two different views of the city. A much better view is to be had higher up. I would recommend a bay view. Rooms that end in _38 all have no balconies and one wall of floor-to-ceiling window but are VERY spacious. *Note: Parking is $20/day unless you park at a lot which is about a 5 minute walk away (costs around $5). We were going to park at one of these discounted lots but my friend saw a guy who looked homeless trying to open the door to a car which was parked in the lot. Downtown overall is a seedy place to stay. Be observant.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>3	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>quilty
<Content>Tired hotel but convenient to pier Stayed there night before leaving on a cruise. Close to pier so that was good, but tired hotel with lack of amenities. Have stayed at Hyatt's in Hawaii and carribean...this is NOT a resort. Fine for a one night stay before going on a cruise but skip it if you are looking for a luxury hotel.To their credit the staff was friendly and nice. Hotel tired, food average and choice of food well BELOW average. Come on Hyatt...we are used to better!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Terribly disappointed After a 9 day intensive seminar and trade show convention in Vegas, we planned a 2 day rr in Miami before heading home. Not knowing the area very well, my husband suggested the Hyatt figuring that at least we would have a hotel brand that we know and could explore the area for our next visit. I made the reservation on-line and filled out their request form. I asked for a non-smoking room on a high floor and I was happy to see that they asked if I preferred a quiet room. Since we're not partiers I thought this was a great option and selected it. I have to say that although the room itself had some nice amenities to it - loft-like set up, nice bath amenities and view of the garbage-filled Miami river, our first night of rest was interrupted by the guys next door who came in around 1 a.m. The walls are paper thin and we could hear everything they said. The second night, there was incredibly loud music with really heavy bass that started around 10 and went until about 4 or 5 a.m. It was explained to us that the Bank of America rents out its roof space for parties. We were offered as a booby prize to have our phone charges taken off our bill. I would have preferred a free visit. Very disappointing hotel experience and needless to say...we won't be back.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>slightly disappointing   showReview(1868839, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>khybner
<Content>Not performing at all   showReview(1849649, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>pre cruise   showReview(1848710, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>llcook00
<Content>Very Pleasant Experience   showReview(1774642, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good stay   showReview(1701319, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hated the Miami Hyatt Regency   showReview(1668651, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the Hyatt Miami   showReview(1635511, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Boring   showReview(1615578, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>star95presson
<Content>Great Place, Good Staff   showReview(1437495, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 4, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay   showReview(1281477, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 11, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeAyGermany
<Content>Sch枚nes Hotel mit TOP Zimmern!   showReview(23182941, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	3	5	3	4	5	4	4	

<Author>riplii
<Content>Ci tornerei anche solo per dormirci...       CAMERA  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	2	5	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un bon hotel   showReview(20550298, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon hotel con wi-fi free nella hall   showReview(19632353, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>pratique et confort   showReview(19632352, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nichts f眉r Familien   showReview(15570162, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Disastro   showReview(14730337, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱偢銉嶃偣銇究鍒?#x201d;   showReview(19166454, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Superbe hotel   showReview(11301765, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon h么tel   showReview(11452460, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>sanchoz
<Content>Unbefriedigend   showReview(7580059, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	2	1	2	

<Author>dextrarine
<Content>vacances en famille   showReview(7161894, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	1	1	

<Author>gm76emy
<Content>miami il massimo!   showReview(6745896, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel en centre ville   showReview(11336555, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍫存墍銇優銈ゃ偄銉熴儉銈︺兂...   showReview(19924608, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

