<Author>kate0680
<Content>We'll be back. Great base in NYC Being amongst the top 20 hotels in NYC is definitely saying something, especially being so reasonably priced. So we put our trust in Trip Advisor and yet again we were not disappointed.The room was large, clean and well appointed. The bed was very comfortable and what seemed to me, exceptionally large (that said i'm used to a double). Noise was never an issue at what i'm sure is an extremely busy time of the year. We specifically asked to be on one of the upper floors and this request was obviously noted.The bathroom was reasonably large and very clean. Shower wasn't great, but not terrible. The pressure and the temperature seemed to vary a bit but not excessively.The reception/foyer area was tastefully decorated for christmas and the staff we very friendly and helpful.My one piece of advice is to get to breakfast early. On one occasion we walked past and the line was terribly long. We always tried to get in before 8am and we didn't have to wait too long. Breakfast was quite varied and substantial for a complimentary feed. We couldn't help but head out and explore our other options for breakfast around Manhattan though ;) But it was nice to have that option and we did take advantage of it on 2 mornings.A great hotel close enough to the action but away from the hustle and bustle. Gotta love NYC :)  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	5	

<Author>DaisyHolmfirth
<Content>Best New Year yet! We have just got back from a wonderful family holiday in New York staying 6 nights at the Hampton Inn. I booked the hotel after reading the reviews and yet again we were not diasppointed. This is a superb hotel which met our needs perfectly. There were four of us sharing a room with 2, very comfortable double beds. The bathroom was a bit small but that is my only negative comment. Although busy the breakfast was good with an excellent choice. We did get up early, and were down to breakfast for 7.30- 8am but be warned it does get busy if you go between 9am - 10am which we did on one morning. The hotel is in a fantastic location. five mins max walk from Central Park which is a must if you enjoy people watching! Times square and other mid Manhatten sites. 5th Ave and the amazing shops are 10 mins away. My recommendation to anybody visiting New York is to walk as much as you can it is so easy to get about and around every corner is another WOW experience. Times Square is very busy and in my opinion most impressive at night.We planned to go up the Empire State but changed our minds when confronted with a 3 hour line. We did go to the Top of the Rock at 8pm without a long wait and for a 3rd of the price. The view was magical.The New York Musuem ( upper East side) was interesting and gave you a real sense of the history and character of NY. This is close to the Met Art Musuem which is a must and the shop is superb.Ellis Island and Satute of Liberty was another day full of interest and Wow factor. My teenage children said this had been their favourite day, the view back over manhatten from Ellis Island as the sunset will be with me for ever. Walk down 9th the choice of restaurants is fantastic.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>cathsann
<Content>Couldn't ask for more There's not a lot I can add to the wonderful reviews below, but to say that we loved the Hampton Inn. The room was plenty spacious and the beds were very comfortable. Our room was on the 7th floor, 8th Avenue side, and we did hear street noises, but so what! We needed to get up anyway. The staff was always pleasant and helpful, especially our housekeeper, and the concierge (can't remember her name right now). Breakfast was plentiful, but one day we decided to eat out and walked one block to the Cosmic Diner and paid $12 for breakfast for 2 - not bad.Our favorite neighborhood spot was House of Brews, around the corner on 51st toward 9th Ave. Great drinks, great nachos, and friendly service. We really enjoyed this area, and would definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>AMIBeachGal
<Content>Happy New Year at The Hampton! Great Location  We stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square during our visit to NYC over the New Years holiday. As other reviews have stated, this hotel is a great value for NYC! The hotel is reasonably priced and centrally located in walking distance to Times Square, Rockerfeller Center, Broadway, shopping on 5th Ave., Central Park, the Museum of Modern Art, and more. We were definitely pleased that we chose to stay in Midtown Manhattan. While this hotel is not a full service hotel (i.e., there is no bar or restaurant within the hotel), it provides all of the basic accomodations needed. Breakfast is included in the price, which is also a plus. The rooms were nicely apportioned and decorated. The beds were comfortable and we were provided with extra towels without having to ask for them. Front desk staff were helpful in answering questions and assisting with restaurant reservations. We look forward to returning to this hotel in future visits to NYC!  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Corkonian0
<Content>Good Location great hotel, good size room, comfortable  large bed. friendly staff. bellman v.helpful. free internet access in lobby. breakfast included - good variety - buffett style - but beware: long, slow q's from 8-10am. we qued for about 45 min before seating with food.  hotel on 8th Ave, 51st street so good location to times square. also walking distance to visit top of the rock, central park, broadway...got cab to ground zero (approx éˆ§?6). overall great hotel. would definately stay here again if visiting NY  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>greetingsfromCanada
<Content>Great stay at Hampton Inn during 2008 Christmas Holidays My wife and I, as well as our two adult children ( 29 and 23)arrived at the hotel December 21 and left December 27 and had a wonderful trip to New York. Our stay at this hotel was definitely a good experience all around with friendly and courteous staff, nice clean large room with very comfortable queen size beds for four adults. The breakfast was good, always plenty of food even though a very busy place. Had good meals around the hotel, such as at Uncle Nicks Greek Restaurant on Ninth Ave, pizza, mexican restaurant as well as the Cosmos dinner accross the street.Comments from Trip Advisor helped me choose this place and I would definitely come and stay here again.Philippe  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hyacinthcourt
<Content>A+ Hampton Inn Times Square made our trip wonderful.Front desk: quick, helpful, friendly.Bellmen: Great source of information, all smilesRooms: New and spotlessHousekeeping: Went out of their way to helpBreakfast: Full buffet breakfast excellent, one hot entree and all the varieties of fruit, cereal, and pastries you can imagine. Staff working breakfast were always helpful.Location: Can walk to Times Square, most plays, theater district, Fifith Avenue, Rockefeller Center, Central Park, Museums and more. Subway across the street.Rates: Totally reasonable for New York City!I would recommend this hotel to anyone! Families, Couples, or Seniors. We stayed here through New Years Eve 2008I would stay here again anytime.  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ccbozard
<Content>Nice hotel in great location This is a very nice hotel, comfortable accomodations, centrally located. The rooms are nice size, bed is very comfortable, and all was extremely clean. Hotel staff were very helpful with the exception of Francois the concierge, who gave bad advise on dinner reservations and tour company and couldn't provide good price on broadway tickets. Breakfast was very good - and a great bargain considering NYC prices! Overall this is a great choice for accomodations, a block or two away from theaters and great restaurants.  
<Date>Dec 31, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>greenbeltdan
<Content>Great Hampton Inn in NYC!!! I am a Gold HHonors member and try to stay at Hilton properties whenever possible. I was amazed, frankly, by how nice this Hampton Inn was and how well it was run. As mentioned in other reviews, this is basically a regular Hampton Inn, but in the heart of NYC, so getting a rate on Christmas Day of $119 a night was amazing. The rooms are very large by New York standards, the staff is friendly and helpful, the breakfast is adequate (although take heed of the signs that between 8:30 and 10:00 a.m., it's a 'tumultuous' experience reminiscent of standing in line at a soup kitchen), and the amenities are very nice. I would definitely consider staying here again, even at a higher rate.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>boardhead
<Content>great location Stayed here on a two day holiday visit. Went to radio city, metropolitan museum and a show. The location is convenient to all these attractions, our room was well appointed and the staff helpful. We booked on the hotel website, and the rate changed twice before our visit for a savings of $100. So it pays to reprice, and on the hotel site you can cancel and rebook without penalty.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Momdemac
<Content>Great hotel  We stayed at the Hampton in on Dec. 19th and Dec.20th. We used our Hilton Honors points and stayed for free. We chose this hotel based upon location, parking, and the morning breakfast.This hotel is a great location for people with children. The room we stayed in was larger than one we stayed in at a Holiday Inn downtown. It easily accommodated 2 adults and 2 elementary school children. The room is slightly smaller than an average hampton inn but larger than other NY hotels. The room was very clean and the area of town was nice ( not dumpy looking). It was fairly quiet at night. We were on the 5th floor and the 8th street side. We didn't hear any street noise. We did hear the occasional emergency vehicle; however it was very quiet.Next door to the Hampton Inn is a parking garage. We were able to park our car there and leave it without a problem. Hampton Inn will validate your parking card and give you a discount.The location was great for us. There is a subway stop across the street; however, we never took the subway. There is a CVS next door to the hotel. We were one block away from Mars 2112 ( 51st and 7th). This was a fun place to eat with the children. We walked to Times Square and to Rockefeller center. It was several blocks but we were able to do it with our children. We just made stops along the way... the mm's store, the hershey store, the FDNY store etc. There is also a Food Emporium across the street with sandwiches etc.We also walked to the musical we saw. We saw In the Heights.I chose a Hampton Inn not only because we used our Hilton Honor points and got it for free but because they offer breakfast. It is a real expense and pain to have to search for breakfast when you are with kids. It was great that we were able to wake up and go downstairs and eat. They had hot/cold cereals, coffee, hot chocolate, toast, pastries, english muffins, juice, fruit, waffles, yogurt, meat, and eggs.We did take a cab to the Empire State building and that cost $8 and that included a $2 tip.I highly recommend this hotel and plan to stay there again when we go to New York.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Atravelfan
<Content>Hampton Inn was great Based on a lot of research including Tripadvisor reviews, we booked our stay in Manhattan at the Hampton Inn Times Square North, and couldn't have been more pleased. The rooms were quite large and the bedding comfortable (the pillows were either very firm or very soft however). The bathrooms were a good size with hair dryer and curved shower rod. The rooms included a safe as well as iron and ironing board. The breakfast was good, with excellent biscuits. (The eggs were not anyone's favorite). The Gershwin theater is less than a block away. There are numerous good restaurants within easy walking distance, and excellent pizza across the street. We would definitely return to this hotel!  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>brilynn
<Content>Magic in Manhattan We stayed in the Hampton inn in December for 4 nights and we had a fantastic time. The location is perfect. We booked to see Hairspray on Broadway and it was only one block from the Hotel.The Hotel itself is very nice, the rooms spotless clean and a decent size especially for New York. We had plenty of room for the 4 of us including storage of our luggage and more importantly our shopping. I have stayed in the Ramada New Yorker in the past and their room sizes are very small in comparison. The beds are to die for at the Hampton and after shopping 10 hours a day they were a welcome sight every evening. Breakfast was great and a full choice for all. It set us before a long day shopping.The location of the Hotel is perfect for food and drink and entertainment. The Cosmic diner across the road is very nice and recommended by chef Ainsley Harriott. Rays pizza next door serves fantastic pizza and well worth a visit. The house of Brews bar around the corner is great although the cocktails are a bit pricey at $10.00 but it did not stop us having a taste of them all anyway.Overall a fantastic place to stay and looking forward staying there again when we return,  
<Date>Dec 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MeterMaid
<Content>Great location, reasonable price We came to The City to see a play and decided to stay if we could find a reasonable rate near the theatre. The Hampton Inn had a very good price (anything under $200 is low for NYC) for a late booking and a midweek night. We were very pleased with the location. Less than a block to our theatre and near a wide range of restaurants and diners. The staff was very pleasant. The room was very roomy, clean and comfortable. The free breakfast and adjacent parking were bonuses. The area is as safe as any; we felt secure walking back after the play. The guests included many families with young children (it was one week before Christmas so this may not be typical) and business travelers. We felt right at home in jeans and sweaters. We definitely will check this place for our next trip, and have recommended it to others.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Bill-Agnes
<Content>NYC in the Winter Time We spent Wed-Sun (10-14) exploring all that NYC has to offer.I used point for our 4 night stay and everything was perfect.The weather was cold but that did not stop my wife and myself.We saw 3 Broadway shows and ate at some very nice restaurants.Everything about this hotel is perfect for a visit to New York.Location, Location, Location. There was hot coffee 24/7. We neededsomething to warm us up after returning to the Hotel. A very nice breakfast is served every morning .Times Square was all lit up with many many people on the streets.Choose this place for yourself nextime.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>lyketotravel
<Content>Great for the Price I Paid I got a deal for this hotel on Sunday for $135. Close to Times Square, near the 8th Ave/50th St station served by the C E and D lines. Great room for the price. However, only average for their rest of the week rate. I didn't want to pay $200+ for a room I only saw to sleep and shower so I moved on to a cheaper place.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>HorseLovinDee
<Content>Great value stay despite a few issues! The stay started out a little rocky, but the staff were very nice and accomodating and were cooperative on addressing the issues. The 1st room we were assigned to smelled like old cigarette smoke even though the hotel is supposed to be all no smoking. The 2nd room was placed on the backside of the elevator shafts, so we could hear the elevators rumbling up and down the shafts all through the day and in the early morning while we were trying to sleep. It made sleeping soundly a bit difficult. The 3rd room we moved to was definitely the charm with no issues. Even after the room issues, I would still stay at the Hampton Manhattan without hesistation. The staff were friendly and courteous, the cost of the hotel very reasonable for Manhattan, the rooms are clean and a good size as well, however the bathrooms are a little small, but completely functional nonetheless. Not to mention the terrific location of the hotel!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>Dixiegurl
<Content>First Trip to New York! Just returned from a fun trip to New York. My friend and I enjoyed staying in the Hampton Inn for many reasons. One reason for staying was the location. What a great location -within walking distance to shopping, central park, times square and boarding buses for other attractions. Also, we didn't use the subway but it was nearby also. I especially like the hotel providing breakfast and a coffee pot in the room. We had previously had a room at the Metropolitan Hilton Hotel and changed it because they didn't have coffee pots in the room. Who wants to get up, dress and run to a restaurant to bring coffee back to your room. Not only did we have a coffee pot in our room but they had coffee in the lobby at all times of the day and sometimes, if they were not out, warm cookies too. The breakfast is very good and they have quick breakfast bags made up for people on the run. Not having to worry about finding a place to eat breakfast is a plus to me. As far as our room, it was very adequate, a comfortable bed, bath water was always hot. We got a room with two queen beds. It was a little small and the bathroom small, but most rooms in New York, from what I've heard , are rather small. I would say the room is adequate for two people, if it's two women ,one using the bath room to dress and the other using the desk for another place to fix your hair, makeup and so forth. The concierge at the hotel was very helpful in getting us tickets to attractions. The hop on hop off bus was good to ride around and see the city but to get a good view you have to ride on the top row where, unfortunately , can be very cold. If the top is covered forget getting good pictures because the top messes up your pictures. Overall I would say the most frustrating thing was trying to use a map and figure out where things were. If I ever went back I think I would go just to shop.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>garciacidtorres
<Content>Good choise We enjoyed very much the hotel, is a good price for the Excellent service, good breakfast buffet, large roons, very good location .  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>awsedr
<Content>Above average staff, location  Despite the fact the rates quoted by the Hilton computer system for our stay here varied dramatically, the accommodations were well above average, even for Hampton. The staff were very helpful, the rooms spotless and the breakfast, which was included in the price of our room (It was not free.), more than adequate. I suspect the hotel was full when we were there (It was during the N. Y. Marathon.) but that did not affect the service. The location is most ideal since you can walk to most theatres, great restaurants Central Park  Times Square. We would return and recommend this location to anyone.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>SButler
<Content>Would go back Would definitely go back and also recommend it. We had read mixed reviews after booking and were a bit wary about going. However we were very pleasantly surprised. We arrived and check in was excellent very fast and efficient. When the receptionist realised we were staying for 7 nights she gave us an executive room. The room was very spacious with sitting area. ALL of the staff were exceptional, always very courteous and polite. Breakfast was included and it set us up for the day. The hotel is in the Theatre district and close to Times Square and Central Park. There are some very good pub/restaurants nearby. Thanks Hampton Inn we will be back!  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Brandon2166
<Content>Great staff and big rooms, wonderful place to stay. First time to visit New York City. The Hampton Inn was located at a great place, close to the theater, close to the tour bus office, within walking distance to 5th ave. and Times Square,Rockefeller center. 4 blocks to Radio music hall. And the hotel was so eager to help your stay be as nice as possible. A big bowl of fresh apples for you pleasure to snack on. Fresh Cookies in the evening. A hot beverage bar 24 hours a day, and the hot chocolate tasted so good after a cold walk in the city. The breakfast was really a nice treat every morning. I even would take a muffin and fruit back to my room for later and they were so sweet about it. I would definitely be sure to stay there on my next trip.  Only thing I can say negative is the rooms are not well insulated and you can hear the noise in the hall and the room next to you. But I use ear plugs so it was not a bother to me, but it did my friend. So be aware it may be a little noisy .  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>djj1976
<Content>Never again Although this review is based on a stay well over a year ago, I am again searching for a NY city hotel, and came across the Hampton Inn Times Square. Seeing the hotel jostled some very unpleasant recollections. I had a confirmed reservation for this hotel for a ONE WEEK stay with my daughter. We arrived late on the night of check in with a confirmed reservation in hand (for late arrival), which had been printed out on the day we left. After arriving, very tired after flight delays, we were told that they did not have a room for us. I was told that our room had been cancelled. By whom, I asked? By the travel agency I'm told. My piece of paper was worthless...the front desk staff seemed unconcerned and apologetic. It was midnight and I'm stuck in a city with NO HOTEL rooms (May is a very busy season in NY) with a teenage daughter. Finally, a young lady at the front desk tells me I have to run and catch a cab to the Doubletree, where they found me a room for the night at over 50% more. I figure I'll take it up with my travel agent the next day.My travel agent says the reservation WAS NOT cancelled, and that they would take care of things. The next day, we wait as our room is prepared. One of the front desk staff, a burly young man named John, approaches my daugher while she is sitting in the lobby (I'm not by her side at the moment) and tells her we'd better make up our mind whether we want the room or not, or they are going to give it away. She looks at him, completely bewildered and speechless. We take our room, and complete our stay. Upon checking out, I'm given a bill that is 50% higher than my confirmed rate. I was advised of this rate, but told my travel agent would fix it. I protest, but am told I must sign...I sign with a note that the rate is under protest. I note that I AM CHARGED for the night that I was turned away and had to stay elsewhere. Hotel policy, I'm told. SIX MONTHS later, my travel agent secured a refund for over 600.00 to my credit card because of the overcharge. I had stayed in this property prior to this, and had a wonderful experience (I chose it based on online reviews). However, things were very different on my return visit. I hope that perhaps the staff has again turned over and that travelers to this property do not have the experience that I had.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>debbadoo613
<Content>bargin in the Big Apple We took our 4 year old to The Big Apple. He wanted to see the Statue of Liberty because it was in one of his movies. We decided on the Hampton Inn on 8th Ave. It was great! The staff was very friendly upon our arrival. The hotel was a short walk to Times Square in one direction and Central Park in the other. They offer a free breakfast every morning. I was expecting muffins and coffee. They actually offer a wide selection, cold cereal, yogert, scrambled eggs, French toast sticks, bagels. Did I mention free coffee all day long... Anyone who knows the prices in NYC knows that this free breakfast is a great bargin.There was a small shop in the lobby for the necessities. No pool or spa, but that wasn't a concern for us.Overall I was extremely impressed with all aspects of this hotel and would recommend this to a friend.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bssskins
<Content>Great location, clean hotel I did a lot of research on hotels in NYC before we came for our 3 day weekend in November. After reading all the great reviews for the Hampton I decided it would work out best for us. I booked the hotel about a month ahead of time for $299/night. The week before I checked rates just out of curiousity and they were at $199/$239. I called Hampton and they immediately gave me the lower rate. Nothing like saving a quick $160!The hotel is located at 8th Ave. and 51st Street. It's 7 short blocks north to Central Park, 1 block south to the subway and only a few blocks to 5th Ave, Rock Center, and Times Square. And you couldn't walk anywhere without seeing a theater, seems like they were everywhere!Our room on the 6th floor was clean and we were able to check in early upon our arrival. They were also very accommodating to check our luggage on our departure day since we had a later flight.I have read that lots of hotels in NYC have small rooms but our room at the Hampton seemed normal sized to me. It had a king bed, desk and sitting chair and didn't feel cramped at all. Free high speed was easy to use.We didn't make it down to the free breakfast from 6-10, shame on us for being up too late partying! Actually we were up early enough but went running in Central Park (awesome!) and missed breakfast by the time we got back.Overall, I would stay here again on my next visit.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Kyder
<Content>Awesome Hotel In June 08, my sister, boyfriend, and his brother spent 6 days in NYC. This hotel was great. Everything we wanted to see was within walking distance. We were able to leave our bags as we arrived prior to check in, and they were waiting for us when we returned from a long day of walking.The rooms were very clean, and they were very comfortable. With sore legs and feet, these were the most comfortable beds in the world to us. :) Bathroom was great, awesome water pressure, and extra towels when we asked for them was no problem. Great pizza place accross the street for our cheap late night snacks. Also a convenience store right down the street. The breakfast that was included was great. Eggs benedict one morning, and eggs and mini sausages another. They also had breakfast to go bags at the front desk, with muffins/apples inside for busy travellers.The eating areas were a little busy, but there was plenty of food to spare, and something for everyone.The lobby was beautiful, and there were also computer stations which had free internet to use in the hallway.Overall we had a great stay here, and would love to stay again!  
<Date>Nov 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>LukeCtheworld
<Content>Location Location - great ! We stayed 3 nights early November and found this hotel ideally located being close to Broadway and within easy walking distance of many of NYC's popular attractions.Staff at the hotel were incredibly attentive and friendly, from the moment we arrived until our final departure we experienced an impressive level of service.Our room was clean, large and comfortable, although looking a bit tired in places through age, our only negative would be the shortage of hangers in the wardrobe. A lockable safe in the room is a big plus for keeping the passports etc secure when you're out and about. If you are a light sleeper I would recommend requesting a room at the rear of the building, ours was at the front of the building facing 8th Ave which with an NYFD station just down the street was noisy at times.Location and the availability of a breakfast were the deciding factors for us, breakfast was good and plentiful but don't expect much in the way of a hot one, the choice was one or two hot items at best. The breakfast room itself, plastic cutlery and styrofoam plates were a bit disappointing though. always available coffee and afternoon cookies in the Lobby were a great reviver after our long walks.Overall a comfortable clean hotel having an ideal location for most of the midtown and the Theatre district. Excellent staff add to the experience.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>swamptourist
<Content>TOP-NOTCH HAMPTON Best location, best and most courteous service and staff. The breakfast was great and a way of saving money by not having to go out for it. Rooms were very clean and neat, upbeat decor. Would use this hotel anytime we go back. This hotel deserves at least a 4 star rating.Nov.14, 2008Louisiana tourist  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Will&Michelle
<Content>great experience I booked this hotel primarily because of the price compared to others in the same area and secondary reason was some of the reviews I read on this site. I was a bit skeptical after reading some reviews but also read some good reviews. I'm glad we stayed there, the service was great, the room spacious, clean and modern. The King sized bed was extremely comfortable. The location was around the corner from the play (Wicked) we went to see. Checking in was a breeze even showing up at exactly 3pm (check-in time). There's a parking garage next to the hotel it's $30.00 per day after the hotel validates your receipt (saves you about $8 per day). Other garages in the area are priced about the same. There's is a complimentary breakfast in the hotel, pretty basic nothing fancy. The hotel was conveniently located within walking distance of the theaters and Central Park. The only thing I would have done different if I had known was request a room facing the front as opposed to a view of the parking lot, not a big deal. We had a great time and would definitely stay there the next time we go down to the city.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Bensons_on_holiday
<Content>Great Location This was our firat visit to New York. We have been to other parts of the US and was a little unsure of what to expect of such a large city. We took our very first yellow cab from the airport to the hotel. It just started a load of great experiences. We were greated at reception by a lovely lady that had our reservation ready for us and knew exactly the length of our stay and the type of room we had requested. She also made sure that she pointed out the freshly baked cookies that had just arrived at the desk and the free coffee machines. Our room was just the right size for 2 adults and our 8 year old daughter. We had a room at the front of the hotel and enjoyed having a glass of wine looking out at the street with all the colours of New York in front of us. We found the rooms quiet and very clean. The beds and linen were always fresh and crisp. The breakfast was very handy. The signs outside the breakfast room advising how busy it was at different times in the morning was very accurate. We enjoyed the breakfast but it's a little different to what you would expect at an Australian hotel. There were always plenty of cereals and yoghurt if you didn't like the hot food. I still haven't worked out what the biscuits and gravy were. We would definetly stay at the same hotel. The cost was what you would expect of a good hotel in New York. Being so close to Times Square was fantastic. We walked through there so many times during our 4 days there. We did an all day tour of New York with Grayline tours and Surge was a brilliant guide with all the New York dry humour thrown in with it.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travels2much8
<Content>Too much noise!! The room they gave me was dirty. The floors looked like they have not been vacuumed. There were people that had the room next to ours that made so much noise that kept us up all night. We informed the front desk, but that didnt seem to stop them from going screaming all night long. Luckily we only stayed for 1 night.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KrommeDude
<Content>Great location but pricey We booked for two adults and two kids (7 and 9). We stayed 3 nights - a first visit to New York for all but one of our family.On check-in we were given a room with one bed?? After we resolved that we had a great time. Desk staff were friendly. The room was a good size and everything worked.The inclusive breakfast is a bonus and not too busy. Access to bus tours and times square right across the road. However for non-US residents, this was a very expensive hotel. Now that we have visited Manhattan, we will feel more comfortable choosing a less expensive, less central hotel next time.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>NDW_Wimbledon
<Content>Good city centre hotel We stayed here for five days in October. Bearing in mind it is a bed and breakfast type city centre hotel we were very impressed with the rooms and the service. The staff were all very helpful and the breakfast was quite adequate although on occasions the dining room was a bit crowded. Although the rooms were just a little bit bland they were well equipped and the air conditioning worked well. Hotel is well situated on 8th Avenue with a sub-way station less than five minutes walk away. Also, plenty of restaurants within easy walking distance and Times Square and the theatre district end of Broadway close by. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>GrayceBK
<Content>Loved It!       Nice room  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>4inforest
<Content>No complaints at all!!! We just returned from four days in NYC. We have no complaints at all with this hotel. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The rooms were very clean and very roomy for NYC. The bed had to be the most comfortable bed I have ever slept in. The breakfast was always good with a large variety of food. We will certainly stay in this hotel from now on when in NYC. Also, a great location.  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>chubette
<Content>Wow! What a great hotel for kids! Just got back from a 5 night stay at this wonderful hotel! We arrived just after 1 pm and our room was ready. The location was great - having 3 different subway lines available within a 3 block radius was awesome! We also used hopstop.com for directions and times of how to get to specific sites. I would definitely recommend this place to families - I was travelling with my 7 year old and the staff was very cognisant of him and chatted with him while I was either collecting breakfast or speaking to another staff. As far as the breakfast bar goes - it was such a plus to have it available - what a savings! The hot breakfast items were great and changed daily. I also loved their fresh fruit salad and cold breakfast foods. We would grab a couple extra bagels and apples to take along as snacks while we toured the city. I almost forgot to mention about the cookies offered in the lobby mid-day and fresh apples throughout the day - such a great touch by the hotel. There is also a hot beverage bar that is available throughout the day(even in the late late evening) offering coffee, tea(several types) and hot chocolate. We found a grocery store (The Food Emporium) a block away where you can take away hot and cold foods should you feel like eating a meal in your room (great if you have kids!). What else? The room was clean and spacious with 2 queen beds. Housekeeping was great - our room was always ready when we came back for our mid-afternoon break and we were never lacking towels nor amenities. In the late evenings, the hotel security would ensure that you were a hotel guest which made us feel somewhat safe especially when travelling with kids. On our last day, the hotel was more that willing to allow us a late chekout (2pm) - which was great but I think you need to ask the night before as they only have a couple late checkout slots per floor. Lastly, the weather was awesome during our stay - what a great time to visit NYC! Hope you enjoy this hotel as much as we did! Cheers!  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AMV0801
<Content>Great Location, Decent Hotel I flew in to meet up with some friends for a girl's weekend in the City. Since we were seeing several Broadway shows, the location of this hotel was great. The room was decent enough, although a little tight with 4 women, luggage and shopping bags. Not a great view from only the 8th floor, but beds were comfortable, bathroom was clean, breakfast was good, service was fine. Overall, not bad. A good, average hotel if you're not expecting too much. Maybe a tad pricey, but what isn't in NYC in the spring/summer?  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>nat530
<Content>Great hotel for an awesome price The outside of the hotel is a little iffy looking, but I have high standards, and the inside was great. I felt it was clean and the room I had was very spacious. The only negative thing I would say is that the bathroom has cloth shower curtains and I doubt they clean those every time someone new stays in there. Other than that, I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	5	

<Author>eraserhead_baby
<Content>Excellent...would recommend to anyone! I booked my stay at the Hampton Inn based on the great reviews on TA and I was not disappointed! I had previously stayed here 4 years ago when it was Howard Johnson (it was the worst hotel I'd ever stayed in...didnt know when I booked the Hampton it was the same building!) Well, it couldnt be more different to when it was the Howard Johnson! The staff were absolutley lovely and every single on of them was friendly and always willing to help you with anything. I stayed in a single room which was really spacious and my mum  her 2 sisters were in a double room which was still plenty of room for the 3 of them. The breakfast, which is included in the price for room was always nice. Loads of cereals, yoghurts, porridge etc, and a selection of muffins  bagels. And also a different cooked thing every morning (sausages, eggs etc) it was all buffet style, we never got down there early... it was never majorly crowded and the staff were constantly refreshing everything even up to the last minute which was good.They had loads of great little touches there including free internet in the lobby, apples and hot cookies on reception daily, free coffee, hot water, tea's  hot choc in reception (SO NICE after a day of shopping  sightseeing!!) These things made our stay there even better.Its also in such a great location...cross over the road (1 block)and you are basically on Broadway and in the middle of it all! Loads of great restaurants  diners within a few steps away! We walked nearly everywhere.....its walking distance to Times Sq, Central Park, Rockafeller etc. I would definately stay here again.............I cannot get over how different it was compared to when it was The Howard Johnson....that was the worst hotel experience I've had and The Hampton Inn is the total opposite!The Hampton Inn is excellent and I would recommend it to anyone!  
<Date>Oct 14, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Paradisebound1
<Content>Fantastic! Great hotel! Good location, nice size rooms, and the the staff was helpful and pleasant. We had the free breakfast every morning and had no complaints. They have a good amount of item choices and we never had a problem getting a seat to eat. Fantastic hotel! I would definitely stay there again!!  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>rafbr
<Content>Excellent hotel! This is an excellent choice for NYC. The location is great, walking distance to the main attractions and with plenty of places to eat close by.The room has a good size and it is very clean. The bed is comfortable and there is free wi-fi, which helps a lot.The bathroom could be a bit larger, but there is no big deal. Most importantly it is clean. The whole room was very new and clean and there was nothing broken or needing renovation.Due to the hotel location you can hear some noise coming from the street and sometimes also from other rooms. It is not too loud, but it disturbs sometimes.The breakfast is a good, considering that it is free.Overall this is an excellent hotel and I would give it 4.5 stars. Considering that you usually don't stay much time at the hotel in NY it is an excellent choice with a good location, a comfortable room and at a good price.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Hat_8
<Content>Great Hotel We stayed here in September having chosen it because of the good reviews on trip advisor. We were not disappointed. The location was great. The hotel was clean and the bed the most comfortable I have slept in. The complimentary breakfast was a real bonus as was the coffe/tea/drinks machine just by reception. I would definately stay here again. You get a good deal at a very reasonable price for New York.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MightyMouse69
<Content>Great Hotel/Good location Great hotel almost in the middle of Times Square. Clean, neat with plenty of room. Only thing missing in the room was bottled water.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>momwantstotravel
<Content>What a great place! (Bear in mind my review is based on the fact that Hampton Inn is more of a bargain hotel.) I just stayed at the Hampton Inn for one night. What a great place. NYC hotel prices are ridiculous and it is hard to find a room without paying a fortune. This Hampton Inn is cute and stylish- most importantly CLEAN! The location in mid-town is fantastic. You can walk to most major tourist attractions in mid-town. We walked to Rockefeller, Circle Line, and Central Park. Included in your rate is a complementary hot breakfast which was really tasty! Such a deal! I highly recommend this place!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>crabbyannie
<Content>Great Stay Good Value Just returned from a 4 day 3 night stay in New York City. We booked into the Hampton Inn Times Square and was very pleased. The beds are soooo comfy. The room was very large for New York. WE had 2 queen size beds and four people in the room and there was plenty of space. The staff is very friendly and helpful. Breakfast was very nice and the dining area kept clean. The only thing I would recommend to the hotel is to clean their carpets. Our room carpet was a little on the stained side. But the bath was very clean; which I always really noticed in a hotel. All in all for the money and the great location you can't beat it. Would and will recommend for others.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	2	4	3	

<Author>YoungGun
<Content>Great Hotel in a fantastic location!!       Hampton Inn - 8th Avenue / 51st Street  
<Date>Oct 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Jessilee79
<Content>Friendly staff, big room, moderate price! We usually stay at one of the W Hotels in New York but we wanted to save some money and stayed at the Hampton Inn and we were pleasantly surprised! The staff was super friendly (especially compared to the hipper-than-thou staff at the W) and the room was huge (again, when compared to the W). The hotel was recently renovated and our room was very clean. We used priceline.com to book the room and paid about $130 less than the rack rate and so we feel like we got a fair price. The parking garage next door charges $30 a day, which is a good deal. The only downside was that the hotel was crowded with the fanny-pack wearing crowd but what do you expect for a hotel near Times Square?  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>TRVLallover
<Content>Nice location one bliock from Times Square This particular Hampton Inn is probably one of the nicest in this part of the Hilton chain. It's actually a little nicer than some of the Hilton Hotels I've stayed in. Front desk staff were friendly and were able to put me into a room three hours before the listed check-in time. The Lobby area is nicely decorated and spotless. It can get a little crowded when groups are checking in. My room was a King on the 10th floor facing 8th Ave. You do get a fair amount of FDNY sirens here as there is a station very near the hotel. Then again, it is NYC so sirens are a norm along with horns. I really wonder if anyone gets hit with that $350 fine in quite zones for honking. Room and bathroom were clean. Rooms are decent size, bathrooms are quite small though. You have your choice of wired high speed internet or WIFI, both are FREE. Also in the room are a lounge chair and foot stool, desk with ergonomic chair and dresser with a nice sized TV. Hotel is only one block from Times Square and an easy walk down 8th Ave to the theatre district.I only have one complaint about the hotel. The housekeeping staff need to learn to knock. There is a flip stop for the door. Make sure you use it. Twice just after check-in housekeeping tried to enter without knocking. From that moment the do not disturb sign went on the door. This is the only reason I only rated the hotel above average and not excellent.Free breakfast is available, however I'm not a breakfast person so cannot tell you much about how it is.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>NickMiller
<Content>Clean, Comfortable and Spacious - Overall good We moved to this hotel after leaving the Radisson because it was so bad and we checked out early.The Hampton Inn was exactly what we needed. It is well located, a comfortable size and the rooms are spacious and clean. What's more, this was cheaper than the Radisson. The staff were friendly and helpful and this even had breakfast included. Breakfast is OK but we chose to eat out a couple of times to get the New York experience.The hotel doesn't look great from the outside but don't be put off, it is fine inside and perfectly OK if you are looking to stay in Central NY and want a bit of space.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	2	4	5	

<Author>SavedByZero
<Content>Below average Had to return to NYC for a business trip and my company's travel agency placed me at the Hampton Inn. The location is great for tourists as it's right in the theatre district. Room seemed dirty and old. Not old like 'historic' but old as in they need to steam clean the carpets and really scrub down the bathrooms. Bathroom has modern fixtures and was very small. You can hear everything from other rooms when you are in your own room, including bad plumbing and tvs. Street noise is bad so be sure to ask for a higher floor if available.Free continental breakfast each morning. It was your typical Hampton Inn bfast and was good.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>DRaIsrael
<Content>Good hotel but...       panaramic photo of room-  
<Date>Sep 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>floyd53
<Content>fantastic we booked via sky travel,flew b.a.from manchester  everything went like a dream.we got a good deal  was well worth it. lovely hotel,ideal location bout 100yds from broadway, 5 min walk to central park. we were 3 guests in a 2 queens room on the 8th floor which was clean  spacious.breakfasts were ample provid ed you dont expect the usual full english but we always manage d to fill up ok.everyone was helpfull  friendly. shame there is`nt a bar to chill out with other guests in the evening but we found the`house of brews`just round the corner where we had a few beers  meals.we stayed mon-fri bb  fully enjoyed it  would recomend it totally.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>aebleskiver
<Content>By far my worst stay in NYC... or anywhere I always spend a week in New york in early December and have had the pleasure of spending far too much money for decent hotels due to the holiday season. I expect to be ripped-off to a certain degree. However, my stay at the Hampton Inn Times Square was by far the worst hotel experience that I have ever had, and I travel often for work.I'll start with the good:- Location if you are interested in staying in the Theater district/Times Square area. Not ideal for shopping, but close to tourist attractions.- Room size isn't typical NY tiny. It is average Hampton Inn sized.That is it for the good.The bad:- The room was tired and of poor quality. Carpet itchy, bathroom icky, and bed not comfortable.- Snooty front desk. Seriously, at the Hampton Inn? I love the typical, slightly gruff, get down to business NYC attitude, but at checkin the service was distracted, unorganized AND had an elitist attitude. They lost my reservation information. I had to re-pay for the room and wait a month for reimbursement for a pre-pay. And, no one was apologetic. They were also too busy to answer the two questions via phone when called. Why have a front desk?- The breakfast was not even worth mentioning. A deal if you like cornflakes and bad coffee, but that is about it.- Speaking of coffee. The supposed everlasting help-yourself coffee, was always out even during regular breakfast hours. The coffee is horrible if you are lucky enough to get a cup and the little counter was a serious mess of trash and spills all week long.So, I maintained a positive attitude through the whole thing. Was always cordial to the service desk. I have worked in service and know it can be hard and customers can be demanding. I know that patience usually pays off. But the straw that broke the camel's back was:I attempted to fed-ex some paperwork back home and asked whom I should leave it with upon check out. Again, the extremely rude staff acted like I was an idiot and told me to leave it at the bellman's table. Since no one was there and I was a little nervous about the important documents that I was next-daying, I tried to reconfirm that it was ok to leave there. Again shunned and told rudely, it will be taken care of. Long story short - My package did not arrive for more than a month. I finally became irate with the hotel. No help was really offered although the concierge (who had been m.i.a. my whole week's stay) at least treated me with a little courtesy on the phone. The hotel had removed my shipping label and relabeled it with what they guessed was the correct airbill from another guest at the hotel. My label was brand new on a brand new never been shipped box? I don't know who could be idiot enough to make that error, and not even attempt to call the number on the package to verify if they thought it was a mistake? My package ended up with some very sweet mailroom clerks at a factory in the middle of nowhere that I had to personally track down. The hotel was zero help in getting my package back, even though they were 100% responsible for the error.I would have given this hotel a 1.5 star maybe 2, until the fed ex issue. I wish I could give it zero now.I would expect more for a hotel that I spent $65/night to stay in! I spent far more than that to stay at this unorganized, rude, uncomfortable and tired motel. Nightmare. Save yourself the headache and discomfort.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>LargeLadDad
<Content>Great Experience! My wife and I stayed at this hotel for three days. We selected it primarily for price and secondly for location. The room was large and comfortable; breakfast was fine, albeit crowded; and the staff was friendly and helpful. One block from the lights on Time Square. And great shower pressure!  
<Date>Sep 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kattn423
<Content>NYC at it's BEST!!! We came to NYC on a chartered bus trip from Tennessee; and it was a great experience due in part to the comfort, cleanliness, friendliness, and location of Hampton Inn North. Bed = super fluffy and comfortable. Room = very clean  roomy - considering it's New York. Staff = very friendly and helpful, everyone smiles. Free Continental Breakfast = great variety, good food - even biscuits and gravy. Location = probably one of the hotel's best assets, bring your walking shoes because you are within blocks of almost everything: Times Square, Broadway plays, David Letterman, Central Park, the subway (don't be afraid of it - get a map, and go about anywhere for $1.75 pp). There's also great New York pizza directly across the street!Hopefully we will stay here again - no need to take a chance on another hotel!A bit of advice for first-time NYC visitors. To get around the city, take the bus, the subway, a taxi...but NEVER EVER get into a vehicle that is not licensed by NYC. There are people out there driving their own SUV's (Yukons, Tahoes, and Escalades) and passing themselves off as a more luxurious 'taxi'. They will approach you and ask if you need a ride. They won't have a meter or identification displayed in the vehicle. And if you take that ride, you will pay at LEAST twice as much as a yellow cab...not to mention what could happen if you came across the wrong person offering you a ride.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>JaneKirby
<Content>Good experience We liked the Hampton Inn. Great location - right next to all the bright lights of Times Square. Huge room with great bedding, nice bathroom, if a little on the small side. Desk, flat-screen TV and turn down service. Breakfast could have been improved and it was all served on throw-away plastic, which is so bad for the environment! But if you want a good place to stay that's convenient and quiet, this hotel hits the mark  
<Date>Sep 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>JRTheChief
<Content>Tennis Open vacation I selected this hotel based on Tripadvisor reviews and was not disappointed. This was my first visit to NYC in many years and the number of hotel choices was almost overwhelming. If you are a first time tourist to NYC I don't think you could have a more central location. Several subway lines are within a couple of blocks.(NYC is a walking city.) The hotel is in great shape and the staff are very pleasant. Breakfast is served between 6-10AM. The hotel promises chaos at the food bar after 9AM and does not disappoint. That being said, the staff does a fine job of keeping up with the crowds.The food selection is quite good.The only criticism I have would be the elevator crowding during the last hour of breakfast.The hotel has only 2 elevators and if you are on the lower floors, be prepared to wait. If you are staying on the 4th floor, or below, consider walking down.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>ShubhaS
<Content>Lived up to expectations We stayed for a week at this hotel with one 5 year old and were happy with the service, cleanliness, size of room, beds, and most of all the location!The subway was closer than we expected from the reviews. The entrance closest to the hotel was too smelly and unused; two other entrances near the RiteAid were useful for the north and southbound subway trains.The wireless internet was a bit iffy and not entirely satisfactory; however there are two internet access points right outside the breakfast room that you can use for ten minutes at a stretch for free.We were always early in to the breakfast, so did not face the queue, it was adequate.Coin-operated laundry is not available in the hotel, but you have cheaper-than-hotel cleaners just around the corner.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>mickeybUK
<Content>Great Hotel My party was 2 adults and 2 children. We had a 2 night stopover at this hotel.The reception staff were very attentive and always willing to help with queries. All of the hotel staff were coureous and helpful during our stay.The rooms were large, modern and clean with free use of a safe within them.Breakfast was included in the cost and was buffet style with a good selection including cereals and hot and cold items. Our children had no problems filling up.If you wish to have breakfast on the go then there are free prepacked bags next to the reception area. There are also complimentary apples and cookies available from breakfast onwards.The hotel is well located - being only 10 mins from Times Square and 5 mins from Central Park and the main subway routes.We wished to travel through Central Park this time but did not want to walk. We were approached by the cyclists who said that the horse carriages only completed a small route and that they would give us 2 vehicles for $130, we were unsure as we wanted to travel together, however beware, this is untrue. We eventually went on the horse carriage which went most of the way round the park for $80 for the 4 of us.We stayed at the Wellington last year and although this hotel was a little more the decor and free breakfast is vastly superior, we would stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Coe0320
<Content>Just Got Back from NYC Ok I'll try to make this as useful as possible since I did most of my research from these review! This was a getaway for my husband and I(much needed) Booked my trip through expedia...fine! no problems there. Chose Hampton Inn North Times Square as our hotel bc it was close and had breakfast included. Awesome, great service, good size rooms, AWESOME beds, feather conforter beds and pillows. will def be back there! Flight was great 6am is the best time to fly, no lines no problems! Got in at 7:35am got a cab to the hotel, seemed to be the best way as far as $ was concerned. Lived through it, nice cabbie! weren't able to get our room, too early but hey held bags for us and offered the breakfast. we walked straight to Times Square to get our NYC passes but didnt open until 10am, had time to kill. we went ahead and got the Greyline Hop on Hop off passes. we should have waited till we got out passes though bc they had a coupon in it. i would also suggest getting the City Sites instead, seemed to be a little more efficient. had 1 good guid the whole time, the others SUCKED! and some other bs came along with it! BEWARE time starts from when you purchace the ticket! just a note! Also the NYC passes start from the first time you use it...that counts as that day even if it's that night when you use it for the first time! FYI!! My suggestion would be to ride the loops around and see everything and then decide where and when you want to go to each place. Get a map of the subway and take it everywhere and study it a bit. can get very confussing! Walking, the loops and the subway are best ways to go! Places to eat: Carnegie Deli...awesome! HUGE portions...share! Cheesecake amazing! Lemonaid was even great! De Nico in LIttle Italy was very good! Pappaya King was aweful! don't waste your time, wish i hadn't. although the fruit drink was good! Serendipity lived up to it's reputation. Frozen hot choc. was awesome and carmel on icecream was good too, you will have to wait a bit though! 44 1/2 was awesome, it's between 44th and 45th. It seemed to be a mostly gay restaunt which was suprising to me but it was awesome. all male waiters wearing pink shirts with little funny sayings on them. Staff Nice as can be and food was really good! Got us in and out to get to our show on time. Wicked was AWESOME. i am a Wizard of Oz lover so it was really good for me. Gershwin Theatre right across the street from our hotel! that was nice. TOTR was breath taking. we went during the day and again at night! Greenwhich village at night we were told was great...didn't understand all the hype in that but were were exhausted by then! The Staten Island ferry is the best way to go if you don't want to go to the Ellis Island. Get great pics and a nice view of it and a little down time! Walking across the Brooklyn Bridge was awesome. We got a taxi over and walked back! China town Canal st lived up to its rep too. i got into a mini van on the side of the street with a lady and bought 2 couch bags. don't know if they're real but it was fun and got a good deal!! Subway to Yankee Stadium and got right back on to go back, lol! didn't hang out long! Dylan's Candy Shop was great. my daughter's name is Dylan so that was cool for us! every kind of candy imaginable! Tiffany and Co. cool to just go in! Rode a horse and carriage in park, was a let down, they charged too much and didn't see much of the park AT ALL! rode the bycle carriage through 5th ave at night. that was very cool and worth it. we were tired and too lazy to walk anymore! haha! St Patricks Cathedral was unbelievable! Just wanking down the streets and into the neighborhoods was awesome. especially away from the busy parts. if i think of anything else i'll write some more! Over all a wonderful trip. even figured out some things about my husband in those few days! lol!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coe0320
<Content>Wonderful Experience Could not have asked for a better experience. All hotel staff were extremely nice and helpful. They hold your bags for you if you cant check in early and hold them the day you check out if leaving later. the rooms were spacous. The beds are the most comfortable beds I've ever slept in at a hotel(this is a biggie for me...i'm a little pampered when it comes to the bed). Close to everything. Across the street from Gershwin Theatre(Wicked) and convient to everything. will def stay again!!! Oh breakfast was good but gets crowded! go early!!  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BorisYeltsin
<Content>Great location, good quality for the price in New York I stayed in this Hampton Inn for 5 nights with my family. Location on Eighth Ave., 51st. St., intersection was the main benefit. Time Sq., was only 9 blocks away on 42nd. St., the Ambassador Theatre was on 49th. Street (Chicago - The Musical, GREAT!!!) and the subway was on 50th. St..There were four of us in total (2 adults and 2 teenagers), so we took a room with 2 double beds. The room was large and clean. We asked for and got a quiet room facing onto the back of the hotel on the 8th floor.As expected given the other reviews on this hotel, the breakfast room always busy, when we arrived each morning at 8.45am. However, we were eventually able to get a table for four. In addition the lifts were busy at the same time period. So one just needs to be patient at the busy times.The food quality and range was good. The staff kept it well stocked for breakfasts. We had more than enough.The staff were efficient and business like. For example, one of my teenagers managed to block the WC in the bathroom at 2am one night. Once we notified reception, a man came within 5 mins., and had it fixed immediately.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>LDSUk
<Content>Great Location Great location for Times Square/Central Park and Broadway Theatres.Subway stations less than a 5 minute walk away.Staff polite and helpful with efficient check in/out.Rooms a reasonable size for New York and were clean and very comfortable- some traffic noise ( we were on the 4th floor at the front) but it wasn't too obtrusive. Breakfast was convenient being in the hotel and yes there are queues but they didn't last too long.There is a bag service if you are in a rush...24 hr complimentary tea and coffee available downstairs adjacent to the breakfast room with ice/soft drinks vending machines on each floor. Free Wi-Fi for those who need it.Overall a good clean hotel with friendly staff. Location excellent for Theatres- would stay again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MidwestLiketoTravel
<Content>Large room, great location We stayed two nights at the Hampton Inn Times Square north the first weekend in August and found it to be a top-notch property. The room was exceptionally large for New York City -- I have stayed at other hotels with bigger names and bigger prices but much smaller rooms.Breakfast was ample each day with a hot entree and plenty of fruit, yogurt, etc., for light eaters.The location of the property is outstanding -- just a few blocks from Times Square, a little farther to Central Park, close to everything you would want in midtown.Our reservation was based on the strong reviews on this site, and the hotel and its employees did not disappoint.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>rvstauff
<Content>Great Hotel This was a great place to crash in NYC. We only spent one night, but we were very happy with the location and the room. We had 2 queen size beds which was great with a 7 and 10 year old. Loved that they always had some kind of snack out. Staff was very friendly. Our room was very quiet, but we were on the inside. Breakfast was very good. Lots of kid friendly options. We felt very safe in and around this hotel. Parking was very convenient next door and had discounted rate if staying at the hotel. Drug store on next corner for in room drinks and snacks. Would have like a better room rate, but I guess it was NYC in the summer. We had a great time. Priceless!  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	-1	5	4	4	

<Author>LizM2
<Content>Great Location in New York We booked this hotel based on online reviews and for location and breakfast and were not disappointed. We had 2 rooms for 5 of us and found them to be very comfortable indeed. The location was central to everything - 2 minutes to Times Square, 5 minutes to Central Park. Hairdryers and in-room safe were provided at no extra charge. The breakfast room was busy but not excessively so and the food was plentiful and of a decent standard. Fresh apples were always available at reception and there were sometimes cookies too. There was tea, coffee and hot chocolate available 24/7. All staff members we encountered were friendly. Breakfast bags were available for early departures but when we needed them, we were leaving 10 minutes before they were due to be put out and could not be accommodated - hard luck! There were plenty of restaurants and shops nearby and the Grey Line Tour Shop was a short distance away on the same street. We would recommend this hotel and would book it again for future trips.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>elk1914
<Content>Keep it a Secret Front desk help was efficient and friendly. Stored luggage before check-in and will hold luggage after check-out. Breakfast room was well supplied and clean.  On the go Breakfast was a great time saver. Afternoon cookies and apples were a great snack.Remember that Avenues in the city are a much longer walk than the Streets. Drug store on next block for needed items and treats. Restaurants nearby.Great experience! I should keep this place a secret so there will be a room available for me next visit.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sharpay10
<Content>Excellent Hotel!! My mom and I stayed at this lovely property during our recent trip to NYC. We stayed 5 nights at the end of July. I booked in advance and got a decent rate. We were pleasantly surprised to find that the rooms were indeed larger than most in NYC and very clean. The decor was nice and no strange smell in the room. We had a room on the 11th floor facing 8th ave and there was not much noise considering this is a very busy street. There were also a lot of families with small children at this hotel but again, not much noise. We ate the free breakfast every morning at around 7:30/8:00 and did not encounter any long lines. The location of this hotel is great. The broadway shows Wicked, Jersey Boys and Hairspray are across the street within a block or two and the Grayline siteseeing office is just down the street. Times Square Church is on 51st straight across from the hotel. Times Square is about a block away. This hotel is in midtown so you will be within walking distance of most midtown attractions. Subway access is very close by. We were very comfortable and safe at this hotel, staff was friendly - we knew we could ask anything and they would help.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	2	

<Author>AlbertaTraveller17
<Content>Awesome hotel in the heart of the City Four of us stayed here for three nights in July 2008 and we were very impressed with everything about the hotel.Our room: renovated, clean, spacious for NYC, free wireless internet, comfy beds, small but clean bathroom, free in-room safe.Staff: very accommodating, very courteous. We tipped them well and we were treated like kings and queens.Breakfast: really busy, go early in the morning if you want to get a seat, decent variety for a free buffet.Location: AWESOME. Blocks from Times Square and the theatre district. 24-hour cafe kitty corner from the hotel, a grocery store about 3 blocks away, a pharmacy about 1 block away, a Starbucks just one block up. Only blocks away from two different train lines.Parking: is expensive (if I recall, it was about $26 a day) but it's secure and it's underground so you don't have to worry about your vehicle.Cons: the towels smelled like vinegar, and the hotel only has two elevators. Do yourself a favour and take the stairs!I would definitely stay here again!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>MichaelandLouise
<Content>Great Location Great location, within easy walking distance of Times Square etc.Nice size rooms, all well presented.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Luca76
<Content>Basic, overpriced, charmeless I stayed in this hotel on 27 July. The hotel is basic and charmeless, I was disappointed when I saw it, since I had read the reviews on Tripadvisor which were very positive (God knows why). In the middle of the night, my 9 months old baby wook up since, due to the very tiny walls, she could hear the telephone conversation that the lady staying in the room next door was having with one girlfried (nothing interesting, anyway).In the morning no way to have the breakfast since there was a 20 minutes kew (it seemed to be in an army barrack, not in a hotel) . Anyway, I thought, let's stay two nights more: the rate (219 USD) seemed to me, at the end of the day, not too bad for New York. I spoke to the manager who told me we will try to do our best to allow you to keep your rate. Unfortunaly that was not true at all, the price for a week day was 499 USD! At this point I decided to spend 7 dollars more and go straight to the Waldorf Astoria where at least I was in a first class hotel and not a third class motel pretending to be upscale.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	5	4	3	1	1	

<Author>McParrot
<Content>Very happy staying there All the hotels are so expensive in New York City. The Hampton wasn't cheap but for the money we were very happy. The location is great and the room was very nice. The breakfast both mornings we were there was very filling. They even had a bowl of apples there on the counter all day.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>JLEPennsylvania
<Content>Location, Location, Location! Great location and believe it or not, a very quiet hotel in NYC!Excellent stay and would have given it perfect stay if we didn't have a lousy breakfast the first morning we were there. Everything else was great! The hotel was in a great location for Broadway plays, we were there to see Wicked which we could just about see from our window!The room was clean, a normal size, bathroom a bit small but bigger than most in Manhattan! Everything worked, check in was a breeze, hotel parking was a bargain for the city at $26.00 a day and there were cookies there every afternoon, coffee, tea, and hot chocolate 24 hours a day.I was so surprised at how quiet it was, we hardly heard anything, maybe once and a while a siren or a horn but when you stepped outside it was loud. I guess they don't build them like they used to. We've been at many Hampton Inns and they were not quiet at all. The hotel was busy and there was a very long line for breakfast, the first day they were out of bagels! Imagine, out of bagels in NYC, but they had grits? We opted to eat breakfast down the street the 2nd day and then saw people getting on the elevator with tons of breakfast way past the breakfast hours?Other than the breakfast which to me is always Hampton Inns weakness, a Great stay, no problems at all!  
<Date>Jul 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>monroefamily
<Content>Great Location to Times Square/Broadway We chose this location because of its convenience to Times Square and its breakfast. You are one block off of Times Square and the tour buses stop just up the street! I would highly recommend this hotel. The nighttime security made you feel very safe. The room looked to be recently updated, but no view. This is definitely the mid-range hotel that you want to be in! Our teens loved the hustle and bustle right out our door. Close to subways too! Broadway shows just minutes away. We ate at Sombrero's Mexican just around the corner, and it was good. Also, La Tommasino's (or something) which was very expensive for the value. The tour buses are awesome and I highly recommend it to see the city! We also loved the Circle Line boat cruise past the Statue of Liberty included in our $49 bus tour.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sev_Canada
<Content>A very good place to stay Was there July 13th for 3 nights. Very close to everything. Good for people wanting to see shows on Broadway. Very good hot breakfast. Would stay again.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sixcolors
<Content>A good place to stay in NYC Booked this hotel while I was attending a conference at the Hilton NYC near by.They offer free wifi and a good breakfast in the mornings. I enjoyed the rooms and the location was great.Upon checkin they had me in a smoking room and I had requested a non-smoking room. A manager corrected the situation after about 5 minutes.I would probably stay here again, although I am not a fan of the area as it is too busy for me to stay in for personal travel.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Tazmom
<Content>Wow, Wow, and Wow Great hotel, clean, modern, location rocks, cannot say enough about it. GREAT!Our first time in NY, researched hotels on the web. Picked the right one.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>OhioEcon
<Content>Good Place to Stay Stayed for 3 nights in July. Family of four with two teenage daughters. Selected this hotel because of location and free (included) breakfast. Hotel is a short walk from the Gershwin Theater, home of Wicked. Did the behind the scenes tour (highly recommended, daughters loved it) and the Saturday show. Could walk back and forth from hotel. First room smelled musty, so asked for different room. No problem...second room fine. Was personally taken to the room by Silvio to make sure was all ok. He checked in with us each evening to see how we were enjoying our stay. Didn't really expect this type of hospitality in NYC. Four stars for Silvio...they should keep him there. Rooms are typical Hampton (nice), although maybe a bit more worn (because of the high amount of use I suppose). They are re-doing some wallpaper etc to spruce up. Maid did a very nice job cleaning the room each day and should be commended. I'm pretty pickey about things, and I'm not beyond asking for changes or a discount if things are not right. Not the fanciest NY hotel, but still good. Breakfast was very good but room could get crowded. On Saturday there was a long line out the door to get in...but thankfully we had eaten early and had a much smaller crowd to contend with. Other days were ok. We enjoyed our visit and would stay here again if we return. We all commented to each other on how well everthing worked out so well staying at this Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>Geoff21
<Content>Chaotic Breakfast This hotel is well positioned in the Theatre district of Manhattan and close to various subway stations to allow you to travel to all parts of Manhattan. The rooms are fine but don't expect anything out of the ordinary when it comes to views from your window. The room was large and the bed was very comfortable. We had a king size bed and our room was on the 11th (top) floor and was quiet.Breakfast can be a bit of a scrum. On Sunday we arrived at the breakfast room at 8.40 am, the vast majority of tables were taken and there was a huge queue. This subsided by about 9.40, but they didn't run out of food!The hot option consisted of two items each day, so on the Sunday we had waffles and sliced sausage, so don't get the idea that you will be eating your usual holiday full English breakfast!One good touch is the availability of hot drinks during the day from Reception. There is a lady stationed in the lobby who can give helpful information on restaurants, sights, help with travel etc. and she is a mine of information.On average we paid 150 pounds a night.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>kareningeorgia
<Content>Great Stay Great location; right by most of the Broadway shows. Great pizza place right across the street. This stay was actually paid for with hotel points, but it was great. Go to the breakfast as early as possible or it is PACKED! Free apples and sometimes cookies at the front desk are a nice touch. Elevators seemed to take forever, but that is my only gripe. It was a great hotel for our family. No noise whatsoever. We requested a room on a high floor away from the elevator, and that is what we got. No complaints!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>chellers1968
<Content>Excellent Hotel Hampton Inn Hotel - 51st and 8th Avenue.This hotel is just down the street from the theatres, not far from Central Park, about 2 blocks from the subway station on 50th St, and an easy walk to Times Square.They have security at this hotel, though I don't know if it's really needed, as this is a safe area. I stayed by myself and walked from my Broadway show to the hotel (about 4-5 blocks) around midnight and felt totally safe all the way there.The hotel offers a deluxe continental breakfast with eggs, waffles, etc. There are two rooms to sit in and I never had a problem finding a place to sit. The front desk was extremely helpful as was the security desk when it came to information. The rooms are nice also - average size (bigger than the average NYC hotel from what I've heard). I didn't notice any difference with the size of the room compared to other cities I've stayed in.I stayed there in early April 2008 and would definitely stay there again (if the price is right - they are a bit on the high side, but that is just NYC prices).  
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>canabama
<Content>Walk to Central Park, Times Square My sister and I met my parents here for a weekend visit. We used hilton points one night and paid for two nights. It was an excellent hotel - clean, rather spacious I would say for New York, and a great location. It's within a ten minute walk to most museums and the park, within a two minute walk to subways and about a ten minute walk to the theatres. The free breakfast in the morning was completely packed each day, but despite the hotel being loaded with guests, we rarely saw them. On the last day, we left our luggage with the hotel since our flight out was later in the day - this was a complete ease and would highly recommend doing this if your schedule requires it. As with any large city, there was some street noise but just added to the charm of staying in the heart of Manhattan. The views left a lot to be desired but we were rarely in the room except to sleep.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mil64
<Content>Value for money We travelled from the UK with our 2 adult children and we had booked a non smoking 2 Queen room. When we arrived we were checked in straight away by very friendly staff who asked if we needed any help.We were shown to our room on the 7th floor and were pleasently surprised by the size plenty of room for 4 adults. Room was very clean and beds were extremely comfortable. Breakfast was of a good standard and hot dishes were changed daily.All dishes were kept topped up at all times,hotel offers free hot drinks in the lounge area and are available 24 hrs a day,cookies and apples are also available. We stayed for 4 nights and I would return to the Hampton inn on my next stop in New york as it is very central and good value for money.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AlliH101
<Content>Great Location! We got given a night here as a present (Thanks Sam) during our stay. To be honest, i was not expecting much, as everyone says most NY hotels are over priced and have small rooms. Three of us booked in, and got a room with two double beds. We also had a view onto the street! the room was a good size (never felt like we were tripping over each other) and had all the amenities you would expect, and a few more (playstations and pay per view movies on demand!) This is not a hotel you select on the basis of its pretty ground, or spa features, (cos who comes to NY for either of those!) but for its location. And it delivers. Breakfast was great, check in staff lovely, parking right beside the hotel, concierge service, and the hotel kept or bags after check in. The rooms were spotless, and have loads of little extras (mouthwash!! Body Lotion!!)Not amazing, but absolutely no complaints, and would stay here again! A solid bet for a city break hotel  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Migizi
<Content>Excellent choice and value for Midtown Stayed at this property a few different times, on business. For Midtown and points west of Midtown, this is a great choice - surprisingly good, relatively low rates. Details...GOOD:--Rooms are in very good condition, kept up well (though not fancy)--Comfy beds--Free wireless internet--Staff are always friendly and helpful--Location is good, for anything Midtown and west--Rates are a bargain for Midtown--Breakfasts are decent--Cookies at the front desk are goodBAD:--Its not exactly in the center of Midtown, so many of the businesses and attractions in the heart of the neighborhood do require a walk of a few blocks (or a short cab ride)Overall, I highly recommend this property if you are doing Midtown.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mojomouse
<Content>Lived up to expectation My 9 year old daughter and I recently had 3 days in Manhattan and stayed at the Hampton Inn. I chose it because of reviews on Trip Advisor and it totally lived up to expectation. It was really well located on 8th Avenue, just a short walk to Broadway and all the theaters, also close to the subway at 50th Street. The room was great, not too small, two fantastically comfortable queen size beds and was absolutely immaculate. The bathroom looked brand new and there were ample towels and wash stuff. Breakfast is included and although it wasn't gourmet, there was plenty to choose from and lots of room to spread out. I know that sometimes hotel staff can be unhelpful at best, and at worst downright rude, but all the staff of the Hampton Inn were cheerful and happy to answer questions about getting around New York. All in all, I'd say this was a top spot, good value for money in a city where the sky's the limit for how expensive things are and I'd happily recommend it to anyone travelling with children.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lakelady45
<Content>Great hotel; great location We booked this hotel for a long weekend in NYC and loved it! The rooms are spacious compared to other rooms I've stayed in in NYC (2 queens with lots of room to move around), quiet and very clean. The location is ideal for sight-seeing and attending Broadway plays. The staff were friendly and helpful. The hotel serves a complimentary breakfast every morning with a good variety of breakfast foods and coffee is always available in the lobby. Although there is no on-site restaurant, there are lots of restaurants within walking distance. There is a fitness room available for those folks who don't get enough exercise walking. In short, this hotel doesn't have all the amenities and the glitz of some more expensive hotels, but it more than makes up for it in location, cleanliness, friendliness of the staff and comfort of the rooms!  
<Date>May 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>marlesghilllie
<Content>Faultless Not a single thing to fault in this great hotel... efficient and corteous staff, wonderful location (30 seconds walk to Times Square, 5 mins walk to Central Park), clean comfortable rooms, great buffet breakfast. 10/10 for everything!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mgsinger
<Content>Fantastic Location! We were at the Hampton Inn from April 26 to May 6, 2008. Our room was very quiet and the staff were always helpful. The location was great! Several very good places to eat nearby- Azalea and Thalia were our favorites. Easy walk to Broadway plays, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Park. The subway is just two blocks away and we used it a lot.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>LondonLass2006
<Content>Great Location + Professional Staff + Very Comfortable Bed I stayed at Hampton Inn éˆ¥?Times Square North from 7th May to 9th May 2008. This hotel was very good from a number of perspectives, a very good location, professional friendly staff and a great room size with comfortable bed.I had a slight glitch at check-in, which was quickly resolved to my satisfaction by John, the Customer Service Manager. The room I had came with 2 double beds, very comfortable mattress and lovely choice of pillows, with soft to firm. There is a coffee maker in the room, but frankly, you are much better off using the free always available fresh coffee units located in the lobby which has perfect coffee, including both regular, strong and decaf - they also had tea choices which I didn't use.The bathroom was clean, had a nice selection of shampoos and soaps, and loads of fluffy white towels. The water pressure for the shower wasn't very strong though, so one little issue. There is a small built-in room safe which operates with a key. There isn't a mini bar, but with all the choices of 24-hour places so nearby that wasn't an issue at all.The breakfast room in the lobby offers a hot breakfast together with other choices. I saw many items about this breakfast on Trip Advisor, and here is the truth ... this hot breakfast is not the traditional hot breakfast which anyone would normally expect to see. So there wasn't any scrambled eggs, sausage, bacon, etc. What they did have was a choice of 2 premade omelettes, one plain and one with a cheese flavouring - by that, I mean, a cheese filling which was like a Cheese Wiz. And the omlet appeared to be made with an egg substitute. So was it ok? Well, if you expect a proper full hot breakfast, then no. It was tasty enough, but not the quality of a proper hot breakfast. On the other hand, it comes free with your room, and other hotels would charge you at least $20 for a full hot breakfast, so it was fine. In addition, they had all sorts of muffins, scones, cereals, yogurt and fruit. And, a very nice touch, was that by the front desk, they had sealed paper bags containing an assortment of muffins and other items, for those people who don't have time to sit down for their breakfast. On my 2nd day, they had a different hot choice, which was their version of french toast, cinnamon flavoured bread-like sticks, again tasty enough, but not really french toast.All in all, I had a very nice stay at this hotel and would return.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CarolAnnM
<Content>Outstanding Hotel -- clean and friendly oasis in NYC What a great hotel. Close to theaters and great restaurants, and a wonderful place to make your base of operations for a trip to NYC.We were there for some shopping, eating and a Broadway show. We arrived well before check in time and the gracious staff allowed us to check in early. The room was spacious, clean and fresh smelling. Hampton Inn has the best beds and bedding, and this one was no exception. There was 24 hour hot beverage service in the lobby and the Hampton Inn breakfast in the morning. The breakfast is not gourmet fare, but has a number of good choices for the health conscious and the not so inclined. The morning that we were leaving, when I asked the gentleman at the front desk if we could check out an hour late, he did not hesitate to say yes. In summary, this is an excellent hotel with a friendly, accommodating staff -- everyone we encountered was EXTREMELY pleasant and friendly. I am impressed with the level of customer service that Hampton Inn delivers.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sanamarl
<Content>A Well Run Hotel in a Great Location By New York City standards the Hampton Inn is reasonably priced, and for what the hotel gives you, itéˆ¥æªš almost a bargain [again, by NYC standards].LOCATION: Located on 8th Avenue between 51st and 52nd Street, the hotel is close to theaters, subways, delis, TKTS, and the bustle of Times Square. If you like to travel via taxi, if thereéˆ¥æªš not one waiting at the door, there will be plenty driving by on 8th Avenue. Eighth Avenue is bustling and at no time does one feel unsafe.THE ROOM: The room with one king bed is a comfortable size. My wife and I didnéˆ¥æª› have to coordinate our movements to avoid bumping in to each other. In addition to an iron/ironing board and hair dryer the room had my three necessities: a safe, a clock, and a coffee maker. Drawers and closet space are adequate. There was a full length mirror. USA Today is included in your room price. If you bring your computer, high speed internet access is available in the room and is included in the room price. The TV was a flat screen. We didnéˆ¥æª› watch TV so I canéˆ¥æª› comment on picture quality or station selection. The shower spray is adjustable and the water temperature remains constant; the water pressure, however, is unsteady. The shower is a shower/bath combination. The bathroom has a nightlight. Housekeeping was dependable, friendly, and performed their duties well. The beds were comfortable. We were on the 11th floor overlooking 8th Avenue; my wife, who is a light sleeper, never commented on any street noise.ELEVATORS: Very efficient -- never an unreasonable waitSTAFF: Pleasant, helpful, and accommodating INTERNET ACCESS: If you donéˆ¥æª› have your computer with you, the hotel provides two computers with printers off the lobby. The cost is included in the price of the room. There is a 10-minute time limit before you are logged out -- a good policy that prevents discourteous guests from treating them like their personal machines.SECURITY: I noticed no security cameras in the hallways and elevators. A security guard checks room keys after 9 PM, but no one was checking on Friday/Saturday nights when we went to our room. In any event, the checking of room keys is not very effective. Instead of turning in the plastic key card when one checks out, an ill-intentioned person can retain it and use it to show the key checker when he wishes to access the room areas at night.FOOD: Like all Hampton Inns at which Iéˆ¥æªe stayed, the guests have access to a buffet breakfast which is built into the price of the room. Cereal, sausage, eggs/French toast/waffles, yogurt, breads, bagels, pastries, fruit, milk, juice, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea are standard. The breakfast crew does an excellent job restocking. In addition, apples, coffee, hot chocolate, and tea are available at any time in the lobby [as are cookies if you time it right]. When looking at the price of the room, be sure to consider how much money these food features will save you.All-in-all, a well run hotel in a great location which offers you value for your money.  
<Date>May 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bdg1
<Content>excellent hotel we could not have asked for a better hotel!. the location was excellent and the staff were exceptionally helpful. the rooms were very clean. the bedding was all white so you could see they were spotless. the bed and pillows were wonderful. the breakfast was abundant with excellent variety. i can't say enough about this hotel! excellent!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Illinois1
<Content>Wonderful stay at hampton! My daughter and I just spent 3 nights at this hotel. The room was spacious, clean, and with a great view. 2 computers in the lobby for guests to use, free of charge. The complimentary breakfast was wonderful, great variety of choices, including fresh fruit. The staff were all wonderful, helpful, smiling, gracious. On our last day, we requested late check out as our shuttle was coming just after 2pm. They offered check out at 2pm. I have never stayed at a more accommodating hotel. Not only did they extend our stay, but the room was cleaned while we were out in the morning - on our discharge day. We were able to come back to a clean room to eat lunch and get ready for our departure. I would recommend this hotel to anyone coming to New York. We stayed at a larger, more expensive hotel on our last visit. The Hampton surpassed that hotel by far. A great place with employees who went above and beyond to make our stay enjoyable.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ikura
<Content>very good service This is my second time at the Hampton Inn in Manhattan. I returned because it is a good price for its location, and the free internet and breakfast save additional money for my budget-conscious company. This time I noticed a concerted effort to improve service. Staff were very courteous and went out of their way to help.The breakfast is not the greatest, but it is free. There is always a hot item (example: sausage and waffles), as well as cold cereals, yogurt, and pastries. My room was a bit noisy because some door nearby kept slamming, and Manhattan always has lots of sirens and honking. Overall, though, this hotel is a very good value.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>advisorfan80
<Content>Stressless Stay at Hampton I stayed with my wife 2 nights. Staff was excellent. We checked our bags before the room was ready. When we checked out the bags were carried to the parking garage next door. The parking rate was discounted for guests. Get your parking stub validated by the hotel before picking up the car. The room was spacious. We were on the 8th Avenue side 10th floor. I would ask for the other side opposite 8th Ave to get a quieter room. The breakfast was very good and the staff worked hard to keep the food items full and the area clean. The location was perfect. We saw the Jersey Boys and the theater was around the corner on 52 st. 2 minute walk. Learn as much as you can about the transportation system. The bus and subways will save you a lot of walking and time.  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>stijnec
<Content>Good hotel, beware of breakfast!       room  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>ab2000
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location       lobby  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mk14617
<Content>Excellent in every way! This hotel has a wonderful location. Parking is immediately adjacent. Rooms are incredibly spacious for NYC, and the staff was so friendly that I could not believe I was in New York City! :-) Everything works in the room, and everything was new or almost. We had a wonderful time and consider this the finest overall hotel we have stayed in in NYC (and that list includes the Waldorf Astoria).  
<Date>Apr 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>starsmom
<Content>GREAT location but.... Great place to stay and I probably would again, however, when I got home, all my clothes smelled like cigarette smoke!! YUCK!! I thought this was a smoke-free hotel. Would I stay here again? Absolutely!! This couldn't be anymore centrally located to where we wanted to be. Concierge service-late check-out-even kept our bags while we shopped for the remainder of our day. Great breakfast!! Just have a hard time dealing with the smell of cigs.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cab514
<Content>Wonderful location and great service Stayed here during April break with my 13 year old daughter for two nights.Picked this hotel because of its location. It's in the heart of the theater district and we could walk to every place we wanted to see.The included breakfast saved us some money even though it wasn't the most exciting meal we've ever had. All the restaurants in the area made up for it though.Our room had two queen sized beds and was clean and comfortable. The bathroom looked a little ragged around the edges, but was also very clean.The hotel was filled with children (also on school break) but our room was surprising quiet. Didn't hear the traffic outside or the kids in the hallways.The service at the front desk was very pleasant as was the ability to check out bags in early. We arrived at the hotel during the latter part of the morning and were thrilled to be able to leave our luggage behind as we went wandering around.Would stay here again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>euskfnm
<Content>Terrible I was checking in to a other hotel on my 2nd trip and found that my credit card was declined. They Putt a hold of $ 4900/- in 5 different transaction and than charged the amount of $ 4400/- at check out again as a separate transaction in stead of adjusting the previously hold amount. this caused the credit card account to go over limit. When I called my credit card to find out that they have made multiple transaction twice. Credit card company asked me to contact the Hampton Inn, When i called them and spoke with the Guest Service Manager, Let me tell you one thing she doesn't know any thing about customer service and doesn't want to listen what I am trying to say, She insisted that she has been working for may years and know how the system works (I am a frequent traveler and know how the things works) the worst part is that she was not listening to me but keep on saying Calm down.Finally I had put her in a conference call with Credit card company and they explained her than she was apologizing. But that doesn't do any good to me, I waisted 4 hours one the phone and had to use my debit card for few transactions. Had to hear that my credit card had been declined. and have to hear calm down from a Guest service Manager Who doesn't want to listen and doesn't know any thing about customer Service.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>MexicoBob25
<Content>Nice hotel, great service and good location We had a good experience at this hotel from start to finish. Everyone was helpful and friendly.The location is great, close to Times Square, Broadway. Also a block or two from subways which will take you everywhere.There are hundreds of restaurants within a few blocks of the hotel.Breakfast at the hotel was surprisingly, good. Attracted large crowds but things were well organized. This was a clean, well managed hotel, staffed with good people that cared about their job. It was a pleasure to stay there and a good value. We really look forward to going back there.MexicoBob 25  
<Date>Apr 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>woodway
<Content>Great Hotel for NTC Visit My son and I stayed here for three nights, April 5-8. We picked this hotel based on the reviews we read here.First, the location is great! Easy walk to Tmes Square, Central Park, Theaters, Rockefeller Center, etc.We stayed in a room with two queen beds, and the room was clean and everything was in working order. The room was large by NYC hotel standards.The staff were uniformly friendly and helpful.In short, this hotel was a great choice for us, and we will definitley stay here again when we come back to NYC.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>PNE17
<Content>What a wonderful hotel ! Date: 4th April 2008Reviewer: Croasdale family, Preston, EnglandWhat a wonderful hotel ! The reports we had read on trip advisor were not wrong.From the moment we arrived in the hotel to celebrate my wifeéˆ¥æªš 40th Birthday we were made to feel very welcome by the receptionist on duty and every member of staff we came into contact with was friendly and helpful. They couldnéˆ¥æª› do enough for you.Our room was on the 6th floor and it was spotlessly clean and my wife is fussy ! The bed linen and towels were changed every day; in fact one morning we left the éˆ¥æ¸„o not disturbéˆ¥?sign on the door by mistake, but on returning to our room we had been left a message on the telephone answering machine by the housekeeper to say to call her if we needed our room cleaning or fresh linen to be brought to us. Where would you get that kind of service in England? Although the breakfast was éˆ¥æ¸ƒomplimentaryéˆ¥?we found it to be really good with plenty of choice to suit everyone. Again everything was spotlessly clean in the dining room with the food freshly prepared each morning. The complimentary tea and coffee that was available throughout the day was very welcome after a hard days sightseeing. It was lovely to return to such a nice hotel at the end of the day, knowing that you would feel relaxed and comfortable in your hotel room.We can only recommend this hotel to others as we are sure you wonéˆ¥æª› be disappointed. I suspect there are 4 or 5 star hotels that couldnéˆ¥æª› offer the standard of cleanliness and excellent customer service that we received here. We will definitely be coming back.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Country53
<Content>Great location, very nice hotel, good service We stayed at the Hampton Inn on a Sunday night , March 30 2008, as we arrived too late from Frankfurt to connect to New Orleans.The staff could not have been nicer and the bell captain,Eugene, was very helpful as we had so many bags.The rooms were very clean and comfortable, and the included breakfast the next morning was excellent.I would recommend this hotel to anyone.C. FlannerySlidell, La.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>kirkyfromcarolina
<Content>A great place to stay in NYC We just returned from this hotel last week and I can not give it enough praise. Took my daughter for her 16th birthday and also my husband and 18 year old son.It was so close to Times Square, we walked there at least twice a day. The subway was just across the street. Very convenient to everything.The first night we noticed a musty smell in the bathroom, asked them to come spray and they did, but next morning it was still there. Asked to move to another room and they accomodated us immediately. We had absolutely no problem with the next room, it was very clean as was the lobby, halls and dining area.For a free breakfast, I was very impressed. Much more than a continental breakfast. Every day there was cereal, muffins, yogurt, fruit, sweet rolls, bagels and biscuits. There was a hot entree, different each day such as french toast sticks, waffles, biscuits and gravy, sausage and eggs. For the number of people that they served each day, I was amazed at how clean an neat the kept it. Never saw food on the floor or all over the counters. It seemed to be field trip central for high schoolers, I guess because of the free breakfast, but even with that many kids, it still was clean and plentiful. There is 24hr a day coffee and hot chocolate.The lobby usually had free apples and cookies while they lasted.Everyone was friendly and helpful. They locked up our bags since we got there before check-in and also kept them the day we checked out, until time to leave for the flight. I have nothing negative to say about this hotel and would stay there again in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>YorkshiretoNewYork
<Content>Very good value inc flights through Expedia.com We stayed as a family group of 6 with 2 rooms for 3 nights March/April 2008.Found hotel to be very clean and staff were helpful when requested.Location. Good location with a short walk to Times Square and other major attractions within walking distance. Approx 45 dollar (plus toll and tip) from JFK takes approx 45 mins.Breakfast was included in tariff. Not too busy (but we were out of season). Serve yourself breakfast was good for our needs including limited range of cereals, bagels, danish pastries (!), yoghurt, fruit salad and small varied hot menu inc eggs, waffles etc. Take out breakfast available although we didnt use itThroughout the day free tea, coffee, hot chocolate and apples available.We checked out in the morning but were able to leave our luggage at the hotel until the afternoon/evening.Overall this hotel doesn't have the glamorous external appearance/lobby that some others have but having regard to the total price we paid for flight + hotel we were very happy. Cost per person for 3 nights stay inc ecomomy British Airways return flights from Heathrow was approx æ‹¢525 (booked through Expedia).  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	4	4	3	

<Author>corker_7
<Content>A little piece of heaven.. Myself and my mum visited this hotel for 5 days in March, what a fantastic spot. Location was excellent - 5 mins walk to Times Square, 5 mins in the opposite direction to Central Park. Excellent choice of breakfast each morning and the complimentary hot drinks were so welcome after a hard days shopping! The staff were more than friendly and always had a friendly smile. Try Rays pizza accross the road for a good value tasty take away option. I will book this hotel without hesitation on my next trip to new york.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>missmetro
<Content>Continues to be the best in NYC I have stayed at this hotel at least once a year since they opened. the upkeep of this hotel is incredible. The staff could not be more helpful and polite. It is in a wonderful location to sites and the subway. If you can get a room stay here.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RNS_8
<Content>Great Location, Very Friendly Staff Having never visited America before I wasn't sure what to expect from the hotel and put my trust in the reviews I'd read here.I would agree with all that I'd read and would definitely recommend it to others. There were three of us in our party and the Twin Queen room was plenty big enough for all of us. The staff were very friendly and helpful, really couldn't fault them. We had requested a non-smoking room but found we had been booked into a smoking room when we arrived (not the hotel's fault). The hotel was fully booked as it was Easter weekend so we couldn't be moved so an ioniser was placed in our room each time we went out which solved the problem. The concierge was also very helpful with booking day trips and shuttles to the airport, nothing seemed to be too much trouble.Location wise Times Square, Central Park, Empire State are all within easy walking distance which is great. If I were to re-visit New York I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>skrosvik
<Content>Great!!!! Booked this hotel for one night directly through Hilton's website, at a rate of USD 229 ++.This is one of my all time favourite hotels. It is simply a great hotel. I have stayed at many top ends hotels around the world, and even though Hampton would not be able to compete in the same segment as FS or MO, I must say that the unpretentious level of service and the lavish rooms are highly comparable to the snobby service and tired rooms of many of the top luxury hotels.I was checked-in early by a nice receptionist. The doorstaff took care of my luggage. My room was large and modern, it had a great and comfortable bed, sufficient lighting, a large LCD tv, a laptop safe, walk-in closet, a comfortable desk and ergonomical chair, a cosy chair and footrest. The bathroom was large and had a lot of quality amenities. The bathtub was large enough and the water pressure from the shower head were okey (could have been stronger, but not really a problem). I stayed on several hotels in New York during this trip: two nights at the Westin and three nights at the Sheraton Towers. Unfortunately I stayed only one night at the Hampton, because it was my last night in New York. Hampton were way better than the Westin and the Sheraton, both in terms of service/staff friendliness and in terms of room quality/amenities. I was so surprised by this, and I do wish all Hamptons could be like this one. Every staff member were warm, friendly and smiling - those includes the door staff, the elevator staff, the breakfast staff, the front desk staff, the housekeeping staff and so on. They provide a casual and comfortable atmosphere to the hotel. One of the managers called to my room to hear if everything were fine and in order. This usually happens in high end hotels only. I was pleasantly surprised to experience this in a Hampton Inn! There was complientary wireless internet throughout the hotel, complimentary local calls, complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate both in the rooms and in the lobby (a very nice feature), complimentary apples, complimentary newspaper delievered to the room and complimentery buffet breakfast. The breakfast was not my style of breakfast - only sweet things like cookies, donuts, cakes....not very healthy. There was a very limited selection of fruits and yoghurt. But it was all complimentary, so I can't complain about it. Starbucks and Subway were just across the street.Great location too!! One block from Times Square.I will return to this hotel anytime!!! Thank you Hampton Inn!!!  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>loracVA
<Content>Nice Location This hotel is conveniently located in midtown Manhattan. It is clean, the rooms are small but comfortable. The breakfast which is included is fine. There are a lot of choices in toast, english muffins, and cereal every morning. There was a lot of help cleaning up and replenishing the food. Certainly anyone with kids would appreciate the convenience of having breakfast available in the hotel at no cost. My only minor problem was when I originally booked my room for 4 nights I was charged a higher price than when I went back and checked the price a few days before I arrived. I called the hotel personally and was told my record would be updated. However, upon check in the agent at the desk quoted the original rate and told me they were like an airline and normally do not adjust the price. However, since I had documentation, she honored the lower price. So be careful and check your room price carefully before you arrive and when you book to be sure you are getting the best deal. I saved over $400 by checking the price on the stay.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	2	3	-1	

<Author>SandSunandSea
<Content>Home away from home       Hotel Entrance  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LSBurdett
<Content>Another hotel that just gets it I agree with what the others have said and I'll highlight just a few points:- Location. Close enough to Times Square without being trapped amongst its jammed sidewalks. From JFK take the A or E train to the 50th Street Station (plan an hour each way) and you are a block from the hotel.- Bed. Excellent.- Check-in/Check-out. Fast and friendly.As with most other hotels in NYC there is street noise (specifically car honking at ridiculous hours) to contend with and I would request a room away from the street. Unlike like most NYC hotel rooms the ones here are fairly spacious.  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Nikon
<Content>Nice Hotel and great value for the money Stayed here 4 nights and I'm satisfied with this Hotel. It's not fancy but it's a nice Hotel and good value for the money. The check in was quick, the room was big with comfortable beds, the complimentary breakfast (eat early, at least before 8AM to avoid the crowd) had not everything you might want but was perfectly OK and the staff was friendly. The location is great near Times Square, Rockefeller Center, Central Pak etc. It's even convienent to take a walk to Madison Square Garden. I will probably stay here again if visiting New York City.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Splanky
<Content>Stayed there before, will stay there again! I stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North last year and re-booked for my trip this year. Could not beat the price for the location and ammenities!I was greeted with a welcome back and an early check-in to a room at the end of the hall, on a high floor, just as I had requested. My room faced 8th Ave, and to be honest, I was not bothered by street noise at all. I would rather have the 8th ave view too.The staff here are really warm and helpful. They are also professional and friendly. I had a problem with a slow drain, and it was fixed by the time I got back to my room.The rooms are large and comfortable. I used the safe everyday. And I always felt secure, even staying alone here. I will definitely stay here again on my next trip to the city!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravelLover314
<Content>Great Place to Stay! I loved this hotel. The price is reasonable and it is a very nice place to stay. The rooms are cute and clean. The free breakfast is delicious with different choices each morning. They serve complimentary coffee, tea, and hot chocolate every day along with cookies. There is an excellent pizza place across the street ( I can't remember the name of it). The food at the pizza place is reasonable and delicious. They have a wide variety too. There's also a few fast food places within walking distance if you are eating on a budget or have kids to feed.The staff was very friendly. It's only a five minute walk to all the attractions in Times Square and Broadway. I don't think I would stay anywhere else. You will be very pleased with hotel!!  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mtlhockeyfan
<Content>wonderful We just recently got back from our wonderful stay in NYC .Firstly i would like to add that i too had reservations for another hotel, which I cancelled due to trip advisor comments on Hampton innThe hotel check in was great we arrived 2 hours early and we got our room right away with no problems at all, the staff was very friendly especially the man who checked our bags. The room was VERY CLEAN especially the bathroom. The entire room was very pleasant the deco was nice and the beds were extremely comfortable. However, you do hear the typical noise from outside which we all found very exciting your in NEW YORK CITY what else do you expect.The breakfast room was a little crowed but we waited a few minutes and a table cleared up, the food was good typical breakfast stuff cereal, bagels, eggs, fruit etc..also the breakfast staff was great. On your last day we wanted to enjoy new york just a little longer, so the hotel kept our bags for us and no extra charge, however the parking guys did charge us extra (half a day) which wasn't so bad. The parking lot is right next door and its about 25$ a day if you want to take your car out to visit they will charge you for it so i would suggest that you park it for your entire stay (taxi or subway) all in all from our experience we didn't stay in the room very long there are to many things to see in new york, but i loved that fact that every night we went to bed we felt safe and comfortablewe are already planning our next trip to new york in the spring, Hampton Inn sounds just about perfect to us..!!!!!additional points1. the hotel location is great just a few blocks from many great place especially time square2. the subway is minutes away, you can buy a metro passes for 7$ which is very practical3. if you travel in February bring warm clothes ( it was cold)4. must see: time square, empire state building, statue of liberty , Brooklyn bridge, Rockefeller center, canal street, little Italy, Chinatown, Soho, the subways, 5th avenue, Central Park..and the list goes on and on !! what a great city :)  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Roro40
<Content>Can't recommend highly enough! Having researched practically every hotel in NYC, eventually opted for the Hampton. The location, cleanliness, staff and accessibility for my elderly father were second to none. My only gripe was a rather patronising Irish female manager we had the misfortune to meet on our very last day. Quite rude to my father, who is over 80 and very hard of hearing, but this is just an aside.Location is 1st class - go out the front door, turn right and 5 mins take you to Times Sq; turn left and 5 mins take you to Central Park. Right in the heart of everything - subway more or less across the street.If you've never had a Margarita cocktail, go across the street to 'Mi Nidito' Mexican restaurant - I guarantee you'll never get a better one - Killer Margaritas!! In short can't recommend highly enough. Hope anyone who reads this review and is influenced by it has as great a time as I had. Only came home yesterday and miss NYC so much already!!  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LiliTango
<Content>Excellent service, charming personnel. I chose the Hampton Inn based on comments from TripAdvisor. I even had reservations for another hotel, which I cancelled, and I am completely satisfied with my choice.The rooms and lobbies are nice and recently decorated. The morning breakfast is very abundant and with different choices every morning. The breakfast and the 24/7 free coffee, chocolate and tea service in the lobby help you save some money that you can invest in treating yourself with one of the many shopping options NYC offers (if you are a lady, don't miss Sephora and Century 21).In addition to checking me in three hours before the expected time, they provided a minifridge to the room one one hour after I requested it.I would recommend this hotel to any friend and it will definitely be my choice for my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>mungus36
<Content>One of the nicest hotels in Manhattan Second visit to Hampton on Times Square North in less than 12 months and if anything it was better in 2008 than last year.Good location - subway close and if you're feeling energetic Central Park is a nice walk away - go up 5th Avenue though rather than up 8th to gaze at all the store fronts! Good restaurants and diners nearby, and don't forget to go to the Heartland Brewery.Rooms are plenty big enough, beds comfy, everything you need is there and there is the added benefit of the buffet breakfast.Staff are ever so helpful at all times.I will definitely be going back - can't wait for my next trip.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wdwtravelingmom
<Content>Great hotel right in the middle of everything Two moms, with two 14 y/o daughters in tow. We all loved this hotel. It was wonderful from the get-go. We were cheerfully greeted at checkin, were able to get into our room right away at 10:00 am. We were put on the 5th floor, facing 8th...a bit noisy at night, but otherwise a good view.The location of this hotel is exceptional...there is a parking garage right next door, the subway is right at the corner. Good restaurants are a quick walk. And Times Sq is about a 2 min walk! Getting to any of the theaters is no problem at all. The folks at the Hampton Inn were wonderfully helpful when we needed to extend our stay due to weather last week..we had checked in on Thursday, the 21st, for one night only. However, the snow on Friday prevented our driving back to Mass, so we needed to stay another night. The front desk was wonderful about finding us a room. And they were able to honor our AAA rate as well...what a plus. Bell services was great moving our bags around whenever we needed.The complimentary breakfast was good...everyone in our group was able to find something to eat. The always at hand beverage station off to the side of the lobby got a lot of use from us..lots of coffee and hot chocolate was consumed. And mid-afternoon cookies at the front desk..yummy.We found the hotel to be very clean and nicely refurbished. The rooms were much larger than we had anticipated. The beds were incredibly comfortable. This hotel was everything we could have hoped for, and more. We all agreed that this was a hotel that we would all be happy about returning to.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>S23
<Content>Great location, Great hotel I just got back yesterday from New York, and the hotel added to the great experience that is New York!I went with my younger brother and sisters (17,15,11) and none of us had any complaints for Hampton Inn. The location was minutes away from Broadway/Times Square. There's a subway station round the corner too. Breakfast was nice, and the 24hour free hot drinks were an added bonus as it was a cold time of year! If you're aorund mid-afternoon early evening they give some tasty free cookies too! (you can now see why kids would love it!).The staff are VERY helpful and friendly (this goes for staff at most places in New York - shops, restaurants, attractions etc).Other general tips for NY itself - subway passes are great value at $24 for a weeks pass, we were there for a week so it worked out well. We walked a lot for the first day or so but it can be tiring so short trips on the subway made it all a lot easier! There's loads to see and do, and all of its easily accessible from Hampton Inn. I'd definitely recommend it and would love to stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>vsymanski
<Content>Awesome for NYC ! After staying in many Manhattan hotels, we were EXTREMELY impressed from the second we walked in the door. Everyone was polite, helpful, and professional. The room was huge compared to most NYC rooms, perfectly spotless, and a perfect location. Would stay here again in a heartbeat...it was such a treasure compared to other hotels. The price was reasonable, parking directly next door with the parking being only $50 for 2 days !  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dolly56
<Content>Oasis in NY On arrival was checked in immediately - don't think the receptionist even looked up as she was dealing with three things all at once - this is not a complaint - found it amusing. Room great, clean, quiet and large. Breakfast was more than adequate, busy some days and quiet on others, but still very good, every member of staff in the breakfast room could not be more helpful. Every member of staff we spoke to were pleasant and helpful. Newpaper hanging on door handle every morning (ex weekend) and hot drinks, fruit and cookies available complimentary in foyer. Location is very central with quite a few bars and eating places nearby, very handy after a long day sightseeing and too tired to walk any further. Hubby had to use laptop daily and on one occasion could not get connected, they sent their IT guy to see him within 5 mins, - good if you have to do a bit if business while away. Hotel will hold your luggage, we tipped on handing it in and tipped on checking it out as it was a different shift, only sorry we did not tip once and then breakfast staff. Don't use Heartland Brewery round the corner - has a 'funny' smell. Great 5 day break in NY and would certainly stay at Hampton Inn again.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BestOfBreed
<Content>Nice location Our family of four stayed here for four days a few weeks ago. The hotel was in a good location, you could walk to theaters, shopping and lots and lots of restaurants.Service was what we would expect, not more, not less. Breakfast is a little on the sweet side for european taste. Could've had real bread or omelette or anything not sweet actually... Our room was on 5th floor, facing 8th avenue. You could here the sirens and cars the first night or two, but after that it was just fine. The room was quite roomy, especially as there were four of us. Two fit in the bed just fine. The last night we had a mouse behind the wall I think, but it was the only living creature besides us during our stay :-)I would propably stay here again next time. Big rooms and nice location weighs more than an average breakfast and normal service :-)  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Warrior151
<Content>Great place to stay Credit where credit's due. My girlfriend and I have just spent 5 nights at the Hampton Inn on our first visit to New York so can speak from experience. Like all of you who read this, I trust TripAdvisor reviews quite a bit and wasn't disappointed here. I'll give you some useful travel advice too.From JFK take the free AirTrain from your terminal to Jamaica station which provides the connection to New York's Subway system. Depending on what you plan to do, either buy a one-way ticket into the city or buy a $7 Metrocard which allows you unlimited travel on the subway and buses all day. (Subway's easier and doesn't suffer from traffic jams). Take an 'E' train and get off at 50th Street (this takes about 25 minutes), surface onto 8th Avenue, get your bearings and you'll see the awning of the hotel about a minute's walk away at 51st. What could be easier? Check-in was a breeze and we paid the bellman $1 per bag (50p in the UK) to escort us to our room on the 7th floor. I'd asked for a quiet room at the time of booking (on Expedia) and we were given a room at the rear of the building away from the yellow taxi horns and firetruck claxons. If you want that noise, ask for a room at the front! The room had two queen size beds, was clean, air-conditioned and spacious. TV and coffee percolator were present, and the bathroom was fine. Candid pictures elsewhere in these reviews show the rooms well. Complimentary toiletries and towels were provided and replaced every day so you can leave those bits at home. A free safe is also provided in the room. The lobby does indeed have complimentary coffee/tea/hot chocolate available and was very welcome coming in from the cold. The complimentary breakfast with our booking (search around until you get this in the deal) was excellent and set us up for the first part of the day. There's also a small fitness room for those of you who have any energy left in NY. Staff were polite and very helpful. The Hampton Inn is situated about 10 minutes' walk from Times Square and very close to all the theatres. Don't prebook your tickets for Broadway musicals on the internet, but go to the ticket booth on 46th Street at 3pm to buy unsold tickets for that evening's performances. Be prepared to queue a bit, but we got 2 tickets fot Mamma Mia for $121 (about æ‹¢30 each - a steal). I hope this review helps. If you want a clean, reasonably priced and well-located place to lay your head at night, I recommend the Hampton Inn. You could pay more (and less) to stay in NY, but this hotel 'does what it says on the tin'.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>AussieinDC
<Content>Great service Hamptons inns are quicky becoming a favourite of mine for hassle free cheap but above average hotels and this was no exception.The rooms are actually larger than most other NYC hotels i ahve stayed in, well appointed, clean and comfy.The location is good with the parking next to it (2 days in NYC for $50!). While we had a problem with our heating (it only blew cold air we realised after we had come in late evening), room service brought up a space heater fan that was OK (it was 18F outside...). What impressed me most was the desk manager John's attitude towards the whole thing - he was polite, apologised and (in line with thier policy) offered a full refund - without me even having to push the topic as other hotels make you do before they even think about helping.While the heating wasn't a great experience, the service and the standard of the rest of the hotels means i definately will book back in on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	2	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>whattorent
<Content>Affordable, Centralized Inn Experience HIGHLIGHTSFree wi-fi and hot continental breakfast, coffee/cookie service throughout the day, courteous bell service (though don't trust their cab selections), excellent location, clean linens and rooms, spacious guest areas, fast elevators, pleasant lobby, exercise area open 24/7 with room key, flat screen digital TVs, great bedAREAS FOR IMPROVEMENTPoor staffing during peak hours, shabby closets, unresponsive front desk via phone, failed to credit for special items like HHonors, tax exempt staysOVERALLAs a business traveler on a first trip to NYC, I was looking for an affordable, reliable hotel near the AMA Training site. The Hampton Inn was among several hotels suggested by the AMA. This Hampton Inn included, as most do a wonderful breakfast, with an on-the-go option, a small, but adequate aerobic exercise area and courteous staff. When traveling on the company dime, anything you can get included in your room amenities equates to added value for procurement - in short, they had me at free wi-fi, a still frequently charged for service.Still, the Hampton Inn was by no means a business class-only hotel. Many travelers were on shopping and sightseeing packages. A few seem to have chosen the Hampton Inn because it is part of the Hilton family. I signed up for Hilton Honors and it is noted on my folio, but I still have yet to get credit for my stay (5 nights). The front desk staff, though hospitable was difficult to access from my room phone. They were constantly busy and the hotel operator, if separate from the concierge, could never reach the front desk for me either. Most of the time, I suspect my inquiries went unfulfilled in exchange for the guest who was physically present at the desk. I paid on average $175.00/day through my AMA discount. This made the Hampton Inn well worth it despite the inconveniences. Near Hell's Kitchen and the Theater District, you are only steps away from a great pub or a nice show. I was pleasantly surprised by its cleanliness, quality bed, and modern furniture/linens/decor.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	5	4	2	5	

<Author>vtlock
<Content>Quite Pleased Maybe my expectations for a New York hotel were too low, but the Hampton Inn really impressed me. While the room wasn't incredibly spacious, I found it quite large for (what I expected of) New York City. The furnishings were nice, and the room was very clean. While others have stated the perks, I'll reinforce some of them: free internet (our room had wired and wireless), free coffee/tea (24/7), a nice breakfast spread (and breakfast-to-go on the weekdays!), and free apples (random, but nice). I took the Amtrak into town, and the hotel was only a $6 cab ride away from Penn Station.More importantly, however, I found the staff to be incredibly helpful. Each staff member seemed to enjoy their work, and they were incredibly helpful on several occasions.This was my first New York hotel stay, and I was wary of the accommodations. However, I was ultimately quite pleased with the Hampton. I will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JanBerlin
<Content>Would return in a heartbeat!       Hotel Facade  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>TravelersBoston
<Content>Terrific stay!! Perfect location-near it all but not on top of it all. Extremely friendly staff!! Nice breakfast. Spacious room for midtown, or anywhere for that matter. Definitely a great pick for midtown!!  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>zeev7
<Content>noisiest hotel in the world I stayed for 6 nights in january 08 having read the good reviews and ratings at tripadvisor. while i would agree with other reviewers that the hampton is OK enough in many respects (rooms OK size, beds comfortable) my stay was ruined by the noise levels. City noise isn't the problem. It is noise from other rooms through what must be very thin walls. You can hear every move your neighbours make. The room doors are also designed to close behind you on a spring which means they slam. More noise. The maids shout at each other down the corridor so don't try sleeping during the daytime either!It is the noisiest hotel I have stayed in anywhere in the world.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wunderwoof
<Content>What we expect from a Hampton Inn A nice Hampton Inn. Being at the northern edge of the theater district means this hotel is a little quieter than many. Bathrooms are small but attractive. The 11th floor--the highest level--is a full floor of king, non-smoking rooms. Comfy mattress. Plumbing noise through the walls, but not much else. (The busload of high school kids were housed on the 2nd floor--not sure how noisy that got!) Rooms face either 8th Avenue or an alley with a tall building on the other side. The street side is a little noisier, but better view (not much view tho, when you're only 11 floors up). Everyone who works there who we encountered was pleasant and helpful. In the evening, someone is stationed near the elevator to make sure people going up have a room key.Request a room as high up as possible and away from the ice machine. The included breakfast is available from 6-10am, but from 8:30-10, at least on weekends, the breakfast room is a polite but crowded zoo. Get there early, even if you plan to take your juice and bagel back to your room. We left our bags with the bellhop to hold between check out and the train home. With our AAA rate, the king room was under $200 a night (excluding taxes) on a cold, cold January weekend.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ireland_member
<Content>Good value but poor soundproofing Stayed a week at the Hampton Inn. Location is terrific - three avenues over from St Patrick's Cathedral, around the corner from Times Square, handy for theatre, plenty of restaurants, subway across the road, buses running to Central Park West, etc. Accommodation ok - good sized bedroom with comfortable beds, but bathroom very small and on the shabby side. Big plus was free and unlimited broadband access in the room. Nice touches were complimentary breakfast (not gourmet class but quite adequate), and unlimited coffee and apples in the reception area. Only drawback was that soundproofing between the rooms is virtually non-existent. It was only a problem for us on two of the nights - but could have been a serious negative if there were noisy neighbours next door!  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>SandyMilwaukee
<Content>Great Location - Great Price This was my first trip to New York. I needed to book two rooms for 8 women. Booked this hotel not only on reviews that I viewed on the Trip Advisor website but also because of its location and price. Paid $201 plus tax for 4 people in a room w/AAA discount. Again, the location was wonderful - close to the theaters, City Sights bus tour. Also, the breakfast buffet served each morning was bountiful with good selections each day. There were also Breakfast on the Go bags available at the front desk if you didn't have time to eat in their dining room. The queen-sized beds were very comfortable, the room was clean and very quiet. If I had to put anything down that was a negative, it would be that the sink was in the bathroom which made it a juggling act to get four women ready in the morning. Again, I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is considering staying in New York!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>travelingFelix
<Content>wonderful wonderful wonderful I have stayed in a lot of NYC hotels, paid more, and got a lot less. Great location near theatres and Times Sq, friendly staff, free breakfast, 24 hour coffee, big clean rooms, parking attached, free internet access. You can pay $300+ a night somewhere else or stay at the HI Manhattan and get it for less.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Anders_Trips
<Content>The best location       One block away  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>bigbuster885
<Content>You will be pleased with this hotel, if not, then you are picky, picky, picky, My very best hotel stay in New York. I would definetly go back to the Hampton again. It started with a front desk staff that was very friendly and efficient. We arrived early and had to check our bags and the bell man was quick and friendly, gave me a subway map and got me on my way. The breakfast was excellent, good choices, the area was clean and well kept and the staff went out of their way to make breakfast a good start to the day. They walked around when they were free and asked if they could bring you coffee or juice, never had that happen.The room was a decent size, especially for New York, it was clean and was kept clean during our stay. They use plastic cups which I like far better than glass when staying at a hotel, they were individually wrapped which gives a comforting feeling that they are sanitary. Left a note for some extra mouthwash and it was there when I returned. In the evenings the Bellman checked for key cards as additional security measures. That gave us a much more secure feeling.The locacton is excellent, the theaters we went to were right around the corner, the uptown subway is across the street and the downtown subway is just a block away, In addition Broadway is just a block away which gives you some additional subway choices.Checkout was smooth and quick and again the bellman checked our bags and was quick to call a cab for us.Would I stay here again, YES, in A NEW YORK MINUTE. We normally stay in the Times Square area, this is the first time at this hotel but it wont be the last time. I reserved early and the price while higher than most Hampton Inns, it surely competitive for the New York Area. I am sure you can pay more but why would you want to.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dernig
<Content>Excellent Choice The rooms are a very good size, the staff are friendly, helpful and polite, the rooms are cleaned daly to a high standard, the hotel position is great (near the subway, walkable to Times Square, Central Park and most of the major attractions) - you can even catch the Grays tour bus close to the hotel. Additionally there are some really great restaurants nearby on Ninth Avenue from american diners to trendy eateries. If there is one criticism it would be that there are only two elevators - a VERY minor matter. The added bonus is the complimentary breakfast from 6 am until 10 am. The food was good with a wide choice. We will certainly use this hotel again. It is an ideal hotel to choose, particularly if you have not visited NYC before - this was our first trip and we will be back.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Nicholbee
<Content>Would stay here again We were really happy with this choice. Great location, good staff, very comfortable room. The size of the room was surprisingly large, and it was very quiet. The complimentary breakfast was a nice plus, very convenient to get you started quickly. Easy walking distance to Rockefeller Center, all the theaters and shows, and several subway lines. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lovestotravel1961
<Content>Everything you need The hotel is in a great location, within walking distance of Times Square and all the great theaters,. We arrived early so our room was not available but not to worry, had a complimentary breakfast with coffee to go. Off to Rockefeller Christmas Show while the hotel stored our bags. Our room was ready once we got back. Two queen comfy beds and a flat screen tv with a large desk. Free internet is a plus. Bathroom is big enough and clean. The price was expensive but it was Dec 28th so every hotel was charging more. Had dinner at John's Pizzeria (8thAve  44th st) which serves the most delicious food and was worth the 20 min wait for a table.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wahoopa
<Content>Great Deal Our family stayed here as we spent a weekend in NYC. The location on 51st and 8th is excellent, convenient to shows, theatres, and Times Square and safe. The parking garage is attached to the hotel making transferring easy. We paid $172/night without taxes and this included a good breakfast for 4 (which is about $100 in Manhattan) and free internet. The room was spartan and there were stains on the floor and some furniture, but it was clean, quiet, and fairly large with a good shower. You could pay much more for a more glamorous hotel,but I would rather go to a better show and dinner.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>StefiMayTravel
<Content>Who could ask for anything more? If you are looking for a reasonable, comfortable, approachable place to rest during your stay in NYC then look no further. This Hampton lives up to the chain's commitment to quality. Hampton Inns are admittedly not the place to stay if you are looking for a boutique hotel with a great restaurant. However this hotel is certainly easy to get to, has great beds, is in a fantastic place for tourists and offers breakfast for a price that is fair considering the locale.Getting to the hotel from the airport is easy even when using MTA. The staff is helpful (they will gladly allow you behind the desk to print boarding passes). The breakfast is at a level one would expect for a tourist class hotel. Overall, unless you are extremely style conscious or discerning to the point that dropping $700 a night for luxury is no problem, this hotel should meet your needs.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	3	5	3	

<Author>JoniM
<Content>Hampton Inn NYC - Wonderful ! My family (husband, two teen daughters and I) just returned from a four day visit to NYC. We made our reservation via phone w/ the Hampton Inn based only on their ad, proximity to the city, and availability for the dates we were planning our visit. I didn't know what to expect as a first time visitor to NY. This hotel was top notch from the start. We arrived earlier than check-in time and they held our bags while we headed out to see the city. When we returned, our bags were delivered to our room within five minutes of our arrival there. The concierge, bellman, housekeeping and front desk people were consistently helpful and friendly. Any questions we posed were answered promptly, accurately, and with a smile. The room was very nice (including the restroom) and the beds comfortable. Hot coffee, hot chocolate and hot tea were available in the lobby hallway all day and into the evening. Most nights we returned to the hotel around 10-11:00 and stopped by for hot chocolate to take to our room. The day we checked out we had several hours between check-out time and flight time. Again, our bags were held while we left the hotel for about three hours. When we returned, the bellman had our bags on the cart and a taxi waiting for us at the door! His attitude was so pleasant and helpful and the service was beyond what we expected (I wish I had taken notice of this man's name - he was awesome).The hotel is on 8th and 51st street - just around the corner or down the street from EVERYthing! Across the street is a fantastic Mexican food restaurant (Mi Nidito) and a Ray's pizza. Starbucks, a drug store (Walgreens?), a Food Emporium, and tons of other things were on the same block - as well as uptown and downtown subway stations. Theatres were within two blocks and Times Square just Right There! :) You know how you like to have a nice hotel, but not so nice that you feel it's wasted when you're only there for a few hours to sleep ... ? We didn't feel this way at all. The rates were more than we normally pay on a vacation, but the room and the service were worth the price. At the same time, accomodations were not so ritzy that we felt like we were wasting money staying there. A wonderful hotel experience - a place we will recommend to friends and will visit again if we get the opportunity to return to NYC.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>teacupmama
<Content>Comfortable The beds were comfortable a big must for me. They serve breakfast included and send you off with a bagged snack. Tea is served in the lobby at all times of the day. It was cold so tea at your fingertips was a nice touch. You are in the middle of everything. We saw Cyrano ate at Beccos walked to the Met. central park. subwayed to Brooklyn. The ferry etc. Your are walk away from it all. It was a blast!  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	5	

<Author>Minneapolis_MNRocky
<Content>great choice for NYC This Hampton Inn is on par with others in the country. It was clean, pretty quiet and a great location. I liked the fact it was close to all the craziness at Times Square, but not in the middle of it. We found great resturants just down the street on 9th Avenue...less busy and touristy than the other direction. With the subway just a block away, we got all over town without a problem. Only complaint is that we were there prior to Xmas, and the place was crawling with kids. The breakfast, though free, is such a zoo, 2 of the 3 days, we ate elsewhere. I would not hesitate to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dlmarcou
<Content>What a Deal! The best deal in Manhatten! We got a great deal on a room between the Thanksgiving and Christmas holidays...$179 per night +$20 for our 8-year-old son.The valet-only ramp adjacent to the hotel was $26 per 24 hours for Hampton Inn guests (although addtional time was $8/hour).The hotel was very nice, extremely clean, large rooms, nice lobby, accomodating baggage check (both before check-in and after check-out), the free breakfast was OK. The beds were very comfortable, and the hotel was walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Rockefeller Center, etc.Highly recommend...we will definately stay here again, next time we visit NYC.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>historybuff10
<Content>What A Great Find We found this hotel with an offer from Expedia at a great price. We saved over $500 by changing hotels from the Affinia 50..What a great surprise. The lobby is inviting, the staff is accommodating, the rooms are good sized and immaculate with new bedding and linens, the breakfast was fine and free. A real find and I would not hesitate recommending this hotel to any traveler. Well within easy walks to Rockerfeller Center, the theater district and fabulous restaurants.We will be back.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Taloolah
<Content>Loved it ! I did a lot of research to ensure I booked a safe clean and comfortable hotel for myself and my teenage daughters first ever trip to New York. I was not disappointed, the hotel was comfortable and clean and we always felt safe there. The room was spacious very clean and the 2 queen beds were very comfortable. The location is great , most major attractions are in walking distance and the hop on hop off bus is opposite so it could not be better for sight seeing. The complimentary breakfast is adequate and there was always plenty of choice. We never had to queue. The complimentary tea and coffee is a nice treat after a long day .The staff were professional and pleasant although a female conciege was very rude to us for no apparent reason. Overall this hotel is ideal for a trip to new york and I would book again without hesitation.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>casadecobb
<Content>Fan of Hampton Inn-Times Square North I was very pleased with this hotel. i spent lots of time researching a place to stay for my first trip to NYC. I went with the great recommendations of fellow Trip Advisor travelers. It was in a great location-easy walks to Broadway plays, 5th Avenue stores, and Central Park. I felt very safe walking back to the hotel at night as well. The hot breakfasts were great, the staff friendly and helpful, the rooms were clean and bedding was very comfortable. It was also surprisingly quiet!! I was prepared for midnight door slams to wake me up or at least the next room to wake me with 6am shower sounds, BUT I never heard a thing! I will definitely stay there again and hope that the management and staff will be just as excellent.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>adzonni
<Content>Decent Digs Decent digs. Good bang for the buck. Not so hot on conceierge, or common area, but room dandy, breakfast fine, great location. Fine for the money.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>colinHUk
<Content>great location great location for times square, subway, Broadway etc. nice rooms, great complimentary breakfast, would stay again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Friscodana
<Content>Would stay there again in a New York Minute Booked our trip through Orbitz after doing a lot of research on the internet and TripAdvisor. We arrived on Friday, Dec. 14th around noon. Our room was immediately ready and very clean. The room was very spacious for a NYC hotel room. The king bed was extremely comfortable. We overlooked 8th street and were not really bothered by noise level. Concierge was very helpful to steer us to closest subway entry, directions to theater, and help with shuttle back to airport. Each morning we were down for the breakfast ( around 9ish) that was included in our stay. We found it very satisfying and was well stocked. There are usually 2 hot items each morning with homemade biscuits. Also had cereals, pastries, cake, fresh fruit, breads, juice, and milk. Enjoyed the hot coffee and hot chocolate available all day long. We were just a block away from our theater show of Wicked and not a far walk to Radio City and all of the sights. We did a lot of walking while we were in NYC and found that the Hampton Inn Times Square North was very convenient for us. Would return in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>CWhittaker
<Content>Basic Hotel in NYC - Ups  Ups  Downs About the Hampton:I have been there 2 times. The first time was the Summer of 2007 and we just returned and stayed there Dec 07 with free vouchers. If you are looking for a nice basic Hotel with no frills besides a free continental style breakfast then this will be OK for you.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------* THE WALLS ARE PAPER THIN !! Both times we stayed there we could hear people talking in their room just like we were talking with them in our room!! I am not talking about Parties or during sleeping hours ..the beds are headboard to headboard with the next room so unless you get real lucky and the next room is empty or dosent talk get ready to hear everything and have them hear you whether you know it or not.* This Hotel is VERY BUSY ALL THE TIME so the elevators get very full (there is only 2 elevators). During Peak times get ready to stop at almost every / every other floor just to have people tell you....we will take the next one. Or sorry I am coming on as I have been waiting 10 minutes and squishing in.* Hotel is very full of Families with Kids  Grandmas and is not for a business traveler type or a traveler that requires a classy stay. * The average guests are tourists that think getting the free continental breakfast makes their trip such a good deal and the first thing they will do when they get there is to call back to the Midwest and tell all their friends that they are in New York.* To be expected ...Breakfast gets very crowded later in the morning.* The hotel has a college undergrad dorm feel to it----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------* There is plenty around the hotel to eat  also there is a Rite Aid down the block if you need basic supplies.* Parking is in the Base of the Hotel...(Gets Very Crowded)* Management Staff is nice  responsive * Close enough to the sell-out tourist areas - Times Square* E Train is right down the block to get to JFKOverall its a basic hotel. If you are looking for a bit of class and a more non-commercial (all rooms are the same) feel ...go off the beaten path a bit and you will feel  see the difference...you will see the difference in guests and receive a more of a true NYC experience.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>carinidad
<Content>Great Hotel with Lots of Freebies! Our group of 4 friends loved our stay at the Hampton Inn. As young budget-conscious travelers, we were looking for a hotel with great value. This was the place! We chose to book directly through the hotel, and the cost was $245 per night incl. taxes, for a room with 2 queen beds (11/18-11/20/2007).Great Value for the Location.The freebies this hotel offers AND its location in Times Square could not be beat for the price. You are within 5 minutes walking to all the busy, blinking neon signs, but you can also sleep in peace because the neighborhood is just far enough to be quiet.For anyone traveling with a group, this hotel was one of the FEW places that offered two *queen* beds. Rooms with two double beds are a dime a dozen. The amenities we enjoyed most were:- Free breakfast- Free wired high-speed internet access- Free luggage storage- Subway station directly across the street (subway lines C and E). This made for easy exploring of the rest of NYC, and easy access to the Greyhound bus station.- Free Breakfast. This has been mentioned many times, but I thought it was worth repeating. It was convenient to just get up in the morning was not worry about where to buy food or how expensive it would be. Just head down the elevator to the lobby before 10 AM, and enjoy! The hot menu includes eggs, sausage, ham, freshly-baked biscuits, and waffles. There was also milk to complement the several types of cereal, fruit, muffins, and danishes; juices included cranberry, apple, and orange. Granted, the quality of buffet food wonéˆ¥æª› be gourmet but it was good to have a fresh meal to begin a long day of walking.- The Helpful StaffWe arrived at 10 AM, even though check-in wasnéˆ¥æª› until 3 PM. Since the hotel was sold-out the night before, no rooms were yet available. The staff kindly pointed me towards the bellmanéˆ¥æªš desk, where our luggage was stored until we returned late in the afternoon. I liked that they tagged each bag with your room number and gave you the stubs to hold onto for proof. In the evenings, we all felt very safe since éˆ¥?upon entering éˆ¥?a hotel staff member would sometimes ask you to display your room key, to make sure you werenéˆ¥æª› loitering.Maid service was great and quickly accommodated our requests for non-down pillows, as some of our group had allergies. Towels and washcloths were plentiful, and the hotel happily gave us extra little bottles of shampoo, condition, and shower when we needed them.- The RoomsThe candid pictures that others have posted are accurate. Hampton Innéˆ¥æªš rooms are very clean and spacious, as our group of 4 never felt claustrophobic. The beds were incredibly comfy and were the perfect place to crash after an exhausting day. When we arrived, I did my usual inspection for any stains or bed bugs and found zero. I hope you enjoy the Hampton as much as we did!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>deb__68
<Content>Fantastic mid priced New York hotel with hidden extras! Hotel Community Areas : Nice decor, very clean, attentive staff, excellent (and free) coffee, good size breakfast room. Complimentary Breakfast was a bit limited (eg juice, cereal, toast, bagels, fruit salad, yoghurt and two hot items per day (example, sausage and cinnamon toasts)) but how can you complain when its free? Complimentary apples at the front desk. There wasn't a restaurant or bar at the hotel but its all right outside. Room : We stayed in a king size study. Huge bed  excellent linens, arm chair and desk chair, desk, built in wardrobe, drawers and large TV - still with lots of room to move about. In the room was a coffee maker, iron and board and safe. Big bathroom with bath, shower, sink and toilet. Hairdryer and shaver point in bathroom. Complimentary toiletries great (shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, moisturiser and mouthwash). All local calls were free. Room was a little noisy....but its New York!!!Location : Excellent. Metro stations on doorstep (get a weekly travel card for $24 - great value). There is a diner across the road (Cosmic Diner) that was really cheap, good food and good service. My favourite restaurant though was Applebees (Steak and Garlic mash to die for!)  
<Date>Dec 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SavageTraveler
<Content>Best Place to Stay for First Time Travelers!       Lobby  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>heaven70
<Content>Great Hotel! My girlfriend and I planned a 4day 3 night trip. A nice little get away from our husbands and kids. We searched the internet for a nice hotel that included breakfast and was close to the things we were in town for. The Hampton Inn matched are criteria. The hotel is beautiful, we had 2 queen beds, and the room size was what you would excpect anywhere, except Manhattan. The staff was wonderful!The subway was across the street and many restaurants nearby. We paid 400 bucks a night, but that is not bad, for NY and our location.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>onewanderer
<Content>Fantastic location! After reading the great reviews on here, I booked a room here for 3 nights at the beginning of November (marathon time.) I could not have been happier with this hotel. At check in, I found the staff to be professional and they happily accomodated all of my room requests. The hotel was quiet with spacious rooms and big beds with several types of pillows to choose from. They have a great breakfast with 'hot' and 'cold' selections. If you miss breakfast as we did one time, they have breakfast 'to go' snack bags at the front desk. There is also a great little 24 hour diner right across the street. Hot coffee, tea and hot chocolate are available in the lobby all day as well as fresh fruit, and cookies in the afternoon. The staff was pleasant, friendly and always willing to assist. (The day we left, one of the staff even hooked us up with a limo out front for our ride back to the airport for basically the same price as a cab.) Finally, the location cannot be beat - right smack in the Theater District but about a half block away from Broadway so you're sleeping away from the hubbub and noise. Easy walk to Central Park, Rockefeller Center/Top of the Rock, MoMA, Broadway/Times Square. Perfect.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelerDallasTX
<Content>Very nice Hampton. Great Property Stayed at this hotel for business in mid November. Booked through hotels.com and had no problems (I did call the hotel to reconfirm my reservation for the week which I recommend doing). The lobby is very clean, bright and modern. Free wifi in the lobby area with access code when you check in. They have coffee 24hrs by the gift shop.Free breakfast is great and starts at 6am during the week. It has juices, coffee, assorted toast/bagels/croissants, and sweet danish rolls etc. They also have cereal, milk, fresh fruit, and yogurt. You can watch the news on their flat screen tv during breakfast.They have 2 elevators that I had no problems with. The room is very roomy for NY standards and has free wireless and wired internet. It also has a tv with extended cable and a work desk. The bathroom was clean and came with your normal toiletries.The bed was very comfortable and the room was quiet considering my location on 2nd floor facing 8th ave. There is the blue line metro station 1 block at 50th and 8 ave next to Rite Aid store.Enjoy!  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Dearheart
<Content>Happy Days at the Hampton Inn Times Square 20th October 2007 My husband, 15 year old daughter and I stayed at the Hampton Inn for 3 nights.....before flying off to Miami. We have stayed in NY previously in the Salisbury and the Sheraton - this hotel was ideal. I agree with all previous reviews regarding rooms, comfy beds and pillows, great location, ample to eat for breakfast and the service was great too......I did a lot of research through tripadvisor before booking and found the reviews very helpful. Although the hotel was pricy - dearer than good hotels in London....it is central NY. As a previous reviewer states - there are always one or two people who have to complain about anything and everything - if you treat people the way you would like to be treated yourself then you get mutual respect.....I would book this hotel again so go, enjoy and have a wonderful time! Jealous....  
<Date>Nov 1, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>mjos
<Content>location and service Stayed here oct 15th: walked in, got a comfortable room (spacious!), friendly service and a acceptable price (its nyc after all). Comes recommended!Negative point: shuttle service to airport was half an hour late. Not good when you have to catch a flight.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Andreaelvis
<Content>Everything you could want!!       beds  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	3	4	

<Author>payme1397
<Content>Poor Service Management was not cooperative when it came to our needs. We are easy to please, and they were unwilling to satisfy. Could not provide us a receipt and confirmation of reservation. Charged us for a room that we did not want. Would not honor their 100% Satisfaction Guarantee promise that they state when you walk in the hotel. Extremely poor customer service will not be back. This experiece has turned us off from Hampton Inns in general. Had they honored their guarantee we would have remained loyal to the hampton inn chain, but this experience with this specific hotel has turned us off completely!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	-1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Lzlot
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location, STAY HERE! This place was everything we read about plus more! It's definitely worth the price. It doesn't even feel like you're in NYC once you're in the hotel - in a good way! So roomy, so open, comfortable and clean. Always coffee and tea available, and breakfast was crowded at times, but they never ran out of food. Enjoy Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center and the Theatre District all within walking distance. The subway is seconds away as well. A great, great hotel!  
<Date>Oct 20, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	4	1	

<Author>killbondnow
<Content>Great first stay in NYC - Hampton Inn TSN rocks! First visit to NYC, went for operas and shopping. You can't get a much better location than the Hampton Inn, on 8th at 51st, it's easy to get to just about anywhere in all of Manhattan. The subway station is one block away for northbound, 2 blocks for southbound (no elevators or escalators tho). Port Authority Terminal about 9 easy blocks. Wicked is LITERALLY 1/2 block away, and Hairspray down a block and over 1/2 block, Mamma Mia about 2 blocks. SAFE area at night, did not feel threatened once, even going to Ray's Pizza until 4:00 a.m. directly across the street, and 24-hour Cosmic Diner (recommend challah french toast!) a block away. Big 24-hour Rite Aid pharmacy one block north. Tasty D'Lite and McDonalds about four blocks south. House of Brews location steps away from lobby, with quite reasonably priced, excellent lunch/dinner fare and great beer selection. 6 blocks away from the heart of Times Square. Easy walk, even for a large person such as myself. Taxis are almost always waiting at the front, or just take the subway, wasn't bad at all. Complimentary hot breakfast can be crazy at around 9:00 a.m. but go earlier or 9:45 (ends at 10) and is much better. If you must go at 9:00-ish, bring someone to stake claim on seating for you! I set a magazine down on the counter with my coffee, and came back two minutes later to find someone had just moved them aside and taken my seat! Rooms were BIG, flat-screen TV nice, and FREE Internet (wired in rooms, wireless in lobby). No printers, but they have a print/net computer station in the office for guest use to print out boarding passes, etc. Just ask. Bathroom w/small but nice marble vanity with plenty of shelves below, GREAT shower and tub. Hotel very safe, they check everyone for room keys in the evening and all night. The bed was magnificent and puffy. Staff was amazing, including Sandra at the front desk, Eugene and Chris the concierge/bellmen. They said hi every day and evening, were genuinely interested in what we were doing, and gave many good suggestions. I would stay here again in a New York minute! Don't pay any attention to the bad reviews, some people just won't be pleased. If your'e going for the theater district or want a central midtown base of operations, this is the place!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>goldilox7
<Content>Two Canadians loved this hotel... This was a Mom/daughter trip to New York for the first time and right away we loved this hotel...it was super clean, very quiet, and the staff were ever so friendly. The breakfast was excellent, fresh and lots of everything...and got our long days off to a good start. We would recommend this hotel to anyone who likes to be within walking distance to most everything!  
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MississippiPrincess
<Content>Loved this hotel! Just returned from a 4 day stay at this hotel. It was a getaway with my mom and two sisters and we all loved the hotel and its location. We have all visited other hotels in NYC and this hotels staff impressed us. It is clean and roomy and friendly!The food in the mornings was nice to have. Nice also to have drug store and Rays Pizza very close.We will stay at the Hampton Inn again and cannot wait!!!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>edmort
<Content>Great Value in NYC Spent great fall weekend at this solid property. Good size rooms, great location to mid-town, Central Park...Great for kids.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>ewatts74
<Content>You can't beat free food!! We had a great stay at this hotel. Loved all the free food such as hot breakfast and cookies and fruit in the afternoon. Coffee, tea, and hot chocolate all day was really nice too. Rooms were nice and roomy. The beds were extremely comfortable and I love the free internet access as well. I would definately recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ChappyBristol
<Content>Gert Lush! Have just come back from New York - first visit. Hotel was wonderful. Rooms large and clean. Hotel provides breakfast every morning (can get busy after 9am) which is very varied (hot and cold). Staff friendly and even offer you fruit and cookies after 4pm (good for when you've walked the whole of 5th Avenue!). Coffee is available in the lobby all day and night also. This is an ideal location just a 5 minute walk to Times Square. 10 minute walk to Central Park. Would recommend this hotel to all and would book again on my next visit.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PJJJ
<Content>Good location, helpful staff, quiet room We stayed for 4 nights and found the location, excellent and not too noisy. The room was a good size and the complimentary breakfasts were good if a little too busy (it was Labour weekend) although as a Brit I hated the disposable crockery and cutlery. It is so environmentally unfriendly! I did however appreciate the free tea and coffee available in the foyer all day and found the staff helpful. I would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hsblendo
<Content>Happily Surprised! We stayed here around New Year's and I was very pleasantly surprised with the quality of the room. It was beautiful with a great view - far from Hampton Inns I've seen elsewhere. We even enjoyed free breakfast. (It was nothing spectacular but nice to get some food in us before sight-seeing.) If you want that times square location and a great NYC value... I would highly recommend this.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	2	-1	

<Author>teadoff
<Content>Great location, Great service As a family of four, we stayed seven nights during our summer vacation. We felt very safe in the area. The hotel was very close to all of the attractions and subway. The rooms were well kept and the staff is very friendly. The breakfast was great and the featured items change daily. The elevators were a little slow because of the full capacity of the hotel. Great pizza across the street for that late night snack. I would recommend this hotel to everyone.  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>jules_foreva
<Content>ms22mm - I second that!       Rubbish photo but shows it's so close to bus tour starting point, Rite Aid shop  Subway  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>bhcarter
<Content>Great place to stay while in Times Square! We stayed here for 3 nights in August and LOVED every moment! The hotel is in a great location; close to the theatres, restaurants, double decker tour companies and Central Park. It is a beautiful hotel once you walk through the doors! Everything is clean and everyone is extremely friendly and helpful. We arrived early (9a.m.) and our room was not ready. So we were told to give our luggage to the bellhop and enjoy some breakfast in their breakfast area. As other reviewers have noted, it was crowded but everyone is tolerant of everyone else. The attendants were constantly replenishing whatever needed restocking and they were always very friendly. We got in our room and it was wonderful! We asked at the desk if we could have a room facing 8th Avenue. We were lucky that they had one available! It was another great suggestion from one of the reviews. The room was fabulous~ spacious, clean and what a view! I would stay here again without question! My husband ,my son and I thoroughly enjoyed ourselves! When I needed to check-in via internet for our return flight, the desk clerk let me use their office computer to check-in and print our boarding passes! What a wonderful accomodation and a wonderful staff! We couldn't have been happier with our stay!  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>t24
<Content>Great staff Hotel is in midst of the best area for tourists. Great ease to subway system, theaters and fine restaurants. Though in NYC on 10 days business our groups had evenings to ourselves and visited the many sights available with relative ease and safety.Check in was speedy and found the hotels staff friendly and accommidating. Will stay at this facility again when in NYC.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	5	3	

<Author>ms22mm
<Content>Loved the location! This was our second visit to New York and my friend and I loved the hotel's close proximity to Times Square, Central Park, the Rockerfellar Center (Top of the Rock is a must - especially at sunset), all the Broadway shows (Hairspray is just a block away and highly recommended), and many more sights.The hotel itself has recently been renovated and the rooms were more than adequately sized and kept very clean. The complimentary breakfast had a large enough selection to satisfy everyone. We arrived during Labor Day weekend and the breakfast room did get very busy, but I must point out that we did not have any trouble finding a table and the staff did an excellent job of replenishing the food and clearing tables. We welcomed the free hot drinks in the lobby after a long day of sightseeing and the cookies at reception were a nice treat.All in all we loved the hotel's location and would not hesitate in staying there again!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Up2lateagn
<Content>Our first trip to NYC       Hotel vanity  
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>msdds
<Content>Nice I traveled to NY with my two college sons and hubby and booked this with the reviews in mind. I must say the the exterior of this building is non discript. The inside is a litlle worn and the lobby is not very big but the employees where professional and very nice. The rooms where big and comfortable. A bit worn but nice.I am a picky traveler and I enjoyed my stay here. Bath rooms are small but clean. The cleaning personnel where extremely nice and pleasant on my floor. My kids had a room that faced the street and the hubby and I had a room that looked over the parking garage. All was fairly peaceful.My kids missed the grand lobby effect but I didn't miss it at all. I could take the steps if I wanted to get to my room. The location was great. Good value.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>AltaPat
<Content>Good Value!       Black mould on Grout  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phil2408
<Content>A Great Base We stayed here for one night and thought it was excellent value for a NY hotel.When we arrived in the morning we were able to get a coffee and have our bags stored before even checking in. After a busy day in the city it was a very comfortable place to come back to.The breakfast was good and they were happy to look after our bags the day we checked out. My son lost his cell phone and the hotel staff located it and called us to let us know they had found it. Cosmic Diner opposite hotel was very good.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kev_anders
<Content>Good Value, Good Location Location of Hotel is good, not far from Times Square and Central Park. Rooms are a good size and we found them to be very clean. Complimentary breakfast ok, not much hot food but good selection of cereal, fruit, bagels, cakes - we found that if we were down for breakfast before 8.30 there were no queues and getting a seat was no problem. The staff are very friendly and helpful. There is a great little pub round the corner from the Hotel, The Brew House, serves good selection of beers and the bar staff are very friendly. Some good restaurants near by, Island Burgers  Shakes on 7th Ave: Blue Chili Siam Inn  Gallachers steak house. This was our first visit to New York, thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>jollygilly
<Content>good value and location good safe location. walking distance to Central Park, Broadway Shows, Times Square and underground. Hotel breakfast was very good , also tea, coffee and cookies all day in lobby free of charge. Staff very helpfull and friendly. Room clean and a good size - we were 4 people in a room. hotel doesn't have laundry but there is a coin laundry at the back of the hotel that was easy to use. Overall I would recomend this hotel , we are a family of 4 and we spent nine days at this hotel and enjoyed every minute, it was a bonus that the tour bus stopped on the next block to the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ReviewerSonomaCounty
<Content>Great midprice hotel in theatre district -- quiet too! Won't repeat what everyone else has said (great location, surprisingly comfortable, roomy, personable staff) but want to point out a couple of things. Just stayed 3 nights.1) Even though people are raving about this property, remember, it isn't a luxury hotel... but having said that, I've stayed in dozens of high end hotels and had bad experiences. This Hampton is exceptional for Manhattan. You feel like you got your money's worth plus some. Too often in NYC, it's the other way.2) While rooms are spacious by NYC terms, bathroom is tiny so just be ready. But then, I'd rather have more living space than bathroom.3) I have never seen as many people at a Hampton or any chain for breakfast. They even put up a sign suggesting that if you want a quiet breakfast, come early but if you want tumultuous, come late. There was not a single table (and there were at least 50 or 60 tables in there) available. But as others have said, while it's a free buffet, you can spend just a little bit of $$ and get a hot spread in several nearby coffeeshops.4) Quiet! I used to live in this neighborhood. NYC is noisy and 8th Avenue and its cross streets in particular. I couldn't believe how little street noise came through (I was in the back with a view of the East River but in this neighborhood, there is noise coming from all over.) And, in a hotel crawling with families, I heard absolutely NO corridor noise. IThat's amazing. I think this older building is really well built -- trying to remember what is was before it was a Hampton -- maybe Howard Johnsons? Anyway, again this was a really quiet building in such a noisy location.It may have just been because it was late August and rainy.. .hate to guarantee you will not hear noise. But I know visitors who aren't used to city sounds all night long can suffer. 5) Tip -- for less than $10 you can get to the hotel from JFK by taking the Air Train to Sutphin Blvd stop and then catching the E train. It's faster than being stuck in a taxi on the surface altho you need to have a little subway savvy. Get off the E train at 50th St/8 Ave stop 1 block from the hotel. The challenge -- there's only one escalator at 50th St. Station and it may go the wrong direction so don't try it if you aren't able to haul luggage up/down stairs.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>ritewinger
<Content>Great Locations, Clean, Great Staff! My family stayed at the HITS for one night in August 2007. The room was GREAT! There was alot of room, not gigantic, but the furniture was placed wisely to accommodate the four of us. The location is perfect as you are one block from Times Square. The staff greeted us immediately upon our arrival in the front door and the bellman assisted us graciously both on arrival and when holding bags after checkout. Be sure to get your parking pass stamped because the garage next door/underneath the hotel offers a discount of about 20% for clients of the Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>autigergirl
<Content>Could not have been better! I would highly recommend staying here. For starters, if you are coming to New York as a tourist this is one of the most convenient locations. You are just a block from Times Square which is great, but is not in the middle of the crowds. From this hotel you are exactly one block from the Gershwin theatre (Wicked) and the Neil Simon theatre (Hairspray). There are several great restaurants within easy walking distance. The hotel is exceptionally clean. The breakfast was excellent. The staff at this hotel seem to honestly enjoy their jobs and will go out of their way to help. I needed a quick internet connection in relation to my air departure, they accommodated me without question. They were also, very helpful with restaurant recommendations. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ginger2007
<Content>Loved it!! We had an excellent rate here of $219 and the location can't be beat. We were one block from Times Square (spitting distance from the Neil Simon on 52nd where Hairspray is playing). The parking was a bit expensive ($26) but it is all over Manhattan and the guys in the parking garage were quick with our car when we needed it. The hotel staff was marvelous - very very nice and helpful. Always a smile on their faces and in Manhattan, that's worth the cost of the room alone. The room was fabulous - very comfy beds and clean. The bathroom was on the small side but that doesn't really bother me - granite counters in there and very neat shampoos/mouthwash, etc. The breakfast was okay - nothing to write home about but enough to get you going. We never had a problem getting food or finding a table. The location was quieter than had it been right in the heart of Times Square. I stayed at the Courtyard on 40th last year and I prefer this one to that one because it seems less busy and it's still only one block to get to 7th and then down about 6 blocks to the very heart of Times Square. It never seemed far for us at all and we didn't use the car much.This is a great hotel and i will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>madre65
<Content>Nice Hotel, Perfect Location My two grown daughters and I just returned from our first trip together without husbands or children. I made the reservations and chose the Hampton Inn for its location near Times Square and the Theatre District, as well as, the included breakfast. I made the reservation and held my breath because I had two years ago been to NYC and had stayed at another hotel in the same area. It was small, dirty and generally awful. It was also very expensive. When we arrived at the Hampton Inn, we were very pleasantly surprised at the quality of the room. It was clean and well appointed. The staff was pleasant and very helpful. We had had to take a smoking room because there was nothing else left when I made the reservation. The hotel representative at the front desk assured me that she would get us a non-smoking room for the next day, if one came available, but in the meantime, she put an air purifier in the room to help with the smokey odor. The air purifier did such a good job that we decided not to change rooms after all. The breakfast was just perfect for us, since we wanted to eat and get on our way. The breakfast room was crowded, but the staff did a good job of keeping it clean and stocked. They had hot food, as well as, the usual rolls, bagels,etc. The coffee was good and was available all the time. We also made use of the hotel consierge. There were a couple of these, and they were both very helpful to us. We noticed that many other people were making use of their services as well. There is also a small shop in the hotel and a drug store is only a block away. Would I stay here again. You bet. It's a nice hotel in a great location. The staff is friendly and helpful. They serve breakfast so that you can get on your way for a day of sightseeing, shopping, or whatever else you might be doing. We came and went at early and late hours and never felt threatened by the neighborhood; the room was clean and comfortable. We had a wonderful time!!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AussieTravellers62
<Content>Perfect Location, Perfect Staff For those of you who have not experienced NY yet, we wanted to share our experience with you. We stayed from July 5-15th 2007.When we saw the picture of the hotel we thought ok, it does not look like much but the location is good so we will book it. When we got there, we were very pleasantly surprised.The reception desk at the front door is very welcoming. We were served by Melinda and Joan. They were extremely friendly and helpful. The room we had was great. We dropped our bags and went for a look around. We could not believe our luck. All the shows we wanted to see was only a short walk away. We are both smokers and when I mean a short walk, we couldn't even finish a cigarette on the way to the shows, they were that close to the hotel. The longest walk we had was to BB Kings which was only a 20 minute walk.The Hampton Inn has a complimentry breakfast which is great and also 24hour coffee station which has 3 different types of coffee as well as tea and hot chocolate (for the kids). We would pick one up on the way to the elevator after a night out. The street behind the hotel has a lot to offer in the way of restaurants. The side street (51st) also has restaurants. The entrance to the train station is also opposite the hotel.For the traveller that comes from overseas, it is also a short walk to catch the tourist hop on hop off, open top bus. Everything is in close proximity.We would definately recommend staying at the Hampton Inn Times Square North for the location to shows, tourist access and restaurants. Look out for Joan and Melinda on reception as they both make you welcome. They are an asset to the Hampton Inn. We look forward to catching up with them again on our next visit.Dave and VicAussie Travellers  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gncrzy
<Content>couldn't have been better After reading Tripadvisor reviews on this property decided to book 7 nights. Great experience. This was our first trip to NYC. This hotel is on great street a couple of blocks south of Central Park and just a few blocks from Times Square/Rockefeller Plaza. You can even walk to Battery Park and feel safe the whole way. Subway is convenient. As others have said - try the Cosmic Diner for good reasonable meals. Too many good things to name with this location. Tip-ask for an 8th Street view. We were only on the second floor but looked out at the marquee for Jersey Boys and the two story tour busses were fun to watch. Will definately stay here again if in the city. Have recommended sight to a friend going to NYC in few months.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>drtwnbysMinneapolis
<Content>Nice Place To stay Just got back from a week at the Hampton Times Square. Everything went very smoothly. Check in and check out. No problems with the room, got what we reserved. We were on the second floor on the back of hotel, so that view out the window was only of a parking ramp. May want to ask for a better view next time.Free daily breakfast was decent. Menu changed each day and included items like: ham, eggs, french toast, sausage, rolls, cerals, juices etc. Ran from 6am til 10am. There are also free to do breakfast bags available and fruit and cookies at the front desk each day.High speed Internet access is included free in room and in the lobby. Nice plus. Good location, within walking distance to times square and theaters, yet a little removed so not so crowded and busy. Plenty of restaurants, grocery stores and drug stores nearby. subways across the street and also down a block.Felt the beds were a little too soft for my taste but other wise a great value in a hotel in Manhattan. Rooms had been completely remodeled and were very contemporary.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andrew23
<Content>Don't judge a book by its cover!       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Ooffie
<Content>Good Hotel; Great Location My husband and I stayed at the Hampton Inn - Manhattan Times Square North during the first week of August, 2007. First let me say this is a perfectly average, cookie cutter hotel as all Hampton Inns are. Even though it was completely renovated 2 years ago, it is already starting to show signs of wear - nothing you can't live with, but I would worry about the shape it will be in after a couple more years. Currently, though the rooms are more than adequate size wise and the hotel is very clean and quiet even though our room faced the very busy 8th Avenue. No trouble sleeping at all!! The location could not be better and for those sights you wish to visit that are too far to walk to, there is a subway stop only 1 block away. Also 2 large drug stores are within 2 blocks of the hotel for any forgotten items or necessities. Plenty of good restaurants within walking distance as well as this hotel is quite close to the theatre district and other attractions. The breakfast served in the morning has a vast selection of both hot and cold items and the staff does a great job of keeping everything replenished. It can get extremely busy - our advice would be to get down to breakfast by 8:45am and you should have no trouble getting a table. The front desk staff and concierge staff are all extremely polite, respectful and helpful with any question you might have. We thoroughly enjoyed our stay and have finally found the hotel we will stay at every year. (We visit NYC every year during the first week of August). My only real complaint would be that the shower in our room was so weak, it was a mere trickle. I have quite long hair and could never rinse it well enough to remove all the shampoo. Overall, for the price you can't beat this hotel for comfort, good service and especially the location which for us was perfect!! Stay here if you want a reasonably priced (for NYC) hotel in Manhattan! 4 stars from us!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>msu_mom
<Content>Great place for a family! I stayed here for a week with my husband and 2 college age kids. The room was a good size for New York, the location was perfect, and the staff was friendly and helpful. I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Tex4n
<Content>Great Location, Great Staff We stayed at the Hampton Inn - Manhattan Times Square North for a family vacation with our college daughter. The location was perfect for us and the price was reasonable considering the location. A block off Broadway and a few blocks north of Times Square, we felt in the middle of the action and were close to our theaters.The hotel's decor is a notch above the usual Hampton. The staff was uniformly attentive and excellent. They have a concierge who can help with ticket sales and they offered a special on Broadway shows each day.This hotel does not have a business center, but does have free wireless throughout and free high speed internet in the rooms. They'll let you use the office computers to print boarding passes, but otherwise, if you need to check email bring your own computer.Free breakfast was the usual Hampton Inn fare, but there is a reasonably priced diner, the Cosmic Diner, cattycorner across the street if you want to have breakfast out.Security was good; at night when you return, you're required to show a room key to get to the elevators.Taxis were easy to get right at the front door, and there is a subway stop a block south.The room was normal sized, which means big by NY standards. It was comfortable for the three of us, though the bathroom was small. It was also pretty quiet even though the hotel was full. The staff says their only slow season is Jan-Feb.We would recomment this hotel and would stay here again!  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	3	5	4	3	

<Author>cactus_pete
<Content>NYC in the summer Stayed here for an overnight while we were in town for a show. Hotel is good for a home base, but not real big (no business center, etc). Good location between Times Square and Central Park, Blue line station on 50th and 8th, walk to theaters, plus hot and cold breakfast with 2 staff members in the dining area. Rooms are standard, beds are new, staff in helpful. They were selling broadway theater tix at the concierge desk. Call ahead, but I think that offered a different show each day. Good price ($200) for a clean, safe, mid-town room (2 double beds) that includes breakfast.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>ARHF
<Content>Hampton inn - good hotel great location just returned from a trip to New york on July 4th .the hotel staff where nice the roon where OK plus and it's always about location location location and this hotel is 5 minutes from everything.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Phillips66
<Content>Very good choice Just returned from a trip to New york and can honestly say that my hotel choice was just about perfect. This is an excellent llocation. Lots of Broadway theaters close by. The Hop on Hop Off  bus stop was nearly across the street. The room on the 10th floor was large, clean, modern and quiet. I would suggest you get a room on the upper floors and away from the elevator. Breakfast was included and was plentiful, varied and fresh daily. Coffee available 24 hours a day. Apples in the lobby and cookies around 3pm.Yes, if you wait til 930 to go down to eat you may have to wait in line. Before 8am and you have the place to yourself. Can reccommend the Cosmic Diner and Ray's Pizza for inexpensive excellent food. Both are across the street.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	-1	

<Author>fpk1005
<Content>great hotel for 3 stars Just returned from stay in NY with teenagers. This hotel was immacuate. The service was excellent and the breakfast was great. Considering that hotels are expensive in NY the price was reasonable. Also, we were able to get a room with two queen beds. There were people from all over the world staying at this hotel. The clientele were quite respectable also. I will recommend this hotel and stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>laurie722
<Content>Great place! We stayed at the Hampton Inn for five nights and loved every minute of it. We started off with a very warm reception upon check-in. The rooms were nicely decorated and the beds were extremely comfortable. The included daily breakfast was a big plus for us with quite a wide variety of food choices. There were always apples and bananas available at the Front Desk throughout the day which was a nice touch. This hotel is centrally located and within walking distance to Times Square, the Theater District and Central Park. Subway stations are located everywhere so it's easy to get around. All in all, we had a great stay at the Hampton Inn and would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Jul 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>uncgal
<Content>Great hotel, great location I just returned from a trip to NYC with my mom  sister. This was the 2nd time in 1 year that I stayed at this location  both visits were excellent! The front desk staff were very courteous and the rooms were very clean with comfortable beds. The complimentary breakfasts are more than fulfilling to get you started on a day of sightseeing. The location is a short walk to most all of the Broadway theaters, but if retail therapy is your main attraction, then you have to walk a few more steps to get to the nicer shops. A subway stop is also on the corner. Everything considered, this was a great place to stay for the price!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ejan
<Content>Great Experience We loved our stay at this hotel. We got a great rate of $217 a night, which included a very nice breakfast. We had a quiet room on the 7th floor, very comfortable with a wonderful king-size bed. The hotel was awesome - gave us an early check-in (12 noon) - we called that morning to request that. Perfect location in midtown manhattan - close enough to Times Square and the theatre district but not quite as crowded an area. We enjoyed the Rays Pizza across the street and also the easy access walking to Columbus Ave and the Upper West Side. We highly recommend this hotel. For the low rate, it was a great deal. Book well ahead on the hilton.com website. We heard it sells out very often.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tiggerly04
<Content>Great place to stay! This hotel was fabulous, the staff was very nice, the room was clean, the bed extremely comfortable....and the location could not be topped. They had our room available even before check-in time and held our bags on our check-out day while we enjoyed our last day in the city before our flight was to depart. They offered a decent hot breakfast, more than just donuts and juice. It was within walking distance of Central Park, Times Square, Rockefeller Center, and the entrance to the subway was right around the corner...we are planning on going back in the winter and I have already booked my return stay with them!!! :)You cannot beat this place for the price, location and service - this IS the place to book!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>BigCityDreamin
<Content>A 5-Star Hotel Experience in a 5-Star City!!!!! Four of us stayed at this hotel for six nights, checking in July 10 and checking out July 16. Upon arrival we were swiftly given two room key cards to a double queen room on the sixth floor facing the busy 8th Avenue (noise was not an issue), even though we arrived a good three to four hours before the designated 3PM check-in time. The room was of good size, and the bathroom included a marble sink with a large countertop, and the beds were arguably the most comfortable we've ever experienced in a hotel setting. There were windows that opened, a safe to keep any valuables, plenty of drawer and closet space, a desk and chair, and ice and pop machines were a mere 10 steps from our door. Elevators were efficient, as were all of the kind employees. The bellman, Wilbur, who brought our luggage to our room, got us acclimated with the hotel and the surrounding area, offering suggestions as to where to go as far as good restaurants and attractions were concerned.The hotel could not be situated in a better area. It's about a 10 minute walk to Times Square and Central Park, and is located close to subway stations and bus stops. Rite Aid and Starbucks are on either side of the hotel, a Ray's Pizza is directly across the street, which is perfect for a late-night meal (open as late as 5AM!), and a 24-hour Cosmic Diner is also across the street, as many others have alluded to.I recommend that travelers take advantage of the NY Pass and City Sights Hop-On/Hop-Off Bus Tour (3 days of each for $139/person, which we found to be more that worth it), and the 2-hour Circle Line Harbor Cruise (included with the NY Pass). We saw nearly all of Manhattan, and also ventured out to Coney Island, and to Queens for a Mets game. This hotel provided a great place to unwind after a long day in the Big Apple, and it also offers free Internet access if you have a laptop that you wish to use. The free breakfast served from 6 to 10AM daily offers a changing menu (eggs, sausage, French toast, ham, etc., in addition to a variety of éˆ¥æ¸ƒoldéˆ¥?foods and drinks). Complimentary breakfast to-go bags are offered (include an apple, bottle of water, cereal bar, and mints), as are cookies, a bowl of apples, tea, hot chocolate, coffee, and USA Today papers.The Hampton Inn Manhattan Times Square North hotel made our week-long stay in New York City extremely enjoyable, and when we return, will be our first choice to stay. It's clean and comfortable, and provides a haven from the often hectic streets of New York City.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Peoria_ILTraveler
<Content>Great NYC Hotel I stayed here July 10-14, 2007 and the recent positive reviews have it right. This is one of the best bargains in NYC. The rooms are large and clean, have great beds and the hotel services are rendered promptly by a friendly and accomodating staff. I have used Tripadvisor reviews to plan travel all over the USA and Europe. Two things I have found to be very helpful are to ignore any reviews more than 6 months old and to give very little weight to reviews that are extremely negative. People seem to be more prone to overstate a negative experience than a positive one.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>norwegiandude
<Content>Location, location, location If you want to be in a nice place in the midle of the Big Apple - this is the place!Great staff, great room (exelent beds), clean, quiet in the night and the breakfast was good too. The location is great and you have just a walk even you're heading for Central Park or the mainattractions between the skyskrapers.When it comes to price I would say that this hotel is'nt bad compared with other hotels at Times Square with the same facilities. We got a good deal (20 % discount) with doing some research at the internet.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kcboy
<Content>Excellent value I don't give five-star ratings very often, but this hotel really delivered. Including taxes, we paid about $250 a night for a two-night stay in June '07. The location is just as many others have described- easy access to the theatres and the rest of Times Square.We've only stayed in NYC one other time- at the Westin- and we were very pleased with the size of the Hampton rooms. Noise was a completenon-issue (we did as another suggested and requested a room away from the elevators). Breakfast was as it always is at a Hampton.If there's anything I'd critique, it'd probably be the concierge. The men on duty during my stay were perfectly pleasant, but didn't seem as knowledgable about NYC as the staff was when we stayed at the Westin.All in all, though, just an excellent property. We'd go back in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>likewarmplaces
<Content>Great hotel - value and location What a pleasant surprise! We stayed in a room with 2 queen beds for 5 nights (June 30-July 5). The beds are comfortable and the room was nicely decorated. The breakfast that's included is substantial (but a little heavy on carbohydrates). They also provide a free on the run bag with bottled water, apple, muffin and mints. It's a great snack to take with you on a day exploring NYC.The wall-mounted hair dryer made a funny noise, so I called housekeeping. Within 10 minutes, a maintenance worker arrived and installed a new hair dryer.The hotel is close to many theatres. It's walking distance to many attractions, and if they are too far away, there are many subway stops near the hotel.It's a short stroll to Times Square but our room was quiet and we had no troubles sleeping.We had no complaints and would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>doublej2424
<Content>Perfect Manhattan Hotel       Circle Line Cruise - Manhattan at night  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mbern4
<Content>Outstanding Wonderful place to stay. Room was spacious for four people. Very close to major subway stops. Wicked, Hairspray, Jersey Boy theaters (to name a few) maybe 50 steps away. Walking distance to Centeral Park, Top of the Rock, Time Square, Gray Line Bus tour (highly recommend the tour, get the 48 hour tour option) Very clean and quite. Room was on the third floor facing 8th and noise was never an issue. Breakfast was a great money and time saver,(although the breakfast area could get pretty busy and messy at times). Cosmic diner across the street is cheap and good with many choices and hugh portion. If you want to save money on your lodging and food cost and still stay at a descent hotel in NYC stay here, you will not regret your choice. Will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>supersweet06
<Content>Great Hotel I stayed at the hotel for 5 days end of June. We had 4 people in our room with queen beds. It was very spacious and the beds were very comfortable.Check in and check out were very fast. The staff is very friendly and if you ever have a problem, it gets solved right away.They have a free breakfast which was excellent! They offered everything from muffins, bagels, cereal, yogurt, oatmeal and danishes. They had a great selection of juices and tea/coffee.The area was great, close to everything, just a few blocks from Times Square and Central Park. They give out cookies and apples during the weekdays in the afternoons, it's a nice touch. They also have 24 hours a day tea/coffee and hot chocolate available.Overall a great experience. I would stay again for sure next time I go and visit.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	3	3	

<Author>Tom_Jones2006
<Content>If you went to hell, this is where you would stay Worse. Hotel. Ever. Avoid the other reviews. This hotel is the worst in Manhattan. Loud. Stinky. No room service or mini-bar. Terrible service. Stay anyplace else than here. This hotel will ruin your vacation.One star is too much. This place is a negative star.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>spentitall
<Content>great time in the big apple Searched the web for a hotel within walking distance of the theater and time square. It was everything I wanted and more. The staff was great and very helpful. The breakfast was nice and there was always fresh coffee. Our room faced 8th and was on the second floor so we could watch the street and enjoy the sights. It is NYC so there is always noise but it is the city that never sleeps. I will return to your hotel again. GREAT TIME!!!! Thanks for everything.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jazzfan156
<Content>Excellent stay at Times Square Hampton Inn My wife and I spent four nights at the Hampton Inn Times Square, and the stay was as near perfect as can be. The room was large, quiet, and exquisitely clean. It was on the 11th floor, and we never experienced any delays with the elevators. We were pleased to note that after 11:00PM they have someone checking room keys before going onto the elevator. Breakfasts were crowded but well-staffed and tended - never a food shortage. The location is excellent for theatre, jazz, and tour busses. Could not have been better - we will definitely stay again on our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MissTravelAlot
<Content>LOVED IT, LOVED IT, LOVED IT ! We have stayed at three different hotels and locations in New York and this is by far the best.The rooms are beautiful, the beds are to die for and the decor divine. Of course if yourve got the money to spend there would be endless options of fantastic places to stay in New York but if your looking for something reasonably priced that seems to give you better value than youd expect for your dollar, stay here.We travelled with children and had a quad room which was great. The only thing they dont seem to offer is a suite which would be great for families.Breakfast in the morning is adaquete, saves you having to buy another meal out.The location is the best, right in the hub of all the action.Stay here you wont be disappointed.  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jdgator919
<Content>Great Memorial Day Weekend! Me, my fiance and 2 friends stayed here over the long weekend. We got a great AAA rate for four people and the location can't be beat! The room was a nice size and the bed was SUPER comfortable. They let us store our luggage for a few hours on Monday after check out but before we had to leave for the airport - very smooth check in and check out!Only complaints would be - breakfast line was SOOOOO long! Forget trying to eat breakfast in the hotel if it looks close to full. On the other hand, we ended up across the street at Cosmic Diner which was really great. We also ate at Ray's pizza across the street - both good options. Second, we got a room facing into a parking lot (#207) - kind of wish we would have been higher and been facing the street. But, we were in New York and didn't spend much time in our room anyways.Would absolutely stay here again - no doubt about it!  
<Date>May 31, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Kazzz
<Content>PERFECT! Stayed here for 4 nights on our honeymoon and it was perfect for us. Short stroll to Times Square, Broadway, Central Park, shopping and subway. Found the area to be safe. Hotel staff were very helpful and friendly. Breakfast was good. Room was lovely, newly renovated. Huge bed that was very comfy. Our room was alot bigger then many other hotel rooms that we had considered. Great view of the New York streets from our window. Couldn't of been happier with this Hotel!  
<Date>May 29, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jjbalady
<Content>so much more... So this is suppose to be Hilton's lower end hotel, but we LOVED it! The rooms were spacious and the beds were extremely comfortable. The hotel has recently gone a 20 million dollar renovation, and it shows. I will be staying here again, especially for the great prices!  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DawnaJL
<Content>Convenient, Clean and Comfortable One of the few midtown hotels to have DOUBLE QUEEN rooms, a must for our party of 3 adults for 6-nights. Room huge for NYC, nicely furnished and stocked, not luxurious. In business district on the outskirts of theatre district, hotel is former HJ, recently refurbished, so was clean and fresh. Elevators slow and occasionally out-of- service - had to use stairs once - fortunately down. Convenient location is easy walking distance (we are 50s and not great shape) to Columbus Circle, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, Times Square, Radio City, MOMA, Carnegie Hall and Deli, GreyLine Bus Tours, Theatre District, and subway stations for red, blue and orange lines. No restaurant in hotel, but numerous nearby, including 24-hr diner across street, which proved convenient for our midnight arrival. Included breakfast has a larger selection than most, but often crowded, thus slow. Complimentary hot beverages all day/night. Front desk staff was friendly and efficient and graciously accomodated our request for late check-out. Overall, a great value ($227/night incl tax @ Christmas). Would definately recommend and would stay again.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shelby6
<Content>Brilliant We are just back from New York and we stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North. What a fantastic hotel, tea, coffee, hot chocolate, apples and cookies are available 24/7 you just help yourself. It is also very clean and the beds are so comfortable, we were on the 10th floor and we could not have asked for better accomodation. Complementary breakfast was good too, not too keen on the hot dishes , but plenty of fruit, juice,toast ,bagels and muffins so there is something for everyone. The hotel is close to everything, as you come out of the hotel door turn left and walk straight up the street and you are at Columbus Circle at the beginning of Central Park, the park itself is beautiful, with lots to see it is worth taking a bike trip with one of the guides, we would recommend Kenny from the Gambia, he told us everything about the park and it was really interesting, once you have been on the bike ride you know exactly where to go and spend time at your favourite parts of the park. Also turn right from the hotel door and walk one block, cross to the left carry on down the street and you are in the middle of Times Square and Theatre Land so close to everything. If you are looking for good food and friendly staff I strongly recommend the Harmony View bar  grill which is situated between Broadway and 8th Avenue. This was our first trip to New York and it was fantastic, the weather was lovely too. Gail and Robert Irvine 1st May 2007  
<Date>May 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>wjs
<Content>quite decent experience at Hampton Inn Just back from a three night stay with our two teens. Outside of building is non-descript, and 8th Avenue is a little mixed, but the inside of this hotel is really nice -- very clean, just renovated. And we're picky! We found our room clean, well equipped, and quite quiet given the location. We shared one room as a family of 4 in a room with 2 queen beds. A little squishy, but roomier than Sheraton Towers where we stayed last year. Convenient to theater and Times Square. Breakfast was included -- the hot stuff was icky, but cereal, bagels, toast, etc. was just fine. My only criticism was that the coffee was really weak, and that they use very environmentally unfriendly seeming styrofoam plates and cups to avoid dishwashing, etc. All in all, a great spot -- I hope they start to use recycled paper dishes at some point?!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>janeaway
<Content>Recommend this hotel We booked this hotel based on previous reviews and we were not disappointed. It is in a great location for sightseeing and of course shopping.The hotel itself was very clean, our room was on the 4th floor overlooking 8th Avenue and the traffic was rather noisy but earplugs soon remedied that. The room was large for city standards especially compared to London and had two queen sized, very comfortable beds, the linen was changed daily. There were three drawers and a fairly small wardrobe for clothes, the bathroom was small but very clean and had plenty of hot water.The breakfast was good with a selection of Kellogs cereals, toast, pastries, fruit, yoghurts and a choice of two hot dishes every day. The free tea, coffee and hot chocolate available in the lobby was very welcome. There is a coffee maker in each room but it was very slow to boil so we only tried it once.I would certainly stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sp0rty
<Content>Just okay We just returned from a five night stay at Hampton Inn - Manhattan Times Square North. The hotel is in a good location, right across from two of the most popular broadway shows and near many restaurants. The rooms are an average size, fairly clean, and the beds are comfortable. The elevators are slow, slow, slow, so it is not the place to be if you are on a tight schedule. I walked downstairs from the 11th floor because I was late and could not wait the ten minutes required on a busy morning. I wasn't alone, there were many others doing the same thing.Also, the breakfast room is packed with people and the food selection is mostly bagels, cereals, waffles, etc. Fortunately, there are good restaurants nearby. Just don't spend extra on this hotel thinking it will be worth it because you will get a decent breakfast if you have other hotel choices.We reported a clogged toilet early Tuesday morning. While we were out, it seemed like it had been fixed. It clogged again on Wed and we reported it at 8:30 a.m. We went down eleven floors to use the one in the lobby. When we returned to our room at 5:30 p.m., the toilet still had not been fixed. Finally, someone showed an hour later.When we arrived at the hotel, our room was not ready. We asked the bell desk to take care of our luggage while we went for a walk. One of the bellman said he would go upstairs to really make sure the room wasn't ready. He returned about 15 minutes later to say that the clerk was right - the room wasn't ready yet. We give him a tip and then ended up tipping another bellman who brought up our luggage. It seemed pointless, maybe all hotels do this.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DaveInTheCorn
<Content>Staff was excellent The room was excellent, enormous for a hotel in midtown. The bed was really comfortable.We had problems with the hotel's wireless internet (and wired internet too), and although they weren't resolved, the staff did all they could to help out.While the breakfast was nothing special, it's free, convenient, and filling.Overall, I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	2	

<Author>tcs3675
<Content>Elevator Noise! After reading the prevoius reviews I booked an overnight visit to this hotel. Overall the hotel is average. Please be warned get a room as far from the elevators as possible. Our room was two doors down and the noise was very disturbing. Honestly whenever the elevator was used it sounded like a bowling ball was going across the ceiling. I don't know if it was a mechanical problem or just on going. I called the front desk but the hotel was booked.I will try this hotel again in the future but I will make sure I am no where in the vicinity of the elevator!  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	3	3	3	2	3	

<Author>momofritz
<Content>Perfect location; great hotel My 3 sisters and I booked one room for our Sisters Weekend in late March. We liked everything about this Hampton; great staff, loved the location, good breakfast and 24/7 coffee/tea! Hotel is only 2 years old so everything felt new and clean; beds were roomy and very comfy. We easily walked to St. Patrick's Cathedral, the TKTS booth, restaurants, stores and the theatre with absolutely no problem. Liked it so much that I'm planning to take my granddaughter there for a weekend later in the year....just perfect.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>J9sling
<Content>Great location and spacious rooms! My mom, my two daughters and I spent 5 nights in NYC for the first time. We had read the great reviews for this hotel and they were so right. This Hampton Inn is a terrific value for NYC. The rooms were very spacious, beds and bed linens were very comfortable and the location is so convenient to everything a NYC sightseer would need. Here are some of the great things about this hotel:The room: Loved that fact that our room had 2 QUEEN beds (not just 2 double/full size) so we could spread out and sleep comfortably. The linens, pillows and comforter were very soft and luxurious. Each bed had 3 pillows. There was a spacious desk and nice desk chair, chair and ottoman and a dresser and nightstand. Probably my only complaint about the room would be the lack of drawer space (only 3). The bathroom was very nice with granite counters and two open shelves below the sink for toiletry storage. Water pressure was always good. Shampoo/conditioner/lotion/soap was always restocked. We were on the 3rd floor with a view of 8th Ave which was great for people watching. I think all the even number rooms face 8th Ave.The amenities: This hotel boasts a free breakfast which runs from 6am-10am. There are two dining rooms full of tables and chairs and the decor (here and throughout the hotel) is a very nice contemporary, comfortable design. The hotel changed their hot breakfast selections daily ( waffles/sausage, eggs/sausage, etc.). There was also a variety of bakery items such as biscuits, cinnamon biscuits, sweet bread, muffins, bagels and toast. Other items offered were: ready to make oatmeal, cereal, fresh fruit and fruit salad as well as a variety of juices, milk, coffee and hot chocolate. It would be difficult for someone to not find something they like! The staff did a terrific job keeping up with the always busy crowd and keeping the food stocked and tables clean. We saw a cart full of the to go breakfast bags for busy guests to grab on their way out in the morning from the front desk. The front lobby always had hot water and coffee, apples and afternoon cookies available to guests. There is also a nice little gift shop to purchase NYC souvenirs, snacks and toiletry items. The service: Everyone we encountered was very friendly and had a smile. I think our only problem was when we had a issue with our toilet and it took a while to be repaired and then cleaned. That was not a major inconvenience for us since we always were on the go and there are nice restrooms off the lobby area (for hotel guests only...you must have a room key to enter). The location: We were only a short 2 - 3 blocks from the Times Square action and most broadway shows. Hairspray and Jersey Boys were 1/2 block away. The Color Purple was 1 block away. We ate a few times at the Cosmic Diner (across the street) and enjoyed their fast service and good food. Also, there is a Rite Aid pharmacy next to the hotel. We ended up walking pretty much everywhere we wanted to go (except the Met) but noticed a subway station right by the hotel.Other things to note: Breakfast is busy but we NEVER had a problem finding a table. There are only 2 elevators and we NEVER had a problem coming and going...with no wait time either! Maybe we were just lucky but throughout the day were came and went and never had to wait for the elevator. Also, the hotel will gladly store your luggage for you while you wait for your room or when you checkout and don't have a flight until later. We paid around $200 a night for this hotel and it was well worth it. We would definitely stay here again when we return.I will be posting a trip report with lots of tips so look for it under my name!  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>vacationlisa
<Content>Fabulous find. Will stay again. The Hampton Inn is a great place to stay in NYC. The location is convenient to the Theatre District and Central Park. There is a subway stop across the street. The room was generously sized and very quiet. The bed was surprisingly comfortable. I felt like I was at a Westin! I got a great rate - government rate - of $214. Be sure to take your govt ID, as they require to see it.We only had hotel breakfast one day, the day we arrived early. It was good for that, but nothing special. The lobby free coffee isn't very good either. That is my only complaint. We loved the hotel as it met our needs and was very clean. We will stay again on our next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>slb126
<Content>Loved NYC and the Hampton Inn Times Square Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Hampton Inn Times Square. Our stay was very enjoyable. It was convenient to the tourist areas, theaters, shopping, restaraunts, etc. Our room was large enough for 4 people. It was clean and comfortable. The complimentary buffet breakfast is a great additional perk. We were pleased with the staff as well. They were helpful and as mentioned in another review, there were free cookies in the lobby in the afternoons, along with free coffee and hot chocolate 24 hours a day. I would gladly stay at the Hampton again and would recommend to anyone desiring this area of NYC.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Traveler111Stamford
<Content>Nothing Fancy but a Good, Solid Hotel This hotel is very good but don't expect anything fancy. Check-in was professional but not particularly warm. Room had no view but was very quiet. Room was very clean but they failed to put toilet paper in our bathroom for 2 days in a row. Beds were very comfortable and the climate control system worked well. Breakfasts are nothing special but plentiful, clean and easy. Location is great especially if you want to be in the Theatre District. Good restaurants are nearby although we found Ray's Pizza across the street to be very mediocre but passable if you are too tired to go elsewhere. Overall, this is a good place to stay.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Silvertimtim
<Content>Its all about location This hotel is in the perfect location, 2 blocks from Times Square, access to the underground\trains was just across the street, lots of restaurants and a couple of bars\pubs, and not far from the theater district... We got the hotel late in the evening, the reception staff were ok but not friendly.There was free tea and coffee in reception (which is avail 24/7). The room was very spacious, the bathroom was of a good size.The price of the room incld bfast which was buffet, which had a large selection of hot and cold food - very nice. The hotel has a modern feel to it in its lobby and breakfast area, but the rooms are a little dated.The only down side to the hotel was that the staff were not friendly, which is a shame.... except for Albert... If we go back to NY i would book this hotel for price and location..  
<Date>Mar 27, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>pbh73
<Content>Value for money in New York Stayed with my family for a week in February.Things we liked:Location - 8th Ave near to many attractions and the subway.Staff - Very pleasant welcome from the front desk Complimentary Breakfast - very convenient when getting 2 small children fed in the morningsRoom - Very comfortable beds, spacious living area (for NY), kept clean dailyComplimentary coffees, cookies and apples round the clockFree internet access - I picked up the wireles signal from 2nd floor, otherwise would have used ethernet connectionThe price - considering the location and comfort on offer - this is my fourth trip to NY and this place takes some beatingCould have improved:We had no view to speak of with the room and the rumble of the subway was detectable, but not really a major nuisanceSome of the fixtures and fittings around the place are showing their age, but again not a big issueDining:If you arrive and need a quick eat (take away/delivery) look no further than directly opposite the hotel at Ray's Pizza - really very good indeed for everything and always busy. Even the likes of John Travolta and Keanu Reeves have been known to drop by, the photos are there to prove it!Other nearby local eats for those with young children include Ellen's Stardust Diner complete with singing waiting staff. Mars 2112 (the food ain't great, but the kids still remember the experience fondly. The Carnegie Deli, check of the Woody Allen sandwich, but leave room for the famous cheesecake because it's the best. I would also recommend a trip down to Lombardi's in Little Italy just at the junction of Spring/Mulberry, always great Pizza and atmosphere.Out and about:For sightseeing with the kids, a trip on the Q out to Coney Island, Brooklyn, to the Aquarium is a fun day out. Top of the Rock(efeller Centre) beats the Empire State. Central Park Zoo is always good as is the rest of the park (we were fortunate to get plenty of snow). American Museum of Natural History with it's awesome dinosaur exhibits and the Hayden Planetarium. Disembarking the ferry at Ellis Island is more rewarding than Liberty Island. Shopping:Macys is great, but the place is huge so take regular breaks at the cafes on each of the floors and don't forget your tourists discount card at the visitor centre. Bloomingdales also operate a tourist discount card. If Dept stores are not your thing, just walking along 5th Ave, you'll see lots of upscale and everyday outlets.For the small ones, shopping at FAO Schwarz and of course the enormous Toys R Us in Times Square should round things off nicely. You can always stop for a delicious Hot Chocolate and pastry at the former in the imaginatively named FAO Schweetz !  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>RJMOntario
<Content>An excellent hotel- Great service and location!!!!! My husband and I recently traveled to New York for a vacation. We were very pleased with the Hampton Inn. We started our day with a great buffet breakfast- ( included) The room was a good size and very clean. The hotel is centrally located - within walking distance to almost every major tourist attraction. This hotel was a great find!!!!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>kapricorn79
<Content>Brilliant Hotel               More photos  
<Date>Mar 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>whymeUk
<Content>Simply fantastic Stayed here for 4 days in February.This hotel was fantastic. On arrival they had put us in a room right next to lift shaft, despite a request on booking form not to be near a shift. I went straight back to reception and the room was changed straight away with no fuss.Breasfast was included each day and was of a good quality.Room clean, comfortable. Towels changed daily and bedding changed when requested.Cosmic restaurant across road also very good, used it twice for evening meals. Fast service and good quality. Also got pizza from Ray's pizza, directly across from hotel. Also very good. they will deliver to your room if you know what you want or are lazy!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>alice5
<Content>great for groups Traveled with a group of high school girls to see the shows and sights. The people at the hotel could not have been nicer. Our group arrived late due to weather and they were very accomodating. The location was great. It is a great hotel for young people with breakfast daily. Feb. 16, 2007. alice  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>novalady
<Content>Great stay My family and I stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square on Sunday night and we had a great stay. The front desk staff, bellman, and housekeepers were very friendly. The location was only a block and a half from Broadway, and a few blocks from Times Square. Parking in NY is expensive, so we were charged $42 to park our SUV in the garage. The hotel itself was very clean and tastefully decorated. Our rooms was large and clean. The bathroom vanity was beautiful, marble. The bed was great. We all sleeped like babies. I HIGHLY recommend this hotel. It was cheaper and roomier than other hotels in the area. A Great value.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>HannahWestMidlands
<Content>Great hotel - good location This is a brilliant hotel in a good location. We stayed for five nights 11-16 February and got back yesterday.The location itself is great - not far from Times Square, and handy for the subway. The rooms have lovely comfortable beds, are very spacious and clean. The breakfasts are great. and are included in the price. They have a cooked choice option eg egg and bacon, or egg and sausage and there was a choice of cereals, pastries, yoghurt and fresh fruit. We did not experience any problems finding a table, and were impressed at the selection. There are also 'Breakfast to Go' bags at reception if you are too late for breakfast or want breakfast 'on the run'. There are cookies and apples at reception during the afternoon and complimentary hot drinks 24/7 - hot chocloate, tea, coffee etc.I thought this was a geat hotel for the price and would definitely stay there again on my next visit to New York.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>foth
<Content>Fantastic Hampton! Believe the reviews, this really is a fantastic hotel. We stayed for five nights at the beginning of February (when it was really cold!) and can't fault the hotel at all.The location itself is great - a block back from the north end of Times Square, which makes the road outside slightly quieter. Our room was bigger than we expected and faced the rear of the hotel. We heard no noise at all either from the street or other rooms. Rooms have excellent heating systems, are spotlessly clean and have extremely comfortable beds - just what you need after a cold day walking in New York.Breakfasts are great. We never had any problems finding a table, and were impressed at the selection. A different hot item every day, and the usual array of cereals, pastries and juices. There are also 'Breakfast to Go' bags at reception if you don't have time in the morning. During weekdays, there are cookies at reception and there are complimentary hot drinks 24/7.Overall, a great hotel at a great price. On my next trip to NY, I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>catsplay
<Content>Very pleased Stayed here two nights mid-January. I couldn't be more pleased. Excellent location, and nice to be slightly away from the 'center' of Times Square. We arrived a noon and had called the day before requesting an early check in, and our room was ready for us. We were escorted to the room by the bell captain who reviewed all of the room features with us. We were on floor 8, facing the back of the hotel, towards the end of a hallway. Room was quiet, clean and spacious. The one and only criticism is that, if you looked closely, the room was a little 'worn' around the edges -- scuffs on the walls in a few places, the bottom of the bathroom door was worn and peeling, and a stain on the ottoman. But all in all very, very clean. I felt quite comfortable, and am normally a picky hotel guest. Beds were incredibly soft.It got very crowded on the weekend, but was calm and deserted during the week. Some elevator waits on Saturday, but not unacceptably long.Although there is no room service, the Cosmic Diner across the street is open 24 hours, and we ordered a pizza which was delivered to our room from Ray's Pizza across the street.An unbeatable place to stay with the AAA rate.I'm certain I will stay there again!  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Splanky
<Content>Loved this hotel!               More photos  
<Date>Jan 18, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>WherecanI_gonext
<Content>A+ : Great hotel ! My family of four stayed here during Winter Break, 2006. (My husband and I are 48; our daughter is 9; son is 14). Every part of our stay was enjoyable. First of all, our room, (third floor facing the rear of the hotel) was clean and quiet. We didn't hear any traffic sounds. The queen sized beds were extremely comfortable. The complimentary breakfasts had a wide choice of foods (including one hot food, such as waffles, french toast sticks or eggs every day). Coffee, tea and hot chocolate were set out 24 hours a day. One night, they were out of decaf and they promptly made more as soon as I asked for it. The staff was very nice and helpful with anything we needed. The location was great ,too. A 24 hour diner was right across the street and a drug store was on the next block. If I had to say one negative thing, it's that the elevators were occasionally too crowded to get on, but we just waited for the next or walked. One last comment: the price was very reasonable! It was such a positive stay -- we would definitely go back.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SheGoes
<Content>Sweet find This hotel is really nice: clean, up-to-date bedding and furnishings, very friendly and helpful staff, nice breakfast, good for business travellors and families. Greal location, too. This hotel is nice to return to after a day of hard work or vigorous sight-seeing. I came for work but I'll return with my family. Excellent value for the money, and clean, clean, clean!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Suzanne&Mark
<Content>This is the place to stay! We stayed in a King suite, for one week from 5th December 2006. This was our first time in NYC and we were unsure of the best location to stay. The hotel is on 8th Ave and 51st Street which is about a 5 min walk from Time Square, Central Park and even less to Broadway. There is a tube stop less than a minutes walk from the hotel. So, the location for us could not have been better (although the tubes were a little confusing compared to London).From previous reviews, we requested a room overlooking 8th Ave on a high floor - we were not disappointed. The room itself was quiet, very clean, large, with a sofa (bed) and the biggest, most comfortable super king size bed we have ever slept in! The room also had a coffee machine, safe, telephone, tv, drinking glasses, ice bucket, ironing board. The bathroom was also very clean with lots of fresh towels. Breakfast - we were a little concerned by previous reports that breakfast was a mass grab for food, it wasn't. During the week stay only the saturday was a mad frenzy. There are plenty of tables for everyone and 2 large TVs to watch the news and weather on. The food was of very good quality and comprised of:2 hot items per day e.g sausage, egg, waffles, french toast etc. Then there was porridge, 4 cereals, fruit, yogurts, muffins, danish's, the nicest ever cinnamon scones. Drinks included fruit juices, milk. There were also breakfast grab bags at reception consisting of a muffin, cereal bar, bottle of water, box of mints and some fruit.There was also complimentary tea, coffee and hot chocolate available 24 hours in the reception area. Furthermore, after 2pm during the week there were free scrummy cookies on reception (and also apples if you wanted to be healthy).Reception were extremely friendly and the concierge was very knowledgable and helpful, you could also buy theatre tickets here.We plan to return to NYC and will be staying at the Hampton Inn again.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>hookyd
<Content>good location, good rooms Not glitzy but has everything you need. You are not going to be treated to a fancy restaurant or louge. However, you will get what you expect from a hotel...clean rooms, friendly staff, decent breakfast buffet and walkable to weeks worth of entertainment. If and when I go back I will be staying there.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>gmk1214
<Content>Great hotel Took our two twenty-something daughters, who can be a little critical, and not one complaint.. Very close to Rockefeller Center, Times Square, subways....easy walking distance to theaters and other attractions. The room was clean and roomy, the staff was friendly and helpful. and the free breakfast offered many choices. Have already recommended to friends and would return in a New York Minute. Raleigh NC  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mmissner
<Content>Comfortable stay We had enough Hilton Honors points for two free nights at the Hampton Inn Times Square North. The location was wonderful--close to the theatres,. Lincoln Center, subway, good restaurants. I requested a quiet room which we got. The bed was very comfortable with nice linens. However, there was a huge spot on the hassock and some on the carpets. The breakfast was great (Why is that the very expensive hotels never have breakfast?) but there were long lines given that this is larger than most Hampton Inns and a busy time of year. I would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>junnah
<Content>Fundamentals Just spent four days in NYC and stayed at this hotel. Very very good experience. My wife and two teens would agree.Location is excellent.Staff was helpful.Breakfast was what you should expect from a Hampton Inn.CLEAN!Surprisingly quiet. The days of the jackhammer are over.I'd stay here again in a heartbeat.If you're looking for something elegant or romantic look elsewhere and be prepared to shell out some monster dollars. If you're looking for a place that gets the fundamentals right, this is it.High value quotient.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>keena2000
<Content>Great place to stay       View from our window, check out the little house on the roof  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>rgberg
<Content>Nearly perfect I visit NYC quite often, and have stayed in several different hotels. This Hampton Inn is up there with the best. It's simple, but the rooms are clean, relatively spacious, and quite comfortable. The free wireless internet worked like a charm, and the free breakfast was quite good. The only minor complaint? A group of women staying in the room next door sometimes got a bit loud, and it sounded at times as though they were in our room. I think the walls are a bit thin, but generally, our room was very quiet, especially for a hotel in Times Square. I'd return in a heartbeat.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>orangebug
<Content>Very Pleased! We stayed at this hotel Nov. 9-13th. We were very pleased witheverything about our visit. We arrived at 9:30 am, and a friendlydesk clerk checked us in. Our room was large enough that thefour of us did not trip over one another. The room was VERYclean- something I am picky about! The location was great-Times Square, Rockefeller Center, the theatres, 5th Ave, all ina comfortable walking distance. We had tickets for GMA, and feltsafe walking at 6am to the studio. (Plus the hotel had breakfastto go bags that we grabbed to eat on the way- muffin, B'fast bar,apple, water, and a box of mints.) We did eat b'fast other mornings in the hotel, it is crowded, but it was possible to get a table each morning. The subway is very close by making it easyto get to all other destinations- Ellis Island, China Town, etc.The hotel staff was friendly and helpful. I would definately stayhere on future trips!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>stphnwhit6
<Content>Clean and basic but service was good We stayed (my wife, young son and myself) during late October. Rooms are a little tired but clean and the bed was surprisingly comfortable. We had a bad experience during the first night with very noisy neighbours but once reported the hotel management acted swiftly and the rest of the trip was peaceful.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Tiggytiger
<Content>Love it! Great location - easy walking distance to Times Square, Broadway, Central Park. Lots of great shops, bars and restaurants close by. Rooms - spacious with a big comfy bed. Lovely furnishings. Good shower.Breakfast - good choice of food. Gets very hectic so eat as early as you can or eat out.Staff - very friendly and attentive. We're staying there again at New Year.Only downside was one of the bellhops told us he was finishing his shift before we'd get back to collect our luggage and we felt pressured to tip him. Subsequently didn't tip the guy who we collected our bags from on our return ($10 for 2 cases - no way!)and got evil stares from him the whole time we waited for our bus to the airport!!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Unicorn0
<Content>Nice, very helpful, great place! Had to write a great review for these guy! They helped me when the other hotel (no, it's an apartment) that was only one block away was far below expectations. I left there after a 1/2 hour later and walked up the block. For thirty bucks more I landed up with a winner with breakfast included. And, at the very last minute! Oh, and great coffee in the lobby all day. And, across the street a great all-nighter diner. Best location for those who like to go to the theaters.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kleeeeeen
<Content>Great Hotel I really enjoyed this hotel. It was clean and classy. Not just a typical hotel with the icky bedspread. The comforter was nice and the design of the room was fun and very New York. I slept just as well there as I do at home. The street noise didn't even bother me. It's in a great location. It's close enough to Times Square but far enough away that it's not too hectic. I've stayed right in Times Square before and all the activity got to be too much- this was a happy medium. It's right in midtown so you can get anywhere on the island easily. Near subways too. My only suggestion is that you don't plan on waiting for the breakfast bar.... I couldn't even get in the room to grab a muffin it was so popular. I just grabbed a coffee and got a bagel elsewhere. Free food if you don't mind waiting !  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>chocolatefriend
<Content>Give it a miss while the renovations are on ! Checked in and then out within half an hour ! They are re concreting the underground carpark and all day from 9-5pm the horrendous jack hammering noise apparently happens and this has already been happening for 4 months they said ! We were on the 10th floor and were still disturbed by it even with the television on. I asked why we weren't notified of this as we had made a phone call from Australia and emailed just the week before (which wasn't answered). You even had to talk over the noise when checking in, I don't know how they can work in that environment ! There was no explanation given but never the less we were not charged and phoned and stayed at The Belvedere around the corner which was stunning !This hotel is in a great location and the size of the room was nice but expensive and at US $369 a night certainly wasn't going to pay this and be disturbed !  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>RooseveltRose
<Content>GREAT Place!!!! 8 of us went to New York City, and booked this hotel based on price, location, and tripadvisor.com and expedia.com reviews.We were more than pleased. The service was great, staff was very friendly, they answered all our questions and assisted us in any way they were able. The rooms were clean. Little things like fruit and coffee being available 24 hours a day, makes a very nice difference, as does the complimentary breakfast. Would highly recommend it !!!  
<Date>Oct 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stonnie
<Content>Great Stay We got kinda scared booking a budget hotel in NY. But we went for the Hampton Inn and we didn't regret it for one second.Only a day before arrival I called to hotel to get an early check in. this was no problem at all and we could check in around noon.The people at the reception were very helpfull and friendly from the second we arrived. We booked a stay for 7 nights and they told us we could ring the frontdesk anytime for info about restaurants etc. I did that just to test them and they gave great advice.We got a kingsize bed although during booking they told us they only had doubles, so they went the extra mile. GREAT. The rooms are very spacious. I don't know about other NY hotels but we read a lot of reviews and they all complain about space. We there is enough space. We were very anxious about the roomsize as a lot of reviews talk about rooms in NY being as big as a closet. Well I would love to have a closet that is as big as our room at the Hampton Inn.An hour after we arrived we got a courtesy call to ask if everything was fine. I got highspeed internet right away. The only downside to this hotel might be the breakfast buffet. But then again it's free and they try to change it as often as possible. It can get a bit crowded so we started having breakfast at 8.30 which was a good idea.I really can't come up with anything really negative about this hotel. So I would recommend it ANY TIME. Location is great, next to subway and only a few blocks from Times Square and Central Park. What more can someone ask for?Ok it's not the Hilton or Waldorf. But you get a lot for the price you are paying.I have seen a lot of hotel rooms in a lot of cities around the world and this was a very nice one. RECOMMENDED!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>marydove
<Content>clean, accessible, and kid friendly Stayed Sat night in Manhattan and wanted to be close to TImes Sq to make for easy access to the train stations, subways, shows and excitement. This Hampton Inn was by far the least expensive of the hotels in this class I was considering. The room was a decent size and well maintained. No honor bar (which I like on account of kids want what they see), lousy view onto an adjoining construction site (quiet on the weekend). Free buffet breakfast was provided but the dining room was chaos, and the food only mediocre. But free is still free! Stick with the fresh fruit and bagels and you'll do fine. Not a Ritz Carlton, but this was a fine choice when all we needed was a place to put our stuff and lay our heads for the night.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>mcfc98
<Content>Can't fault it. Great place, very well located and for the size the price was just right.Very clean and friendly staff too.If it had its own parking I would have given it 5. It has an adjoining place that is owned by someone else that I wasn't too impressed with - though they do validate your parking with them so it's half price ($26 a day).I'll definate look for this place again on my next trip to NYC.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>xxoosoniaxxoo
<Content>Make sure Miriam writes your group rate down I called and spoke to Miriam to inquire on a group rate that I qualified for. She gave me the rate which was good. Later, when I spoke to her again - she advised me that she didn't give me that rate because she didn't have it written down???? She raised the rate tremendously and didn't apologize for the inconvenience or anything. I was so furious that I cancelled and ended up booking elsewhere.  
<Date>Sep 25, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SMFguy
<Content>Great location, perfect room, but be prepared for the price I stay at Hampton Inns frequently, because they are the best value in the Hilton family of hotels where I earn points in the Hilton Honors program. This hotel certainly met, and actually exceeded, the quality I've come to expect from this hotel chain. The room was spacious and comfortable. The decor was very up-to-date. The bathroom was completely renovated. Breakfast service was fine (not the greatest quality food, but pretty standard at most Hampton Inns).. We had a corner room overlooking the intersection of 8th Avenue and 51st Street. It was a great roofscape view. The location of this hotel is outstanding......close enough to Times Square to easily walk to theatres and all the action there, surrounded by great restaurants with every cuisine imagineable; an easy 7-block walk up to Central Park, subway line a short block away. My only complaint was the $300+ price for a king-bed room....but, unfortunately, that's pretty much the going rate for all NYC hotels these days. Lesser quality hotels in more distant neighborhoods were charging just as much..........so for someone looking for a centrally-located hotel for enjoying much of what NYC has to offer, I'd recommend this place in a minute!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>oneluckyb
<Content>Much Hampton Inn Love After receiving tickets to see Wicked as an anniversary gift, I began doing research for a decent place to stay that was in a prime location. I wanted to be close to Gerswin Theater, and Hampton Inn is as close as you can get! The theater is across from the hotel and pretty much near everything! We were allowed to check in early, which was a pleasant surprise. Our room was on the 10 floor and gave a view of the back, but it wasn't awful. It was pretty cool to look out and see apartments and office buildings alike, especially at dusk.The hotel was helpful at every turn. It was nice to go out and come back and have a message checking on on us and making sure we were satisfied with everything. All the staff was willing to answer any questions and suggest restaurants, etc if you asked. The only turn off was when we left our bags for day, the bellhop was quick to point out that he would not be around when we came back and that he would gladly take his tip at that moment. My husband and I are good tippers and would only not tip for rude service, I thought his statement was uncalled for, as we were going to tip then and when we came back to get our bags. But that was really the only thing I can think of that was bad.Again, the location of this hotel is superb, mere minutes from Times Square on the south and Central Park on the north. A train station is one block south and there are plenty of great bars and restaurants to venture in!We have decided to make a yearly trip to NY and will book a room at this hotel each and every time.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>suscor
<Content>Best stay in New York Just prior to departing on my trip I was checking the reviews and starting to worry a bit. I need not have done so. We had a lovely room on the 5th floor with a view over 8th Avenue (and I would recommend asking for this view - it is wonderful just to gaze at the taxis streaming up the road). The staff were excellent, all very friendly, but with no pressure. The location is fab for access to the theatres and also the subway system. I would certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>edpurs999
<Content>Great hotel I thought this was a great hotel for the price, which included breakfast and free coffee all day, plus a breakfast bag if needed. The sight of people stuffing as much food as they can fit in thier stomachs was a bit much to see first thing in the morning, that is the problem when food is free I suppose! Staff were lovely, room was great, location was fantastic. The only drawback...no BBC world on the TV, but hey, you can't have everything!I booked an extra night at the hotel, which was a lot more expensive than the days I booked in advance via Expedia, but I think that is normal?  
<Date>Sep 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	3	5	

<Author>lillious
<Content>Good location Needed one night accomodation in the city and wanted something centrally located. Also wanted to earn double honors points! Location of hotel is great. Staff was very friendly. When we got to our room we immediately noticed the very noisy elevator on the other side of our wall. We asked for a different room but they were sold out. The noise through the night was awful and in the morning we brought it to the attention of the manager. They were very apologetic and immediately offered to give us the night for free.I told them that everything else about the hotel was great and that a 50% discount was quite acceptable.Breakfast was typical of most Hamptons. They didn't have a business center but offered to let me use their office computer to look up the location of a local festival that was in the city.Parking was right next door and staff there was also very friendly.We left our bags with the bellman for the day and he quickly retrieved them for us when we returned at 3pm.I would pick this hotel again but request a room away from the elevator just in case they aren't able to resolve the noise issue.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	5	-1	3	

<Author>njrangerfan
<Content>Wow - What a fantastic hotel! The Hampton Inn Times Square North is one of the best hotels I've stayed in, especially in New York City. The room was quite large and they had two queen beds - not simply two small double beds. The beds were so comfortable. The air conditioning worked very well and the view of 8th Avenue was great. The bathroom had marble countertop and the shower head had good pressure. The room was very clean. The hotel staff was very courteous and reliable with wake up calls. There is a free breakfast every morning, and they have a couple of hot items and several continental items including cereals, fruits, bages, danishes, muffins, etc. There is cold juice and hot coffee as well. As a matter of fact, there is complimentary hot coffee 24 hours a day in the lobby. There are also apples at the front desk and cookies each evening - all free. The hotel was quiet, but one night the person in the next room had their TV too loud and I could hear it right through the wall. Otherwise, I highly recommend this hotel to anyone travelling to NYC, whether it is business or pleasure, alone or with family. It was a great experience.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrendaPlummer
<Content>Great hotel, excellent location       Me and my dauther at the set of Friends - Mahanttan bus tour  
<Date>Aug 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	3	3	5	

<Author>JSP&KMP
<Content>Great hotel and very good location I'd been following the reviews since refurbishment was taking place and hoped the few negative comments I'd seen wouldn't be an issue. We stayed at the hotel during the last week of July. The staff were friendly and efficient and the bellmen excellent. One was immediately there to help when we arrived by taxi and when we left they again helped us with our luggage, arranged a large yellow cab for a set time and took our luggage to the cab.  My husband had stayed in the hotel 5 years ago when it was a Ho Jo so could fully appreciate the refurbishment. Our room was a good size and comfortably acommodated 3 of us. The beds were comfortable and the airconditioning effective. We had a front facing 3rd floor room but the double glazing was very effective and traffic noise was never an issue. Although we did not take breakfast every morning when we did the choice was good and we were always able to get a table. The complimentary beverages available from the lobby were a welcome addition and the breakfast bags a good idea. The bathroom was pleasant and modern and there was always a fresh and ample supply of towels. The television was great and local telephone calls were free. Internet access was also complimenatary if you had your own laptop although there was also internet access in the lobby.  Reception staff were courteous and helpful even down to providing a miniature screwdriver kit for my husband to mend his sunglasses with. Although we probably paid top rate $239 dollars a night + taxes (having booked through the Hampton inns own website) I feel the service we received and standard of accommodation was worth this amount, particularly during peak season and for the excellent location. If you're looking for a fun place to eat try Vynl at 754 Ninth Ave. The food is great and very reasonably priced, the staff friendly and the cocktails strong!! The themed toilets are a hoot as well. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel and would certainly stay there again in the future.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Kain
<Content>Great Stay The Hampton Inn - Manhattan Times Square North was wonderful. Comfortable rooms and beds, a great view of Eight Avenue, a free breakfast which included a variety of cereals, toast, english muffins, sausages (one morning), scrambled eggs (the next morning). Delicious cookies and tea served most of the day in the lobby. The Hampton Inn was close to a lot of New York City Attractions, mainly being Times Square, the Ed Sullivan Theater (David Letterman) and Rockefeller Center. The Intrepid Museum is about a 20 minute walk to the west (we walked it, not bad). Central Park is about 5 blocks to the north and the Empire State Building is approximately 1 mile to the southeast (subway located one block south of the Hampton).Oh I forgot to mention that across the street is the Cosmic Diner and Ray's Pizza. Both serve excellent food, but I'd give the better review to the Cosmic Diner. There is also an Italian restaurant Trattoria just north of 52nd Street (a very short walk) which was reasonable in price.The parking garage next to the hotel (NOT managed by the Hampton) was not the best experience. On departure we waited for 40 minutes to get our van back and then the attendant drove our van right past us and onto the sidewalk of 51st Street and left it there. What a dork!! The only positive thing going for this parking garage is that you don't have to carry your luggage very far from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Chic-Trav
<Content>Great Place - Will Stay There Again! My son and I stayed here for 3 nights in July. The hotel lived up to the reviews that I had read. It is very clean, the rooms are above-average size for a NY hotel, the location is great and the staff is very friendly and helpful. The only drawback is that the walls are pretty thin. The people in the room next to us had the TV on and we could clearly hear it, as well as their conversation when they came in late at night. Other than that, the hotel was fantastic and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend it to someone and stay there again myself.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Coug1995
<Content>Best kept secret in Manhattan Let me start this review by saying the hairdryers provided by the hotel are the small travel sized hairdryers that are connected to the wall. Hotel websites never tell you the size of the hairdryer, and when you call, the front desk never seems to know, so I always end up packing mine just in case. (I have long hair and need a full size dryer or it will take me 30 minutes just to get it dry)Now on to the actual hotel review. I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this hotel. I had read previous reviews (all within the last year, well after renovations were completed) and was expecting a clean, comfortable stay. It's a Hampton, so you can't go wrong right? If I had a choice between this hotel and one of the smaller botique hotels (all prices being equal) I would choose the Hampton Inn hands down. The hotel far surpassed my expectations. The room was spacious, the beds were comfortable (love the thick red velvet bed spread) and the bathroom was well lit. The free breakfast was fantastic. Certainly not gourmet, but well worth the price of admission. I arrived on a red eye from the West Coast and only had to wait about 2 hours before a room was available for me. I called in advance to let them know I would like an early check in. The only reason a room wasn't ready when I got there (10 am) was because the hotel was full the night before. The front desk was very nice about making sure we got a room ASAP. They invited us to have breakfast and to rest in the lobby while our room was being prepped. All of the staff we encountered during our stay was more than helpful and very polite. The only gripe I have is that on our second day, after being gone for more than 7 hours, we returned to our room to discover the door was left ajar. I've had this happen in other hotels before and assumed it was the maid who didn't close the door all the way until I noticed that the security lock (not the deadbolt, but the extra lock) was missing and an odd contraption was left in it's place. The contraption was also missing several screws which further added to my concerns. Had someone broken into our room and broke the lock in the process? I quickly scanned my belongings and didn't find anything missing. I looked under the bed, in the shower and in the closet, no one was hiding, so I called the front desk to complain. They apologized, said they would look into it and call me back. As it turns out, they are in the process of replacing all of the extra security locks with different locks that can't be cut with bolt cutters and our room was one of the first rooms to undergo the change. Apparently they ran out of screws and never came back to finish the job. When they left, they didn't close the door all the way. While I applaud their concern for guest safety, I am a bit discouraged that they didn't at least let us know they were making a change. If the door hadn't been left open, I still would have noticed the lock was missing and been concerned. A phone call or message would have been nice. Regardless, the maintenance guy came back to finish the job (he didn't ID himself as being maintenence and I had to call the front desk to confirm he was supposed to be there) and all was well. The location of the hotel is great, everything is within spitting distance. We booked the hotel in April and were quoted $179 per night, which as anyone who has ever stayed in Manhattan knows, is a real bargain. I would pay upwards of $200 a night for this place, that is how much I enjoyed my stay. I can't wait to go back and to book my next stay at this great hotel!  
<Date>Aug 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>domicat
<Content>Great Location--so-so service We stayed here for a week in June and I can promise you that the location was excellent. Walk out the front look left and you'll see Columbus Circle on the corner of Central Park (5 blocks), straight ahead there's your taxi, go down one block and there's the subway or the bus, around the corner are the theatres and two blocks beyond that is Times Square! Even Ray's Pizza is directly across the street and there's an Italian restaurant is down the block. My son and husband and I had fun walking everywhere--and if we walked too far the hotel is centrally located so a taxi is cheap! The downside was that this place is busy--lots of people in daily and the elevators were not always working. We waited everyday for one of the two to be repaired. The buffet area is bland and the food is not much better--but my son liked the toast and that's great. The front desk personnel were always frenzied--and often gruff--so if I can find fault it was the service. The room was small but adequate, clean, and no problem fitting in a roll-away and refrigerator--so, great location, with absolutely no pampering! I would not stay here again simply because I saw many other places in the same area that seemed nicer (Hampton is on a very busy, crowded street with a very small crowded lobby at all times). I will say I was on the top (11th) floor and I could see the river (as well as every roof top) from my window, and the concierge person (busy, too) was able to get (good) tickets for all the shows!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>Getzmrt
<Content>Pleasantly surprised We had read all of the reviews and we still skeptical of this hotel. However, it was wonderful. The rooms were clean and comfortable for a family of four. The staff was friendly and helpful. Although breakfast could get crowded, the food was refilled promptly and the selections were great. The location is amazing - we enjoyed walking all over the city.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Ammenities,Service and Location We statyed at this hotel for a week while attending a trade show at Javits. Nice room, great breakfast and the breakfast bags to go. Nice warm cookies and tea served most of the day. Friendly and helpful staff. Nice restaurants nearby and far enough away from Noise of times square. Nice hotel value for NY. Staff was very helpful before, during and even helping us with some shipping issues afterward.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Choice We booked a week on the advice of a friend who said the hotel had been completely renovated and was now very nice. The hotel exceeded our expectations. In addition to its superb location, the full breakfast was varied and tasty, the rooms were clean and extremely comfortable and the staff, from the desk manager to housekeeping, was courteous and helpful. We would definitely recommend this hotel and will likely book it again when we return to this incredible city.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>devan
<Content>Good value near Times Square I was extremely pleased with my stay at the Hampton Inn Times Square North. The decor is very nice, the rooms quite large (for New York) and bathrooms clean and attractive. Beautiful big-screen TV with lots of channels. I stayed in a King Study, which had a seating area (sofa and coffee table--very convenient) and a desk and chair. The pillow-top bed was very comfortable.Service is excellent. There was a problem with the toilet, and literally within minutes someone was sent up to fix it. Any questions or concerns were answered in a friendly, cheerful manner. I did not take advantage of the breakfast buffet most days, only stopping in for some fruit or juice (not a big breakfast eater) but the room is pleasant and other people seemed to be enjoying all the hot and cold offerings. Free coffee and tea are offered all day, and free newspapers in the morning. Ice and soda machines are available on every floor. Elevators are modern and fairly fast. Only times you may have to wait are when everybody is leaving to see the shows or near check-out time.The location is stellar, particularly if you are planning to see a lot of shows. You can walk to all the theaters. Very convenient to the many interesting and non-touristy restaurants along 9th Avenue. There are two subway lines close by - one is a short block south, the other a bit longer cross-town block east, and it's an easy walk to Rockefeller Center and several other subway lines.I thought it was a good value, better than the Belvedere, the rates for which have really shot up over the past year. The only thing I missed that I had at the Belvedere was a kitchenette (they do have a coffee machine in the room, though). But that's a very minor quibble.I would definitely stay at the Hampton Inn again.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>NYtraveler1234
<Content>Great value, great location Hotel is very conveniently located to Times Sq, Theater District, Central Park, shopping and subway. Not much to look at on the outside, but rooms have been redone and are BIG by NYC standards, and very clean. 2 Queen beds, nice bathroom, plenty of room, plenty of towels. Elevators were efficient, even during check-out time. No view to speak of (other than NYC street hustle and bustle which is always interesting). My suggestion is to save the money, stay here, and go to Novotel around the corner for a drink on their outdoor patio overlooking Times Square if you want a view.Free breakfast is included - food was very nice - different hot breakfast each day, plus cold items and fresh fruit. They also offer Breakfast on the Run (bagged muffin, water, apple and granola bar) at the front desk. Staff was very accomodating and 24 hour coffee/tea was appreciated as well. We paid $206/night with AARP discount - more than worth the money in NY.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Varner
<Content>Hampton---- but really still a Howard Johnson's First time in NYC and we picked a Name brand hotel HAMPTON INN service is great but the rooms and the halls need to be redone it still looks like a Howard Johnson The staff were some what friendly but the location is great Needs to improve on the rooms  
<Date>Jun 19, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would definitley recommend Very good complimentary hot and cold breakfast buffet. Complimentary high speed Internet that worked well and was easy to set up. Complimentary USA today. Complimentary cookies and fruit in the lobby. Nice large TV in the room. Bed was very comfortable. Nice work desk, except the chair was uncomfortable. Very clean. Good iron and full size ironing board in the room.I'd definitely stay here again. In fact I've been to NY about 6 times on business and this is the nicest hotel room I've stayed in for this class of hotel.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Inspector-IOM
<Content>Excellent location Stayed here May 25th to May 28th and found it a little gem in the heart of the city.Our room was clean and tidy, bathroom adequate for our family of four and the free breakfast was of a very good standard.The hotel is very close to Wicked, Times Square, The Rock, top shopping at the top of the Avenues, Central Park and the Grayline tourist buses.Free tea and coffee throughout the day and night.A pleasure to stay here and we would definitely use it again.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall, a good hotel Stayed here with my 15 year old son from 27th May until 1st June. We are from UK. Agreed with all the positive comments mentioned by other customers - good value, great breakfast, clean, friendly etc. The only drawback for us was the building work right outside our window. This was not part of the hotel and was not very noisy as the hotel is well sound insulated, but nevertheless, not a pretty sight. If bookig this hotel, I would ask for a room high up and not overlooking the building work. Will recommend this hotel to others and would stay again.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Bostonbrahmin
<Content>Great Value Just returned from a weekend in NYC. Selected the Hampton Inn as I find them a good chain, but wondered about Manhattan. My room was quite large, extremely comfortable King size bed, and all the usual amenities. The free breakfast always a bonus. I found the help to be very courteous and helpful. Highly recommended.  
<Date>May 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Large rooms and excellent location in the Heart of New York Just come back from an excellent long weekend in New York City. The Hampton Inn was a reasonably priced hotel and was recommended to me by a New Yorker who organises corporate hospitality for a living. The rooms were larger than average for a City Hotel, tastefully decorated and clean. The staff were very friendly and helpful and the hotel offers free local calls and free broadband internet access.The complimentary breakfast offered a lot of choice and was adequate although there were no frills here. Buffet style with plastic plates, cups and cutlery with the canteen layout gave the impression of a school dining hall, especially as the hotel seems to be a favourite for school and college organised trips. As an alternative though - there is a great restaurant 2 minutes from the hotel offering breakfast from a menu.Overall, I would definitely recommend it just for the size of the rooms and prime location - 3 blocks from Times Square.  
<Date>May 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>rimarcha
<Content>FANTASTIC AWESOME LOCATION We stayed here for three nights. April 27, 28 and 29. The place was fantastic. We went on a bus tour and our bags were in the rooms within 5 minutes after we arrived. The hotel was super clean. The beds were very comfortable. The towels and wash cloths were plentiful. They had a very good breakfast that changed daily it always had fresh fruit and sausage and canadian bacon and very delicious hot biscuits among other items. Lots of cereals muffins and juices. The location was ideal the staff were excellent. Free ice and soda machines were on each floor. Soda was reasonable at 1.50 for A 20 OZ. BOTTLE. You can't beat it for New York. Everyone on our bus loved the place. I will go back there.  
<Date>May 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent, Couldnt Fault it one bit A+++++ This was the first time trip to new york from the uk. We were originally booked in for the Thirty Thirty hotel, but once we got there we were moved out of our hotel because of being overbooked. We were anxious about where we were being moved to. But once we arrived to the Hampton Inn we couldn't have been happier, the admin staff on the reception desk were friendly and helpful, once we arrived into our room we couldnt have been happier about how clean and tidy the rooms were -just fabulous. The beds were amazing it was like sleeping on cloud 9. Cable TV, coffee facilities, hairdryer - was just so comfortable i couldnt fault one bit.The concierge was excellent - very friendly and talkative. Gives great advice and help with any needs we had. Breakfast was great - the kitchen area was a little small.The next time i go to new york - im def staying here again. I would reccomend this hotel to anybody. Is in great walking distance to everything, just down the street is empire state building.  
<Date>May 2, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Place We stayed at this hotel Easter weekend 2006. The place is very clean and has a modern look. The rooms are very clean and comfortable and we had a wonderful/fun view of Eigth Avenue. The service was exceptional and the hot breakfast was great. We definitely wiil stay at this hotel again on our next trip to NY. The location was very good: close to many good restaurants and short walk to tour bus stops. The manager John Balicki was very helpful with the room reservation and the tour information.  
<Date>Apr 30, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>RIPPED OFF...but he who LAUGHS last, LAUGHS BEST I booked a room here for New Years...and then had to cancel as I couldn't get a flight out in time from Las Vegas. I called IN PLENTY OF TIME TO CANCEL, but the clerk did not give me a cancellation number. Then, believe it or not, the PLACE CHARGED MY CARD ANYWAY OVER $350.00, and was quite RUDE about it. When I told them I work at a NASCAR track and we send HUNDREDS of folks with traveling racing series to stay at area HAMPTON INNS...they could have CARED LESS.So, they GOT ME GOOD for over $350...but I'll have the LAST LAUGH as I'll be DAMNED if I send another sole to stay at a HAMPTON INNKeith Cochran, GREENVILLE, SC  
<Date>Apr 21, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but noisy Positives: The Hampton is in a great location. At 8th and 51st it is within walking distance of all Broadway shows, great if you love the theatre. Wicked, Putnam County Spelling Bee, Odd Couple, jersey Boys, and Hairspray, just to name a few, are less than a block away. Also, it's a few feet form two major subway stations that take you anywhere else you need to go in Manhattan. The rooms are large for NYC, and nicely furnished. The staff was friendly and accomodatiing. Breakfast is included, which helps the budget when you're traveling with a family. For Manhattan it's not expensive...for anywhere else it is (almost $250 a night by the time you add in taxes).Negatives: There was construction on their parking garage the 5 days we were there. Non-stop hammering noise started at 8 am and went to 6 pm. We were not warned about this in advance. One of our daughters was sick with the flu while there, and trying to rest with the nosie is impossible. The breakfast buffet is mediocre, and as it gets close to closing time they don't refill it. Also, the lines of people waiting to get into the breakfast area get longer in the 30 minutes before close.Would we stay there again? Yes, but I'd first make sure that no further renovations or construction is occurring.  
<Date>Apr 20, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not an average Hampton Inn This is a very upscale Hampton Inn and the prices reflect it. Good value for New York City, and the room is nice with upscale furniture, amenities and linens. Big room for the city as well. Great location. Service is a mixed bag. When we arrived and brought bags into the lobby, there was no help, and then someone came out from the office and yelled at my husband because he put his backpack down on a table while I was checking in. There was no cart, no one to help, and the clerk told us that that no one would be coming. However, the next morning, the bellman was extremely helpful and friendly.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>vallelde
<Content>Great little find! I had read many reviews on this hotel on line but was still skeptical of a Hampton Inn. The five star reviews were right on. The hotel is very clean and newly renovated. There is more than enough guest staff to assist you and they are all very accomodating and friendly. Rooms are good size. Not huge, but not small. Bathroom is very small but adequate and very clean. The hot breakfast was included and had many items. The breakfast room is spacious with a large flat screen tv and lots of staff ready to assist. I found a great orbitz rate ($242. for four including tax, breakfast, etc.). Location is safe and very convenient. Parking gargage is adjacent to the hotel and there is a daily (24 hour period )special rate of $26 when you stay at the hotel. Would definately recommend this hotel (especially for the theater district) or anything else for that matter..  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My new favourite NYC hotel We stayed here from March 23 thru the 28th. The location was ideal..close to all the theatres, Times Square, great restaurants, shopping...the room was quite large, clean and comfortable, the staff always friendly, and the buffet breakfast was very good with lots of variety. I loved the fact there was 24hr coffee,tea or hot chocolate in the lobby, as well as the large bowl of apples at reception. The homemade cookies every afternoon were also a wonderful touch. This hotel exceeded my expectations, and I would definitely stay here again. I have already recommended it to my friends back home.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Thoughtsfromhome
<Content>Loved it! Large room, two queen beds, clean and new. Friendly staff, complimen Loved it! We were just looking for a reasonable price (hard to find in Manhattan) and rooms bigger than a closet. Our room had two queen beds with plenty of room to move around. The hotel is newly remodeled, very nice and clean. The staff was friendly and helpful. Complimentary breakfast (not just coffee, juice and sweet rolls) and freshly baked, home made cookies every afternoon at the front desk. Nice touch! We visit NY once a year and this has now become our favorite place to stay. So many of the rooms in the NY hotels are tiny and we are never comfortable with them so this was a real treat. If they can keep their prices as reasonable as they are now, we will never stay anywhere else when visiting New York City. Can't think of one thing to complain about. It was a great find.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Top Class!!! Will only stay here whenever I come to New york again. Everything about the hotel was top class - location, value, cleanliness, breakfast, staff.... Highly recommended.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>thesearcher
<Content>Really pleased with the Hampton.... We were actually sent to the Hampton at the last minute because of a double booking by our agents.As it turned out this was probably a blessing. We were really pleased overall with the location; really handy to all things midtown. We were able to walk to most locations and public transport, buses, subway and taxis were all close by for trips downtown.The rooms and public areas were clean and in very good condition. We had two rooms which were spacious and well appointed. Breakfast was a real boon, not haute cuisine, but more than adequate.Yes, the lifts were a bit slow, but we were on the third floor (Fourth floor American) and so quite often just used the stairs.Above all, the staff were really helpful and really made you feel that they did appreciate your business.I would definitely use the Hampton again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>vlg11980
<Content>will only stay here from now on             view from room  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>charlotteguy
<Content>SUPER, SUPER, SUPER The hotel was outstanding. It is in a GREAT location and the free breakfast each morning is the best spread of food I have ever seen at a hotel. This is the only place I will stay at in New York City.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>BRLAAdventurer
<Content>Perfect for Times Square Stayed here five nights last week with the family. If you are looking for comfortable large beds (queen size), free hot breakfast, fairly new decor and surroundings, and convenience of location to Broadway and midtown attractions, look no further. The Hampton Inn North Times Square is wonderful, economical (for NYC), and quiet. (we stayed on the 8th floor). I researched numerous hotels for my vacation in NYC. I tried to find one that was convenient to the tourists attractions, not outrageously expensive, and was fairly new and spacious. I read previous comments from people who had stayed here and I felt that this location would fit my requirements. It didn't dissappoint! I will stay here again on my next trip!!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>carriem20
<Content>Perfect Myself and my boyfriend spent 3 nights in The Hampton Inn last week, and we must say we thought it was perfect. The location was great, close to Central Park, Broadway,Port Authority etc. We walked almost everywhere (only got the subway twice I think). The breakfast was good in the mornings and set us up for the day.The high speed internet access in the rooms was great as my boyfriend has his laptop.I had asked for a room at a high level, away from the street, and my requests were granted, so we slept soundly.Overall, we spent little time in the hotel, which is to be expected for NY, so for people looking for reasonably priced accomodation, which is clean and in a good location, we would definately recommend the Hampton Inn.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>RevLou
<Content>What a nice surprise! My wife and I stayed here from 2/16-2/21 over the Presidents' Day holiday weekend and we could not have been more pleased! The location puts you at only a short walk from Times Square, the Theatre District, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, etc. We had a king-study (#901) and could not get over the spaciousness and overall comfort of the room. The free high-speed internet was a major plus, as was the complimentary breakfast. (The food, served from 6-10AM is only OK, but plentiful - more than enough to get you started on your day. Watch out for the lines in the last 30-45 minutes, though!) Even more important, each and every member of the staff was smiling, courteous and polite - going out of their way to be helpful and accomodating. (We really appreciated the personal attention!) The only (small) drawback is that the hotel has only two elevators serving all 11 floors; so one needs to be patient at check-in/check-out times when waiting for the elevators to arrive. We will stay here again!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it This hotel was great the staff was great. The location was incredible. Just walk to everything. Train was just outside the door and times square was three blocks away.Also a very safe place that was important to me. We had a family of 6 and a two year old. It was A memorable trip thanks to this hotel. It was also cumfy and very clean. Thank you all of you. Laurie  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Island-Devil
<Content>We'll be back!! We arrived in NYC the day of the transit strike and it didn't interfere with our plans because of our hotel's great location. It's walking distance to Port Authority, Central Park, Rockefeller Center, all the major Broadway theatres, and Midtown attractions. Very attractive, comfortable, and clean room. Friendly efficient front desk staff. Good breakfast. Cookies in the evening and coffee/tea/cocoa all day was a nice touch.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful!!!!!!! This hotel was amazing in all aspects. The room had very comfortable beds and the decor was really nice. They had a great free buffet breakfast each day with hot and cold items. In addition, the staff was amazing, very kind and willing to do everything they could to make your stay enjoyable. Also, the location was superb, right in Times Square. Our stay at the Hampton Inn was very pleasant and we would most definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>definitely amazing me and my family really enjoyed staying at this hotel. the location was very good , only minutes away from times square and central park.our room was on 8th floor, the beds were big and quite comfy. we enjoyed the breakfast a lot ( with waffles,eggs,ham,cereals,muffins,cakes,fruit,tea,coffee,juices and milk )a lot , the staff were quite friendly.the room was clean,we didnt hv any problems with water/shower. probably the construction was over,so there wasnot much noise other than the usual traffic.i would definitely recommend this hotel and wld definitely stay when im back in ny  
<Date>Jan 26, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wanative57
<Content>Nice place with good breakfast and slowish elevators Stayed here for three nights a couple of weeks ago. It's just 1-3 blocks away from a couple of subway lines. Lots of restaurants in the area, plus a Rite-Aid drugstore nearby.The free breakfast was a nice feature. Eggs or waffles, sausage, cereals, bagels and pastries, fruit salad, milk, coffee, tea, juices, yogurt, and it was all you could eat.The rooms were clean and a larger size than normal for Manhattan.You could hear a lot of street noise (especially ambulances and sirens) from our 3rd-floor room, but that was the only major complaint.Nice place overall, wouldn't mind staying there again.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Bargain Just came back from a long weekend stay and tried this hotel and was pleasantly surprised. They must have just remodeled as everything looked fairly new. Can't beat the breakfast in the morning:) It was nice to have something in your stomach to start the day off and we only needed one real meal out. The staff was helpful too.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>loveUllapool
<Content>fantastic location stayed over the thanksgiving weekend. Hotel was extremely clean and in a fantastic location. Staff extremely helpful and friendly. Would stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cottonwood
<Content>Great deal for the money! I stayed at this hotel for two nights in January for a theater weekend. The location is excellent with all of the theaters in close proximity. The front desk staff was friendly and efficient upon check-in. I stayed in a room on the 10th floor in the back of the hotel. The room was very large per NYC standards with a king bed and a sitting area with a sofa (King study room category). The room was nicely appointed with a desk with complementary Internet access, coffee/tea service, closet with ironing board, and television with a wide selection of channels. The bathroom was small, but well-stocked with plenty of towels. I did not have a problem with water pressure or hot water availability as other posts have indicated. Both the bedroom and bath were clean and organized. The bed was very comfortable with a pillow topped mattress and soft bedding. I did notice some hallway noise if fellow guests slammed their room doors, but not after they entered their rooms. I did not notice noise from the construction of the building behind the hotel (perhaps because it was the weekend). The complementary breakfast was appealing as there were many options: hot foods(eggs, waffles, breakfast meats, instant oatmeal); cold foods (fruit, cereal, bagels, pastries); and beverages (coffee, tea, juices, milk). The breakfast area can be very crowded with fellow guests so be prepared for a short wait at times.For the price point (the rate was $170/nt), this hotel is a bargain in NYC considering the location, the size of the room, the free breakfast, and complementary Internet access. Many of the other NYC hotels provide the room only (and usually a small one at that!) so one must take into consideration the value of the complementary services the Hampton Inn provides. I would recommend this hotel for a convenient, cost-effective stay in the theater district. After all, what's to lose? Hampton Inn has a 100% satisfaction guarantee: if the staff fail to rectify any problem in a reasonable manner, the stay is free.  
<Date>Jan 16, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lasvegas-marmalade
<Content>Great hotel and convenient! We stayed here over New Year and were a little unsure of what to expect due to the diversity of reviews on this site. However,we were very pleasantly surprisd at the standard of the hotel. Very convenient for all the attractions, only a short walk from Times Square and a few minutes from Central Park. Our room was large, with a HUGE bed, well decorated, a wide screen TV, tea and coffee making facilities, iron and ironing board, room safe etc. The complimentary breakfast was very enjoyable and you could eat loads of fruit, cereals, hot dishes etc. There was also free packed breakfasts for those in a rush and free tea, coffee, hot chocolate, cookies and fruit all day long in the foyer. The hotel was very clean and all the staff friendly. I would highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for accomodation in the heart of the city.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>no hassles here Went to NYC during transit strike with trepidations about driving there. Parking next door, however, was a breeze: easy in and, upon leaving, easy out. Painless. No lugging bags down crowded sidewalks. The rooms were comparable to Hampton Inn's elsewhere in country. Modern, fairly spacious, and attractive. In room coffee maker, blow dryer, and complimentary toiletries are standard. Couldn't hear any hallway noises, but that may be partly because we travel with a white noise maker and earplugs.Free breakfast includes eggs, meats (vegetarian, so not sure about what kinds), fruit salad and fresh whole fruit, oatmeal, muffins, danishes, bread, juice and more. The woman who works the breakfast bar is a gem! So friendly and helpful, as were nearly all the staff. She's special though. There's also a free coffee, tea, hot chocolate during day in lobby.Lots of families, like ours, makes it feel less hectic and more casual. My parents (in their 60s) raved about it and will return here without shopping around. I would too and recommend it to others. We had $179/night (AAA discount) rate with just a month's notice. Unbelievable deal for its location on such short notice at Christmas time.  
<Date>Dec 24, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Comfortable and Convenient Stayed there with husband and two kids, ages 3 and 6, for one night. First time staying in New York. Rooms decent size. Bed and pillows very comfortable. Relatively clean, but there was a washcloth left from previous guest/maid hanging over curtain rod in bathroom. (I can easily understand how it was missed by housekeeping--it was up high and not able to be seen if the bathroom door is open.) Very convenient to Times Square and theaters. Nice staff. Parking convenient. We wanted to stay a 2nd night but they were booked, and we had to go to another hotel. That hotel made us see what a gem this one is.Would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nothing Fancy, but a Good Value I recently spent a couple of days at the Hampton Inn over the Thanksgiving Holiday with my wife and in-laws. The rooms were clean and relatively large compared to where we stayed the last time which was the Muse (which is nice but a little tight). The location is ideal if your plans involve seeing some shows. Two words of caution: First, try to get a room on the east side of the building. There is a building under construction on the adjacent lot and the construction workers on one day were a little noisy and began there day at 7am. The second issue I had was the receptionist could find the reservation I made through Hotels.com. It actually turned out to be a blessing because my father-in-law ended up paying a $100 less a night than I did.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great value, great location! I was pleasantly surprised with this hotel! We were in NYC just a few months ago at a boutique hotel that was so terrible, we thought we'd stick with a big franchise this time. The rooms were clean, the location was fabulous and the staff were very helpful. Throw in the free breakfast ( a real breakfast too...) and it was great value for NYC. We had four women in our room and ALL those shopping bags and we did fine. Granted, we were hardly ever in the room, but the beds were comfy and we felt really safe in the neighborhood. I'd highly recommend this hotel to anyone looking for a clean spot to rest in NYC.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nicely Redone--Surprisingly Convenient Location Stayed at the Hampton Inn--Times Square North for a couple of nights (November 10  11) when I extended my trip to NYC and had to find another place to stay.The renovation is complete--everything is fresh and new, and the rooms are a good size for NYC. Despite the construction site next door, the room was very quiet--mine faced away from 8th Avenue, so there wasn't much of a view. But I don't mind trading View for Quiet.Location was outstanding. Although just steps from the C  E Subway stations right on 50th Street  8th Avenue, I found better connections by taking a short walk to the stations on 49th/50th Streets off of Broadway and 7th Avenue.Lots of restaurants within an easy walk. The Hampton Inn's North of Times Square location enables you to easily walk to many Broadway Theaters without having to pass through the madness of Times Square itself. Conveniently, there's a Post Office right around the corner on 52nd Street.The Hampton Inn was not cheap--about $300 per night (after I swallowed my pride and used the Senior Rate for the first time in my life), but it was cheaper than the other Hampton Inns in town and even less expensive than the Apple Core Hotels (Red Roof Inn, Comfort Inn Midtown, etc). And I found it to be a nicer and better staffed hotel compared to the Hampton Inn down on 24th Street in Chelsea that I stayed at in 2003.So, if you don't mind paying $300 + for a Hampton Inn (yikes--but in High Season), I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this one.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>goingtosail
<Content>Hampton Inns are always great Stayed at the Hampton Inn Times Square North last weekend and as always, Hampton does a great job. Very large, clean room, very friendly staff, the best pillows and comfortable bed. I have stayed at Hamptons in small towns and now in NYC and they consistently do a great job. Highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hawkdog
<Content>Not as great as these reviews Stayed here 2 nights on November 1st and 2nd. Like the reviews mentioned, the hotel has been recently renovated. The common areas are nice. I had a room with 2 queens. The most disturbing thing about my room was that the floors and ceiling are not level. You can;t cover that up with fresh paint! The bathroom floor slanted about 3 inches in a 4 foot spread. I put a round tube of lotion on the sink counter area and it rolled off the counter. Carpet was also fairly dirty and somewhat stained. The shower/tub in my bathroom did not drain correctly and after about 3 minutes I was up to my ankles in water. Yuck! On the plus side, the rooms are decent size for NY and the free breakfast was decent. I would stay here again if it was under $200 a night, but I paid 289 and see the rates in the 349 range quite often. When I checked out I informed the gentleman at the front desk about the shower and he didn't even aplogize. He said he would make note of it! I feel bad for whoever gets that room next. I come to NY quite often on business and I know that this time of year it can be expensive, but this place is not worth the money.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2005
<Rating>3	1	2	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jim90068
<Content>Not for people checking in late! Despite a call ahead of time ( one day) and a confirmed reservation for a NONSMOKING room, when I arrived at midnight from a West coast afternoon flight, I was given a somewhat nicely decorated room. But the stench from the smoke!!! Arghhh!I marched downstairs, with reservation in hand, and was told, Sorry, we have NO non-smoking rooms left As I am allergic to smoke, and can break out in asthma within an hour of being in a room like that I refuesed to stay there. As I was waiting for them to find something for me two other guests showed up, were assigned rooms, and also came marching down to complain of their non-smoking room reservation, and smoking room assignment. They both accepted a rate reduction and a promise to move the next day. As that was not an option for me, after an hour, they located a non-smoking room down the street at the Hilton Garden Inn ( a lesser hotel). Originally they were to 'walk me' for one night only, and I indicated that it was not possible for me to transfer during the day as I had business all day intl the late hours the next day. They agreed to let me stay at the HGI for two nights.MIND YOU THESE HOTELS WERE CHARGING $350/nite + NYC Taxes that brought it to nearly $400 a night. NO WAY JOSE  
<Date>Nov 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great hotel, friendly staff stayed in october 2005. this is a great hotel and rooms just as nice as a upscale hotel. The location is perfect. Nice bar on the next street. Hotel staff were very friendly and accomodating. Can't wait to visit again next year. Hope they keep their rates the same.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place I would well recommend Hampton Inn to anyone going to New York. Hotel was fab, location was great, staff were friendly, rooms were perfect and the breakfast in the morning was just superb. Just what you need to set you up for a day packed full of shopping and sight seeing. I will certainly stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a Great Place?? I  my three 50 something girlfriends went to New York Sept. 29th for 3 nights at the Hampton Inn. at 8th  51st. It couldn't have been better. The hotel is owned by Hilton  you'd think it was a Hilton!! The hotel had just been refurbished and was really clean  beautiful with QUEEN- sized beds for the 4 of us to share instead of doubles. We received a FREE buffet breakfast every morning (even gave it to us on check-in day because we were there early enough) The staff was really great. We walked everywhere we could with Times Square only a few blocks away. I'd recommend the new show called NAKED GIRL ON THE APPIAN WAY. We all laughed out-loud at that one. Also saw Matt Bogaart in a festival play (he's our favorite). We voted the TAO the favorite restaurant (BEAUTIFUL like a Vegas casino). We did go to China Town (we each had to purchase an extra bag to get all the new goodies we purchased there on the airplanes.(GREAT PURSES) if you know where to go. We took the tour of Greenwich Village on Sunday Afternoon. I wasn't a real fan of such things but would have called it a cultural tour with some great food and would highly recommend it. We took to BEAST out to view the Statue of Lib. (what a Blast!!). Also did the TODAY show  got some great photos.Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nathanfromparis
<Content>Loved it !       Me in my room #1018  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>amw1000
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights at the end of September. I was in New York for a work conference and the hotel was excellently located just two blocks over from the venue. I was coming to New York at short notice and had looked for a standard no-trims hotel for less than USD 300. I couldn't find anything that didn't look roach infested so settled with paying USD 385 per night at the Hampton Inn. This is way too much for this hotel (NY's high hotel prices notwithstanding) but at the same time I was getting desperate and I ended up being pleasantly surprised. The common areas of the hotel were clean and welcoming enough, the staff were extremely polite, friendly and helpful, the room was huge with a super comfortable bed, super clean bathroom (with nice shower/bath) and really good facilities for working - a big desk with wireless internet access. I had a very nice stay there. The only draw back was the breakfast - the breakfast room is overlit - glaringly bright lights and the food selection is pretty abismal. Plastic plates and knives and forks add to the tackiness - not to mention being extremely environmentally unfriendly!  
<Date>Oct 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>atcguy
<Content>Great hotel!!! Jusr returned from a visit at this hotel. Hotel is completely renovated with clean comfortable rooms. Good breakfast and great location. Paid $225 a night AAA rate. Just wish it had a pool/hot-tub to relax sore legs from walking around NYC.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>TravelingUSA
<Content>Great Hotel Although in September 2005, the rates are no longer as inexpensive as they were in August, we thoroughly enjoyed our stay at the Hampton Inn. The room was very nicely furnished with a flat screen TV, nice modern furniture and was quite large for NYC. The bathroom had marble counters but was small. The bed was extremely comfortable. The room was quiet with no street noise or noise from other guests. The staff was pleasant and efficient. The free breakfast was very impressive with scrambled eggs, bacon, fresh fruit, as well as the usual continental offerings. It was nice to grab a quick breakfast and be off for a day of sightseeing. The location is good. You're a few short blocks from the heart of Times Square. The concierge recommended Ciro Trattoria for dinner. It was excellent. Would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nice hotel, renamed Hampton Inn just returned from a trip to New York having stayed for two nights at the above..now renamed Hampton Inn..just in case u get lost looking for it!All in all very nice hotel..in the last throws of being renovated but that didn't affect our stay at all..rooms are excellent and are clean..high speed ADSL complimentry if u have a laptop with u is a bonus too..(stayed in a Business King at æ‹¢87 per night, per room)..service can't be faulted..friendly  professional..even when I got drunk and locked us out of our room!Breakfast included is typically American but enough choice for all..no lunch or dinner at the time but ur in New York..eat out!Location is perfect with Times Square, Theatre District etc just a few blocks away..getting there: get an airport shuttle bus from the airport (we went from La Guardia $12 dollar each one way or get roundtrip for $21 straight to the hotel doors)I would recommend anyone visiting New York to take a look at this good priced hotel with an ideal location  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old reviews are no longer accurate We stayed at what used to be the Ho Jo's Plaza and is now a Hampton Inn from August 9-11. After reading some of the reviews I was skeptical about the hotel. I only booked there because I needed two beds for the four of us. The price was right at $159 a night so I booked it thinking we wouldn't spend much time in the hotel anyway. I was so pleasantly surprised to arrive at a very clean hotel. The whole stay from start to finish was great. The staff was friendly and helpful. I requested a renovated room, but didn't need to because they are all now renovated. The room was large (for NYC standards) with two very comfortable queen beds (hard to find in NYC) and very nicely decorated. The location of the hotel was also great... close to Times Square, many of the theatres and one block from the subway. Another big plus: free breakfast and very reasonable parking rates ($24 a night). The breakfast was far better than the typical continental breakfast with some hot food, fresh fruit, and a nice selection of other items. Kids under 18 (which I had two of) also stayed free. This place was such a bargain... I'd stay there again in a New York minute.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fantastic place to stay in New York Last week we enjoyed a 5-night stay at the Howard Johnson Plaza Hotel (which is now a Hampton Inn, as we discovered when we arrived, though it was still listed as the former when we made our reservation about a month earlier.) We were extremely pleased with our experience at this hotel. Our room was newly renovated, pristine, and modern, as were the lobby, hallways and breakfast room. A bit of hammering could be heard on some mornings, and on our last morning the elevators were being worked on, but otherwise there were no visible signs of ongoing renovation work. An included breakfast was available each morning, with a very good selection of hot and cold foods and drinks. The location of the hotel is great -- easy walking distance to Broadway, Times Square, Central Park, and lots of restaurants. We would definitely choose this hotel again if the price stays affordable!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>toddling40
<Content>No Longer Hojo...this is a GREAT Hampton Inn! Wow. And again, wow. What a difference a few weeks apparently makes.I checked into the hotel on Monday afternoon, August 8th. The new lobby is absolutely beautiful. They are still completing a few touches, but it's mostly done. The only thing that I saw that still needed work was the wallpaper around the elevators.Check-in was pleasant. The clerks aren't the smiling sort, but they are efficient and businesslike. I checked in at quarter to three, and my room was ready.I went on upstairs. 8th floor, rear of the building. My god, these rooms are HUGE by New York City standards. The room fashions were very nice. There is a coffeemaker w/coffee and tea, a nice new flat screen (not plasma, just a big TV with a nice flat screen), and even a nice new little bed tray. The furnishings were all brand new. The beds were absolutely sumptuous; good mattress, sheets, faux suede comforter, and 3 pillows on each of the 2 queen beds. There really is no view to speak of; there is a construction site on 52nd behind the hotel, and there is a bit of afternoon construction noise...but it was done by 5. And after that, the room was bilssfully quiet. The a/c fan has 3 speeds...the highest makes for wonderful white noise.The bathroom is a tad small, but it's still also very nice and pleasantly new. It was well-equipped, and the new Hampton toiletries are very good; lightly scented and fresh.The hotel's breakfast is extended continental and one of the best I've ever seen of this type. There was a great selection of breads and pastries, fresh fruit, eggs, canadian bacon, and hot (great tasting!) biscuits. There were 2 attendants, and they were very friendly and helpful. The coffee is available right outside the breakfast room 24/7, along with hot water and a selection of Bigelow teas.The hotel has a small fitness center with new equipment. There's no (well, at least I didn't see one...) business center, but there is free high-speed wired internet in the rooms and wireless in the lobby and the breakfast room.The location is great. It's a hop, skip, and a jump (just 8 short blocks) to Columbus Circle and the SW corner of the Park, and it's literally right on the NW edge of the theater district; just 10 short blocks north of Times Square.I paid $187/night on a State Government Employee rate; I would have been just as pleased with the hotel's regular rates, just over $200. It's a steal by New York City standards. I will definitely make this my New York home away from home...no hesitation!  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely worth staying After all of the bad reviews it was with trepidation that we arrived at the HOJO on 8th Avenue. We shouldn't have worried. Most of the renovation is now complete. The rooms are imaculate, lovely bedding and very comfortable. The corridors still need renovation, but that is only cosmetic. The front foyer was almost complete and will be lovely when finished. As an added bonus, the Hilton Group took over the hotel during our stay. It is now a Hampton Inn with the added bonus of a breakfast room, 24 hour beverage facilities, coffee machine in the room, hairdryer etc.We would have no hesitation in returning.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Wonderful After reading the reviews of the other users we were a little bit apprehensive about going here. Let me tell you, it would have been a mistake if we hadn't. From the moment we checked in our experience was met with a warm friendly smile. Although they were working on a complete overhaul of the building, everyone working there made it a point to not get in the way of any of the guests. The rooms were immaculate and an Ikea heaven!!! The location couldn't be beat either. If you are going to New York to go to shows and want to be a few (4 or 5) blocks away from Time Square, this is the place to stay!!!The only thing I would watch out for is the elevator on the right...it sometimes jumps when going down!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gillou29
<Content>Hotel trçŒ«s bien situèŒ…       Notre chambre è„¿ l'Hampton Inn  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>pakka13
<Content>hotel è„¿ recommander   showReview(23060127, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MCarmenReus
<Content>Excelente relaciè´¸n calidad-precio para un 3 estrellas   showReview(22844494, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pourquoi aller ailleurs   showReview(20551953, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(20551952, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon rapport qualitèŒ… prix   showReview(20551954, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel bien situèŒ… et confortable   showReview(20551951, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>OTTIMO!!!   showReview(20551949, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une trçŒ«s bonne adresse dans New-York   showReview(20551950, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jannerBretagne
<Content>Situation idèŒ…ale       Chambre double donnant sur le cä¹ˆtèŒ… de l'hä¹ˆtel  
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>DèŒ…cu par cet hotel   showReview(19633230, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon rapport qualitèŒ…/prix. Petits dèŒ…jeæ²¡ners copieux.   showReview(19633229, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>da consigliare soprattutto alle famiglie   showReview(19633228, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>é”›æŽžç´¨é…å‚žæž”éŠ†ä½µäºœéŠ‡ã‚ƒä»¹éŠˆå‚˜åéŠ‰ç¬ºå„éŠ‰ç¬ºâ‚¬?#x201d;   showReview(19915051, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TrçŒ«s bon rapport qualitèŒ… / prix : satisfaits + è„¿ recommander   showReview(18532162, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un hä¹ˆtel bien situèŒ…...   showReview(18532161, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>bimbaindia
<Content>Veramente Ottimo   showReview(18283659, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

