<Author>lovestylishhotels
<Content>Can truly recommend this hotel This is a very modern, elegant and stylish hotel in a great location. Closest tube station is London Bridge, only 4 minutes' walk from hotel. There is a Cafe Nero, MS food and a Pret-a-manger in the immediate vicinity of the hotel along with a cash point, very convenient! Staff at reception were very helpful and check-in very efficient, allowing us to check in very early, 11AM, and kind enough to arrange for late check-out free of charge the following day. Concierge couldn't have been more helpful. Rooms elegantly furnished, chairs and bed extremely comfortable, no street noise at all. Iron and hair-dryer provided. Bathroom nicely designed with modern fixtures and lovely Crabtree  Evelyn toiletries but I missed having a separate shower cubicle, as standing in the shower tub was rather uncomfortable. Hotel lobby and attached bar beautiful, comfortable and informal with very welcoming bar staff. There is also a small gym suite on the 3rd floor. Breakfast was a real treat with excellent fresh fruit, very good service and a wide range of choice. Make sure you have one of those delicious pancakes with fresh berries, whipped cream and golden syrup freshly prepared in front of your eyes! If you chose not to have dinner in the hotel restaurant, there is a very nice Strada just 3 minutes' walk, right on the river with wonderful views of Tower Bridge at night; food was very good.No complaints at all and would definitely return to this hotel. Highly recommended for both business and leisure travellers.  
<Date>Jan 7, 2009
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Litetraveller
<Content>Super stay at the Hilton Stayed for only one night (unfortunately) to celebrate my husbands birthday. The location of the hotel is wonderful and ideal for our planned visit to the Tate Modern.We were upgraded to an executive room which was well appointed and although we did not have a view other than to the inside of the Ernst  Young offices opposite this was not a problem. A short stroll from the hotel further into More London provides a superb photo opportunity of Tower Bridge.The staff were a delight, telephoned the room to check that we were satisfied and laid on a complimentary birthday cake which was delicious. Compliments to the Pastry Chef!The Hilton breakfast was outstanding (as usual) but there were also lots of other choices of foods that I have not seen at other Hiltons in the UK.The Ruba bar albeit expensive was a lovely environment for a night cap following a very good meal at the nearby Graucho.If you are planning a trip to this part of London stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge. I am sure you will not regret it.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>milky1966
<Content>O2 trip Have stayed at this Hotel twice once on business and the other for a gig at the O2 arena. Hotel is new and a 100yds or so from London bridge station. SO is convenient for anywere on the Northern or Jubilee lines. There is no direct river view from the room but it is only 20yds from the river (Next to HMS Belfast) Its a few stops on the tube from the O2 arena so really convenient for that. Couldnt fault the place really enjoyed it  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TravellerFrequent
<Content>Fantastic help with a very difficult request I am planning to take my partner to London for his birthday on Dec 26. About a month ago, booked the hotel (using my points), flights, and a play. Then last week, I started to look at restaurants for the dinner, and this is when the saga started. I was initially booked at the Trafalgar and called the concierge to ask for advice for the restaurant. The concierge asked me to send him an email. Days passed, I never heard back. I called again, asking for help. Was promised to be called back, and never was called back. I was very dissatisfied with the lack of service, and switched to the Waldorf. The concierge there explained to me that Dec 26 is a Boxing Night so most places are closed. He gave me one suggestion, but when I called the resto they were closing too early. So I called again, and talked to another concierge who asked me five times for my phone number to call me back. At one point, I told him that the phone number he wrote down was not correct but at the second try it turns out it was. Then I had to hear from the concierge that the number was correct to begin with and why did I tell him it was not. I was shocked but thought it was funny and said ''I apologize for confusing. I hope you can accept my apology.'' He said it was OK, promised to call me back and NEVER DID!After having lost hours looking for a resto by myself, I got angry at both hotels and switched to the Hilton Tower Bridge, hoping that the hotel reviews are in line with expectations. When I called the concierge, Muhammet, he was FANTASTIC: helpful, attentive and most importantly knowledgeable. He immediately suggested two places, one close to the hotel and the other close to the theater. I eventually called the second place and they were lovely on the phone, simply lovely. Muhammet's help saved my hours of search and axiety, and to me represents the standard of care that one would expect from a Hilton hotel.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bulldogPortsmouth_UK
<Content>Perfect stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge My wife and I stayed for two nights at the Hilton Tower Bridge in Dec 2008. The Hotel is new and excellently placed being a 2 minute walk from London Bridge Tube. The Hays Glalleria is close offering places to eat and drink. A MS food outlet is durectly opposite the Hotel which is handy for a snack. The Shipwrights Arms pub is all close (traditional London Pub). The London deungeon, Tower Bridge and HMS Belfast are alla 2min walk away. The staff were very friendly and helpfull. The room was bright, modern and clean. The bathroom was larger than expected. The breakfast (included in price) was the best I have seen with a choice of cooked, fruit, toast, doughnuts etc etc. We would go out of our way to stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>DutchJerry
<Content>Loved Hilton Tower Bridge!       The room  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ScottNorwich
<Content>Good location       Santa on his Vespa  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>mattfxBristol_UK
<Content>Really nice (if short) stay Used HH points for a one night, mid-week stay. Im Gold VIP so was delighted to get an instant upgrade to an executive room on the 12th floor with lounge access. Everything taken care of quickly before we left for some sightseeing. I should say that we were able to check into our room at about 1:00pm. Drinks and canapes in the lounge were excellent, followed by the dinner we had just over the plaza at Gauchos. Had comp breakfast in the lounge the following morning which was as good as any Ive had in a business lounge, probably better. This property is modern and cool, we liked it a lot and would happily pay to come back. Although its pricey if your actually paying, I love this bit of London, especially if you are staying mid-week as it is very busy and active. No views from the hotel really, but a 100 yards away is a really iconic view over the Thames to Tower Bridge and The City. Great Hotel, great location just a short walk from the tube (Jubilee Line really is the best).  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Rambler
<Content>Great Location We stayed at the Hilton London Bridge for two nights in December 2008. The main purpose of the trip was to see a concert at the O2. Coming from Newcastle upon Tyne, this hotel stands at the junction of the Northern Line from Kings Cross and the Jubilee Line to O2 so it was a perfect stop for us.The hotel itself is new, modern and efficient. It has a corporate feel rather than 'that London feeling' but there's a better atmosphere than the nearby Canary Wharf Hilton. The room was spaciaous and well equipped but there was no hotel information pack and no dressing gowns. The towels were a little frayed also - no excuse for this. Otherwise, very good and comfortable beds as well.We got dinner on the first night in the package. For free, it was fine, but it wasn't nearly as good as the dinner at the Waldorf Hilton (which we've had previously on the same sort of deal).Good news is,there are plenty of other eateries just nearby if you'd prefer.This is a far better location all 'round than we'd thought.You can easily walk to Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, the Tate Modern, Borough Market, London Dungeon etc. The West End is only minutes away on the Jubilee Line to Green Park. The surrounding area has some great new buildings as well as a bit of history as well. Not quite the buzz of the Waldorf Hilton, but pleasant and well worth the money.At present, there is some construction in the building next door. It didn't affect our stay at all but if you're there Mon-Fri, it might. Try this place now as I can see prices going up once the construction stops and right now, I'd say it's good value.  
<Date>Dec 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	2	

<Author>FlyingPillow
<Content>Will stay at Hilton Tower Bridge again I stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge Hotel for a weekend holiday. I considered many other options, but chose this hotel for three reasons: 1) The proximity of an Underground station (Jubilee and Northern line at London Bridge is only two or three hundred metres away), 2) Value/price, 3) Hotel quite recently built (2006 I believe). Although service at the front desk was efficient, I had to wait almost two hours to have my room available (at 1500 hours)! As this was not a business trip and I had planned to have a late lunch and a walk, this posed no problem for me, but other travellers would be advised to check in advance for the possibility for early check-in, should they arrive earlier.The room was in excellent condition, clean and with sober furnishing. As noted by other reviewers, the bed provided excellent comfort.Breakfast was nothing special, but the quality was clearly above average for a 4-star hotel. I particularly liked the selection of _fresh_ fruits and berries (in December!)Overall, service was fast and efficient and staff courteous. I managed to get a good deal including breakfast, so I do not agree that rates are high if you compare with comparable hotels in London, quite the opposite. However, I do agree with a prior reviewer as to the fee for WiFi access. 15 GBP for 24 hours is NOT OK, especially when chains like Radisson offer free WiFi access.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>stanhoBerkeley_CA
<Content>Good hotel if you don't mind PAYING The hotel is located conveniently next to London Bridge rail and tube. The immediate area consists of offices, some shops and a nice promenade along the river. Very modern building and decor, nice lobby and bar. The room was large and comfortable with well positioned desk, armchairs, tea/coffee. Bathroom quite all right although once cannot plug a hair drier in the bathroom. Room was very quiet (and I am really particular about this) with a gorgeous view on an office building across a narrow lane. Since I could see very well what was going on in the office I think it also works in the other direction. Food in the restaurant was quite nice.Although the hotel seems to cater to business travelers it does not accommodate them. WiFi is available for GBP15 which is a total ripoff. Even the business center with a watchful receptionist offers a computer for GBP3 for 15 minutes. This is really out of line.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	5	3	3	1	

<Author>trb0187
<Content>2nd anniversary in London Husband  I stayed at the hotel for our 2nd wedding anniversary. The location was excellent, unbeatable. It was very close (within 5 minutes walking) of a few major attractions, London Tower Bridge, HMS Belfast, London Dungeon ......The hop on, hop off buss' are the best. We basically used them as taxi's for the 3 days we were there.Hotel was clean, a little too modern for me. Staff was decent. We didnt eat at the hotel so can't comment on the food. I would stay here again if I got another super deal on prices!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mfollo
<Content>Loved the Hilton Tower Bridge Hotel This hotel was terrific! First of all the location was very convenient, a 2 min. walk to the London Bridge Underground Station which connects you to everywhere you might want to go in London. We arrived very early and were given our room within the hour, which was extremely helpful after a long flight. Breakfast was included in our price and it was easily the best hotel breakfast I have ever had, lots of choice for all tastes and all beautifully presented in a smart,clean dining room. The room itself was a good size, modern decor with a good sized, very modern and clean bathroom...all that was lacking was a good view from the window, perhaps higher floors would give that. The staff was curteous and very helpful . There was a business centre with 2 computers for guest use, however we did have to purchase cards to access the internet ( 5 punds for 1 hr , which was reasonable, but I do think it should be free as many hotels now offer that)...shops nearby and walking distance to the Tower bridge and the London Tower itself,, as well as the London Dungeon. The area around the hotel was nice, clean and felt safe. Overall would definitely stay there again and recommend this hotel for couples, business trip or families with older children.  
<Date>Nov 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>JBMaryland
<Content>Great hotel My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 3 nights and were impressed with the amenities and comfort of the room. We arrived several hours early and were given early check in. The bed was comfortable and the rooms very quiet; we slept very well.We didn't eat in the hotel restaurant as it seemed expensive compared to other restaurants in the area. There are 2 coffee shops right outside the hotel, a Marks and Spencer Simply Food grocery store, and a number of restaurants within walking distance. Tower Bridge metro station is a 5 minute walk.The only reason I'm not giving this review 5 stars is that wifi was not included with our room. It was available but pricey (I think $15 pounds per day).We got a reduced rate of $99 pounds per night by staying 3 nights, and it seemed like a bargain by US standards.  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	3	

<Author>mcgahat
<Content>Nice Hotel in Decent Location To start I booked my stay (over rememberance weekend) using points and I am Hilton Honors Diamond.Check in was quick and efficient. Our room was not ready but we were able to use the exec lounge while waiting. We did step out to have some lunch at a Thai restaurant across the street, Surchard (or similar to that name) but it was only average and slighty expensive. When we got to the room was pleasanty surprised with a very modern looking and although slightly small room but still very modern and well appointed. We did have lunch in the bar area one day and the service was good and price was not bad for a hotel. Evening drinks in the lounge was nice and although busy never too full and the liquor offerings were good. Lounge breakfast was basic but did have some eggs and bacon each morning so a few hot items.There are a few restaurants in the area, the two we dined at and liked quite a bit where http://www.dimt.co.uk/ and http://www.strada.co.uk/ which are located right behind the hotel and nice view of the tower bridge. There are also several nice looking restaurants and bars that are on the tower bridge road but we did not try any of those. Also, the HM Belfast is right behind the hotel as well and it was nice that we got to take the tour of the ship and it made it even better since it was rememberance weekend.For transportation to the hotel we just took the tube. It took about one hour but with the oyster card it was 3.50gbp to Heathrow on the way tot he hotel and only 2.00GBP on the way back since it was off peak. I am sure there may be quicker ways to the airport but the price was right! From the airport just take the piccadilly line to the jubilee line and transfer at green park. Pretty easy. Green park does not have escalators but has elevators if you have much luggage.In closing, definitely would like to stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kev1983
<Content>still good but few small problems stayed hear for one night before catching a early train with euro star.have stayed hear many times and don't usually find any faults, however on this occasion i was a little disappointed with our room, was a deluxe witch is in its self very nice but ours had a nasty stain on the floor by the mini bar and a big stain on the surface in the bathroom,, the public areas however still look spotless, we were departing before breakfast began so the reception did arrange a basket to be delivered to our room at no extra cost witch was a nice touch, in all id say this hotel is still good but some of the rooms are starting to show signs of ware  
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>4	3	2	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>Jamezon
<Content>Great hotel, good location, horrible price!       View from roof terrace (2)  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>4	2	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>Dubskin
<Content>mixed bag I stayed at the Hilton London Tower Bridge for three nights. While I booked an Executive Room on the Hilton website I was only offered a room on a standard floor as the hotel apparently does not have a smoking room on the 9th floor. The hotel is relatively new but unfortunately the room showed already signs of wear and tear. The worktop had water stains and scratches and the wall had a significant stain on it, it also featured a tiny LCD TV. The Executive Lounge is adequate but does fill up quickly. The food selection is limited but the beverages are fine. The rate included breakfast which was a good assortment of hot and cold options. Staff were largely friendly but at check in the staff were totally unfamiliar with the rate (and the attached perks i.e. late check out). It struck me as most peculiar that the turn down service would remove uneaten chocolates from the previous day. Apparently customers are only to have one at any given time. All in all the Hilton London Tower Bridge is a well designed hotel, especially the common areas. The rooms are relatively small and but feature the usual array of facilities. The bed is not the biggest but adequate. The bathroom was well stocked and modern (but even here things were starting to fall apart). 拢 15 per day for internet access is a complete rip off, so is the mini bar. Service was limited with no luggage service on offer at check in.Would I stay here again? Probably not as there are better, cheaper and more central options available.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	1	3	

<Author>laurafp
<Content>Great Weekend Getaway       The stained worktop :(  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	3	5	5	3	

<Author>jingamells
<Content>Weekend Break with partner Booked a two night stay over a weekend direct with the hotel.Fantastic stay on every account! Easy, brisk check in. Superb room and a very good breakfast which set us off for the day both times. Reasonably priced as booked non-flexible room as knew we would definatly be going that weekend.Didnt use the restaurant as often with chain hotels meals are pricey compared to surroundings.All in all an excellent stay.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>racheljohn
<Content>Brilliant Break Stayed here for two nights and wished we could have stayed longer. Fast check even though we were 3 hours early our room was ready. Room modern and very clean, toiletries in the bathroom to die for! Only one little complaint that there was only one english tea t-bag on the complimentary tray, 10 other t-bags were all herbal ones! Breakast was very good all waiters very attentive as were all the staff. We found the location good, tube only 5 mins away. Although hotel seemed quite busy did not hear any other guests when in our room. Would definately go back.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>g8trjasonb
<Content>Great Hotel I used some of my Hilton Honors points to stay here for 3 nights in October. I was put on the Executive floor with full access to the Executive Lounge. The hotel has a very modern interior design and the rooms are very nice. I have seen many Hilton Executive Lounges and this may have been the best yet. The food was tasty and the lounge was a pleasant place to just hang out. Two computers were available for all guests to use. The location of the hotel is good, not great. As you might suspect, you can walk to the Tower Bridge and the Tower of London on the north bank. A tube station is a short 5 minute walk away. The little Thai restaurant across the street was also quite tasty.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SchueyMalaysia
<Content>Slow Service and Overpriced Stayed at the executive floor for a week, while attending a conference at the same hotel. Check in was slow, but the staff was friendly. I requested for the hotel to bring my luggages to the room but by the time I left my room 15 min later, the luggages have yet to arrive, eventhough it was not a busy season. Ofcourse when I came back in the evening, they have arrived safely.The room was very contemporary, large and comfy. However, the towels were very worn out. I just can't figure out why they don't bother to at least invest in good towels, given the expensive room rates that they are charging. The hotel added a good touch by giving little fridge magnets of famour landmark of London, instead of the usual choc., daily, at the bedside. However, as I stayed there for 1 week, I did end up bringing a lot of magnets home!Had dinner at the restaurant there once and will never go back again, as the food was the worst I had in my entire 2 weeks stay in UK! They also mixed up our order and the food arrived very late. The service was also generally very slow and the staff were not attentive. On the final day when I checked out, again, the staff took forever to bring my luggages to the counter! Location-wise, it is not so suitable for tourist eventhough there is a tube station nearby. I'd rather stay somewhere nearer towards Marble Arch area, as the hotel is located at the biz district. It is rather quiet at night, with limited activities to do.  
<Date>Oct 12, 2008
<Rating>2	1	4	2	4	2	1	4	

<Author>essjaylincoln
<Content>Silver Wedding Break Stayed for our 25th Wedding Anniversary the hotel gave us a free upgrade to an exec room.The staff were an absolute pleasure,always courteous and extremely helpful.The room was perfect.The location for Tower Bridge,Millennium Wheel Tate Modern etc.was spot on,we even walked to Covent Garden by the river.Overall a pleasure to stay at this hotel.We will go back.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Yankybrit
<Content>Modern, clean and good service Enjoyed a one night stay at this new Hilton. Service was excellent from all staff. We had to pay extra for the breakfast, but it was worth it. Great pancakes! Lovely quiet, modern rooms, although no view of the river or Tower Bridge.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>nstar612
<Content>Good Business Hotel I stayed here for two nights using my HHonors points. During check-in, I wasn't offered upgrade to executive floor due to lack of vacancy. However, I was offered free breakfast because I am a Gold member.The hotel is located just down the street from London Dungeon. I had originally booked the hotel thinking that it would be a good base to explore the Tower of London and other attractions on the other side of the London. However, time and time I find myself going back to the Trafalgar Square area. There are some shops next to the hotel and as well as a Mark  Spencer market right next door. Tower of London is a quick 15 minutes walk across the bridge.The room itself is very modern looking and clean. The breakfast is great with many selections. If I do visit London again, I probably wouldn't come back here because of the location. But overall, it's still a very nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Max_Wayfarer
<Content>Business Hotel with Boutique Feel Wins On Location  As a dedicated Hilton HHonors member this hotel has become my Hilton of choice in the London area.Location: 5/5. A 5 minute walk from London Bridge tube (subway) and rail station on the Jubilee line. The hotel is an excellent starting for a first visit to the city. London's large and relatively efficient public transit is well known, but this is real a walker's city. For any moderately fit person who enjoys using their feet, many famous sites are all within a 10 to 20 minute stroll west of the hotel, including all the Southbank attractions (Tate Modern, Shakespeare's Globe, etc). You can walk across the Thames to the Tower of London via the iconic Tower Bridge or to St Paul's Cathedral via the pedestrian Milennium Bridge. There are so many places to eat in this area from Indian to Thai to traditional pubs it's a wonder the hotel restaurant stays in business! A Boots pharmacy/drug store (Hays Galleria) and a Marks  Spencer food outlet are steps from the hotel.Hotel: 5/5A recent multi-million dollar refurbishment (less than 2 years old at the time of this post) has paid off. The strikingly modern and contemporary design of the lobby and rooms gives the property an upscale boutique feel which lessens the bland business ambience of a big name chain hotel.Staff: 4/5Mostly good, hard working young folks for the most part. You will rarely meet any real Londoners at Hilton properties in the city. The company brings these kids in from all over Europe and staff standards can vary. I would say good business standard efficiency with an acceptable degree of warmth probably sums up my experience here.Price/Value: 3/5After such a positive review, you'd think I'd rate this higher, but despite several visits here I still suffer sticker shock particularly as a Canadian (dollars to pounds has been around 2:1 the last few years). My foregoing the location, newness and upscale chic feel of this hotel you can save real money staying elsewhere. For Hilton HHonors members try the Hilton Metropole, a short walk from Paddington Station and less expensive the the Hilton Paddington or the also newly refurbished Hilton Kensington. That being said, if you can score a good deal, this is one of the best places to stay in London among the big brand hotels.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Lormah
<Content>May be a bit Expensive but Go for It, It is Really Worth It This hotel is expensive but it is worth every penny. We were in London for a short break of 4 nights and we wanted a nice hotel near a tube station. The hotel is in a kind of upmarket complex with the following outside the hotel door: 2 fabelous new coffee shops, a lovely marks and spencers, a champagne bar. Accross the road are 2 lovely pubs which is very handy if you just want to pop accross the road for a drink. It is under 5 minutes walk to the tube station - London Bridge is the tube station.The hotel itself I would give 5/5 on every aspect of it. We stayed in a standard room and went for the breakfast package, it worked out at around 260 stg per night including tax and breakfast which is expensive but i'd say you wont regret it if you decide to stay here. The rooms are gorgous, fresh, modern and stylish. The bathrooms are lovely and they give you Evelyn and Crabtree toileteries which are nice, not the usual horrible cheap ass stuff you get in alot of places! The breakfast selection is huge, i mean really good. There are all sorts of healthy options along with your usual fry up stuff. And all the food compartments are constantly stocked up and the restaurant staff like all staff here are super. Great breakfast. There is a cocktail bar in the hotel aswell so you can have a lovely cocktail at teh end of an evening. I would highly recommend this hotel. As I say, expensive but very very good. A lovely pleasant experiene in every way, could not fault anything about it. It may be a bit expensive but if you look at tripadvisor a lot of the more city centre hotels of 4 or 5 star are nearly as expensive and have not great reviews. this is genuine good value for money. You get everything you pay for here.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>calster
<Content>Cool new hotel Since my friend frequently indulges me perks from his Diamond status with Hilton, he guilted me into this crazy quick 4 night stay in London where we stayed at a different Hilton property each night to maintain his status.This was my favorite of the four. Cool sleek design, very corporate now look and clean...like German clean. Although the hotel was full, it was an oasis of calm.The room was typical European size, small, but functional. The bed was comfortable. Since the rooms are smaller than the typical American room, we had twin beds. A bit tough with my 6'4 frame, but nonetheless adequate. The gym is o.k. You need to get an extra key that lasts only 24 hours from either the Executive or front desk. Did not try the restaurant, as there are several upscale options in the area. During the weekend, it was very quiet since the office buildings were closed. It is located about a 3 minute walk from the Tube station. It is walkable to Vinopolis, the Tate Modern, Southwark Cathedral and of course Tower Bridge. Very nice stroll along the southside of the Thames even in February. The upgrade to the Executive Level was particularly sweet as the self-pour drinks saved us a bunch of cash and from the very weakly-poured (I guess normal pour) European drinks. Breakfast was adequate with a nice continental selection and one warm dish.  
<Date>Sep 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>LollyExeter
<Content>Loved it, loved it, loved! My boyfriend and I have just returned from a 2 night stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge and we can not recommend it enough.As it was my birthday during the stay they upgraded our room for free, which gave us access to the executive lounge, where you could help yourself to a fantastic breakfast in the morning, afternoon tea in the afternoon, then drinks on the terrace for 3 hours in the evening. All this was free of charge. we even had complimentary strawberries and melted dark and white chocolate brought to our room for a birthday treat. Staff at this hotel were extremely friendly and couldn鈥檛 help enough, they really made you feel at home.Our room was perfect, really spacious, spotlessly clean, we had fresh towels every day and chocolates on our pillows at night. The bed was the most comfortable bed ive even slept on, with plenty of fluffy pillows.The location was also great, only a 2 minutes walk from the tube, London Dungeons, Tower Bridge, London Bridge and Tower of London.All in all this hotel is worth every penny and we will certainly be going back. The Hilton made my birthday a really special one that I will never forget.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Karen7
<Content>Cool calm chic by Tower Bridge Despite being from London ourselves, we decided to be tourists for the weekend as a birthday treatWe paid only 拢120 for a double room including their great buffet breakfast but were upgraded to the executive floor - this was amazing - our room was huge with great city views on the 11th floor and the executive lounge with a range of snacks, soft drinks and even free evening booze with a nice roof terrace was brilliant!The location was perfect for the Tower, City Hall and riverboat services and is behind London Bridge station - great for getting around. We had a lovely long walk along the river to the London Eye past so many tourist attractions - well worth it for visitors to the cityThe hotel is part of the new More London Norman Foster development and was the epitome of cool calm chic with quiet lifts, corridors and low lighting - it was a blissful place to relax in that belied its busy positioning outdoors. If I was a tourist I'd much rather stay here than the West End dives in this price bracket - highly recommended!  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ShelbyChicago
<Content>Swanky, but not for tourist We chose this hotel because of the reviews and the location. We were coming from France, so it helped that the hotel was right of the Underground station. It was very expensive (the least expensive rate was over $400 USD), but we thought it would be worth it. However, but did not enjoy our stay here. We requested a double bed, so they gave us a room with two twin beds pushed together. The bed was so uncomfortable, not only because of the hard ridge down the middle created by pushing the beds together, but also because we could feel the springs. This is inexcusable for a hotel charging such high rates. The room was also very noisy, because it was on a low floor that faced the courtyard. We requested a different room the next day and our request was granted. The second room was better, on a higher floor and in a quieter location. The staff was not particularly helpful. The concierge sold us tickets for the Red Bus Tour by telling us we could hop on and off the bus until 10:30pm, and cruise until 7:30pm; but in actuality, the last bus was at 6:30pm and the last cruise was at 4:00pm. We were lucky to get a bus back to the hotel. The tickets for two adults cost $78 USD and we got four rides. Considering the fact that it was a rainy day, we could only use it for about 8 hours, and the bus ran only a couple of times an hour, this was a very bad investment. A regular one day bus pass would have cost around $14 USD, and we would have gotten much better use from it. This is definitely a business class hotel, but not good choice for tourist  
<Date>Sep 13, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	4	2	2	4	

<Author>DniceNYC
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Staff Really nice hotel, ok location, but great staff and great perksEach day the staff at the hotel exceeded my expectations and helped make my trip to London really nice. They even brought up a birthday cake for my partner.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	5	5	4	

<Author>yauds
<Content>Great place to stay What a brilliant stay!Excellent location within walking distance of many attractions.Staff friendly and helpful - service excellent.Room was contemporary, clean and of a high standard.Food was good as was the 'famous' Hilton breakfast.Would not hesitate to return here.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>mktraveller
<Content>Nice hotel, location not so nice. I stayed one night in an executive room 6th September. The room was comfortable, quite spacious. Because of the location, the view wasn't anything to write home about. The location is just off Tooley Street, which isn't particularly nice, but I felt safe around there. The executive lounge was nice, free drinks and snacks. A pot of tea in the lobby bar was 拢3.50, but you could make as much as you wanted in the lounge. The internet access was free in the lounge too, but 拢15 an hour in the room. The bed was wonderfully comfortable and I had a great nights sleep. The bathroom was fine, but seemed rather cold and I couldn't find any way of heating it. Breakfast was buffet style, including in the room rate and was very good. A nice example of a Hilton hotel.  
<Date>Sep 6, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>WB3
<Content>Fab new hotel This is a new hotel close to London Bridge railway station and not far from Tower Bridge.The hotel is very modern with great rooms in a contemporary style with fabulous bathrooms.I stayed here on a Friday evening and took in dinner (which was great) then headed out for a show. On my return I enjoyed a night cap in the bar and the following morning the breakfast was excellent.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Seatlemielo
<Content>Every thing it said it was - Great My trip of the UK continues. We have come from Cornwall to Devon to The Cotswolds now the gigantic leap to London.We are doing all the sights , all the shows and as many restaurants as we can. By staying at the Tower Hotel you can't do any better. Convenient for everything , clean, spacious room and staff who not only can help but seem to enjoy helping as well.Staying in London ? Then this has to be the place.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>gringottsgoblin
<Content>Will go there again This is a nice clean hotel and the area is not one i would normally stay in in London but it proved to be very good. The hotel has nice modern quite spacious rooms. Good public areas such as lounges and dining, and is a very good price. They do great deals for kids in adjoining rooms which makes them very competitively priced for families. If you want to be near the Tower of London, Tower Bridge, the Imperial War Museum, HMS Belfast, The Globe, St Pauls and the Tate Modern you should consider this hotel. It is genuinely good. There are good places to eat in the immediate vicnity and it is close enough to the tube and main line rail at London bridge and is close to water taxi's. I will go back. The one issue i had was that there was an annoying whistling from the pipes in the bathroom, but they gave me a complimentary upgrade the next time i go. Normally i would not care but i will go back and definitely take advantage of this as the hotel would be one i would be happy to stay in, even if they charged more money than i paid. Enough said!  
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Bunwin
<Content>Loved the Hilton I stayed here on the night of my birthday and had a wonderful experience - the location is ideal for those seeking close proximity to tourist attractions, bars and restaurants - the room was great and the contemporary but comfortable surroundings enhanced our stay. We stayed in an executive room and my parents in a standard room - both were the same! with the exception of the floor level (we were higher) it is fair to say that we did not have enough of a 'view' to warrant the higher price. Breakfast was a little disappointing when we discovered we were unable to sit in the executive restaurant and unable to go to the main restaurant?! The situation was resolved but was uncomfortable to say the least, however this is the best hotel I have stayed in when visiting London and would return without question  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	3	3	4	

<Author>cb-StLouis
<Content>Fabulous stay My husband and I were in London for his business. We had two nights of holiday and used Hilton points because the U.S. dollar doesn't buy as much in the U.K. right now. Because of reviews on Trip Advisor, we chose this Hilton. I'm so glad we did! The staff were extremely helpful and friendly. They upgraded us to the executive level, where breakfast and other perks were included, even though we paid nothing for the room. They even sent a letter to our home, thanking us for staying. The location was near bus stops and the London Bridge station and underground. Also easy walking distance to the Tower Bridge and in the other direction, the Globe Theatre and the Millennium Bridge. Our room was large and comfortable, and overall, this was one of the nicest bits of our London holiday.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Keezer
<Content>Great Stay I cannot praise this hotel highly enough. Fantastic location, just around the corner from London Bridge. Friendly and helpful staff, beautiful reception / lounge area, modern decor which was very appealing. Room itself was well fitted and furnished, and my wife loved the crabtree  evelyn toiletries. We were dinner bed and breakfast, and the food was excellent. Great choice, piping hot and very tasty. Serving staff were very pleasant in both the restaurant and the lounge bar, free popcorn made the pricey drinks slightly more bearable, but hey, we were in the centre of London!Will not stay anywhere else on any future trips to London.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Liz&Dave
<Content>Beautful Contemporary Hotel - would return! We stayed at this lovely hotel for a 2 night break at the end of July. The hotel looks fairly new and the rooms and bar area are very contemporary and nicely furnished. The location was good just a short stroll from the London Dungeon and the tube station. Breakfast was the usual Hilton buffet with lots of choice. We were on a dinner first night package but as we had a theatre booking we were offered a 拢15 pp credit for room service or dinner the next night which I thought was a nice touch however we were already booked for one of Gordon Ramsay's restaurants. The room service was very prompt but the roast beef sandwich was not good. The staff in general were very friendly and helpful and we would definitely stay here again if we were in London.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>kittykat1978
<Content>Unfriendly staff Stayed here for one night with business colleagues. Nothing special and wouldn't come back. No character or atmosphere to this hotel and definitely not a five star. The staff were very brusque, cold and unfriendly, was really treated like a pleb (I think this is because I was part of a group). The rooms were OK, but the usual chintzy affair and sachets of freeze dried coffee etc - awful. I had a view of a flat rooftop which was uninspiring. The restaurant both for dinner and breakfast was pretty standard.Nothing special and wouldn't come back.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>henry07
<Content>Fabulous weekend break Just returned from a weekend break at this hotel and I can't praise it highly enough. We were travelling with my parents who are retired and this was partly a celebration of their wedding anniversary. From the time of booking everything was handled very professionally by the hotel. I called a few days before to confirm the arrangements and mentioned that it was a special occasion for my parents and they said they would arrange a few extra treats for their room. On arrival the receptionist told us that my parents had been upgraded to an executive room and checked to see if myself and partner could also be upgraded which we were! This allowed all of us access to the Executive Lounge with complimementary drinks and canapes in the evening. The rooms are spacious, stylish and comfortable with high quality toiletries. The breakfast and dinner were both excellent with a large choice of dishes. All the staff, from check-in, to waitng staff and concierge could not have been more welcoming of helpful. I have stayed in quite a few Hiltons and this was my best experience so far.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>borntoexplore
<Content>Loved it: great location, contemporary rooms, polite staff We are just back from a two night stay at the Tower Bridge Hilton and had a great time.The hotel is smart, modern, clean and easy to get to and from, with London Bridge station just 5 minutes walk away. We travelled w/ 2 kids and got a more spacious corner room w/ 2 extra beds and King Bed and beautiful bath room. Great location so close to tower Bridge and the board walk along the river Thames w/ upscale restaurants and bars ~ great views in the night at the Tower Bridge The staff was friendly and attentive and we were very happy with our choice . Woudl love to stay here again....  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>F123
<Content>Loved everything about this hotel After reading the reviews on tripadvisor, we booked this hotel  I was sure glad we did, hotel is fantastic.Check in was straight forward, we were welcomed to the hotel  as it was a birthday we were there to celebrate,they said there would be a surprise delivered to room  within a half hour a birthday cake  card was delivered to the room, I thought this was such a nice gesture from the hotel. Room was lovely, good size, beautifully decorated, very modern  stylist. Bed was really comfortable  the room  bathroom were spotless. We got room service on the first night  it was lovely  the breakfast was great in the morning, very good selection in a very stylist dining area. The location of this hotel is great, the London Bridge Tube station  a stop for the hop off, hop on bus is a short walk from hotel.I would highly recommend this hotel  we will definitely be returning.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>zinc8
<Content>No Problems, decor is funny If you need to be in this area of London, this is a great hotel. Not far from the London Bridge Tube Station.The room was perfect, clean (actually spotless) and quite large, especially for London.I think it's so funny that this hotel was decorated in the early 90's when minimalizm was HOT. The rooms were probably fantastic at the time, now they are just odd. Time to throw a pillow on the chair and some flowers on the desk!Nonetheless, clean, great staff, great lounge, good location, huge room, comfy bed. I'd stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Ayleszona
<Content>Simply Stunning This Hilton was the best I've ever stayed at. The interior decorating was very contemporary, very sharp. The location made for very convienient traveling as well.  
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SLBK
<Content>Good hotel for the city W e booked a 1 night stay via the Hilton website for 拢99 for a standard room. On arrival we were upgrade to the executive floor and offered a late check out. Receptionist was very friendly.The room was very new and spotless (on the 11th floor) and although we did not have a view the room was great. Turndown service was the most thorough we have experienced in a long time.Executive lounge was nice (the outside terrace was lovely even better if the weather had been nice) and breakfast the next day was good.Overall for the bargin price this hotel was wonderful really good location 5 minutes from London bridge and train station. Would definately stay and recommend this hotel again (if only London Heathrow Hilton could be like this!)It was a pleasure to stay in and we left a comment card stating this and the manager of the hotel wrote back thanking us for our time and comments within 3 days - it shows they care!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DCoopUlster
<Content>My Birthday!! Spent 3 nights here for my birthday with my girlfriend in may and would defintely recommend this hotel. From the moment we checked in the staff were always making sure that our stay was a pleasant one. I always found the staff extremely helpful and would always give you a smile and chat to make sure you were enjoying your stay.Stayed in the executive room and was very happy with it. Very large room with plenty of clothing space and the bathroom had sperate shower and bath and of course the complimentry toiletrees. TV wasn't the biggest but sure you can't have everything and was hardly staying there to watch tele.Had dinner the 1st night we stayed there which happened to be a buffett style meal which offered a good choice of food for everyone's taste.Since we were on the executive floor we had access to the executive lounge where we were able to get breakfast every morning and i must say they had a great selection of food and drink to choose from. They also had various newspapers and free internet use in the lounge as well.The hotel is in a good location 2mins walk from Tower Bridge Tube station (exit the station turn right). Also a couple of mins to HMS Belfast on the Thames.London Dungeon's is also a few minutes from the hotel (it's beside Tower Bridge Tube station) and across the road from that is a couple of the London sightseeing bus tours.All in all the Hilton London Tower Bridge is a lovely hotel with a very dedicated, professional and friendly staff and i would certainly return to this hotel in the future.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ale76london
<Content>Unquestionably classy       birthday cake offered from the hotel  
<Date>Jun 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Zurich
<Content>Best choice Guided by the reviews on this web site, I chose this Hilton hotel to spend HHonors points for 3 nights. I must say, all reviewers are right! It is a very good hotel (even if not compared to London standards), it is managed efficiently. The interiour is still new, room size good, size of bath room very good. On the down side: only one comparetively small window with curtains that cannot be pulled away. So not a lot of day light brightens up the otherwise dark (functional, modern and still nice) interior. Thus, the interior is not suggestive of a cosy room, but it worked very well. Hotel staff is very polite, consistently attentive and fast, breakfast presentation and choice is outstanding, hotel location is convenient to London Bridge underground station and allows nice walks on the south bank of Thames river. The bar staff was less attentive. I did not manage to order a drink after 10 minutes, so we left.I felt I got a lot back for my HHonors points! (There was no upgrade available due to my gold status, but free English breakfast was offered instead. I also felt that the gold status issue was well delt with.)  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>bangorchic
<Content>Boyfriends Birthday My boyfriend and i have just returned from London for his Birthday. The hotel was fantastic and staff cudnt of done anymore to help. Iemailed the hotel before we went to say we were coming to stay for Boyfriends Birthday i recieved an email back from them to say they had upgraded us to exceutive floor. When we got into are room it was lovely with welcoming sweets after about 10mins the door went and it was 2 members of staff with a birthday cake for my Boyfriend and they sang happy birthday aswell!!!!The room was great and bed clothes were turned down every nite with sweets put on pillow.Room was cleaned every morning aswell.As we were upgraded to exceutive floor we could use exceutive lounge which provided food and drinks all day and had free cocktail drinks and beer from 6 to 8pm.We ate at hotel on the first nite food was graet with a gud selection to choose from.overall the experience at this hotel was fantastic.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ford maverick
<Content>great design review stayed here with work on a design trip. picked the hotel for its design and a good weeked rate - was not disapointed.Check in was swift and before time allowed, rooms were ready. Building site next door but did not interfere with our stay. Staff VERY polite and helpfull (cheeky also when some of our party arrived back at 3.00am.!!!)The food is very high standard, level of service also very high and location very good for tube station  London bridge.Very modern contemporary hotel.Down side would be the cost of the drinks at the bar -okay if you are on expenses but London prices I suppose.Would I recomed this hotel - already have and would again.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Geordie_Paddy
<Content>FANTASTIC!!!! We stayed at the Hilton Tower Bridge for the second time in May 08 and it was a great experience again. For me the hotel is faultless. The location is great, restaurant is brilliant (breakfast has the best and most varied selection of food of any hotel I have stayed at... and I have stayed at alot), rooms are very comfortable and a good size for central London, staff are pleasant and efficient and the overall feel and decor of the hotel is very modern, clean and comfortable.Compared to other hotels which cost alot more in London, this is an absoloute bargain if you can get one of Hiltons deals. We paid the same for 2 nights bed and breakfast inc meal on the first evening for the cost of a room only at other 4 star London Hotels.We were also lucky enough to receive an upgrade to the Executive Floor which had access to private Exeuctive Lounge and roof terrace, afternoon tea and evening cocktails.We had a wonderfull stay and I can't compliment the hotel, staff and management enough! We won't consider anywhere else next time we stay in London.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ILIKEMOANING
<Content>Fabulous! I have just returned from a 3 day stay here and I wish I was still there! The hotel is gorgeous - modern, stylish and comfortable. The room was fab, I loved the decor and the bed was SO comfy! The staff were friendly and helpful. It is minutes from London bridge tube but it is only a few minutes walk to tower bridge which you can walk over and past the tower of london to get to Tower Hill tube which is a much more scenic and interesting way of doing things! There are stylish bars and restaurants near the hotel and so are the London Dungeons which I love! I would go there over the Tower of London anyday! The bathrooms are great too, modern and immaculate. There is a gym on the third floor and a stylish longe on the ground floor. I would go there again tomorrow if I could!  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Travelrug
<Content>Overstyled, overpriced, overrated You'd think by reading some of the reviews that this is the best hotel in London.It's not.That's not to say it is a bad hotel; it is new, so the rooms look neat, although so much attention has gone into the style, little thought had gone into the function. Only one power socket at the desk, for instance. The lights in the room were funky, but the various controls scattered around the room made what most people want to do - turn the lights on, or off, actually quite difficult. The aircon wasn't intuitive, either; you have to set it relative to the room temperature, rather than setting an absolute value.Lobby / Bar / Restaurant is openplan, no chance of a quiet drink in the corner.Staff were universally friendly and efficient.Its location is convenient for London Bridge tube (Northern  Jubilee), and for Tower Bridge. It's not an area I found well-served by buses.It's a good Hilton. But it's still a Hilton.  
<Date>May 23, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	3	4	3	4	3	

<Author>StornowayLouis
<Content>Fab stay at Hilton London Tower Bridge We are just back from a three night stay at the Tower Bridge Hilton and had a wonderful time.The hotel is smart, modern, clean and easy to get to and from, with London Bridge station just 5 minutes walk away. Our room was a good size with a very comfy bed and excellent facilities. Breakfast was inlcuded in our rate and there was an excellent choice each morning. The restaurant staff were so friendly and attentive, between the staff and food you couldn't fail to start your day with a smile. We found all the staff at the hotel extremely courteous and very helpful. This trip was organised by my wife as a surprise for my birthday, and when we went to our room there was a birthday cake covered with fresh fruit waiting for me. Real nice touch on behalf of the hotel and much appreciated.We will definitely stay at this hotel again and would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Jewelisms
<Content>Fantastic Hotel, Fantastic Location My husband and I recently spent a couple days in London. Prior to booking a hotel, I poured over hotel reviews - remembering the mistake I made the last time we went to London. The Hilton Tower Bridge hotel got great reviews so I thought we would give it a try. We loved this hotel! The room was smallish, but pretty standard for London and not too small. It was clean and modern. The bathroom was beautiful, too. The only thing I would liked to have seen different was there was no outlet in the bathroom for the hair dryer. There was only a shaver port (which explicitly stated it was only for shavers). No biggie, I dried my hair in the main room.We also got really good service while we were there. The front desk staff were a little hard to understand, but we managed ok. The rest of the staff we encountered we could understand fine.The restaurant was ok, not great, but we were in London and there are plenty of wonderful restaurants in the area, including a really small Thai restaurant right across the street that was quite good.We both liked the bar and relaxed there both nights after going out and about.The hotel is right by the River Thames and you get a great view of Tower Bridge from right there. I can't say enough about the location. It's fantastic. We're definitely staying there again for our next trip to London.  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	3	-1	4	

<Author>ottwatrvlr
<Content>I loved this place! Of all the Hilton location in London, I'd say that this is the one that probably offers the best value (more expensive than some others but worth it).Being in the London Tower area, this Hilton is a little bit outside the main tourist area - which is still easily accessible via the Tube (London Bridge station located less than 5 minutes from the hotel gives you access to the Jubilee and Northern lines)This place is only a few years old and has a very modern look and feel. My room had a partial view of the Tower Bridge (which may not be the case in teh future as they are putting up a new tower just in front) and I also had access to the executive lounge. For those of you who have lounge access or decide to pay to get access to exec floor, I'd say that this is well worth it. Good selection or hors-d'oeuvre and drinks in the evening and fine continental breakfast in the morning. You also have access to two computers which may come in handy given the price of the internet at this (and most other) hotel location.The room was of a fairly good size and extremely clean.I had breakfast and dinner at their main restaurant (one occasion each) as it was included in my rate and would rate both as above average (dinner was dinner buffet) and probably fairly priced for London (but as with most things in London, pricey for North Americans).The main lobby was very busy on both Friday and Saturday night - it seemed to be a very ''in'' place and as such, I may not recommend it to those looking for a quiet place to stay (although you could not hear anything while in your room).  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	4	5	

<Author>planet-urko
<Content>First choice for overnight/ weekend stay My husband and I stayed here last weekend on an impromptu visit to the NFT. Got a great last minute deal and booked largely due to location. It is well situated by the river with good bars and restaurants nearby and within a 15 -20 min walk or short taxi ride to the cultural centre. We were able to take advantage of a pleasant stroll down the bank back to the hotel after our evening out.Our standard twin room was very large and airy by London standards with modern ,good quality ,fittings and fixtures. Good size bathroom with all neccesary facilities and comfy beds.We used the downstairs bar which was very modern and busy with a good mixed crowd and atmosphere. Drinks were reasonable for London.The breakfast in the morning was fantastic with a great choice to suit anyone including those with special dietary needs.In short a very happy experience which we will be taking advantage of again.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>CamBangkok
<Content>Nice modern hotel in good location Stayed for 10 days on business. Was well located to office and meeting locations. Good tube access.Service was pretty good and responsive.Could do with a bigger room service menu with a few more simple, traditional favourites. Food was very good overall.Internet price very high.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	3	4	4	3	

<Author>robandjojo
<Content>Outstanding We stayed here 25-27th April and it is without doubt the best hotel we have stayed in within London. Hotel is modern and stylish, and nothing is too much for the staff. We were made to feel completely welcome. As many reviewers have mentioned the location is great ... near the river with loads of bars etc near by. Butlers Wharf is well worth the short walk, check out the Bridge Bar and the Chop house. Walk the other way and there's Borough Market and Vineopolis.Would we recommend this hotel ... absolutely. We've already booked in our parents for their anniversary !!!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>giraffeoftruth
<Content>Better than average Hilton This is the nicest Hilton I think i have stayed in over the years. We got a nice double room which was spacious and comfortable. The d茅cor has a nice modern feel to it and the room had been cleaned very thoroughly.When we first arrived we found the TV wasn't working, so we called down and they sent someone straight up to fix the problem.The location is excellent for the that part of the city, and there is alot to see.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>SallyJonesCowplain
<Content>Would recommend this hotel My husband and I recently spent 3 nights at this hotel and I must say we would certainly recommend it for a stay in London. It is a few minutes walk to Tower Bridge and St. Catherines Docks. The room was clean and very comfortable and the staff were extremely helpful and courteous. London Dungeon, London Bridge Experience, Churchills War Experience and the Clink are all a few minutes walk away, ideal if you are staying with children. Lots of bars and restaurants nearby to suit every taste.We will definitely stay here again when visiting London.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>SanMarco07
<Content>Nice Hotel in a great location! We stayed here from Dec. 30 thru Jan. 1st. New Year's Eve was awesome, just being in the city at this time was electric! There was ice skating at the Tower during these days. Very nicely done.Walking around the area of the hotel feels safe. The hotel is a three-minute walk to the boardwalk, which is a short distance to the Tower Bridge. Horniman on Hays is a great place to eat on the boardwalk, order at the bar if you eat downstairs. There is wait staff upstairs, but not down. Crazy; but good food and atmosphere! The Hilton, Tower Bridge hotel is very modern and the rooms and bathrooms are very spacious! Plenty of storage space. Room-service was great, no complaints. The concierge went beyond the call of duty for us; recommending restaurants and making reservations for us; even after we checked out, we called to get directions and the staff was very helpful! The Hilton Tower Bridge hotel is right down the street from The Dungeon and two red-tour bus stops. There is also a pharmacy and great restaurants near by. I would stay here again and I highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Srch
<Content>Really fantastic This hotel is in an excellent location for visiting London and the tube is just a short walk away on the same street. The staff are very friendly and helpful. The hotel is very new and modern - it has a boutique feel to it. There is plenty of choice for breakfast, although it does cost 拢21 if it's not included in your price, which is a bit steep. There are 3 or 4 cafes, aswell as an MS food shop, across from the hotel that you could eat breakfast in. Would recommend this hotel without a doubt.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Yibbert
<Content>Modern Hilton in good location I stay in this area pretty regularly and this is the best hotel in the area, it is always very fast to fill up and can be difficult to get a resevation during the week. Rooms are nice and modern and the ones towards the front of the building have lovely views. Nice wlaks along the river and views of tower bridge and tower of london. Space is pretty limited in the hotel and as such 'usual' 4/5 star extras are limited. (Gym etc.) Restraunt is good but bit over priced for breakfast. Nicer coffee houses in surrounding buildings that are better value. If you can get to the executive floors on the upper floors it is well worth the extra money as superior rooms/view.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>AWredarmy
<Content>Amazing stay This hotel has to be the best hotel I have stayed in, in London!!! I have stayed in this hotel many times over the last two years. By far the best customer service I've ever had. It is in a wonderful location, with fabulous views of London Tower Bridge. It is a short walk from some fabulous restaurants, its setting is delightful in hte evenings. The Lonon tower bridge tube station is a 30 second walk from the hotel. The staff were so friendly and helpful. The cleanliness of the rooms are spot on. I would reccomend this hotel without a question of doubt.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ibadan
<Content>Modern, clean, convenient        Hays Galleria at night (nearby)  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Lettonie
<Content>Wonderful stay - just wish it had been longer! This is easily the best hotel I've ever stayed at in London - the staff are professional and courteous - even the cleaners smile and say hello to you in the corridor like they mean it - the building is wonderful - modern, airy and well located - and our standard room was anything but - it was huge, with a completely dreamy kingsize bed I did not want to get out of! Nice toiletries in the bathroom, spacious bathroom with fantastic shower/bath combo and plenty of lovely thick white towels added to our enjoyment. Didn't eat in the restaurant, but enjoyed very good cocktails in the bar. I'd find it hard to fault this hotel on any level. Recommended.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>belfast-jj
<Content>London 2nt break We had a lovely 2nt stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge - lovely big room/very modern. Very fast checkin - very clean hotelWe were 2mins from HMS Belfast hmsbelfast.iwm.org.uk - 5mins from Tower Bridge - 10mins from the http://www.hrp.org.uk/TowerOfLondon/ - 5mins from the London Dungeons - 5mins from the Tower bridge tube station Tip for breakfast ( fuzzy grub ) just across the street from the Hilton, proper breakfast at less than half the price of the Hilton.Great shops near by for quick snacksjj......  
<Date>Apr 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ginger2007
<Content>Great for Business Travellers I was in London on Business and stayed at the Hilton London Bridge. It is a very nice hotel if you are there on business. It is located in a business district. But it is also right on the walkway along the Thames and across the street from the Tower of London and next to the Tower Bridge - believe me, I got to look at both all day but never had time to visit them!! There is a little shopping area called Hays Galleria and several eateries within walking distance. It is also very near the Hop on Hop off tour and London Bridge tube station. The embiance though is for business travellers. I can't imagine seeing too many children running around this hotel nor would they enjoy it much. Teens might be okay but I didn't see any of them either. The restaurant is just okay and VERY expensive. I would opt to go out to Cafe Amore or Marks and Spencer to eat or take the tube to a completely different part of town. All in all though, nice hotel and the bed was dreamy to say the least! The room was extremely clean but the bathroom had one of those showers that just comes out of the wall and you are standing in the middle of the bathroom taking a shower - no stall at all...that bugged me a bit. There was a nice hair dryer and a pretty big safe too.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	4	5	

<Author>db70disco
<Content>Great Location, Great hotel The london tower bridge was our first stop on our European vacation and it didn't disappoint. It was very well located in the city, right in between London Bridge and Tower Bridge. You can see tower bridge from right outside the hotel although not from the rooms, at least the ones we had. The hotel is about 2-3 blocks from the nearest tube station (London Bridge station) and is an easy walk to grab the tube and get virtually anywhere in the city in about 15 min. When using the tube make sure to go out the exit toward Tooley street, there are several tube exits and the other exits will cause you to walk much farther. The hotel itself is very modern and clean, rooms are spacious and bathrooms are great with the half shower door/tub combo typical in Europe. Breakfast is not included and goes for about 22 pounds a person, a bit pricey in my book but there is a great bagel and coffee shop right across the way. The hotel does get a lot of business type travelers and you will see meetings going on in the lobbies and conferences etc... but this didn't bother us a bit, however if you are looking for a quaint undiscovered hole in the wall with no business traffic I would suggest elsewhere. If you want a great modern clean place to stay in London in a great location I would definately reccommend the Hilton Tower Bridge.  
<Date>Mar 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>raptorcatcher
<Content>lovely hotel I booked this hotel to celebrate with my family my fathers 70 birthday. We all had a fab time. The hotel is close to all the attractions especially the maritime museum which my father particularly wanted to see. It was easy to get to on the tube and docklands railway. The buffet evening meal was nice and they did cook speciifc food for my partner as he is a very fussy eater! Had a great cruise down the river from Grenwich to tower bridge on a beautiful day.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Chunky-M0nkey
<Content>Very Nice Hotel We stayed for a two night break at this hotel and i must say for a London hotel it was spacious and the staff were extremely helpful and attentive. As a Hilton Diamond Member we were upgraded to the Exec floor. The staff in the lounge were amazingly helpful, it was actually a pleasure to have staff who actually considered customer service as a priority - Well Done Hilton Tower Bridge.The rooms were very well appointed, bed very comfortable, bathroom was a little cramped in places, but the bath and seperate shower was nice.It was extremely quiet, even though there was building work outside next to the hotel we didnt hear a thing.The Exec lounge was actually quite small and got very busy between 6 - 8pm, but the range of beverages offered was very good. As were the breakfasts in the morning.The area outside the hotel also seemed very nice, some parts of London arent the best but walking round here late at night coming back from the restaurants did not seem a problem.All in all a good hotel and well priced from Hilton.com, 拢100 per night. OK your not in the centre of London, but you are on the Thames and 10 minute tube ride away from the West End, or walk across Tower Bridge (Looks lovely lit up at night) and you are not that far from Leicster square (4 stops on the tube). It is now my preffered London Hotel  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>Julie324
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed at Hilton London Bridge for two nights in Feb. Excellent location for getting to any of the sights/shops as only a few minutes walk from London Bridge station and approx 30 minutes walk along the river to the London eye.Stayed in an executive room which was one of the best so far. The executive suite was comfortable and staff friendly.Only a couple of issues. Drain type smell in the corridors was a bit off putting and the restaurant was not the best. Would definately recommend staying here but take advantage of the many good restaurants London has to offer.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>alsa0103
<Content>Great Hotel Stayed for a one night stay on a Sat night. Great Hotel, very modern,clean  spacy. Had a room on 9th floor. Great executive Lounge with Roof terace overlooking London...  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RN_Smith
<Content>What a great hotel for a great price! We booked a top secret hotel through lastminute and we were worried when we realised it was a Hilton. We have stayed in a few Hiltons and have always been hugely disappointed and vowed never to return to one again.However, we were so surprised. The hotel was only built in 2006 and so, is very modern. The decor is very tasteful and our room was lovely. Flat screen telly was nice. Although modern it wasn't cold feeling but very warm and comfortable. Very comfortable bed and the staff were polite and courteous. We didn't use the bar but it looked very appealing as a place to have a drink and unwind or as a build up to a night on the town. Its proximity to the Thames was a bonus. The view from our room was not anything special but that really didn't matter.We would definitely stay here again......and at 拢63.........well you can't get better than that in London!!!! Bargain!!!!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	3	5	4	3	-1	

<Author>touchit
<Content>beware of constuction LONDON TOWER BRIDGE HILTON FEB 9TH THRU 11THwe stayed here expecting a view of the thames, not!!! no water view period , irregardless of all room locations. all the rooms are identical, clean , and windows open and bathrooms are good size. we were bumped up from the 6th floor to the 10th floor. the significants of being on the the 10th floor allowed us to enjoy the executive suite on the 9th floor. there is a terrace ,flat screen, free breake and drinks snacks etc. make it a point to varify level of constuction. no constuction due to the wked for us(building a car park within a nats *** of the hilton) use it as leverage,as they did'nt inform us (expedia). tower bridge tube very close ,tower bridge and of coure thames and its attractions... good luck...ev cheers  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>John_DToronto
<Content>Daughters Birthday Decided at the last minute to take my daughter to London for her 12 birthday. Found this hotel for 200.00 cdn dollars a night, which turns out was a bargin. Hotel staff were fantastic and I loved the location(close to the tube) Would recommend this hotel to everyone. My only minor complaint is food at the hotel and mini bar is very expensive, but there is alot of cheap food options very close by.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Mrs Carr
<Content>One of the best Hiltons I've stayed at! I stayed here for one night with my other half on a leisure weekend break. This is a funky Hilton hotel (if you have only always stayed in those with curled carpets, you're in for a shock), very modern decor all through-out the hotel and by far my favourite in London. The lobby and the lobby bar are fun and the rooms follow the same modern style. The bed is very comfy. We were upgraded to the Executive floor and got a nice room. The lounge was nice and they offered complimentary drinks and snacks in the evening and continental breakfast in the morning. And all staff we met were nice as well. I'd go back, definitely!  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MargsCoClare_Ireland
<Content>Excellent Hilton Hilton Hotels can be very variable in quality and standard but this Hilton is one of the best we have stayed in.We visited this hotel both on business and pleasure. It is an excellent hotel situated in an interesting area of London. The staff are friendly, helpful and well trained. Rooms are well designed and appointed. Bathrooms are spacious and Crabree  Evelyn toiletries provided are very acceptable. London Bridge underground is conveniently nearby. The hotel is convenient to Gatwick airport- 1 hour (Gatwick Express and Tube). The food is excellent and joy of joys breakfast is served to 10.30am on weekdays and 11am at weekends which is such a bonus. Drinks at the bar are expensive,There are very nice walks around this area which has ultra modern buildings and architecture. Overall a very pleasant experience  
<Date>Feb 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RossyFan
<Content>Excellent Hotel This really is a very good hotel.The room was stylish and spacious, as was the bathroom which came with a good range of toiletries. The bed was extremely comfortable. All the furnishings were top notch and everything worked.We had one evening meal which came as part of the package and it was very good. Although it was served buffet style, the somewhat restricted choice meant that nothing hung around too long. Everything looked fresh and appetizing; the antipasti starters in particular were excellent. Breakfast was also OK, good choice of fruit, the usual array of hot food, wide range of good bread and decent coffee. I was particularly impressed with the staff, nothing seemed too much trouble. One of the waiters actually took time at breakfast on one of the mornings just to ask me if everything was OK. I think that鈥檚 a first. They also seemed to have enough people, no endless waits trying to attract someone鈥檚 attention for more coffee or whatever (which happens all too often at hotels these days). There was always someone around. Generally, the hotel had a calm efficient air and everything was pristine, the toilets were spotless and not a speck of dust on the carpets. All excellent stuff, it鈥檚 obviously well managed.Finally, the location, a couple of minutes walk from the Thames is very handy. There鈥檚 a decent pub just to the left of HMS Belfast. Their outdoor terrace has great views across the river to the city and Tower Bridge. It鈥檚 a good place to start or finish up the evening. There鈥檚 an excellent Thai restaurant just beyond that and many others including an Argentinean, in the opposite direction towards Tower Bridge.London Bridge underground station is quite close and there鈥檚 also a very useful bus (RV1) which runs every few minutes to Covent Garden. The stop is just before the station (outside London Dungeon) and the journey only costs 99p with an Oyster Card.On our next trip to London, I don鈥檛 think I鈥檇 consider anywhere else.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>theclarks
<Content>Smart  This is an excellent hotel, very modern, pleasant staff and a fantastic restaurant. situated just back from the Thames near the HMS Belfast, the rooms are large and very modern. The meals in the hotel was exceptional, especially as it came in with thne price of the weekend. Breakfast is buffet style with a great choice of English and Continental. The drinks are reasonaby priced but watch out for the extra charge to carry it to your table. The staff are lovely and helpful nothing is too much trouble, i would recommend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MK1England
<Content>Comfortable and Close for Business I have stayed here on several occasions in the last few months. The hotel is a recent new build. It is convenient for access to the financial district, although it's on the south bank of the River Thames so a short walk, taxi or underground train ride is needed. The underground can be accessed at London Bridge which is a few minutes away. Be warned though, it can be difficult to get on a northbound train in a weekday morning due to overcrowding.The hotel itself is quiet, comfortable and has a designer feel to it. However the colour scheme is quite dark and slightly oppressive. I've stayed in both standard and executive rooms and they were both clean and well appointed. The standard rooms were quite small by some standards. The executive room was larger and on a corridor with a curve in it, so with one curved wall it was a pleasant change from the normal oblong room layout. The executive room also has a seperate shower cubicle.The hotel is popular with business travellers and the rates available can be quite high, for example over 拢250 per night excluding taxes and breakfast. Apparently they have no trouble filling the hotel at these rates so discounted rates are hard to come by.For those visiting for leisure, London Dungeon, HMS Belfast, Tower Bridge and the Tower of London are all within 15 minutes walk. There's a range of restaurants in the area as well as the hotel restaurant giving a wide choice.All in all this is a good hotel that I'd recommend.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Casualist
<Content>good value for 4-star property in London A spanking brand new property with a real design hotel feel, this place seemed to have a nice mixture of business and tourist visitors. The location is great, although despite being almost next to the Thames you won't see anything of the river, nor of Tower Bridge, even from the rooms on the top (11th floor). We could, however, just about see the top of the Swiss Re tower in the city.The rooms reminded me very much of modern Radisson SAS properties, with lots of sleek curves, pine, modern art and random pastel colors, plus a big flatscreen TV thrown in. Beds were super-comfy, windows were floor-to-ceiling for lots of light, all the usual 4-star facilities were in place. Pleasant bonuses were the iron + ironing board and the pull-out tea/coffee making facilties in a drawer (rather than taking up valuable desk + table space). Air conditioning was a little tricky to operate, but eventually we got the hang of it. The rooms are super quiet for a good night sleep. One minus point - very poor water pressure in the shower.Restaurant offered an excellent if slightly pricey breakfast. Service throughout the hotel generally good and at normal Hilton levels.Location - its almost next door to London Bridge for tube and rail services, try and use the Jubilee Line if possible, its the most modern in London and has much nicer stations and trains than the rest of the network. Catching the District and Circle lines simply meant a 10 minute walk across London Bridge to Monument station, but beware that there's no ticket office open here at weekends.Dining and drinking possibilities around the hotel are slightly limited during the evening, especially at weekends, most would appear to make their cash from 9-5 office workers, but the Marks  Spencer is open when others are shut.Excellent value for money in a good location for tourists.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>TH13
<Content>Splendid!!! We (my mother and I) arrived at the hotel late in the evening. We were supposed to stay at the Selfridge, but it was overbooked and they sent us here. We were tired and frustrated!The two ladies at reception were kind, smilling and helpful! As soon as we gave our names we got our key card and 5 minutes later we were resting in our room.Unfortunately, we didn't have a view but otherwise it was perfect! Superclean, with flat screen tv, well-stocked mini bar, even an espresso maker! The bathroom was large, with enough toiletries for two and a note to phone housekeeping if you wanted more! The closet was spacious and the mirror quite big!Since we were also very hungry, we booked a table at the restaurant and after a hot bath we went downstairs to have our dinner! And what a wonderful dinner it was! Lots to choose from, a bit on the expensive side, but very nice! And they had Eton Mess for desert!!!Back upstairs and straight to bed, which was very comfortable!Breakfast was fantastic! Everything was hot, large variety AND they had black pudding!Check out was fast and soon enough we were in our cab to Marble Arch!This hotel is excellent! If it wasn't so far from Central London I would go back with no second thoughts!  
<Date>Dec 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>munkispank
<Content>Great Hotel we got a supercheap rate with priceline- got an excellent room and the friendliest staff I have ever met in London. Really helpful and cheerful. They gave us early check-in and held our bags for late check out too. Hotel is clean throughout - bathrooms are a pleasure. Only 'bad' thing is the walk over the bridge to the tube- just often takes a little longer as you have to dodge tourist's. But an excellent property and stay.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TorontonianTraveller
<Content>Good stay at the Hilton I stayed at the Tower Hilton in London and can definitely recommend it for travellers.Here are the high points:- comfortable rooms in a great location - steps from the Tube- rooms have good linens and are fully equipped with in-room safe, nice toiletries, kettle and tea tray (for tea and coffee) including biscuits, mini bar, wi-fi etc.- good closet space for both hanging and putting folded items- includes iron and ironing boardOne down side:- The shower/bathtub has its complexities. It has a half glass partition and so ensure you point the head towards the wall so you don't get excess water on the floor. Also, the dials are a little different from what I have seen before (even in Europe). However, once you figure it out, it is fine.Staff:- Staff were very professional and helpfulPrice:- Quite reasonable for a London hotel.Breakfast buffet:- I find that most hotels get you here. The buffet was quite expensive and many items were lukewarm or cold. I believe it was about 20 British pounds each. I would stick to room service or with the cold items on the buffet. Also, there are places nearby where you can get coffee etc for less. For example there is a Marks  Spencers Food Only store right behind the hotel.Shopping:- There is a nice grouping of shops and boutiques right next door to the hotel.Summary:- I would stay here again, without a doubt.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>WI036
<Content>Wonderful       Bedroom  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Philliboi
<Content>Loved the hotel a stone throw from tower bridge Fabulous hotel in a wicked location!! Close to all the amenities and Tube station.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Stevie390
<Content>Excellent hotel for business or leisure I had a weekend break exploring London's South Bank - Tower Bridge, London Dungeon, Borough Market, Tate Modern, Imperial War Museum, London Aquarium - and this hotel is perfectly located for the area. As other reviewers have said, it is modern, stylish, spotlessly clean, has pleasant staff, a comprehensive breakfast, and its rates are pretty competitive (GBP126 for a Friday night in a 8th floor room). With the Jubilee Line at London Bridge just five minutes walk away, it is also very convenient for Docklands/Canary Wharf (10 mins), Oxford Street and Bond Street for shopping (10 mins) and has good connections into the City. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Nov 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>Atl30309
<Content>Wonderful Hotel Booked 6 nights here for a trip last week and it was one of the best hotels I have stayed in London. The location is excellent. It is just a few blocks from London Bridge Underground and rail station. The room was spacious, bathrooms big and modern, beds very comfrotable and the staff could not have been more helpful. The breakfast buffet was exceptional. I would highly recommend.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>tonitone
<Content>Great Hilton Have stayed in several Hilton hotels, and this is by far the best (it is also relatively new...). Rooms are spotless and comfortable, bathrooms are OK - one minor gripe is that I thought the room could have been a little larger. Restaurant is good, but overpriced. Bar is pretty cool too. Overall, great location and really nice hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Juditanna
<Content>Great Hotel Had a two night stay here recently which was really enjoyable. Very clean, staff very helpful and friendly and a really nice laid back atmosphere. Great location also.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>needcowbell
<Content>Great Hotel This was my first trip to London and I must admit I was a little dissapointed that the hotel wasn't in the heart of London (closer to Tralfalgar) But as it turns out I think that it was a really good location. One block away was a tube stop. Walking distance to Tower Bridge and one block away was a Big Bus stop which I rode for three days and loved. The hotel itself was very clean and new and no complaints at all. I was upgraded to the executive level which I took advantage of quite a bit. The staff goes out of their way to be helpful.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LuxTraveller
<Content>good hotel, modern rooms and good location I have stayed in the hotel a few times during my business trips and would recommend it as a good hotel in terms of rooms and location.The room rate has varied from 160 GBP to 200 GBP. The hotel is very modern and is located close to HMS Belfast so is good for restaurants along the Thames. There is a small M+S shop close by that is open to 22:00 each day so you have stock up on snacks.The Thai restaurant down by the water side is also very nice.  
<Date>Oct 9, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	4	5	

<Author>charliebrownsnoopy
<Content>Very modern        Comfortable duvet  bedding  
<Date>Sep 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Vickster78
<Content>Fantastic, modern hotel in great location!       Standard Double Room  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Dragon_LordMTB
<Content>Geat hotel and superb location Just come back from a fantastic 4 night stay at the Hilton Tower Bridge with my family. The hotel is situated within sight of London Tower Bridge though there are no direct views from the hotel. On arrival, the reception area is bright and welcoming and the staff very professional. The decor is modern and the rooms large for a city hotel. We had booked a bed for our 3 year old but the room had a cot instead. We arrived at 10pm but even so one call to reception had a bed in our room within 10 minutes. We ordered room service and the food was excellent.Nearby there are a number of restaurants and the nearest tube/rail station is only 100 meters from the hotel. The London bus tours pass by the hotel which is great for a days sightseeing.We did not eat in the hotel restaurant as there are many great choices nearby.All in all, well done to the hotel and we would stay again.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>ppoh
<Content>A pleasant surprise I have stayed at many Hiltons worldwide and this is a gem among Hiltons. Especially when you compare the other Hiltons in London I have visited (Hyde Park and Metropole, which are quite dreadful).This is a modern hotel with stylish restaurant, clean functional stylish room, and attentive staff. When checking in, the receptionist apologized as I was as a Hilton Honors Gold member entitled to a free breakfast. My rate included the breakfast so she sent a bottle of nice Spanish red wine to my room.I wish all the Hiltons were like this - now the Hilton brand just does not guarantee you the level of hotel.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>paulieuk
<Content>An outstanding hotel       Executive Lounge on 9th floor  
<Date>Sep 2, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>EmSiMoo
<Content>Excellent Have just returned from a weekend break to celebrate both a birthday and wedding anniversary.We were upgraded to the executive rooms on arrival and found a cake and card in our room. Nice touch.Service was outstanding. In the executive lounge a real treat to have access to free drinks especially in the evening sat out on the terrace sipping a nice cold glass of wine soaking up the fab views.Excellent view of Tower Bridge from our room, the room was very spacious, clean and had a wide range of goodies in the bathroom.The hotel were very accomodating in relation to food allergies when given advance notice of your stay,We had a very good meal in the Larder on the first night and breakfast was just as good.Ideal location near to bars and restaurants of all types.Felt very safe at night walking around after dark.M  S just next to the Hotel ideal for that special bottle of bubbles!Saves you carrying it.This is the best hotel I have stayed in in London and has easy access to the tube and buses.I would say this is excellent value for money and can't wait to return.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Goblu
<Content>Great Jump-Off Point for Families in London Stayed at Hilton Tower Bridge for four nights in mid-August 2007. We took a family vacation with 4 adults (40's), my college-aged son, and three small children (3-10 yrs). We had three rooms. Check in and service were outstanding. We were able to access all three rooms by about noon (for early check-in), no problems. One room, a large one, had a queen and an extra roll-away (no charge), one had two twin beds (another large room), and one had a queen bed (a smaller room). The queen beds really seem more like US kings, and the beds were very comfortable. The twins can be separated, or can be pushed together to make a king. All furnishings very modern, bathrooms were great. Each room had a safe that can fit a laptop.Breakfast was included with our rooms, and had a wide-range of British favorites, smoked fish, breads, cereals and dairy items. This was a great way to start a heavy day of siteseeing.I had a couple minor maintenance issues with our room, but a call to the desk resulted in a maintenance person coming almost immediately and fixing the issues.We used the concierge several times for pre-paid tickets (recommended to all major sites to avoid lines), and for a couple of eating recommendations. Very good service, seemed fairly knowledgable.We found the location to be ideal for sightseeing. The south bank is family-friendly with a large plaza and Thames (Queen's) walk just outside. A Marks  Spencer is next door, so you don't have to be tempted by the mini-bar and its exhorbitant costs. Subway station is 2 blocks, and also has direct train service to Gatwick airport and other locations. I enjoyed the location because of easy access to mass transit, and its short walk to several major tourist sites. You can easily walk to:--Tower bridge--Tower of London--Globe (don't miss a Shakespeare performance!--but not for small kids) --Borough Market (Sat. mornings especially; also the Golden Hinde ship and the Clink Prison Museum are there) --Tate Modern --St. Pauls, Via Thames walkway --London DungeonA bit further up the Thames, but a great walk:--BA Eye--Parliment/Big Ben/Westminister, etc.I highly recommed the hotel for families, as well as business (the hotel is really set up for business clients, but the location and hospitality is so family friendly). For those who want to be in the traditional center of action (West End, Covent Garden, Leicester Square, etc.), this is a bit out of the way, but a short tube ride will get you there.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>peri24
<Content>Mixed Feelings - Generally Positive Overall We won this hotel for $110 a room (plus tax) for a week-long period at the end of August 2007. For the price, it was an excellent value, especially considering the going rate of London hotel rooms these days, but I would only recommend the property with reservations.What was good:The room size was more than adequate. Although not as large as Hilton rooms in the states, the rooms were larger than most in London. The furnishings were modern and the beds and bedding were very comfortable. The toiletries were very nice, La Source by Crabtree and Evelyn.Access to the tube was excellent, a few minute walk down a safe, wide street. There were also a couple of bus stops along the way, making transportation elsewhere a piece of cake. (This was good as the area virtually shut down at night, being a business district more than anything else.)There was a great tea setup next to the outrageously priced mini-bar, a terrific selection of teas and some instant (blecch) coffee.There is an outlet on the desk that takes American plugs. I brought a power strip and was able to plug in our laptop as well as whatever chargers we needed.There were a bunch of casual dining spots in the immediate vicinity, including a Marks  Spencer food shop right across the walk. It was very easy to find breakfast or coffee before heading on your way for the day, and there was a pub across the street if you fancied a pint later in the afternoon.What was bad:We were given rooms facing a large construction site alongside the building. I didn鈥檛 immediately think it would be a problem, as we were planning to be up and out fairly early, but I was wrong (which I found out after we鈥檇 unpacked and settled in). LOUD work was done ALL DAY from 7 AM to 7 PM, and while my kids were pretty able to sleep through it in the morning, I was not. Had we not unpacked, I would have asked to be moved (not sure how successful I鈥檇 have been, but I鈥檓 doubtful the hotel was sold out 鈥?which makes it even worse that they put us in those rooms). As we were there over a bank holiday weekend, there were three days of no work, and we had to get up early to catch the train to Gatwick on our final day, so I dealt with it, but I wasn鈥檛 happy.There is NO storage space in the bedside tables, which are more platforms built into the wall than anything else. The closet was adequate but there was no dresser drawer space, either, making the few cubbies built into the closet the only storage. That left no place to store our luggage except on the floor along the wall. Not what you鈥檇 expect in a four-star property.The worst room feature of all was the bathroom shower. There was neither a curtain nor a full door, but a glass partition that covered about a third of the length along the tub side. Water couldn鈥檛 help but escape, and you could never warm up, as the cooler surrounding air was right there with you in the shower. I honestly have no idea what they were thinking when they came up with this design. Taking showers became an unpleasant necessity rather than something relaxing to look forward to, and you were left to mop up the bathroom floor when you were done. We requested one room with a queen or king bed and the other with two singles, but the only configuration they could manage for our kids was two side-by-side mattresses with separate bedding, basically the same as our room but with each bed made up separately. The kids were okay with it but would have been happier with their own individual beds.There were two places to plug in the hair dryer鈥either of which was in the bathroom. One was at the desk (no mirror) and the other was a wall outlet next to the door connecting our room to the kids鈥?room. There was a full length mirror on the door but since the outlet was down by the floor, the cord didn鈥檛 quite allow the dryer to reach the top of my head 鈥?and I鈥檓 only 5鈥?鈥? Taller people would be out of luck.We were charged for three phone calls we did not make, but the charges were removed after we disputed them. (In fairness, we had attempted the calls but there were line problems and they did not complete. At 2.50 GBP a (local) call, though, we couldn鈥檛 let this slide.) Check your bill before you leave.The hotel charges 15 GBP a day for internet service. We subscribed to boingo.com before we left the states, though, and have service for a month just $10 more. The connection worked flawlessly.TV was VERY limited. No satellite or anything other than the basic BBC and local offerings along with CNN International. No, you don鈥檛 spend much time in the room on a trip such as the one we took, but it鈥檚 nice to relax and wind down at night. Not really an option here.In sum, I feel as if we got a decent deal but I think I鈥檇 look to stay elsewhere next time. We had access to everywhere due to the proximity of the underground station (London Bridge on the Jubilee line), but felt isolated at night. Unless we wanted to get involved with a tube trip, we really had to eat and get everything else accomplished at night before heading back to the hotel. I鈥檇 also insist on being moved out of the Priceline room location facing the construction site.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2007
<Rating>3	4	4	3	5	4	-1	-1	

<Author>drp2505
<Content>Horrible Management  I stayed at the Hilton London Tower Bridge for 6 days on Vacation in London with my Fiance. After arriving from the airport, who had lost our luggage, we went to the front desk. We informed them that the luggage would be arriving later that day. We gave them all of the paper work from the airport, and told them to notifiy us once the baggage had been received. The next morning, after not receiving the baggage, I called the airport. They informed me that they had sent it, and the hotel sent it back. I went to the front desk, and they told me they never received the luggage. I then went to the concierge, and he told me that the luggage came, but he sent it back because he never got information from the front desk. I called the airport again to double check the status. Yet again, the Hotel had sent it back. I went downstairs, and the morning concierge hadn't told the afternoon concierge to expect it. I then called the airport yet again, and they sent it the next day.After dealing with all of this headache, in a foreign country, without my baggage, the hotel had the audacity to not take off any charges for my phone calls to the airport, let alone reimburse me for the expense of buying toiletries or clothing. They charged me 40 pounds, and refused to make any compromises, since they could not be responsible for luggage.The rest of the week went okay, with minor inconveniences such as the fire alarm going off at 3am, or the hotel bar charging 10 pounds per drink.But, if you want shoddy service from a 4 star hotel, that cares nothing about its patrons, feel free to stay here. My recommendation, however, is to avoid it like the plague. Maybe once management has been changed it will be better, but for the time being, stay far far away.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2007
<Rating>1	3	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>miller931
<Content>We love it!!!       Bathroom  
<Date>Aug 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Altobelli
<Content>Nice modern hotel Stayed 2 nights in this new hotel. Very similar to the new Hilton in Canary Wharf. Hilton have really upped their game with these 2 new hotels.The Tower Bridge version has the same modern design, good sized rooms with good beds. Receptionist (Anna) could not have been more pleasant.I paid 拢145 incl tax, which is ok for London. I am a hilton goldcard holder but there was no availability of an upgrade as hotel was full. I was offered complimentaty breakfast which was good - excellent selection of fresh fruit. However Hilton really have to do something about their coffee at breakfast - seems to be awful whichever hotel you stay in!Only slight downside is location - you are on the south bank and a good 拢20 taxi ride to South Kensington or Chelsea, at least 拢10 to Picaddilly. Could have got the tube for less and there is a stop a couple of blocks away.Overall, a very good experience and I would definitely return.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Surfingwoozy
<Content>Marvellous Hotel We stayed in the Hilton after going out in London one night and fromt he moment we arrived to check in it almost midlnight through to when we left the staff were attentive and helpful.The room being in a new contemporary hotel was spotless - the bed was huge ad confortable, I ended up getting one on the best nights sleep I have had in a long time.The bathroom was nicely presented with large soft towels and a shower than makes you want hours in it.We booked the Hilton hotel though Lastminute and got a great rate of 拢69 (excluding breakfast) by using the Top Secret Hotels function. This made the hotel better than excellent value for money!!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

