<Author>panarama99
<Content>Great stay for our Honeymoon We found Chelsea Pines on the recommendation of Pauline Frommer's NYC See More, Spend Less guide. We were beyond pleased with our choice! The location is great - just half a block from the subway station at 14th St  8th Ave. We took the subway everywhere we went, so this was a huge plus. The accomodations were kept very clean, and the room we had for most of our stay (a superior deluxe) was quite spacious. We moved to a superior standard for our last night, and even it was a pretty decent size. Both rooms had a mini-fridge, a flat screen TV, and an iPod dock on the alarm clock. Very nice! The staff was very friendly and always ready to help. And the breakfast was quite good. We ate it every day of our trip except for one. The homemade bread each morning was a special treat. I can't say enough great things about Chelsea Pines Inn - we scored a home run on this choice, and I wouldn't think of staying anywhere else in NYC. The price was an amazing value as well. Highly recommended!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>helen69
<Content>Really loved this hotel during our Christmas visit to NYC We recently stayed at this hotel and had a really great time. It is very conveniently situated and great value for money. I visit New York quite a bit and will from now on stay here!Well recommended.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>wonderfulword
<Content>great location at good price My first stay in this hotel was 4 years ago and I was nicely surprised by the recent makeover : good job!The staff was very helpful and friendly, the room was good size, with a nice and modern bathroom, the complementary breakfast was much better than average and the price for Manhattan ( Chelsea/ Meatpackers ) is a bargain .  
<Date>Dec 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>vanemoon
<Content>Very nice place to stay during visit to NYC       Cat  
<Date>Dec 15, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	4	

<Author>AlexanderAmsterdam
<Content>Great Location, Wonderful bed!       Jean Simmons Room  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>chookas
<Content>Good location For ease of getting around NYC Chelsea Pines Inn is in a great location, there are a number of subway lines servicing different parts of Manhattan. Overall though we can't help being disappointed in the overall experience. Our room on the second floor was excessively small (even by NYC standards), and with nowhere to store suitcases that left little room to move. I read previously that they had been refurbished but I think this room must have missed out. The room was stuffy and drab, and the hot water in the shower unreliable. Being right on W14th Street also means garbage trucks and sirens 24/7. The staff were functional but not overly friendly (not even a token offer to help carry a bag upstairs?), which we found odd having stayed at other much friendlier gl accommodations. For US$239 per night if you look hard enough there are nicer places to stay in the area for the same money.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Fish_Chowder
<Content>Adorable Inn and a Great Location The Chelsea Pines Inn is adorable, has a great location for walking or hopping the subway, and is very reasonably priced. Rooms are on the small side, but the sheets and towels are great. The staff is super!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mootoohawthorne
<Content>Perfect hotel in the perfect location My husband and I spent three nights at the Chelsea PInes Inn, on a long weekend break to New York - we loved it and heartily recommend it. The location is perfect if you want to be in walking distance of all the major sights of Manhattan, but away from the tourist rabble and high rise madness of midtown. The location between the Chelsea neighbourhood above, the Meatpacking district next door, and Greenwich Village just below is great for strolling to lovely restaurants and bars in the evening and experiencing a bit more of 'local life'.We stayed in 'Albert Finney' room which was located on the ground floor, so no stairs, and right by the complimentary hot drinks and cookies available all day until 11pm - perfect as I am six months pregnant! The room was spacious, the bed super comfy, and the bathroom well equipped, clean and stylish. We loved our visits from Charlie Chaplin, the resident cat.The staff are what really make the hotel special for New York - nothing was too much trouble, and they were really friendly without being at all intrusive - they struck the right balance. Each morning you get 'Chelsea Morning' delivered under your door which is a selection of suggestions of what's on that day in the city - a nice touch to peruse as you're enjoying the yummy complimentary breakfast including home made bread and the world's largest bagels. We'll be back!  
<Date>Oct 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>PetrusGarfield
<Content>Great Stay Great hotel, very nice room, good breakfast. Great service and a fantastic connection to the public transportation. We will stay at this hotel all the times we travel to New York in the future. Peter and Kiki  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>arrowflight
<Content>What a gem!       The view from the room  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadaSusan
<Content>In a league of its own I booked this hotel solely on the basis of reviews read here. We stayed at the Chelsea Pines Inn for 6 nights in late Sept./early October. We are two couples in our fifties. We had rooms on the second floor with bathroom. The staff were either very helpful and friendly OR just did their job efficiently, which was great. I expected small rooms (this not being my first time in NYC) but they were a bit smaller than expected. Beds, linens, towels, hot water, breakfast all good. We were very happy. Location was great. Particularly enjoyed the very warm weather and eating breakfast in the courtyard behind the dining area. I would like to make one suggestion to the owners: Due to your very small rooms ( I think ours was superior standard - Susan Hayward) and very high ceilings, perhaps you could give some thought to adding a couple of hooks in each room and/or putting up a shelf to take advantage of the vertical space you have. Due of the small amount of floor space it was difficult to keep the floor clear of clutter. I would recommend this hotel to others and would return again. Thanks for a great stay in NYC.Susan Deevy  
<Date>Oct 20, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>seattle1984
<Content>Excellent location and helpful staff! Excellent location and helpful staff! Chelsea Pines is a great place to rest your head during you New York visit. Located 3 stops from Time Square, walking distance to the Meat Packing district and Greenwich Village. Very central, great for tourists. The staff is also very friendly and kind, helping us make the most of our visit. They offered excellent dining recommendations and assisted with all of our tourist needs. The owner is a gem! :)  
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>DC_Guyz
<Content>Home away from home If you like spending time in Chelsea, the Village and the Meat Packing District, this is your best choice. Great price and the friendliest staff in town...and an adorable house cat. Very nice selection for the complimentary breakfast. The rooms are small and you'll need to climb stairs, but if you are up for that, look no further. We'll be back soon!  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>bel1979
<Content>Good location, nice staff, but overall disappointing the hotel is in a great location and the staff were very nice. however, i couldn't help but be a little bit disappinted by the whole experience. i think some rooms have been refurbished (the reception definitely looks nice and new), but ours certainly wasn't. we stayed in the lesley caron room on the top floor and while it was okay, it was just that, okay. while the room was reasonably clean, the decor is a bit old and drab (especially the sink area - the mini fridge was ancient! we had to unplug it complained so much!). the shower kept going from hot to cold, the air conditioning made a clunking noise that made a good night's sleep impossible (and if you open the window you get lots of traffic noise form 14th street, plus mosquitos). our room wasn't cleanred one day at all. so all in all it was ok and since prices in NY are so crazy probably good value for money (even though it's not cheap at all), but we won't stay here again.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tikitalbi
<Content>RECOMMENDED !!!! Tripadvisor member Antwerp/BelgiumWe enjoyed our stay in this hotel very much!!The location is just exelent with the subways nearbye .We will book in this hotel again but probably ask for a room not higher than the third floor, due to lack of an alivator.The room and the bathroom is clean and the bed comfortable.The staff is very friendly and will not hesitate to help you to book an event or explaine how to get somewhere .And...... they serve breakfast !!!  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>beachboy86
<Content>Plesant, friendly, comfortable Chelsea Pines Inn is a small hotel with a few limitations because of its size and the age of the building.  First the one con: No elevator.Now the pros: You get a considerable discount for staying on one of the upper floors.The staff is among the most helpful and friendly at any hotel I have stayed at in NYC. They try to accommodate every request, will reserve restaurants for you, book theater tickets and find discounts if any are available, and finally book a cab to get you back to the airport when you leave. And you won鈥檛 want to leave, they really make your stay special, and their assistance in getting around the city and finding things to do is pricelessThe rooms are well appointed, but a bit small, as to be expected at an older NYC hotel. All the rooms are non-smoking rooms, but there is a small outside area where you can smoke. Our room was cleaned daily and was always fresh. Apparently each one is named after a movie star, and ours was decorated with posters featuring that star. I believe that the posters are originals, not copies.Breakfast was self-serve continental with breads, pastries, cereals, juice, coffee, tea, etc. Unlike some places they kept it open until around 11AM, which was great as we were out late every day and got up late. Coffee was available all the time.While not cheap by most standards, the price was much less than any other place we looked at in the area, so I guess it was a 鈥渂argain鈥?but, boy, are hotel rooms pricy in NYC. We will definitely stay here for our next visit to New York.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	2	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Bubbles1956Essex
<Content>Fantastic find in New York !! I thought I would let you all know that there is a wonderful hotel in New York in the fashionable Chelsea area of the Meat Packing District. The staff are brilliant (especially Shaun, Daniel and Al) and were always so helpful and polite. The hotel itself was spotlessly clean and recently refurbished to a lovely standard. We had a great time in New York and they made that stay even better, nothing was too much trouble. In the past this hotel has been predominantly known for it's high percentage of gay guests and while they still do have some gay paying guests they have all other types of couples too, myself and my Husband was there with my In laws and their were varied types of couples staying and of all ages, so please do not stereotype your thinking because you will be missing out on a great place to stay when in New York.Keep it up guys - this is what hotels are supposed to be like .....  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Naomi86
<Content>Great location, not so great hotel We stayed here in August 2008, and we loved the location. The hotel is just near a subway station and a few minutes walk away from the West Village, wich we LOVED. There are some great restaurants and shops in the area. But the hotel itself couldn't live up to our expectations. The owner, Jay, was really nice and helpfull but all of the other staff seemed bored, weren't really helpfull and didn't have humor AT ALL. Also, there was only cold water coming out of the shower in the mornings. Because of that, they gave us our last night free of charge, that was really nice. The rooms weren't always cleaned and sometimes there was an ackward smell in the small room. All in all, it was an OK hotel, on a great location. If we could come to NY again, I think we would go to another hotel.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	2	1	4	

<Author>canuckshot
<Content>Great location! Hotel is in a very good location - away from all the tourist traps. Close to Union Square and the Meat Packing District and Balducci's is right around the corner (excellent meat deli there by the way). The rooms are okay - nothing special and not always the cleanest either (in our experience). There were days when the toilet wasn't cleaned and I don't think they even look under the bed (so maybe you shouldn't either). The breakfast area is a nice touch (especially the courtyard at back) and most of the staff are pretty friendly. Not sure if I'd stay here again, maybe for one or two nights max. Not terrible but nothing too special either.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>kelwalphotos
<Content>Chelsea Pines made our stay Chelsea Pines was amazing. The rooms were fun, spacious enough for two and the staff was very accommodating. The continental breakfast was great each day, they offered a plethora of food/drinks which included fresh fruit, bagels, donuts, cereal, juices, hot tea, coffee. Charlie, the resident feline, was an absolute sweetheart and a bit of a ham. Great value, clean rooms, fantastic Manhattan location (subway right on the corner.....another subway with a lot of other lines at union square was only a few blocks down 14th). It's really hard for me to sum how impressed we were in words. Staying at Chelsea Pines really did make our trip. I will say right now that the Inn is not suitable for all types! There are a lot of stairs if you have a top floor room and there is no elevator/lift. This was not a problem for me but if you do not like stairs or cannot easily get up stairs on your own, this may not be the place for you. As for the man with the newborn, a stay here may have been do-able for your family but it certainly would have been difficult. I'm sure the staff was trying to inform you of that before you came to stay. They were MORE than helpful if I ever had a question (or needed a roll of toilet paper!).  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>carroStockholm
<Content>Great place to stay in NYC A cosy, comfortable and clean litle hotel with a great location close to wherever you want to go as a tourist. Me and my three friends stayed for four nights and where very pleased with everything; the rooms were clean, the service was great, breakfast was good. I have recommended Chelsea Pines Inn too all my friends going to NYC and I will definately stay there myself next time i go!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>superlative26
<Content>Great hotel, worthy of its rating on here I chose the Chelsea Pines Inn for the New York leg of my honeymoon trip after reading such good reviews of it on Trip Advisor. We stayed for four nights, and I was really pleased with the choice that I made.We stayed in the Lee Remick room, which was clean and very comfortable, and like all the rooms at the hotel had cool movie posters for decoration. It was on the fourth floor with a nice view of the street; as other reviewers have mentioned, there is no lift at this hotel, so there were quite a lot of stairs to climb, but I was aware of that in advance so it was fine. The street wasn't particularly noisy, and as we were up quite high we were never bothered by the traffic.It was very hot and humid in the city during our stay, but the air conditioning worked very well and so it was very pleasant in our room. Breakfast was nice, kind of American/continental with a range of muffins and bagels, breads, cereals, etc. You could also get tea, coffee, ice and cookies from the breakfast area at any time during the day, which meant you didn't miss having tea-making facilities in your room.The hotel was very quiet, I don't think they encourage children there, which suited us very well. I heard no noise from any other rooms, or even from people passing in the corridor.The staff were lovely and very helpful. We had no problems at all with arriving late (about 9pm), and they were able to give us lots of useful information on where to go and what to do in the city.My only criticism would be that our room often wasn't made up until about 4pm, which meant when we came back in the afternoon we sometimes had to wait while they finished it. This wasn't really a problem, and might have been because they start on the lower floors and work up. We never had to wait more than about 15 minutes anyway, so by the time we'd got a drink downstairs it was fine.The location is good as it is close to a subway station, and if you don't mind walking you can get to Times Square in about half an hour. There are lots of restaurants nearby, and the gay bars of Chelsea and the West Village are within easy walking distance.I would thoroughly recommend this hotel, and if I came back to New York would definitely try to book here again. It really does deserve all the good reviews it's had on here.Thank you Chelsea Pines!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>JulianNewbury
<Content>Its great I stayed at the chelsea pines for one week with my best mate, we are from england!The general areas of the hotel are exremely clean and fresh, the breakfast was good - self service in kitchen to the rear of the property.We stayed in a budget room, and each room is based upon a theatre show I think.......our room had a big yellow stripe thing accross the wall from memory, Yellow brick road??.The staff were very polite and really helpful. We spoke at length to one of them (blonde, 40's, skinny) and he was always answering our questions.Its location is good, a 20 minute walk into town, and the hotel are always happy to book your taxi's for airport runs etc.Would recommend it no problem  
<Date>Aug 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mcarpentier
<Content>Chelsea Pines Inn is a great little hotel with a fantastic location We stayed for a week last June. The hotel is truly wonderful, great rooms decorated with a movie theme (every room a different moviestar, very funny). The rooms are large for NY. Our room was on the backside and it was absolutely QUIET, really great.One of the best things about the hotel is its location... First of all, it is on the edge of Chelsea and West Village, close to the hip Meatpacking district (there's even an Apple Store on the corner!), so there's plenty to do and see, and even more to eat... But equally important, it is literally 2 minutes from a subway station that has lines both going north-south but also east-west, which means that it becomes really easy to go anywhere in Manhattan really quick. Jay Lesiger, the owner and a very nice man, gave us the great suggestion to get a 1-week metro card for $25... Outstanding value. And Jay will prove to be a great help in pointing out things to do, see and eat in the area and the city. I truly recommend the Chelsea Pines Hotel for anyone who would like something else than a Times Square Large Impersonal Hotel Chain Hotel.Mike from Belgium  
<Date>Jul 18, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>rafo
<Content>No CHILDREN Wanted I was planning a stay in New York with my wife and newborn baby. I read the wonderful reviews at the reasonably prices hotel. However, when I called I was told the hotel was not suitable for children or infants under 16 years old. I did not quite understand so I asked and was told that the hallways were not very wide, the bathrooms were small, and the building did not have an elevator. WOW, I did not know that newborns needed these amenities. ONLY IN NYC!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kdegour23
<Content>Gem in NYC! We just returned from an overnight at The Chelsea Pines in in NYC. We were attending a concert at the Hiro Ballroom in The Maritime Hotel, and couldn't afford a room there. So we started doing some research to find something more reasonable. We came across CPI from a map-quest search for hotels close to the concert venue. The Hotel was spotless, very tasteful, exceptionally welcoming (a plus for us, since we don't know NYC very well, and felt a little overwhelmed). Each room has a movie star theme. But it's nothing gaudy or tacky. In our room (we stayed in Room 135, the Tony Curtis room) there was a Tony Curtis gold star on the door, and it was decorated with very cool, framed movie posters from his films. The bed was very comfy, the AC worked perfectly, the towels were heavenly, the toiletries were exceptional, the room was clean and comfortable, there was a safe and a fridge, very nice TV with cable, and free wi-fi access. Some rooms (the Economy rooms) share a toilet but have privates showers. Our room was a Deluxe Superior, and had a complete private bathroom. Your stay includes a great continental breakfast in a cute kitchen area, and you have access to coffee, tea, cookies, etc at all hours. Also, there is a cute veranda for outdoor seating. I should mention that while NYC is obviously noisy, the CPI was totally quiet from the moment we walked in the front door. I don't know if it's a noise-proof door, or what, but we were very impressed. Our room was equally quiet, although we were aware of people using the hallway toilets during the night. The CPI is also easy walking distance to lots of great restaurants, bars, and shops. We were disappointed we only had one night there!The Chelsea Pines Inn is a gay hotel, although they welcome all orientations. My husband and I (obviously not gay) felt completely comfortable and welcomed by everyone we encountered. We will absolutely stay at The Chelsea Pines Inn again when we make it back to NYC!  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Ambr0se
<Content>Absolutely amazing!!!! What a fantastic little hotel! The staff were very friendly - you might be mistaken to think you were somewhere else but New York! The room was spacious and clean. The breakfast was good and the all day coffee and cookies was a nice treat. The subway is also very close to the hotel. I stayed here for four nights that seemed to go by so quickly. I will definitely be back here again soon!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ianst
<Content>great stay Ideal location, very very close to subway station, breakfast provided for free, room very small but doable for a few nights, and to be expected from new york. Staff very friendly and helpful.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Notrealname17
<Content>It was GREAT! NYC - thought I'd hate it. Went with my wife for a gallery opening.surprisingly, the city was good. The hotel was great. very accommating, helpful, close to subway + galleries+ good restrauants, etc.When we go back, we'll stay here again.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ctoch
<Content>What a delight! We stayed nine nights at Chelsea Pines, so we had ample opportunity to experience the many facets of hotel life. The quiet, pleasant, respectful atmosphere of the hotel made it a nice place to come home to. With excellent access to all lines on the subway, Broadway and the Financial District are no more than 15 minutes away. Two blocks away on 9th Ave. are many of the hottest night spots in the city, but Chelsea Pines remains a calm amidst the storm. We loved the neighborhood away from the roaring madness of Times Square, but with easy access if we chose to go there. I can't say that I loved climbing two flights of stairs, but it was good for me, and having Charlie the Cat greet us during most trips made the climb a little more effortless. The staff offered help with luggage, so that was not a problem. The movie theme of each room is playful and adds to the ambience. The rooms were spotless each day, and the staff was quick to offer help with any needs.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Sinking_Dutchman
<Content>Good location; value To give some frame of reference for my review: When my wife and I travel (especially in Europe) we tend to stay in small hotels and pensions independently owned and without most amenities. That is the type of establishment to expect with the Chelsea Pines Inn. It is run by a friendly staff that happily held our bags while we explored the city and immediately addressed any small concerns that arose. The hotel is located in Chelsea less than a block from a subway station (A, C, E and L lines) and within an easy walk to Greenwich Village and Soho. The breakfast mainly consisted of breads, bagels and the like with coffee milk and juice but the all-day cookie jars as well as a welcome candy dish added a nice touch of hospitality. Before I go any further I should mention that we stayed in their least expensive room on the 5th floor. That is important for two reasons: One, the hotel has no elevator. After a day of walking the steps are not nearly as welcome as the candy dish. Second, as we walked past rooms being cleaned many looked cleaner, larger and more well kept than ours. That being said it does seem fair to judge a hotel based on the accommodations they offer and ours were slightly below average in terms of cleanliness, decor and comfort for this type of hotel when compared to other cities (this was my first time at this type of hotel within the City so I have no direct comparison). The lobby and the convention of naming rooms after old Hollywood stars implies a hip atmosphere that got nowhere near our room. Institutional green walls and an old flat-pack cabinet were the interior decorating. But again, we didn't have to spend much money, the place felt safe, the staff was friendly and we didn't vacation in New York to hang out in our hotel room. When all is said and done it did the job as well as was needed.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	2	

<Author>lubnerina
<Content>Home away from home at the Chelsea Pines Inn The Chelsea Pines Inn, wonderfully located on West 14th St in NYC, has got all the details right. The staff are personable and friendly, yet there is a sense of valued privacy for all. The rooms have movie star themes (for instance, I was in the Kim Novack room), complete with movie posters and a star on the door. Towells are thick, beds are very comfortable, the lighting is flatteringly adjustable, and the vintage of the building allows great audial privacy (thick walls and floors). In other hotels, I can often hear my neighbors sneeze, shower, etc.It is a walk up (no lift), so do be prepared to schlep your bags up the stairs. Coffee and freshly baked breads are offered each morning. An amusing and informative news sheet (Chelsea Morning News) is slipped under your door each dawn with all the current details of importance: weather, local eating/drinking/gathering establishments, events in the city. I found this daily missive a very thoughtful touch.The location is ideal: close to subways, easy walking distance to Chelsea, Greenwich Village, Chelsea Piers. There is even a movie star cat, Charlie Chaplin (in black and white only)!  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>WestsideRen
<Content>Great stay! We loved our stay in the Chelsea Pines Inn. It is in a convenient part of town (on 14th Street between 8th and 9th Aves) within walking distance of Soho, Greenwich Village etc and very close to a subway stop. The hotel itself is clean and our room (the Ann-Margret room) had everything we needed: safe, ironing board, aircon, ipod charger etc. The staff were friendly and helpful, and the complimentary breakfast was a bonus. The only downside was the staircase - be prepared to trudge up the stairs with your luggage unless you request  pay more for a lower floor! Overall though we had a great stay for the price, and would stop here again.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>thereseo
<Content>Perfect Value Perfect Place This place is amazing. We just stayed in the Tony Curtis room. It had a bathroom and was very clean and wonderful. The directions to and from the Inn were helpful and it's centrally located and easy to get to. I found all the staff friendly and helpful. We had a lot of great recommendations for restaurants and things to do. The continental breakfast was a life-saver and very hearty and good. The rooms are small, but we didn't mind that. They were really clean, however, and there was air conditioning that worked well along with big windows that opened. Our room was on the 2nd floor in the back and really perfect. We had a view of the garden and it was quiet and really wonderful. We were sad to come home! We'll definately return again.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>sadie22
<Content>Lovely Hotel in the Heart of The City This hotel is such good value and much better than the traditional tourist hotels. The location is excellent and you actually feel that you are staying in the real NY. The rooms were spotless and very comfortable and the staff were very friendly and helpful. One minor complaint was a lack of breakfast one morning but this is easily forgiven considering the selection every other day. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to stay in a small comfortable hotel at a great value price.  
<Date>May 9, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	5	3	3	

<Author>Familycar
<Content>A Bargain at Twice the Price CPI is my favorite inn in NYC. Everyone is welcome and the diversity of visitors having morning coffee in the breakfast room can be as interactive of an event as you want -- there's no forcing of dialogue as in some BBs. Fresh pastry and bagels are brought in every morning and it's well attended to by staff; therefore there aren't crumbs, banana peels, and used mugs ever competing for space at a table. The owner, Jay, even makes fresh bread every morning.The staff is extremely kind, generous, and helpful and the rooms are elegant in their simplicity and clean clean clean. The neighborhood is full of restaurants and conveniences and the property is less than a block away from the subway. CPI is a wonderful place to call home in the city -- and upon returning from a day at work or touring, there are chocolates, cookies, and tea. There is no elevator, so if you have a lot of luggage, the staff will assist (or if you carry your own bags this can ameliorate any guilt after discovering those bottomless cookie and chocolate jars). I've stayed in almost every room in the inn, and each one is a retro treat with movie posters from ages past. Rooms facing the street have white noise machines, which block well most ambient noise. The guest rooms across from the bathrooms can be a bit noisy, though, but it is overall a very quiet inn that's personalized but not intrusive in its service.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>ToadRoad
<Content>Excellent location, good value, neutral service The location, at the confluence of two or three intriguing neighborhoods, spitting distance from subway stations...is ideal. It was even pretty quiet at night (our room did not face the street). The patrons were all grown-up well-behaved types, so no partying sounds. A local daycare lets the kids out to play at about 9AM -- it's a nice noise to wake up to.I think they may have remodeled recently, as I did not notice any of the shabbiness that previous reviewers mentioned. (My husband did say he thought it was a little rough around the edges, though.) Yes, when you enter the lobby there is a little mustiness -- I think there may be dryers on site that don't vent so well, though I'm not sure. But the upstairs rooms (climbing 5 flights a few times a day is not bad as long as you know what you're in for) were bone dry.There were great elements -- quality beds, excellent sheets. Mini-fridge without any of the usual expensive impulse snacks. Varied fare at the continental breakfast. Thoughtful listing of three events/locations of note, slipped by elves under the door each night.There were some lacks -- no hooks, towel racks, or phone books. Not a big deal, but those things would have made an extended stay a little easier for us. Small spaces, of course, so there was some creative bathroom fixture placement -- don't be too obese if you expect fit in certain important bathroom niches!The guys who cleaned the rooms were friendly and genuine. The guys who worked the desk were unfailingly polite, patient and helpful. In general, though, there was not a warm vibe. It was kind of like -- efficient waiters. Which some guests will be very happy with, certainly. But I see that at least one other previous reviewer noted there is little chatter between guests, or between guests and staff. Maybe this is just NYC, and I'm a closet Minnesotan? I think that the campy decor made me expect a little more...chatty, casual interaction, human warmth, give and take, laughter.One owner went out of his way to help us once. The other owner, well -- he made me feel as if I was in his way during his day at his hotel, a few times. Like I was in his living room.In general, I would describe the tenor of the service as reserved...or standoffish, depending on what you like for interaction during your vacation.It did bother me a little that no women seemed to work at the hotel. It was not an *exclusively* gay male clientele, so why the apparent lack of women employees?Definitely book a stay if you want a decent value at a great location, a seamless NYC stay. After all, who wants to spend much time in the hotel room in that city? I'd think twice if you are a single person travelling alone, wanting to make friendly connections with people. Go to Toronto :)  
<Date>Apr 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	2	-1	

<Author>Dubliner(F)
<Content>Great Hotel       Ellis Island  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roxy-Popsy
<Content>So pleased I stayed here I stayed here for 3 nights in March  booked this hotel after reading the positive reports on Trip. I was travelling alone  had friends staying in a nearby hotel.I have asked permission of those named below to include them by name.I arrived after 7pm  was warmly welcomed by Richard. Thank you. I was on the 2nd floor in the 'Troy Donahue' room which was facing the street. The room was clean  quirky with huge posters. I had chosen a room with sink  shower but without toilet. The loo was just along the corridor  I never saw anyone else go in or out. It suited me fine.The bed was very large  very comfy. The only slight drawback was that as the bed was so large it was near the far end wall  I had to siddle past. Having said that it was great to have a big bed.The shower was efficient  towels replaced daily as needed. The complimentary toiletries were most welcome.The breakfasts were good  set me up for the day. There was a choice of orange juice, coffee, various teas, 2 types of cereal, fruit, muffins, doughnuts, bagels  cookies. The plates were fab. All themed around filmstars  movies. I'm a saddo  I took photos of my plates each day having chosen different ones each morning.My friend arrived to collect me on the first morning  I had asked Richard the night before if it would be ok if my friend had a coffee  cookie with me, I would happily pay if he would added it to my bill. He said there was no need  my friend would be welcome. What a warm gesture  much appreciated.Each evening when I returned to the hotel Richard was on duty  we had great chats. He was really helpful over all sorts of info I wanted to know. Thank you again.The other guests were quiet but we passed the time of day.On the last morning I went to reception to ask if I could check in for my flight. Ric (not Richard) was on duty, I hadn't met him before. Another total sweetie. He happily helped me to check in using his computer  then printed off the confirmation sheet for me at no cost.I also met Jay, the owner, on my last morning, again another really warm helpful guy. When I was ready to leave, he helped me with my bags  hailed a cab for me. Thank you.I really appreciated the warmth shown to me by Richard, Ric  Jay. They made a good stay GREAT!I would return. The location was excellent with the subway at the end of the street, a minute walk away. All the cab drivers knew of the location which is a bonus.If you like a good location  quirkiness then stay here. There was redecoration going on but every establishment has to maintain a property. It didn't interfer with my stay at all.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ferrelled
<Content>would not again I've stayed at a few gay hotels: Barcelona, Phoenix, San Francisco, and they all had more atmosphere than this one. If I had it to do over again, I would stay at one of the hotels in the area that lists itself as gay friendly. I feel as though I paid for the privilege of being in a gay-owned hotel -- like it was a tax.Granted, the guy at the desk upon arrival was very welcoming, even entertaining. I had the Rock Hudson room on the 5th floor. Didn't mind the climb but didn't much appreciate each day having to step over the vacuum cleaner stored right outside my door. And gazing at the extension ladder hung on the stairwell wall. I think, for the price, there are better places.As for it being a gay hotel, compared to the others where I've stayed, this one didn't have much gay atmosphere. Other than the 4 friends I traveled with (and we stayed there on the high recommendation of one of them), no one else seemed interested in engaging in any conversation or even acknowledgement.As in another review, the Rock Hudon room had a double bed up against the window and a single against the wall. I used the single as a suitcase rack but the double/single combination reminded me of some inexpensive family rooms one would find in London or other parts of Europe... a bit like a dorm room. In all fairness, no street noise though.My biggest complaint (we were there in hot, early September) was the the air con unit sump pump kicking on and off with a thud every 30 seconds or so, and, even when I turned my unit off, the unit for the next room over still clicked on and off noticeably all night long. Mentioning this to the front desk got absolutely no acknowledgement other than: Yeah, that's the air con unit. Others have mentioned it, too. Too much money for no atmosphere.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>birdsontour
<Content>Loved it! What a sweet hotel! The staff were so helpful and friendly and we loved the bagel breakfast. Our room was spacious and funky - only problem was that the shower cubicle leaked a bit and made the room smell a bit damp. Otherwise we loved the area too and found it very convenient for Greenwich and other cool areas. Would deffo stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>seanpmoran
<Content>Great Place we were recommended the chelsea pines by two friends who are regular guests - it was really superb. Greta location for subway to all parts of NY as well as being close to the Village and Chelsea districts.The room was great - lots of space (we had a superior deluxe on 2nd floor) The staff were all friendly and the inclusive breakfast and all day coffee and cookies was a nice touch.Will definately return  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>robzteruk
<Content>Would Return My bf and i stayed in dec last year and was very happy with everything apart from Housekeeping as our Deluxe room was only cleaned twice in a week.The other problem was the noise if you stay on the ground floor,we had the Albert Finney room next to the Kitchen and the staff are very noisy at midnight banging plates and getting breakfast ready and then again each morning was noisy.The room was clean shabby chic. Bathroom was boiling all the time but clean and nice.Nice tvnice wardrobe but small and with all our shopping we soon packed the room full of all those bargains.Never had breakfast only the odd cookie and tea.we are returning again this dec 2008 as it was all in all pretty great.Staff were friendly.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>DeniseColly
<Content>Brilliant!       The Tony Curtis Room!  
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Amy_la_belge
<Content>Great hotel, great location, lovely breakfast I stayed here in Nov/Dec 2007 with a group of friends and my husband. We were in the Debbie Reynolds room on the 3rd floor. The room was warm, a fairly decent size (for NYC!), and the bathroom was really nice. Rooms were cleaned daily and you also got a newsletter giving ideas of things to do every day. The breakfasts were sensational: Huge muffins, bagels, cream cheese, smoked salmon, yogurts, tea/coffee, doughnuts - very delicious and filling. Tea/coffee and cookies were also available all day, which was nice when you came in from a long day's shopping. The guys who own the hotel were really friendly, and gave some great recommendations for restaurants in the area. A couple of the staff weren't so helpful, but on the whole I found them pretty good. The hotel's location is really great - right on the corner of 8th Av and 14th St - really handy for the subway and shopping. We had friends in a 3 person room on the 4th floor, which was also pretty nice, and a deluxe room on the 5th floor, which had a separate area with a table and a much bigger bedroom. The stairs were quite a challenge with the suitcases, but really not an issue - you need something to help you work off the breakfast every day!This was my second trip to NYC, and I think that value-for-money wise you really can't do much better than this place.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>Jetsetpainter
<Content>A little rough round the edges but charming with it My boyfriend and I had 4 nights in the Chelsea Pines at the end of a 2 1/2 month roadtrip round the US. Our dream had been to end the trip in style with a luxury stay in a trendy NY boutique hotel, but lack of funds and the mistake of arriving the day after Thanksgiving somewhat put paid to that. We had a lot of trouble even finding a hotel that had rooms for less than $300 a night but luckily the Chelsea Pines came to the rescue. We had 2 nights in an 'Economy' room on the 4th floor and then switched to a more expensive room on the 5th floor. The Economy room was adequate although pretty cramped and a little frayed around the edges. The worst thing was the shower curtain which looked as if it had been there, unwashed, for a good few years - in which time it had got pretty stained and mouldy at the bottom! The room decor was also a little random although we loved the film posters (a theme which is continued throughout the hotel). The skirting boards and the sides of cupboards all had metal checkerboard which is an unusual style of decor to say the least! The more luxurious room we had for the last two nights was great - much more spacious with a separate, tiled entrance area off of which was the bathroom, and much nicer decor and furnishings overall. Being on the 5th floor though it did take it out of us getting up and down those stairs.The communal areas of the inn did suffer slightly from being a little shabby and not quite as clean as you might expect - they had a bit of a musty smell which may have been down to the resident cat. However the breakfast area was very nice and as the other reviewers have said, a decent spread for brekkie, with great movie themed plates! Staff were on the whole friendly and helpful, especially the managers. One or two of the more junior staff were a little surly but we put it down to the early starts. Overall the whole atmosphere was very laid back and guests are left to their own devices.The fantastic location is the best thing of all about the inn, with a subway station practically next door, and Chelsea, Soho, the Village, Meatpacking district etc all short walks away. Some great thai restaurants up 8th Ave and great bars and pricier restaurants in the Meatpacking.Overall we had a pleasant time here and the friendliness and location made up for the slightly ramshackle nature of the place.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	2	5	2	3	

<Author>Tiny84
<Content>Great location  Stayed here for 5 nights in December. We stayed in the Rock Hudson room on the top (5th) floor, which was a bit of a slog even without luggage! It was one of the deluxe rooms, and I think the reason for this was the space really. It had a double  a single bed, the typical quirky film-related decor as has been mentioned, a flat-screen TV and an ipod dock. There was also a fridge in the hallway which we didn't use but could be handy. The room was nice, comfortable and felt spacious. It was front-facing though so we bought earplugs as not used to city noise! If you were in one of the rooms at the back you would probably be fine though. The bathroom could have done with a bit of renovation but I'm sure the owners know that. It was all a bit old  worn, although everything worked fine. I wouldn't really have wanted to take a bth though. Breakfast was good with plenty of variety and plenty of everything!The staff were friendly, particularly the managers/owners. We did ask one guy about the best way to get to Newark (we had arrived at JFK) and he was spectacularly unhelpful, but went back later when one of the managers was on the desk and he was very helpful and booked a Carmel car to take us there.As everyone has said, the location is excellent, very near the subway and places to eat. Less than 10 minutes from Bleecker street. If you're looking for places to eat nearby, the Italian they recommend is good (and good value), as is the Spanish resturant Centro Nacional down the street, and Mi Cocina on Jane Street (7 mins away).Only criticism - could be a bit cleaner. I think they need a new vacuum cleaner as theirs isn't really doing the best job!All in all, I would say for the space you get, breakfast  location, plus the relaxed  friendly atmosphere, it's great value.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>megart
<Content>kept me toasty in chilly NYC I just got back from a 5 night stay at Chelsea Pines and really liked it. The service was really wonderful, the bed comfy, and there was no chance we would be cold on those 20 degree evenings as the room was always warm and the bed sufficiently dressed. Perfect location, entertaining decor, great TV selection. Subway access was jut a few steps away, as well as a Balducci's for all our gourmet snacking needs. Chelsea market also at the opposite end of the block. Neighborhood was excellent and a short walk to the West Village and Magnolia Bakery.Would stay again and recommend it to like-minded casual laid back NYC visitors.Oh - and Charlie the cat was a sweetheart!  
<Date>Dec 9, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mjordan33
<Content>A Good Deal for NYC, but Average I was in New York City for a couple of days to see friends and I was looking for a place @ $200-250 that was clean and comfortable. My room at the Chelsea Pines was reasonably cute; it looked like a tiny East Village studio, minus kitchen. I never quite felt comfortable there, though. The carpet wasn't quite clean enough for me to walk around barefoot, the bed was obviously years old, though not horrendously uncomfortable. The hotel does however have an exceptional location, near many subway lines. After this experience I realize that on my next trip to New York I need to bite the bullet and pay $300+ for a room in which I will feel comfortable.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	2	5	3	3	

<Author>solotrav7701
<Content>enjoyed and wud stay again we stayed 9 nov for 4 nights, having booked directly with the hotel, the staff where really helpful and when i emailed them prior to staying asking for some advice they responded straight away. during our stay they continued to be really helpful and always acknowledged us when we were coming and going.we stayed on the 3rd floor [which made me out of breath each time but i knew that when i booked it], the staff took our bags up and brought them down at the end of our stay. the room was nice, a fridge which was really useful because there is a amazing deli on the corner! a little noisy but so is everywhere in NYThe location, brilliant, subway on the corner on 14th and 8th [i so lov saying that it makes me sound as if i know what im talking about!], Greenwich village round the corner, nice walk to [20mins] to Times square etcBreakfast was lovely, very relaxed from 8-11 i think, breads [different one each day], muffins, donuts ect and smoked salmon for the bagels at the wend. the bfast bar was nice during the day as well, as there was coffee and biscuits throughout the day and plates and glasses if you wanted to eat take out [the deli was amazing and we couldnt miss the opportunity at least one night]overall really nice, what made in special the customer service and Charlie the Cat!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GayTwosome
<Content>Excellent value for such a popular location For $275 a night this property was a good deal. We had a Superior Deluxe on the second floor. The railroad car shaped room had adequate space for the two of us and our luggage. But as their website clearly states, this is a converted 5 story brownstone with no elevator and the stairs are quite narrow and steep. If one of the attendants carries your luggage to and from your room, be sure to tip him well. He will have earned it. The bath was clean, but tiny..no sharing. The shower was a separate glass brick enclosure around the corner in the sitting area. The bed was extremely comfortable and our room facing the back was very quiet. The central air worked perfectly but it was nice to be able to open the window for fresh air. The sitting area was spartan with a small round table that barely held a laptop and the lamp. The 2 metal chairs could have used cushions, but at least the the free wireless was very fast. Each morning one of us would fetch a muffin and coffee from the kitchen downstairs and both were fresh and tasty. Everyone on the staff was courteous and helpful and it was great to have someone at the desk 24 hrs. If you are comfortable with B  B's, you should like this place, and although it is not particularly botique or plush, it does have character. When 2 and 3 star hotel rooms that week (before the NY Marathon) were going for $500, it was a find. And having Balducci's and the Chelsea Market at opposite ends of the block added to the experience. With superb flights to and from Seattle on Jet Blue and excellent towncar service from/to JFK by Carmel, it was a wonderful 5 days. And we saw Xandu on Broadway twice. Go, you'll love it.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>nickswlon
<Content>Home from Home I loved this hotel.I arrived after an 8 hour journey from Atlanta. It's just a short walk from W14th Street station and was an welcome oasis. Also close to the Village.Richard on reception was very welcoming, knowing who I was as I came through the door exhausted. I was staying in the Tony Curtis room at the back of the hotel. It's a standard room with bathroom. It was small but I loved it - very homely.There is no lift so not ideal ias you have to carry your own bags.It's so often the people that make or break a stay and the staff here was so welcoming. I had a quick run in with the guy who looks like the uncle from The Sopranos when I lost my room key, but he was only looking after my own security.Continental breakfast was included and is taken in the small room at the back. It's small and I couldn't find a table to myself and not feeling sociable at that time of day, I had breakfast at Balduccis on the corner, Starbucks and the corner diner (on different mornings!)I can't recommend this place enough and I'd like to stay there again on my next visit.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>yapton
<Content>Great location too... The person we spoke to when booking was very helpful and informative, even offering travel advice for other parts of our extended visit to the east coast.The room was perfectly prepared and the housekeeping, for the 3 nights we stayed, first rate. The decoration was completely charateristic of the unusual style and decor chosen for the hotel.One expects a NYC hotel to have a higher price bracket to those elsewhere and given that, we felt the super delux room was good value for money. Breakfast provision was very satisfactory, although it could get quite cosy if too many guests ate at the same time. It was nice to have the use of proper plates and mugs.For us, the location a couple of minutes from the Subway and allowing full walking access to The Village was just right for the evening choice of restautant and drinking, or simply strolling.One small warning, if you struggle with stairs and carrying bags up them, this may be an issue, as there isn't a lift (elevator). We'd recomment the Chelsey and would stay again.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>superwrong
<Content>An excellent little hotel in a great part of town We spent a great 4 nights in the Donna Reid room and absolutely loved the hotel and its location. The staff are very friendly and really make you feel at home. We had a standard room on the 4th floor, worth booking at least a standard so you don't have to share a toilet. The room was small, but large enough. The bed was very comfortable and the window, which overlooked the small courtyard garden had a blackout blind so we got some great sleep! Breakfast was a help yourself affair, the Sunday morning offering included smoked salmon and cream cheese. In the week we got a big selection of muffins, doughnuts and cookies, plus cereal, fruit and English muffins with jam. You could help yourself to a hot drink and cookie at any time of the day and you could buy bottled water from the fridge for $1 a bottle. A short walk from the hotel there is a huge selection of bars, restaurants and shops. This was my fourth trip to New York and this is the friendliest hotel I have stayed in, in by far the best location. Walking down Hudson street you could choose a different restaurant everynight for a fortnight and still not experience it all. There's also a great choice of bars. If you're gay you'll love the relaxed and friendly atmosphere, and if you're straight - ditto! Highly recommended and we'll definitely go back.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>honeybun
<Content>Liked this place ALOT Stayed here with my husband for seven nights. We found the hotel to be very well located with subway on the street and easy walking to the village, soho, chelsea and meatpacking. Hotel itself was fine, the rooms were well appointed. we stayed in the Rock Hudson delux room and Anne Francis delux room both on fifth floor - quite a hike esp at the end of long days of walking manhattan but not a real problem after a couple of margeritas - very clean and it was really nice to come back to someone having switched on the AC as NYC was having a really hot beginning of fall when we went with temps in 80s. Found the staff to be friendly and helpful but unobtrusive and have already reco the hotel to a friend who is planning a trip to new york in the not too distant future. Thanks Chelsea Pines Inn for a great stay, I am pretty sure we will be back.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>belladonnamaria
<Content>Excellent base for visiting NYC We really enjoyed Chelsea Pines Inn and would happily recommend it to anyone as an excellent place to stay in New York. It's perfectly located for exploring - close to the subway and easy walking distance to Chelsea, the Village, just about anywhere. We were in on the top floor (NB: there's no elevator, only some fairly steep flights of stairs - a good cardio workout!) which overlooked the garden, so the room was very quiet and surprisingly spacious. The provision of a fridge was handy. The staff are really friendly too.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>colindkavanagh
<Content>Fantastic find       Extra washing space  
<Date>Sep 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>sdwoman
<Content>wonderful welcome My husband and I were delighted with the warm welcome we received. The staff and owner went out of their way to be helpful. The location is perfect, the rooms while tiny provide everything you could ask for, and the friendly hotel cat, charming garden and good free breakfasts make this small hotel a real find.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>thislittlepiggy
<Content>Made welcome at a perfect location Great location - really near the meatpacking district. Staff were friendly and welcoming. Rooms felt really unique, total opposite of most generic hotels. Loved the daily newsletter they put under your door with hints of things to do for the day.We were on the third floor and it really isn't a drag at all walking up the stairs so don't let that put you off!Would definitely stay there again next time I'm in NY.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>NigelLondon
<Content>Terrific Have been staying at CPI regularly over past few years - next visit looming at end of August. Would not contemplate staying anywhere else. Perfect location, full of character, friendly and welcoming staff, rooms even better now with smart updating, great breakfast, free coffee all day. For me, it cannot be faulted.  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CardiffExplorer
<Content>A resident cat with a goatee       The view from our room  
<Date>Jul 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>retcop
<Content>Outstanding My children and I stayed at the Chelsea Pines Inn recently. We found the staff and owners outstanding. Service with a smile. The rooms were fantastic and newly painted, and very comfortable, with a movie motif in each room and hallway. The breakfast was continental and very good. Parking is three doors down and the subway was easy and at near corners. Questions were answered with ease and again a smile. Very secure area also. Even groceries and bakeries nearby, along with many, many shops and eateries. Looking forward to our next visit.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sandsweetie
<Content>Super clean and affordable The hotel was very clean and to rooms were very unique. The staff was extremely helpful and friendly. They have a great continental breakfast and an outside courtyard to enjoy it. Extremely close to the subway so you can travel all over the city. Excellent italian food at Primitivo a few blocks away.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Nermaliods
<Content>Clean, comfortable, pleasant       The Kim Novak Room II  
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>Melanie3979
<Content>Perfect location and hosts.       Ann Margret Room  
<Date>May 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Jeffrey
<Content>Just love the Chelsea area Trying to find a place to stay, at the last minute, in NY can be tough especially for a reasonable price. Which brings me to the CPI. Great location, friendly, and going through some updating to make the place even better. The room we had was on the smaller side (Kim Novak Room) but who stays in their room. Rooms are decorated w/ movie posters. Everything you need,shower, clean, close to the subway  includes a nice continental breakfast. This is a gay establishment but my wife and I felt right at home with the help of Charlie the cat!!!! No elevator and we made it up to our room with no problem even at our age (mid 50's). Emails to the property were answered quickly  professionally. I repeat, Great Location, Good Price, Clean and a friendly staff. Thanks CPI !!!!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Kris10Toronto
<Content>Loved Chelsea Pines!       Loved the old posters!  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>maru2217
<Content>Fabulous Inn! We loved our stay here. The rooms were clean and roomie considering it's the city. Breakfast was great every morning and included fresh baked breads. The staff was very polite and let us check in a little early. They also gave us suggestions on which trains to take where. Every morning we got a newsletter telling us of things to do in the city, like new museum openings or shows at near by theaters. There were maps of the city and fliers for different things to do in the hotel as well.The location was great too and for the price, you just can't beat it. I will definitely stay here again and recommend it to my friends!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Onvasurlemonde
<Content>Great fun in a fun part of Manhattan. My partner and I discovered the CP Inn in a guide book. And not wanting to spend years trawling the net for a better deal we called them direct and made the reservation.Let me say it clearly and without ambiguity: This place is great and for all the right reasons.Yes, each room is themed and has name of an Academy Award winning actor.... but lets talk for real: This place is central, its clean and although it was being renovated during our stay, it was very comfortable. The other great advantage to this hotel is that if you're a gay/lesbian traveller who likes to meet other people when you travel there are lots of opportunities to do just that. The typical traveller to CP Inn is not a snooty type (they're on a budget too, remember?) and that means that your stay in New York can be extra fun. Location is fine- remember, you'll be in Manhattan and nothing is really that far away. Loads of shops, restaurants and what ever else you're inclined to do around the corner.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>DavidnDarrin
<Content>Great Location Stayed for a week at the Chelsea Pines Inn. It was a great location, close to the subway and also to a grocery store which came in handy for water, snacks etc. Room was small, very clean. Great breakfast. We stayed on the fifth floor and there is no elevator so we did get our exercise every day. Take that into consideration when you book. We are in pretty good shape and did alot of huffing and puffing as we climbed the stairs, especially with luggage. That is the only reason why I rated it average. I'd stay there again for sure  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nishkanu
<Content>Fabulous digs for little dough We recently stayed at the Chelsea Pines for about a week, and loved it. The location is fabulous, at the intersection of Chelsea, the Village, and the Meatpacking DIstrict there is no lack of things to do, and the subway is a half block away for wider excursions. The hotel itself is a great home-away-from-home: friendly, pleasant, clean, and stylish (if your sense of style runs to the funky and kitsch, which ours definitely does). Rooms are on the small side, as you'd expect in Manhattan, but are laid out to take advantage of every inch and are very comfortable to be in. The included breakfast is a bonus. The staff is a gem. We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>stagirl74
<Content>Ok for straight folks too At a quite last minute decision, I scrambled to book a BB in NYC. The Chelsea Pines was available, and I had glanced at the website very quickly. They didn't charge me any different for only a one-night stay, and the customer service on the phone was extremely informative and friendly. After I booked I examined the website further to see that the Chelsea caters more often to the gay community, and I had no problem with this but wondered if we'd feel like the outcasts at all. This was NOT the case at all. Getting there was extremely easy-from Penn Station only one stop using the A train downtown. The inn is directly visible upon exiting the subway station. It is secured, and service is right inside the door. We were given key-cards and told that coffee is always available. Our room was 3 flights up, and had just been cleaned. It was small, but nicely decorated with Ann-Margaret movie posters. The bathroom was very clean with wonderful thick towels and had a separate shower stall. It came with a fridge  full cable tv. For a short stay I would highly recommend it. If I stayed for a week's worth, the only thing I might not have liked was the hike up stairs, but it is the city, so it worked. We did not take advantage of breakfast, but I did grab a coffee in the evening, and although it was about 5pm, it was good, and fresh.Check out time was at 12, they kindly offered to hold our luggage for us if we needed them to. The service at checkout could have been a little friendlier, but they seemed a little busy with some business people so maybe were distracted.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SFAdam
<Content>Great location and staff but quality issues Manhattan is always a tricky proposition when it comes to lodging. Reasonable price and comfort rarely occupy the same space. For Chelsea Pines, I chose a reasonable price over other considerations.This property is ideally located on West 14th with easy access to the West Village, Chelsea and the Meatpacking District. The staff here is a gem. However, if you are accustomed to a certain level of comfort, this is not the place for you. For the budget traveler, well, you're a budget traveler.Even though I booked about six weeks ahead for the week of Thanksgiving, I was unable to reserve a deluxe room. I booked a standard instead, which was a big mistake. The bed in our room was one of the most uncomfortable I've ever encountered, and the shower was tiny. Yes, even by European standards. Luckily, due to a faulty light in our toilet area (located in its own closet), we were moved to a deluxe room for a couple of days of our stay. The deluxe room was like staying in a different hotel with a bed that was actually comfortable, extra space for sitting, and a decent sized bathroom. Bottom line, despite the location and a very helpful and friendly staff, I would only consider staying here again if a deluxe room were available.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>formererieite
<Content>Great Little Place in Heart of Manhattan If you are a GLBT traveler looking for a fun place to stay in NYC this is it! Friendly staff, superclean rooms, and reasonable prices combine to make this a great deal. Located on West 14th St. and Eighth Ave., Chelsea Pines is within walking distance of most of the clubs and restaurants in Chelsea and the Village. It's also a short subway ride away from the theatre district and midtown. We stayed a week and felt as if we had our own home in the big city. Simple but adequate continental breakfast gets your day off to a good start.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>Pootle5
<Content>Friendly, clean, helpful staff - a great hotel! We stayed here twice during our visit to the US in September. Both rooms were clean, quiet, with great facilities, and large comfortable beds! The staff were really friendly and helpful. The breakfast was lovely and fresh, with the hotel's home-made breads a real treat! With coffee and cookies around all day the breakfast room/conservatory was a pleasant, homely place to spend some time between sight-seeing trips! The only downside was the narrowness of the breakfast area when it got busy in the morning - but on the whole other guests were pleasant, polite and worked around each other..... it's not the Hotel's fault that the odd 1 or 2 fellow guests were pretty obnoxious and thought they owned the place - but fortunately they only stayed 2 days! Can happen anywhere!I would definately go back, and recommend it to friends with no hesitation. The movie posters gave the place a great quirkieness which really let you know you were somewhere interesting and memorable - not a bland, corporate could be anywhere hotel chain.The location was superb being situated in between really interesting and lively areas, and right on the Subway lines.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>daz_al
<Content>Are You Inn to Chelsea??       Rock Hudson room 2  
<Date>Oct 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>deeforce
<Content>The Judy Garland room? It doesn't get much gayer than this. Plastered with memorabilia of screen Divas (and Divos) from yesteryear, the CPI is a great little place to stay that won't break the bank. (Most of) the staff is super-friendly, the rooms are clean, and unlike a lot of shared-bathroom places, the rooms themselves have showers and sinks. Fantastic location too!  
<Date>Jul 20, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fabulous and Welcoming!! The FABULOUS staff gave us one of the warmest welcomes I've ever received and made us feel incredibly at home. The location was perfect and the building clean and cool - and the fresh, daily speciality breakfast breads - FABULOUS! Highly recommended to anyone with an open, gay-friendly mind!!!!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>RutgersGuy
<Content>Very comfortable and convenient I stayed for one night in a deluxe room. My room was long and narrow. the width of the room was the length of the bed, which I had to climb over to reach the window. Most of the hotel is painted in dark colors and decorated with movie posters, which gives character, but probably makes the rooms feel smaller. The couch is a single bed, so the room can fit 3 people. Everything seemed clean and comfortable. Nice to have a refrigerator in the room. Breakfast included very fresh bagels and muffins, fruit, etc. Service was friendly. Subway at the end of the block.  
<Date>Jun 7, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>AliGZ
<Content>What a Gem! Just returned from a four night stay at the Chelsea Pines Inn and we had a brilliant time! Staff bent over backwards to help us out (even lent us a laptop to get some theatre tickets online). They gave us two restaurant recommendations for 24 and for Primitivo which has to be the best Italian meal I've had in a long time and very resonably priced. Fantastic location, really central and only a 10 min walk from Christopher Street. We stayed in the Paul Newman room with own bathroom and it was more than big enough and spotless. Ok, so it's not the Hilton, but then you are not paying Hilton prices either and to be honest I'd rather stay here for the atmosphere/staff/location. Fantastic - we will stay here again when we come to New York. Big thank you to the member of staff who seemed to be always on duty in a supervisory roll and commands a very tight ship - Charlie the cat.  
<Date>Jun 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>VaioVaio
<Content>Great Value With my first trip to New York I wanted to stay away from the usual tourist centre of times square and closer to the night and restraunt areas of New York.The Chelsea Pines Inn was great between 2 Subway Stations on 14th street. Only 2 stops from the central subway station and also walking distance ot times square. But it had the greatest neighbourhood with the best buzz. Room was basic but had a fridge, Toliet was shared with the floor. The staff was amazing and always helpful. Breakfast was provided everymoring in their patio area to start the day giving a bigger cost saving. This place was great if you are on a budget and need a clean and comfortable place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>evefrommass
<Content>Cool place, great value Last month I took my first ever trip to New York City. As someone from a small town, I admit I was a bit nervous about visiting New York alone, but I had set up several interviews and was looking for a good hotel value for five nights. Some friends back home recommended Chelsea Pines, so I thought I'd give them a try. Very glad that I did!Location was terrific; right in the middle of gay New York, art gallery New York, great restaurant New York...well, you get the idea. Price was lower than anything else I checked on the web, and rooms were a good size for New York, I thought, considering the stories I had heard (rooms at twice the price the size of walk-in closets), and the movie themes for all the rooms was way cool (I stayed in the Jeff Richards room; never heard of him, but very hunky, and I asked to see several other rooms, which were equally cool). My room did not have its own toilet, but the shower and sink area were really nice; room was well layed out, and even though it faced the front of the building (a pretty busy 14th Street), the windows are double-glazed, and they thoughtfully provide a white noise machine which drowns out any street noise.Staff was extremely helpful and friendly; when I told them it was my first time in NY, they gave me all kinds of info and maps and advice (and a good restaurant discount card for a cool local diner). Breakfast room (which leads out to a pretty greenhouse and an even prettier garden) was chockful of goodies, tasty homemade breads every day, real NY bagels, fresh coffee (which was also available 24/7, snacks and cookies too). Rooms were cleaned daily, chocolates always on my pillow, and even the hall WC was kept clean.Still waiting to hear about a job offer, but if I come back to NY to look for an apartment, I'll definitely be staying with the great guys at the cool Chelsea Pines!  
<Date>May 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>8 simple reasons why you'll love this place... The best staff you could ask for - friendly and helpful with lots of knowledgeNice and clean roomsThe bagels at breakfastBeautiful, quiet gardenWireless internet access all over the place!Coffee 24/7Located right between Chelsea and VillageLast but not least, the overall ambiance - once you've set your foot at this friendly and easygoing place you'll keep coming back, year after year.Anders Thorssell  
<Date>May 23, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Grimy Flea Bag A crime that anyone can charge money to stay in this place! I've traveled all over the world, and this is the filthiest place I've ever stayed in. Radiators coated with 1/4 inch of dust, dirty sheets, someone else's clothes in the room when I checked in -- you get the picture. Looks like they haven't employed a handyman in three decades. Staff at reception desk smoked and were generally unhelpful. Do yourself a favor and avoid this flea bag.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best choice for gay visitors! We stayed at the Chelsea Pines for a week at the end of March. The staff cannot be faulted in their friendly and helpful service. The room was clean, breakfast great and constant coffee in the kitchen very welcome. Being in the heart of the gay district meant that you have bars and clubs on the doorstep, but the main tourist attractions (Empire State Building, Macys etc) were only a 15 minute walk away. The subway is 20 seconds away on the corner of 8th Ave. Can't recommend this place enough. The kitchen was a great place to meet fellow guests and swap stories about where to go and what to do. I won't come back to New York unless I can stay at the Chelsea Pines!  
<Date>Apr 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I'll be back! Stayed for two weeks in March in a quiet ground floor room with bathroom and couldn't have been happier. A fridge, a couple of cable TV channels, a reliable shower and pictures of hunky George Nader on every wall..what more could one ask? A huge breakfast in the dining room, 24 hour coffee and tea, perfect position at the 14th St. subway and extra-friendly staff were all greatly appreciated. The room was over-heated and we had to ask that it be vacuumed when we arrived, but otherwise I wouldn't hesitate to stay there again. Many thanks to Jay and Al!  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>richnindy
<Content>Great location Stayed in the Doris Day room, which has a private bath and is only a two-flight walk up (as other posters have noted, there is no elevator). Yes, the rooms and hallways have movie posters, but rooms (and hallways) are exceedingly drab. The bottom drawer on the dresser didn't work, the ironing board is one of those tiny things that never quite works right, three bulbs in the bathroom remained burned out during the length of our stay . . . The breakfast area off the lobby is teeny-tiny, and we finally left rather than try to work our way past the other lodgers there. We did notice a slight odor in the lobby one day from the cute little cat.That said, this hotel has to have one of the best locations in all of New York for the gay or lesbian visitor -- walk a few blocks this way to Chelsea and a few blocks that way to the West Village, plus the subway is right on the corner. And I can stay in a drab room when the price and location are right. The rooms did seem clean, and the management makes the attempt to go the extra mile: they slip a small flier of the next day's cultural events under your door each night. As with any hotel, the helpfulness of the staff is hit or miss -- some hardly seemed to care, while others bent over backward to be helpful.So if you don't go expecting too much, and don't expect to spend much time in your room (we didn't), this is an excellent choice for the budget-conscious traveler.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Had a gerat stay here, the staff is so helpful and attentive. My room was so cute, with great old movie posters. Breakfast was great and a good money saver.The place is clean and the location can't be beat, with the subway on the corner. Best of all they were able to get me tickts to the theate at 40% off.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ahp1979
<Content>I (heart) New York and this place is OK too I stayed here at the start of September 2005. My room was fine, though a little dark (I ended up with a body crisis for my first two days because of the bad lighting - couldn't see me in the mirror properly). The window didn't seem to shut properly and the air con unit was very loud. However, if any of these things concerned me enough at the time, I would have mentioned it to the staff then - they didn't and so I didn't. Breakfast was good and a great way to meet your fellow guests (i.e. pick-up), but don't get me wrong, this is not one of those places where you check-in, get it out and then get it on. On the whole, I must say, this place felt a little musty to me, it needs a good cleaning and dusting (maybe that's just the house wife in me coming out). I also thought the shared WCs could have been a little cleaner, I'll admit that I am quite fussy about that kind of stuff but I don't think it was at the standard that most people would expect (anyway, who goes to New York to sit in a WC?). The staff were friendly and helpful and the location is great. If I stayed here again, I would get an en-suite room.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I will be staying at The Chelsea Pines Hotel again..... I loved my stay at The Chelsea Pines Hotel. It is certainly located so that I could walk to most places that I wanted to go. The hotel was clean and the hotel staff was friendly and helpful.I do have 2 suggestions. It would have made my stay somewhat better if the shower head had been better. When taking a shower, it is nice to have a full stream of water. I must say that I could ---- harder than the water coming out of my shower head. I would suggest one of the 鈥淩ainmaker鈥?showerheads. It feels just like a shower.The other suggestion is my cable wire connecting my TV needs to be permanently connected. One day I was without cable because the wire had come loose in the back. I did not realize this because I thought the cable had gone off. Only the next day when I realized that the cable wire had become disengaged, I reattached the wire. Also, could you please get a couple more channels on the cable (maybe CNN, TCM and AMC)?Thanks so much and I am looking forward to my next stay.Christopher Freeman  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>westfen
<Content>Bring Your Own Ajax The Chelsea Pines is just plain dirty. I found myself actually cleaning the walls as they were too disgusting to deal with. Never again.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2005
<Rating>1	3	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgraceful!! Traveled from Canada....what a dump!! Anyone who comments that this is a great place to stay needs serious help! Very tiny room and dirty carpets. Run for the hills!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ErastPetrovich
<Content>Great Value, Charming, Friendly I'm a native New Yorker who moved away last year. This was actually the first time I've stayed in a hotel in NYC and I wanted to spend my money on clothes and entertainment rather than a 5-star hotel. I was very surprised at how cheap the Chelsea Pines was, comparatively speaking ($160/night for large deluxe room), when 5-stars charge over $400/night. It's very conveniently located at 14th St. between 8th and 9th Aves., only a five minute walk from the center of gay life in NY. I like staying in gay and gay-friendly hotels, and the Chelsea Pines was one of the better ones I've experienced in the last few years. Very friendly, accessible staff, fun and kitschy rooms (I stayed in the Paul Newman room, replete with original posters of his movies) and a decent though not super breakfast. Also, I was pleasantly surprised at how quiet it was--I've stayed in a few places where drunken screaming queens raging in the hallways make life miserable, and this was definitely not in that category. I saw that someone gave this hotel a very negative rating and I'm puzzled because I'm quite demanding and this hotel exceeded my expectations.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming! A charming, old fashioned BB in a quaint, historic building.Great service, friendly staff.Right in the middle of everything.What more can you ask for?  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really awful weekend. Avoid this place. What a dump! I will never stay there again. I will sleep on a park bench in hell before I stay at this horribly appointed and smoke-filled pit.My (non-smoking) room smelled like a bar. It was smokey and beer riddled. The staff was unprofessional and inept. The only good thing I have to say about this place was there was a really sweet cat that hung out in the lobby.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>NC32
<Content>Chelsea Pines great for Gay/gay friendly travellers A friendly well-located (for the Village and Chelsea) clean hotel. Staff were helpful and rooms were comfortable and uniquely decorated! The only thing to watch is there is no lift and the stairs are steep due to the age of this quaint building.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Craigy
<Content>A New York Gem   showReview(3027702, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love this place   showReview(2993628, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madawaska2
<Content>Stale smoke makes Chelsea Pines Inn lose its appeal   showReview(2908831, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 21, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Inn the middle of everything   showReview(2704628, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>always a good stay   showReview(2060646, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>B + B from hell 4/3/04 - 4/10/04   showReview(1785683, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a fantastic place!!!!   showReview(1758268, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>disappointed   showReview(1714168, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 9, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had a Lovely Time!   showReview(1491233, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 18, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They call it an Inn   showReview(1130113, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MibY
<Content>Klein und gem眉tlich   showReview(17865210, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 14, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	3	4	3	2	

<Author>DJac
<Content>Situation ideal et Accueil Sympathique   showReview(17163182, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tanun6
<Content>Chouette h么tel!       Notre chambre1  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	5	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ibiza_hippy
<Content>Toll Lage, 眉bersichtliches Hotel       Superior Deluxe and Deluxe Room  
<Date>Dec 17, 2007
<Rating>4	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

