<Author>H1022
<Content>Great location I arrived at the hotel after a 15 minute ride from the airport at 9:30am. Much to my suprise my room was ready.The room was spacious with a flat screen multi channel tv.The bath large and had a nice kit. Towels were soft with a gant de bain. I had a garden room so there was not street noise.The location was excellent (Ramblas). I got tour bus tickets at the desk and it was a short walk to the bus stop. The tour bus line lets you on and off as often as you like at points of interest.Great restaurants are nearby.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2009
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>reallygrumpytourist
<Content>Great Location We stayed here for a 4 night city break over New Year 2008/09 on room only basis.The location of the hotel is excellent, being on La Ramblas which is in the centre of the main tourist area and only a couple of hundred metres from the airport bus stop in Pl Catalunya.From the outside the hotel is very clean and well kept and this impression continued inside. Reception was efficient and the staff had a good command of English which is always a help. Our rooms were ground floor at the rear which meant that they were very quiet (La Ramblas is very noisy and I think that front facing rooms might suffer because of this). Being ground floor they also had small terraces which looked a bit claustrophobic but might be OK for a bit of shady peace in the summer.The rooms were fairly standard with twin beds, TV, minibar, bath/shower etc. (but no kettle!). Again these were well kept, clean and reasonably comfortable.We didn't eat in the hotel at all so I can't comment on the food but there are plenty of cafes and restuarants in the area (tip - don't eat in La Ramblas itself but go a couple of streets either side for much better value).The only down side I have for this hotel is that it is very expensive. We wanted a central hotel and accepted that we would have to pay a premium for this. Next time, now that I know my way around Barcelona, I would consider staying further out as the savings on hotel bills would (probably) more than cover bus/metro/taxi fares in and out.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>4	2	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>stecas
<Content>Great location, friendly staff Stayed here with husband  2 children and our friends with their 2 children. Location was excellent, our friends had rooms overlooking the courtyard which were very quiet, but our room overlooked the ramblas.We had a very spacious triple and each morning we could watch the street entertainers get ready. Though I agree that it can be quite noisy, but it all adds to the atmosphere and we had no trouble sleeping. One thing to add though about noise is the rumbling you can hear late into the night which is the metro passing by the hotel!!We didnt take the breakfast option and found a wonderful tapas bar. There is never a shortage of places to eat.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>tglj
<Content>best location Best location! Closest metro stop is only a few steps away. Restaurants and tapa bars surrond you. Carrefour Express is across the street as well as La Bouqueria. This by far was the most convenient. We stayed in a superior room on the 7th floor (708) that had a seating area and a balcony at the back of the hotel. Very quiet and away from the hustle and bustle of La Rambla. Bathroom was modern with chrome fixtures. Hardwood floors and automatic sun blocking window shades. Easy access to aerobus. Beware their elevators are tiny that only 2 people can fit. It's definately a thumbs up!!  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>klward25
<Content>Good Hotel We spent three nights at this hotel in September 2008, and thought it was great. Our room, a triple, was more like a suite with a bedroom and living room/daybed for the third guest. The decorations are very modern-black bathtub, brown velvet bedspreads--but cool and tasteful. The location of the hotel (on the nicer part of La Ramba) is very convenient, and as we had a room overlooking the courtyard, there was no problem with noise. Breakfast each morning had a large selection, including some hot foods (eggs, omlettes), and it was served outside in the charming garden. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>gene4655
<Content>We liked the Ramblas a lot We were at the Rivoli Rambla three nights last week, and would stay there again. The location can't be beat, right on the Rambla, a two minute walk to the central square where buses leave for the AP every ten minutes or so. The room we were in faced onto the Courtyard, which we requested because it was so quiet. The rooms opening out to the Rambla are great for atmosphere, but believe me, Barcelona folk don't go to sleep at night, and the street noise is considerable. The room we were in was very well appointed, the bathroom great. The TV was minimal, to say the least, but it did bring in Sky News, and we weren't in the room that long, anyway. The breakfast was included in our deal, and was excellent. Not worth $30 bucks apiece, if we were paying extra for it, but what breakfast is? If breakfast is not included in your deal, there are lots of cheaper eating places around. BUT, Barcelona is expensive. I confess we ate at the McDonalds on the Rambla one evening, a McDonalds fish sandwich, fries and a coke, and the tab was $9 bucks APIECE. But this is a vote for the Rivoli Rambla, with a special note about the friendliness of the woman on the front desk.  
<Date>Sep 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Laurence2208
<Content>Ultra Modern Comfort in the Heart of Barcelona Excuse the belated review!We had a wonderful stay at this hotel.The room was a comfortable size and super-modern, with a flat screen TV, polished wooden floors, impressive attention to detail throughout and my personal favorite - remote control operated blinds (very cool!) It should be noted that there are two wings in the hotel, the modern wing and the traditional wing - I strongly suggest you opt for the modern rooms as traditional appeared to be a flowery way of saying in need of a refurb!You are right in the heart of it all here, with the infamous Las Ramblas on your doorstep - thus quality restuarants, bars and great shopping are never more than a stones throw away.Highly recommended for a short city break.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Treborleo
<Content>Fab Location This hotel would have the best location - on the Ramblas - centre of all restaurants and bars - short walk to the harbour - fab vibe all day and night - that's the only problem all night!!! No double glazed windows here - and the Barcelona vibe goes all night - and you do want to get some sleep - even in Barcelona. Strange thing - the hotel has a bar - but I didn't see it open once during my six night stay. Would recommend as long as you take ear plugs.  
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>4	2	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>shandyv
<Content>Perfect location, nice hotel Just come back from a 4 night break in Barcelona staying at the Rivoli Ramblas. The hotel is a 4*. The room was ready on arrival and was very large with a huge balcony with table and chairs. The bathroom was also very big. The room was clean and had everything we needed. However, I did think that it was rather expensive at 120 euros per night, although I suppose you have to remember that this is in a city on the main street in Barcelona. The location was excellent - right on la Ramblas, so everything was nearby. The room was cleaned daily. We did not eat at the hotel as there as so many places to choose from nearby. We did get a coffee in the bar just before we were leaving and I must say that the bar man was incredibly rude - didn't say one word to us at all. The receptionists were helpful and friendly and spoke excellent English, which always helps when your Spanish is not great!!All in all, a good choice of hotel with a perfect location that is paid for with the room rates.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>hohmygad
<Content>hated the rivoli ramblas we requested interconnecting rooms, but when we arrived, they just gave us 2 adjacent rooms, service is very bad and poor. i requested for some extra hangers on 13:00 and hangers arrived 17:30, that is with me following up every hour, and they will just say ora mismo senor. room cleaners are very slow and sloppy, we leave room at aroind 10 am, and sometimes go back late in the afternoon and the rooms hasn't been cleaned yet. when it was cleaned, all the new supply of toiletries are just dumped in a small basket near the sink. they will not even get the empty containers and the empty cardboard roll of toilet paper!! they are not even changing the beddings unless you tell them! the rooms are very hot too, because there is no airconditioning during an april month, so staying in your room for a siesta is impossible! and staying in a room facing the ramblas is very noisy. but you cannot close the windows because it will automatically turn on heater!! the electric window shades sometimes work, sometimes they dont. WiFi is free, but signal is very weak. so sometimes you cannot make a connection. most of the staff cannot even answer the most simplest of question or request. breakfast is ok but nothing great. even their scrambled eggs taste bad.all i can say is that they serve good coffee for breakfast.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>ianbrown82
<Content>Location, Location, Location Just got back from the Rivoli Ramblas, i stayed here for 3 nights, in a triple room. i had a nice time at the hotel, got checked in within 2 minutes and was impressed with the front desk staff, they were really helpful and had a good laugh! The room was great,i t wasnt huge but three people managed to stay init, for 3 nights and not fall out!! However the bathroom wasl one of the nicest ive ever seen, water was hot and shower very powerfull, so what more do you need.The location is fantastic literally 2 minutes walk from plaza catalunya, it did make it quite loud at night and in the mornin but not too much to keep you awake, unless you are a light sleeper!!To round up, if you want a great hotel at a great price, choose the rivoli ramblas, im definately going to again!  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>babaies0109
<Content>Good Base Hotel Great location to get around main attractions of Barcelona. Reception staff very helpful. Found room for 2 adults and 7 year old child quite cramped but functional. Down side is the noise level in hotel, not from traffic/street noise but walls very thin between rooms so if your a light sleeper be prepared to be woken early! Worth booking breakfast option. Found easyjet.hotels the cheapest site to book accommodation.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	4	4	2	

<Author>PrincessSoup
<Content>New Year Celebrations The Hotel is well located, it was really nice, rooms were modern and clean and staff helpful and friendly. I didnt eat anything in the hotel so cant comment on the food. Only negative point is that the toilet door in our room (and the room our friends were in) were on runners rather than hinges meaning a lack of privacy noise wise - which is no good if you are shy!!Barcelona is a great city but just a word of warning if you fancy going there for New Years Eve - it got a bit wild late at night on New Years Eve on La Ramblas (at one point just outside our hotel) and the police were there using their batons to control the drunken behaviour that was going on. Quite scary to watch and we were pleased to be safe inside our hotel whilst it was going on. So not really a place to take your kids if you plan on stopping out late on a New Years Eve to see the new year in. It did calm down after a while so we went back out to continue our new year celebrations and had a good night.One other thing to note is that having become so accustomed to the smoking ban indoors in the UK it was hard (as a non-smoker) to go back to sitting in restaurants and pubs with people smoking right next to you.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jaxsilver
<Content>A fabulous hotel!       great size bathtub and excellent shower  
<Date>Feb 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fontana1
<Content>Right in the heart of it all Myself and my Husband had a mid week break for our annniversary and it was worth spending that little bit extra for a nice hotel. The staff aren't very friendly but we found that staff in general in Barcelona aren't very friendly.The rooms are very spacious and the bed was really comfy. We chose to have a room at the front of the hotel and our room overlooked Las Ramblas. It was great to sit there in the morning watching the world pass by and the street entertainers setting up for the day, but it could be quite noisy at night as the bin men come round about midnight.The breakfast was really nice and loads of choice ranging from breads, pastries, cold meats, fresh fruit and juices but the hot food wasn't up to much and could be sat in the hot well for up to 4 hours.If you're planning a drinking weekend then make sure you take loads of money you can't get 2 drinks for less than 10 Euros. In one bar we paid nearly 拢5 for a bottle of Becks.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	1	-1	

<Author>willscj
<Content>OK but no more than 3 stars Got the hotel for 3 nights through a special deal at the beginning of December and it was fine but not amazing. Using the English hotel rating I would say 2/3 with a 3 star maximum. We were lucky to get a bigger room as the hotel wasn鈥檛 busy so think they swopped our room with a more spacious disabled room on the 2nd floor. Walking past all the other rooms being cleaned we noticed they were small and badly decorated. Room was clean, although furnishings a little tired, but the bathroom smelt musty like it had no ventilation or had not been used for months. A scented candle in the room sorted this out though. The beds were comfortable and rooms facing las ramblas are fairly noisy, so this will be worse in the height of summer. No tea/coffee facilities which meant you had to order drinks on room service which shut at 11pm. Reception staff were not very helpful and one was even asleep at the desk when we got in at midnight! My mine gripe was wanting to use the 鈥渇itness centre鈥? We were told no problem and they needed 3 hrs notice to heat the Jacuzzi. This was fine but when we got there the Jacuzzi was lukewarm and the fitness centre was just one cross trainer. Then they told me this would be 鈧?5 extra each as all guests pay for the centre. I think they get their 4 star out of providing fitness facilities, but one cross trainer does not a fitness centre make! All in all, it was ok, not great, but perfect location meant you could see past all the little things. Doubtful I would stay here again when there are other decent places.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>linzall1979
<Content>brilliant hotel 9 girls went excellant hotel - brill breakfast - would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>LouiseMVB
<Content>Good as a base for your trip Firstly, as a base for a holiday the location was absolutely perfect. So close to everything..... metro, sightseeing bus tour, La Rambla walk itself and the marina. While during the daytime once on your guard you could ramble around the wonderful little side streets surrounding the hotel at night time it was somewhere very different. Watch your belongings, unfortunately as we learned pick pocketing was rife. The rooms in the hotel were clean (rooms cleaned daily) but basic. One Big Big fault was no tea coffee making facilities in the room. Room service ended at 11pm so if you were thirsty after that - TOUGH. Noise level was high, put it this way - there was no need to set your alarm, the cleaners made sure of that. Banging and vaccuming from the early hours, and the cardboard walls could do with some noise insulation, if not for quiet then just for privacy.Don't be attracted by the gym, sauna etc facilities either, booking three hours in advance was a requisition, however, the solarium was a sun lounger on the terrace not an actual sunbed.Overall, I would stay again purely for convenient location only, if the hospitality/ basic facilities was better the hotel would be rated much higher in our estimation.  
<Date>Jan 20, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Iokasti
<Content>Great place - Bad sound insulation The hotel is very good situated for people who like walking around and seeing as much as possible. Renovated building, nice bar and restaurant, all kinds of stores, bars, restaurants, places of interest and metro station within 5 minutes walk. Everything you expect from a downtown central hotel. I would not advise it for women travelling alone, the area might make you feel just a little bit uncomfortable after dark, bag snatchers everywhere. Rooms, service and breakfast of ligh standards. If you are going to stay there, ask for an upper-floor room and at the back. Soundproofing is not so good - you can actually hear the next-door guest breething.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>ChrisCooper1
<Content>Great Location We stayed here for a 3 night break. The rates available on the internet varied greatly. Our room was a 'triple' (the largest on the floor plan), it consisted of two single beds and a sofa bed in the lounge area. The room (102) was located to the back of the hotel and had a balcony overlooking gardens. There was a very noisy air extraction fan (which ran intermittently day and night) from the kitchen on the floor below. The room was clean, had a safe (2 Euros a day), efficient blackout blinds, TV including CNN  Sky.The breakfast buffet was good (19 Euros if not included in your room rate). The hotel staff were efficient but not cheerful.The hotel is located on Ramblas just below Pl. Catalonia (tourist information, city tours and metro station). There is an ATM by the door and a Carrefour supermarket opposite.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>Kruznut1
<Content>Would Recommend the Rivoli-Location, Location, Location Hotel is in a very good location, rooms are adequate (ours was large, but some of our group got SMALL rooms).We had a nice balcony on the back side of the hotel, and were happy with our room.Nice black out security shades in the rooms.The breakfast was more continental then a full breakfast, but was satisfactory.Walking distance to the Hard Rock, and shopping, as well as the night life of Ramblas is right out the front door.Great little deli next door, with good food and prices. There is a grocery store right across the street where you can buy your soda for your room.The staff weren't overly friendly, but they weren't rude either.I would recommend this hotel.Taxi's are easy to get, and a good price.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>Ken 1235
<Content>Great location We checked the reviews for this hotel before booking and went ahead purely and simply for the location.We asked for and got a high floor at the rear and, boy! what a view. (Room 708)The room was on the 7th floor and had a balcony with a 180 degree view over the rooftops of Barcelona. Buffet breakfasts were excellent, hot with plenty of choice.Everything was within easy reach of Catalunya Square, which was only 200-300 yards away.Overall, a great base for Barcelona, can recommend with confidence.  
<Date>Dec 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	3	-1	

<Author>sandSydney
<Content>great location Great location for us (2 adults + 1 son aged 12). The unbelievably slow and small lift sometimes prompted us to deal with the 5 floors of stairs but we learned that squishy/slow lifts seem to be the norm in Europe. Our room was at the back with a small balcony so we enjoyed quiet nights. The bathroom was very large while the room was on the small side. I would be inclined to rate this hotel as 3.5 stars even though the breakfasts were quite nice (compared to other parts of Spain).  
<Date>Nov 4, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Darkbird50
<Content>Great Location The Hotel Rivoli Ramblas is just a 5 minute walk from the Aerobus bus stop at the Plaza Catalunya. Its directly opposite the Subway and its on the Ramblas. It couldn't be better situated for general sight seeing.The hotel itself was clean and tidy and our room was on the 1st floor at the rear of the hotel and was wonderfully quiet. The hotel staff were always helpful and attentive whenever we needed their assistance. The restaurant was only used by us for breakfast and it was very pleasant.We wouldnt have any reservations about using this hotel on our next visit to this fabulous city.Steve Dark  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>Ritumohindra
<Content>Average stay at the hotel.. I found the staff at the reception very rude but the staff at the breakfast was very helpful  sweet. Though the location is excellent but the rudeness of the staff at the enterence puts you off..The rooms as shown in the pictures were not the same bit cramped..  
<Date>Sep 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frank1958
<Content>Location, Location, Location We stayed in the hotel during July 2007. Location is just great - right in the center of everything - 2 minutes walk to the underground, a convenient supermarket across the street, many worthwhile sites in walking distance. Walking into the lobby may be a little dissapointing (I was fearing the worst), but luckily the first impression was quickly dispersed. We stayed in a standard room on the 3rd floor facing La Rambla, and it can get a little noisy at night. Rooms are fairly spacious and clean - cabinet storage space was somewhat limited. The breakfast buffet is nicely done (apart from the scrambled eggs) and has a varied selection - do try to get a table outside on the terrace. Hotel claims WiFi throughout, however I had to sit in the lobby in order to connect. All in all the hotel perfectly suited us (2 adults) for a week of sightseeing. 4 Stars for this Hotel are are a little overated though.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	2	

<Author>Fuzzyducktraveller
<Content>Fantastic Location From the airport just a 3.90 euro fare on the Arobus every 6 minutes takes you directly to the Plaza Cataluna with just a 5 minute walk down La Ramblas on the left is the Hotel Rivoli Ramblas. It could not be simpler. We had a warm welcome, arriving just before 11pm and give a choice of rooms either on the 1st floor or the 6th. We choose the 6th. What a great choice, The room was more than spaciouse. A great bathroom with a jucuzzi, large wardrobes, a safe (2 euros per day for the key obtained at reception) and a mini fridge. The bed was a king size and very comfortable ( ask for room 607 on booking) and what a view from your own personal balcony right over the busy Rablas. The room was very quite even though the location was central. There were electrically operated black out blinds. There was no breakfast included and I felt the cost of it was expensive BUT just a couple of strides away from the hotel you could get english or continentaln breakfast at a very reasonable price. Pianio bar for drinks and coffee is set in the reception area but there are many bars and restaraunts to choose from within easy walking distance. The location of this hotel is fantastic, right in the middle of everything. The tour buses are just minutes away and well worth a trip to see all the main highlights in the city. Well worth a visit and highly recomended. A good 4 star right in the heart of the action. A liitle expensive but you have quality and location in a major city.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>MellowD
<Content>5 Star in Attitude Only I was traveling with a friend who feels if the hotel is marked with stars it is worthy enough for her to stay there. I prefer apartments or BB's. We booked an apartment in Amsterdam so I compromised in Barcelona and boy am I sad I did.The room was very small, the non-opening window provided a view of the backs of some sublimely uninteresting walls, and the service was aloof. Felt like I was intruding when I asked the desk staff for anything. Not one of them knows how to smile. I always hear the French hate Americans and are very rude, but the Spanish have them beat by a landslide.There was a bidet, but being American I have no idea what to use it for when there was a perfectly good shower/tub right next to it. The location on La Rambla is nice. The towels were fluffy. But neither of those justify the price of a multi-star hotel.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>NYCgirl2007
<Content>Lovely stay. Good value for the money. Recommended! We had a great time during our stay at Rivoli Ramblas.For the price, you get a very reasonably sized room (I might even call it large, by European standards) that had tasteful, contemporary decor. The location is especially marvelous (right on Las Ramblas, close to Placa de Catalyuna and the airport buses)! We were not even bothered by any noise from the street (though we're from NYC). Room was clean and the only slight drawbacks are that (1) the hotel is actually two buildings connected together, such that one side of the hotel is a little inconvenient to get to (5-6 steps up/down once off the elevators) if you have heavy bags or a wheelchair and (2) you can hear the scraping of chairs against the floors both above and below your hotel room. But there aren't tons of people hanging out in the bar downstairs, so it was not a huge distraction for us during this stay. BATHROOM DETAILS: We had a gigantic tub, good water pressure in the shower (though no door or curtain, so that room can get a bit wet post-bathing), bidet, toilet and sink with large surface vanity area.ROOM DETAILS: Beds were reasonably sized (wide twins; our king bed was two wide twins pushed together), though there were not many blankets for a room that can get quite chilly with the AC running. There was a mini fridge and I think an electric kettle for tea would have made it perfect. Large windows that faced onto Las Ramblas with electronic shades for keeping out the noonday sun during siesta.I'd definitely stay here again the next time I visit Barcelona and would certainly recommend it for travellers who want a nice room without a high price tag. It is not a budget hotel nor is it a luxury hotel. And it is not faux-contemporary, either -- it is *actually* contemporary in some rooms and our room, one of the ones recently renovated, was great.  
<Date>Apr 25, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Wag8
<Content>Superb Location, Great Hotel I stayed at this hotel for 3 days in July 2006, and am surprised by some of the reviews here. I had an excellent room overlooking Las Ramblas and was more than delighted with the hotel, the staff and the overall service. The room was spotless, the towels changed daily. Yes there was renovation work, the hotel is upgrading floor at a time, but the floor that was being worked on was closed off to residents, and there was no disruption whatsoever. We booked through our local independant travel agent who was able to secure us excellent rates. The internet is not always the cheapest or the most reliable way to book accommodation. The buffet breakfast was adequate. The reception and the bar areas are small, but this is an historic building in the heart of an historic city, so there is going to be limited space. Good quality hotel, with the three things that matter most of all: location, location, location! Would return here without hesitation.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JamesWood
<Content>Excellent all round! After reading earlier reviews I was not overly confident of the hotel before arrival but this really was a 4 star in every respect, if not better.We had a family room, which was spacious and equipped with whirlpool bath, mini bar, safe, and balcony view over the Ramblas, and hotel staff could not have been more helpful and friendly. We did not use the terrace bar,gym or spa, which has an extra charge, though the area was more than sufficient. The piano bar in main reception was friendly and the bar staff were excellent with our six year old son.It did appear that the hotel had undergone refurbishment, all areas were extremely clean and tidy, very nice atmosphere and the breakfast, which was included in the price, was excellent.Location is just 100 metres from Placa Catalunya, a main line metro stop and all sight-seeing bus tours, and whilst there is very minor noise from the metro this does not disturb you in the day or night.When returning to Barcelona this hotel will be top of the list to return to, if you are planning a trip I would certainly recommend.Top Tip: Do not use the Pizzeria Grill restaurant opposite the hotel, probably the worst food I have ever had, and extremely over-priced, turn left out of the hotel and towards the end of Las Ramblas there are many good and varied restaurants!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>stephenc
<Content>Great Location, but nothing for a 4* hotel This is a fair enough hotel to stay in. We got it at a discounted last minute price but it still cost around 120 euro per night for bed onlyGood location at the top of the Rambles with a supermarket immediately opposite to get orange, milk, snacks, etc. A conveniently placed fridge in the room keeps them freshBreakfast and dinner prices very highThe rooftop has a little area in which you can stretch out and enjoy the sunAll in all, pretty average  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>SmithsManchester
<Content>Lovely 3 night stay Was rather concerned before travelling to the hotel after reading the review about contruction works, but only heard one drill whilst having breakfast on the last morning, so seems all is well!Hotel was comfortable and well situated for shops and the arts. Did lots of walking around the town and could always find our way back as street is well signposted. Only down side was that our room was on the second floor overlooking la ramblas and was noisy in the middle of the night and first thing in the morning. It was however a small price to pay as we could watch the hustle and bustle of the area (and the fantastic street artists) during the day and in the evening from the balcony. Breakfast was good for pastries and bread, though cooked breakfast was not to our taste. Restaurant was open too late in the evening (9.30ish). Had a great time in Barcelona - the city is wonderful and i would love to visit the city and the hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Kel77
<Content>Lovely experience We stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas for two days after doing a cruise of the med last year. We were more than happy with our room....was a fantastic size and we had a huge balcony/terrace on which we enjoyed breakfast in the morning. Bar was nice, although could have been a bit livelier.....we also dined at the restaurant in the hotel as a travel guide had recommended it, however, food was very dissapointing.....so would dine somewhere else. All in all had a lovely time at the Rivoli Ramblas and would definately recommend.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SF_GlobeTrekker
<Content>Construction Alert       Terrace-top floor  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	5	3	

<Author>MMKoppes
<Content>Sad and smelly Great location and the rooftop terrace had a nice view. At the bar, there was a piano, but no live piano music as advertised, which was why I had booked this particular hotel. Breakfast buffet was a big disappointment at 19 euros. Lobby had funky garbage smell. Room was just OK. Towels were good quality however. Overall, a very disappointing experience.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	4	1	4	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Girls On Tour! I stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas hotel during a 4 day hen weekend this summer. As a regular traveller, I've experienced many 4 and 5 star hotels and this one was more than adequate. The location was great, both for shopping and sightseeing or just soaking up the atmosphere of the Ramblas, you really get the feel of this great city!The breakfast buffet had a good selection and the service was reasonable, and the bar in the hotel was also quite reasosnable considering its location.The only downside was that during our stay the roof terrace and spa was out of action undergoing a refurbishment, but other thatn that, I had no complaints whatsoever!If your looking for good value for mony, in a great location, you can't go far wrong with this place, I would certainly reccomend this hotel, AND I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>GTravellerEngland
<Content>The Ocean suite! Just booked any old room but was allocated the 'Ocean Suite' on the 6th floor! Never stayed in such a big room but, as from what others say, this is definitely pot luck as to which room you're allocated. Excellent balcony to sit out on during the early evening with the no obstructions to the sun and although it wasn't overly noisy, the fact the room was on the front did mean it was possible to hear the sirens and some of the noisier tourists at some peculiar times of the morning. There was ongoing work on the 4th floor and the gym facilities still weren't open. Didn't sample anything extra in this hotel so can't really comment on the service, food or prices. Also agree that this is an excellent location from which to explore the city.One thing I didn't realise was the price quoted via Opodo was exclusive of local tax!  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent location. Been to better three stars though Stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas 16th - 19th March.I sometimes wonder how four star hotels are rated?, The first room we checked into was obviously in need of updating, and was quite small, did not have a particularly exciting view so I asked to be upgraded. We had to pay an extra 60 euros per night but it was well worth it, we had a junior suite with a huge bedroom, sitting room and a bathroom with a jacuzzi bath. However when our friends checked in the next day they had a lovely bedroom that was much more modern and plenty big enough, so its seems pot luck to be honest.Reception was polite but did not point out any of the hotels facilities, ie gym, sauna, restaurant etc. There is a cocktail bar, which is very reasonably priced however the bar staff were very ignorant.We asked the concierge to hail us a taxi and he told us it would be quicker to walk to placa cataluyna and get one ourselves.The Rivoli has a great central location, but attention to detail lets it down, have stayed at three stars on the Ramblas that were cheaper and just as nice.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Brilliant Barcelona thanks to Gaudi Stayed three nights at the Rivoli Hotel in Barcelona. Right at the top of Las Ramblas this is a upmarket hotel but the staff are nowhere to be seen. No trips offered or info on attractions. Felt as tho' I was on the Marie Celeste! Luckily the Tourist Information Offices are very well staffed and informed and they speak lots of languages. BUT Barcelona is absolutely stunning. Gaudi was way ahead of his time and The Sagradi Familia Cathedral is an ongoing work in progress you will not believe! Having the Olympics in 1992 completely revamped the infrastructure of the City and apart from the grumpy staff in nearly every restaurant and shop - we had a fantastic time. There is so much to see and entry to all the museums is very reasonable. Buy a 2 day ticket for the Turistic Bus and you get money off vouchers for food and museum entry and the bus takes you to all the sights. Very impressed - 10/10!  
<Date>Mar 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rivoli Ramblas - fantastic hotel! We have just returned from a four night stay at the Rivoli Ramblas and had a great time. We booked a triple room, which always worries me as we never know until we arrive whether it will be a double room with a camp bed, etc.. The room was a great size and third bed was a sofa bed, which was perfect. We had a balcony and overlooked the Ramblas, which was fabulous. The room was spotless and there was a huge range of food to choose from at Breakfast. The bar was very relaxing in the evening and all the staff we spoke to were incredibly helpful. I would have no hesitation in recommending this hotel. We were a family of three with an 11 year old but there were all ages staying in the hotel.We have stayed in Barcelona many times and thankfully always been lucky with our hotels - but I have to admit that the next time we go, I really would like to stay here again!  
<Date>Mar 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>4* - No Way !!! On arrival to the Rivoli Ramblas the location of the hotel is superb, and right amongst the shopping district. The staff were courteous and pleasant, and the surroundings were tidy and clean.Unfortunately, this came to an abrupt halt upon entering the room which was allocated to us on the 7th floor. Dull  dark colours in the room, which were not too pleasing on the eye. The bathroom only had a mixer shower from the bath taps, which wasn't even pressured so the water flow was slow. If you do not understand Spanish so good, then your only TV choices in English are Sky News  CNN. I too also experienced warm air only from the air-con. Prices for the mini-bar, and in room safe are not displayed, so be careful on what you drink and eat.There was also no tea/coffee making facilities in the room, and so if you required tea or coffee you'd have to go to the hotel bar, and pay the local fees given.All facilities mentioned in brochure and on the website, were unavailable due to ongoing refurbishment. This would be your alarm clock in the morning at around 8AM with the constant drilling  Hammering taking place.On a plus side though, the room was cleaned everyday to a high standard, and bed sheets changed daily. Breakfast was appetising to say the least, and the presentation was laid out to satisfaction.On another day in the future and once all refurbishments have taken place, this hotel may meet the 4* grade it is supposed to be, but right now in my opinion I don't think it's there yet. Ohterwise for location to the shopping district, and transport facilities this venue is spot on.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SlimChalkey
<Content>Over-rated and over-priced In summary the Rivoli Ramblas is a poor hotel in a great location. Given the cost and the four star rating much more was expected. Specific problems were:Tired Decor, exceptionally rude and scruffy bar staff, warm air only from air-con (indeed it was confirmed by reception that this was common to all rooms), gym and spa closed due to refurbishment (which I note from an earlier post was underway in July 2005), unadvertised local charge for sauna, fee for use of in-room safe and drilling and hammering noise during the day owing to the refurbs.On the plus side the breakfast was one of the best I've had and the location really is prime.If you are getting a good rate at this hotel in comparison to others in the area it may be worth a punt, but in hindsight we would have looked for availability at other 2 or 3 star hotels at the same price point.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rivoli Ok! Stayed at this hotel as part of a work recognition event for top performers. Very good location on Las Ramblas, the centre for everything in Barca. Went at beginning of November, with temperature at 70 degrees F and after last couple of reviews would have to say pleasantly surprised. Room on mezzanie floor 0 was huge, with balcony, very clean and professional. No problems with smell and arrived for breakfast at one minute before closing which did not seem to cause a problem.Went on hop on/off open top bus on blue and red routes which really gave a flavour for what to see if staying 48 hours in Barca. 21 euro for two days and covered the Gaudi favourites, the Camp Neu, Park Guelle(sic), the Olympic stadium and the waterfront amongst a lot more.A lovely City, second time visitor and I need to return to see more with the family. Hotel was well worth a visit and although I did not pay the bill I would have to say that on the evidence of my one night stay I would return.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location, Bad Rooms!! This hotel really is NOT worthy of the 4* rating! It is in a FAB location, which is the best thing about it. Oh, and the breakfast is amazing too!! The lobby is nice, but then - prepare for the rooms!! The rooms are awful, we were in triple rooms, which were basically a twin room with a sheet thrown over the settee. The sink was blocked (although, they did fix it upon request), the beds were small and uncomfortable, and the room was generally shabby. But, if you're looking for affordable accomodation with a great location, then go for it - just expect the worst from the rooms and you won't be disappointed!  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>adsnobody
<Content>Sewerage drenched hotel Not recommended as a rated hotel - most blatant false advertising and overrated sewerage drenched hole in Spain. Smell of sewerage everywhere, unfriendly staff. Room very small and extremely small bathroom. Light fittings fell off, window broken, dirty curtins, noisy. Much better expected at 拢160 per night.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>kelsnEck
<Content>Cracking Hotel Stayed at the Rivoli during July. Check-in was easy and service has been great. Standard of room cleanliness was to a high standard with sheets and towels changed everyday. Some evenings the maid went in to turn the bed clothes back and leave choccies on the pillow ! Room we had was one of the newly refurbished and was lovely. Unfortunately the Spa and gym were out of use due to refurbishment, however we were encouraged to use the facilities at the sister hotel `The Ambassador` which again was a beautiful hotel. Members of our party arrived on different days and at different times but again check-in was welcoming and simple ! Very pleasant stay at the Rivoli and will certainly go there again.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Barcelona Break!! Just returned from a 5 night trip staying at the Rivoli Ramblas.The hotel is in a great location,just step into all the action.Hotel was very nice,ie. the breakfast was very good,room was okay but was in need of refurbishing,stained carpets etc.Paying for the location I think,which is worth it.Went to some great places.Food was quite good at La Fonda,although you have to queue.Aso La Caracoles.The best place to eat was at The National Palace.We stumbled across it on my husbands 40th and had the most amazing meal.It is at the MNAC Art museum,only open 1pm until 4pm,but was fabulous,well worth a visit.Probably one of the best meals we've ever had!!!Staff and food were fantastic.It would be worth going again just for that meal.Would definately go back to Barcelona,so much to see and do!!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rooms vary a lot As I suspected from reading other reviews, it's all down to which room you get, My wife and I got a great room (The Butterfly suite!) easily 4 star but my Sister and family got a pretty ropy room which I would call 2/3 star at best, my kids got something in between!Otherwise, we found reception very helpful, bar ok, piano player was there. Restaurant ok'ish but only 4 people in, but that reflects huge choice of eating places at much better prices all around you, breakfast way expensive - go out. Evening meal - go out, try Attic just 100 yards down the street, same side-excellent food and surroundings v.reasonable.Location - absolutely spot on, although can be noisy at night especially at weekends and high season.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Mixed Bag 2 adults + 2 teeagers, 29th Mar - 1st Apr 2005 - Read most of the reviews on this site so stayed for 3 nights expecting the worst! Pleasently suprised had 2 rooms with interconnecting door (not requested be very convenient) on the 1st floor. Find the rooms very clean also all showers etc were in working order! The Hotel has a very good location on La rambla, very close to the metro at Catyluna Placa  shopping areas etc, the rooms we had were at the front of the Hotel overlooking La Ramblas with its street statues etc  could be very entertaining to people watch etc. Found all staff at the hotel very helpful and encountered no problems with the booking, rooms etc. ON THE DOWNSIDE - Being situated on La Rambla means at night it is very noisy anybody who is a light sleeper will not like it, at all hours people are on La Rambla usually very drunk  noisey, street cleaning  bin collecting also takes place during the early hours, the metro can be heard  felt from the rooms every 2 mins (stops at midnight restarts at 5am). The breakfasts etc in the hotel are very good but vastly overpriced! go next door to a local tapas  get an even better breakfast/ snack/ coffee for a 1/4 of the price. For us Rivoli Ramblas was adequate and we would be tempted to use it again, but would probably go for somewhere quieter. As for the 4 star rating all we can say is they must have a different way of rating in Espania, this is 3 star tops. Barcelona is a wonderful city friendly etc, dont be afraid to book hotels away from the centre the transport system is superb and easy to use.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location Good hotel, nice rooms and EXCELLENT location. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Hermissa
<Content>'Standard rooms' below standard for a 4* Hotel ! Just returned from 3 nights at the Rivoli Hotel - on the positive side the Hotellocation is excellent - although given the ease with which most people canfind their way around the city - location should not matter. The breakfastwas also excellent - good choice - fresh fruits - cooked - buffet style - verygood.The rooms ? Well if like me you had gone on their website and built up anexpectation of beautiful - spacious - well appointed rooms - and then youcheck in and your standard room is anything but standard for a 4 starhotel.I have stayed in loads of 4* hotels in Ireland in a standard room - which was 4* but the Rivoli standard was about 2* - at a push !!! The room was small - carpet stained - the bathroom had clear cieling tiles - where bits of debris had fallen onto it - the shower door didnt work so the floor flooded when you had a shower ! We were on the 6th floor - with a lift which could barely hold 3 people and took ages to come up. We had a balcony with spectacular views into next doors back yard and a very entusisatic cleaner who tried to start cleaning at 7-30am !!! The air conditioning was pathetic - we had to sleep with the balcony doors open.For all this luxury - we paid 160-00 euro per night - approx 拢110-00 Stg - I have no issue paying 160-00 euro for a good standard of hotel accomodation but I feel totally let down by this experience - The Rivoli Hotel should be utterly ashamed and I dont know how they can claim 4* status with this level of accomodation!Come across to the UK / Ireland and see what a 4* Hotel really is !!  
<Date>Mar 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>supersammy
<Content>Get what you pay for Stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas hotel in Feb 05. Got a deal through Expedia for a standard room. When we arrived the room was awful! Paint peeling off the walls and grotty decor. Moved rooms and was shown one equally as awful. We then were moved to one of their most Modern rooms which was lovely. Fab bathroom and great decor throughout. This room had obviously just been redecorated. Once settled we had a great time. The hotel was in the perfect location in the centre of the Ramblas and the staff were OK. I would definitely recommend it, just don'nt settle for a rubbish room!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>BlueBaby40
<Content>Superb! Managed to get a real bargain from expedia. Rooms decorated in Spanish rustic style, ours even had a sofa, as well as a ludicrously comfortable bed. We were lucky enough to be on the 7th floor at the back of the hotel and there was a balcony with table and chairs - would have been perfect for watching the sun go down over over the cathedral if we hadn't visited in February!Bathrooms of an extremely high standard, with bath, shower, toilet and bidet. A thoughful array of toiletries provided including, unusually, a sponge and comb. There is a hairdryer next to the basin.The Rivoli Breakfast at 20 Euros probably works out about the same as a breakfast in England (however, note the additional 6% IVA), but this was a real feast featuring orange juice, large fresh fruit salad marinated in real orange juice, bacon, eggs, toast, more fruit (i.e. oranges, apples), delicious danish pastries (the ones containing custard cream was particularly popular), toast and croissants, jam, marmalade, butter, and tea or coffee. And, as a final touch, 20cl bottles of Cava! Ideal if you have something to celebrate.On our second night, we arrived back very late to find that the bed had been turned down and little chocolates left.Service at the hotel was excellent, the staff speak good English - better than my Spanish, anyway - and are happy to order cabs to the airport. The Blue Moon bar on the ground floor is a nice place for a relaxing drink. The location is perfect - at the top of the Ramblas, close to the Metro, El Cortes Ingles, the Cathedral. In short, I cannot recommend this hotel highly enough. Children are welcome and it's a good base for families wishing to explore the city. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weekender65
<Content>Must have changed hands. Reading the most recent reviews on this hotels, I feel it must have changed hands. We stayed here in June 2004 and it was excellent. We had a good room overlooking La Ramblas, the food was really good and the staff extremely helpful. The Bar staff were particularly good, the bar being very lively and good natured.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>falooker
<Content>Rooms vary from 2* to 4* It is obvious from the reviews on this site that the rooms in this hotel vary widely. I booked three twins. The two on the 2nd floor were excellent in every respect. However, our room on the 3rd floor was smaller and had minor faults (no mirror in bedroom. no sound on Sky, missing light bulb) but it was quite well furnished with a pleasant balcony overlooking the Ramblas.Many of your reviews comment on the helpfulness and pleasant attitude of the staff. I can only assume that there have been changes to hotel personel since those reviews. I found the reception staff and the porters to be very friendly and helpful but the bar staff were sorely in need of retraining. There was no attempt to make the customer feel welcome. No smiles, no eye contact, no greetings. The drinks were just plonked down silently. There are plenty of pleasant staff in the bars around the Ramblas so we didn't have to frequent the Rivoli's miserable bar and put up with their miserable staff. Moreover, the bar was advertised as a piano bar but during our stay (February 2005) there was no piano player and a large notice on the piano warning guests not to play the instrument. Like they were afraid we might actually enjoy ourselves! This was a pity since one of our party is a competent piano player and might have cheered the place up a bit.In spite of the above criticisms I would return to this hotel but would want to insist on a good room. I paid the same price for all three rooms and feel that each room should have been of the same standard. They weren't. But the hotel scores highly for it's location which couldn't be bettered.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst customer service in europe We have just come back from the Rivoli Ramblas. Our room was ok,(if the maid leaving your bedding on the floor is counted as acceptable)the Maid in question Ireni was the only pleasant person working in this hotel(always smiling and polite)The 4* rating is a sham, the hotel itself has a lift that doesnt close properly, the restaurant serves the most disgusting breakfast that you could imagine eating (17euros for the priviledge also)You cant get an atom of personality or respect from the rude and ignorant bar staff (they were so very rude it was upsetting)The hotel reception seem to dislike Brits as they were discourteous and apathetic towards us at all time.The cafe bar had a functioning piano (no pianist) aparently its not busy enough for one!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the hotel was full, therefore the hotel was busy enough. The jacuzzi/sauna/gym lol im sorry but this is just a dirty room with a cold bubble bath and antiquated equipment, which is only available when there is a leap year with a crescent moon(believe me, its never open when they say and when you do go down to reception to ask they say you must book and then ignore you)THe trip cost us over three thousand pounds for six people, it wasnt worth a third of that.If this hotel was in the UK you would have a right to sue them for false advertising.Steer clear  
<Date>Feb 16, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jack_Hill
<Content>tale of two rooms The rivoli ramblas has one of the best locations in barcelona but your experience of the hotel will depond on wether you have a standard or superior room. I stayed at the begining of December in a standard room. This was 2 star quality - very average. I looked into the refurbished superior rooms to see 5 star excellence. I suppose you get what you pay for but to have such a difference seemed unfair.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Two Star Hotel Five Star Price We left the same day. Carpet was filthy. Room was too hot and the thermostat did not work. No sound on the only English TV channel. The reaction of staff was unhelpful. This is a two star hotel with a five star price. We went to the 5 star Hotel Majestic for the same price!  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>christmas in Rivoli Ramblas Hotel My Mum and I wanted to get away for Xmas this year and we found this hotel to be an oaisis of calm. Great service from all staff. Food was great and large breakfast selections. Very comfortable room, very clean and maid service all days during Xmas period. This hotel fits into the art novo style that is combining trendy with old. It's location was excellent as once you leave the hotel you are straight into Ramblas busy area, so no taxis neaded during our stay. I would however say that most of the local resturants are just a little over priced but a short walk around the corner and you will find cheaper places. You are in the heart of Baecelona so what else would you expect. This was my second visit to the city and very pretty it was. No british coloured flashing displays of tatty Xmas lights!!!! Very simply decorated with white and gold lights through out the city.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A铆ne
<Content>Wonderful Hotel! My husband  I have just returned from a short break in Barcelona where we stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas Hotel. I can't praise this hotel highly enough! We had a wonderful room on the third floor with a small balcony overlooking the Ramblas. The room was spotless, the bathroom gorgeous (huge bath!) and the bed was really comfortable. (Plus there was a great mini bar!) The staff were all really nice and accommodating. The location couldn't be better with great shopping on the doorstep and taxi's, metro  train close by for those who want to explore further afield. The only thing I would warn about - if you are a light sleeper don't take a room a the front of the hotel. The Ramblas can be a bit 'jovial' at night! All in all it was a great place to stay - we'll definitely be back!!  
<Date>Dec 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Leddin
<Content>Loved the Rivoli Ramblas Four Star hotel that meets that standard. Great location on the Ramblas close to Plaza Catalunya...where Airport bus stops...(and Metro). Although our room faced into a courtyard, not a problem. Room and bathroom well appointed. Breakfast good, but not included in our rate and a bit steep at 38 euros. Ate one morning at local resturant for 10 euros.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excelente! Each time I have visited the Rivoli Ramblas it has been fantastic. The rooms on the front are large and spacious with balcony. The view on to the Rambla is incredible although it can be noisy at night: this can be either atmospheric or annoying!The decor is great, very modern and the bathrooms are spacious and well appointed.The location is superb, halfway between the Plaza de Catalunya and Colon. You couldn't ask for more.I would highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A disgrace - really disappointing This hotel brands itself as some kind of luxury Art Deco masterpiece when actually it's more like a tired and grubby 1 star Motel. The rooms were dark, pokey, and slightly smelly with grubby carpet and linens. The water came out of the shower rusty when we arrived, there was a hole in the bathroom ceiling, and the bed was uncomfortable to say the least. The breakfast at the hotel was extortionately expensive and rubbish. In short - an absolute dump!The only saving grace is the location which is perfect for exploring the beautiful city - but steer clear of the hotel - there are plenty of other options situated on La Ramblas.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fantastic Location My husband and I stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas for 4 days in July and were extremely satisfied with our stay. I had booked the hotel via a tour operator on the internet, so the rates were very reasonable, and I notified them that we were on our honeymoon. When we arrived at the hotel, we were given a free upgrade to a superior double room, which was spacious and had a large balcony overlooking Las Ramblas. The staff at the hotel were very helpful and we could not have been more centrally located in Barcelona, since all the shops, bars, restaurants, metro and many tourist attractions were on our doorstep. I would definitely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overpriced but great location We stayed in the Rivoli for 2 nights in August 2004. The location is great, right on the Ramblas. As we had a room at the back we had no noise at all, but no views either. The room was very small and old fashioned, in need of refurbishment. It didn't look at all like the pictures you would find on the net/in brochures. There were stains in the bathroom and the toilet didn't flush well...On the other hand, breakfast was good with a good choice of meats/cheeses/breads/fruits/hot dishes...There is a so-called gym with jacuzzi. There are 2 pieces of equipment, I'm estimating 20 years old! We reserved the jacuzzi but left after 10 mins as it looked dirty and had an unpleasant smell.The Rivoli was OK for a short stay due to its central location, but we wouldn't stay again.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Expensive noisy so so We stayed here for 2 nights June 2004. The location is great.We could not checkin when we arrived at 1pm so we walked around area until 3pm. When they showed us to our room they didn't show us anything. On the last day we discovered an electric shade that would have darkened the room. Room was very noisy as it was on Ramblas. Room was so so. I thought at over 300 euros per night would've been much nicer. Would not stay again.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2004
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>wkdwtchdr
<Content>Got what we paid for We stayed in May, 2004. Found the staff to be always pleasant and helpful. They were great arranging a large vehicle to get us to our ship-we had a lot of luggage-the rate was less than a taxi. We were happy to have full-size bathrooms, the rooms were clean, and we enjoyed watching the parade on La Rambla from our balcony. The prices were lower than other hotels nearby. Planning to stay again in October.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Over priced rubbish This hotel cost a fortune for our anniversary treat. Only good thing was the location which is very central. Shower leaked all over the floor, the bed was low and uncomfortable. There was not even facilities to make tea or coffee, and room service was expensive and didn't run at night. Wanted to use the gym on Sunday, but it was shut. better off staying in a cheap pension, at least then you get what you pay for!!!  
<Date>Jul 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How is this rated as 4* hotel? What a seriously overrated hotel! How it got a 4* rating I don't know. Our room was badly in need of redecoration, and the smell of sewarage wafting from the bathroom was not pleasant. In addition, we could hear everything the next room were up to, and could also hear every time a room near us flushed their loo or had a shower.Think it is very overpriced - if it were a cheap 3* hotel I could understand....  
<Date>Jul 12, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Delighted with our choice to celebrate our anniversary Great location, excellent moody piano bar, good buffet breakfasts, rooms fine without being exceptional. All in all an excellent place for a short stay, my wife and I will return.   
<Date>Jun 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A 2 star hotel with a 4 star rating  The room was filthy with huge spots all over the carpeting. The bed was so low it looked like it was sitting directly on the floor with no bed frame. The hotel does not have enough elevators and you had to wait a very long time to get one. The staff were not pleasant or helpful at all. We travel a lot and this is the first hotel we left the same day!  
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, needs updating Stayed here May 2004 - had an inside room with carpet that desperately needs to be replaced. Were giving incorrect bus information by front desk clerk, causing much frustration.Late night activities on the Ramblas were loud enough even in our room to keep us awake.Despite these limitations, the location is excellent - directly on the Ramblas, and only a couple blocks from the Plaza de Catalunya.  
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ABSOLUTELY PERFECT As soon as we walked into the lobby of the hotel we felt welcome, the staff on reception were really helpful and there was no problem in providing us with a bedroom at the front of the hotel so we could have a view of Las Ramblas.The room itself was nice and modern and well equipped, the bathroom, although small. Had everything we required and a nice selection of toiletries was provided. The dining room were we had breakfast was very nice indeed and had a lovely relaxed atmosphere. The buffet were really varied and well presented and the staff were most professional.The staff were so pleasant and eager to help us enjoy the hotel and Barcelona.The position of Las Ramblas is perfect so central for shops, metro and lovely restaurants and we would certainly like to return here again.  
<Date>May 21, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location We (2 adults, 2 kids) stayed at the Rivoli Ramblas for 5 nights in April 2004. The hotel has a very nice interior design, friendly staff, a good breakfast buffet, and the location is simply superb. I would definitely stay there again on my next visit to Barcelona.  
<Date>May 2, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for for the single traveler The location is great and so are the pubic areas but, for the single traveler consigned to the 6th floor, it was a disapointing experience.Considering the temperatures experienced in Spain you may think that full air conditioning was essential in a 4* hotel but in the case of the Ramblas you either had heating or cooling. When I was there (despite it being quite warm) the heating was on. Being on the 6th floor all the heat rose to my room and I found it uncomfortably warm.The first room was something of a shoebox overlooking a covered courtyard and I could not stand being there for more than 5 mins. So I asked for a move and got a lighter room facing on to the Ramblas (although I couldn't actually see it). This meant it was noisier but still very warm.I feel that the Hotel was very poor value and I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Upgrade your room. As everyone says the location is excellent. We had a room on the inside of the hotel, whilst it had a window it opened up into a small square courtyard which was covered so you could not tell what the weather was like and the room was very hot. The room was desperately in need of a refurb and you wouldnt dare let your feet touch the carpet. Thankfully our room sprang a leak and we were moved to the superior rooms on the front. These are fantastic, clean, fresh and nicely decorated. I would stop here again but only in one of these rooms. Check out the Attic resturant just down the road the food was fabulous and reasonably priced.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad Expedia Reservation Booked this hotel based upon some TripAdvisor reviews and the general information on Expedia. Booked a very good room at 脗拢190 for one night. Arrived to find no booking at this hotel. Advised that hotel reservations had screwed up and we were now at the Ambassador hotel around the corner.Agreed to view the other hotel, and to be fair it was very nice, if a bit out of date. Ended up with a suite with a roof terrace which to be honest was rather nice, so I wasnt too bothered in the end. That said, I stay in hotels much of the time on business and this sort of screw up is generally inexcusable. Summary ... might be worth confirming booking with hotel a couple of days up frontJust as a note for eating out ... We ate the general tapas during the day, but for an evening restaurant with an interesting menu try Santamonica on Place Reial ( just off las ramblas ) Very very good and very very good prices  
<Date>Apr 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Vary nice! I'll keep it concise.We stayed here in mid Jan 2004. Great location - central to everything. Well equipped clean rooms, helpful friendly staff. Standard is comparable to a good 3* in the UK (e.g Holiday Inn, i.e smart  clean but not quite the Hilton or Marriott.Only disappointment was that we booked a double room but got a twin?!?! (beds pushed together). Complained but hotel was full so didn't get moved.All things considered I would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>So good that I want to keep it to myself..! But no point in keeping quiet about this gem as it has lots of good reviews!. My partner and I booked to stay at the Rivoli Ramblas for the first weekend in March 2004. It was our first trip to Barcelona. On any trip,the accomodation is important and the Rivoli did not disappoint!. The Hotel is on the Ramblas,a minutes or two walk from Placa de Catalunya. The hotel is clean and the staff are efficient,friendly and courteous. We we upgraded free of charge from our double room to a six floor suite. (Opera). This had a lounge area,large bedroom and bathroom with jacuzzi bath. Also a large terrace/patio area overlooking the Ramblas and flanked by two statues!. We stayed on a B  B basis and the buffet breakfast (from 0700-1100hrs)cannot be faulted. It is extensive and the food is excellent. We had one meal in the hotel restaurant (dinner) and dined out the rest of the time. The hotel is excellent and i can thoroughly recommend it.A few tips:For restaurants check out the old town (Barri Gotic) a few mins walk from the hotel.Transport-forget the expensive and crowded tour buses. Hit the Barcelona Metro,its fast,safe clean and superefficient as well as cheap. Individual trips cost around 1 Euro irrespective of distance or better still,buy a ten trip ticket for 6 Euros. There are five lines and the service is excellent. Get a metro map from your hotel.Taxi to/from airport should be in the range 15-20 Euros depending on traffic. Barcelona is very busy with traffic so if the flow is slow,you pay more. Alternatively there is a train to/from the airport to the bottom of the Ramblas or the airport bus which runs to Placa de Catalunya.Safety- as safe as any,take normal precautions,especially at night-dont flash the cash ,dont get involved in street gambling involving three cups and a pea,be aware of who is around you,watch your bag. It felt a lot safer than my native Manchester.As well as the usual stuff,try a visit to Mount Tibidabo. Take the RENFE from Placa Catalunya to Tibidabo,then the funicular(Tram via Blau) up to the mountain base then the funicular all the way to the top for a spectacular view and also to visit the Temple Del Sagrat Cor at the summit.Also visit Parc Guell,(mero line 3 to Lesseps then walk 1500metres.What else? Oh shops shops and more shops but thats really for the women!!.All in all Barca gets full marks and I'd love to visit again!!  
<Date>Mar 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, great room.       La Ramblas from balcony  
<Date>Feb 24, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Upgraded to Junior Suite!   showReview(1645029, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 11, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cagirl
<Content>Would stay here again   showReview(1511671, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, nothing special   showReview(1509655, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tapador
<Content>Clean, quiet and convenient   showReview(1375885, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ripleysheep
<Content>fantastic hotel   showReview(1275170, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SteveS1
<Content>Great stay   showReview(1218564, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel   showReview(1101496, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 19, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was so convenient   showReview(855274, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>an unforgettable honeymoon   showReview(693728, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 4, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gute Ausgangsbasis   showReview(19649728, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉愩儷銈汇儹銉娿伅楂樸亜銇с仚銆?#x201d;   showReview(19915103, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Durchschnittliches Hotel mit oberfl盲chlichem Service   showReview(17437819, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Bon hotel   showReview(15575706, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>lo consiglio vivamente   showReview(14728536, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅, je le recommande.   showReview(14728535, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Nicht empfehlenswert   showReview(14728534, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tres bien situ茅   showReview(13981698, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>tr猫s agreable   showReview(13981697, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliabile per un soggiorno breve   showReview(13201720, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>CHIKI2007
<Content>Muy bien   showReview(8419888, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder!   showReview(11448771, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绔嬪湴銇壇銇勩儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19162617, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ne m茅rite pas ses 4 茅toiles!   showReview(11396403, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Plus jamais   showReview(11380108, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>涓€鐣伄绻佽彲琛椼仹銇傘倠銉?..   showReview(21800321, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel di buon livello, ottima...   showReview(11409534, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 2, 2003
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

