<Author>tiercetravel
<Content>Enough said! The other reviews are right on target. Wish I would have read them before I went there. Please read them all. It was like they were on our trip with us. Please stay away!!!  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>GoBamaGo4
<Content>Unsafe, Unsightly and Unsanitary My husband and I just returned from our horrible stay at this horrible hotel. This hotel should be shut down, due to truly unsanitary conditions. The photos posted on the website are totally inaccurate. Upon checkin, the room given to us was already occupied. That did not stop the front desk from giving us that room and KEYS to that room. We walked in and saw other peoples belongings everywhere. The front desk was not very accommodating, and I had to raise my voice to get another room. When we finally got to our room, I was horrified to say the least. There was mold on the walls, blood on the pillow, and vomit ( I think) on the wall behind the bed. The lights didn't work, the window was plastic with a hole cut in it! The ceilings were falling in, and mold was growing everywhere. The TV didn't work, nor did any of the lights in the bathroom. There was a strange odor that I couldn't identify...We were there for the Sugar Bowl, so we had no choice but to stay. After we returned to the hotel after the game, the first thing we noticed was several police cars with their lights flashing. It turned out that the entire 2nd and 4th floors were robbed. The police were making report after report taking down what was stolen from everyone. One couple was there just after they were married, and all of his wife's jewerly was stolen. Needless to say, we locked everything we had but our clothes in our car, and tried to stay out as late as possible before returning. We slept on top of the covers, and used our long sleeve T-shirts as pillowcases and blankets! It was absolutely horrific. Stay far, far away from this establishment. My next letter is going to be typed to the BBB.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>canalst
<Content>Stay Away From This Hotel This was a horrible hotel! I need to echo another statement that it should be shut down. Yes, it's on Canal St. and close to the Stadium, but empty, rundown buildings surround it. Creepy people run it and are not helpful at all. The amenities listed on the website do not exist. The guests we ran into were also not happy. The elevator broke and there was no attempt to fix it, carpet was missing from the corner of the room, the door wouldn't lock properly, there was a coffee pot, but no coffee, the dresser was bowed, the bathroom was disgusting, and there seemed to be people living at the hotel that were just as creepy as everyone working there. It was more of a communal trashy place!!!!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>nikkistyle
<Content>stay away from this place I booked a reservation here through american airlines vacations. It wasn't in the best of areas. When we stepped in, the lobby was really nice. I thought it wouldn't be too bad. As soon as we left the lobby and took the elevator to the room we started to smell a gross mildewy smell. There were flickering lights in the hallways, bad air circulation, and several homeless people hanging out in the hallways. It just loked dark and dirty. When we entered the room, we noticed first there were SEVERAL holes in the walls. The sheets looked gross, and the ceiling boards were collapsing....not just a little, but massive collapsing. The bed was dirty and stinky and the bathroom was very dirty too. Mold growing everywhere. We immediately returned to the lobby and checked out early. We just felt very gross and dirty and unsafe. We were worried we would be robbed or catch fleas from the bed. We were told we can be refunded, not sure about that yet. Instead we found a room at the holiday inn french quarter, and it is sooooo much better. Anyways, please believe me and do not stay at the canal street hotel.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>1	3	1	1	1	2	1	-1	

<Author>stateline21
<Content>bad advertisement The hotel was nothing like it looked on the website. The tubs were dirty, only one elevator worked,the hot water didn't work, or the air conditioner. Many people were upset because they booked the room on hotels.com and couldn't get their money back. I left the hotel and never stayed because of its poor conditions. I was told that I wouldn't be charged because I didn't stay. After I returned from my trip, i check my credit card and they charged me for staying. The hotel kept giving me the run around and it was a week before someone contacted me. They were rude and hung up on me several times, I almost contacted a lawyer.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mikeyg79
<Content>GROSS this place should be shut down!!!!!! This place should be closed down. The over all appearance of the hotel from the out side is very charming. however the inside left much to be desired. The hallways inside leading to our room was very dirty ( keeping in mind the hallways are inside the building and carpeted) and had a smell that I could not place. When we get to our room the bedding was dirty so we asked for more. and left our room apon returning they came and changed it out however it had the worse oder on it. we called them back to change it out again but they never came. The showers. WOW!!! Gross, they look like they have not been cleaned in ages, and when it came time for a shower we had to let the water run for almost and hour before it got hot. as far as getting rest in this hotel could not do it. there was dogs in one of the rooms around us that would not stop barking and it was not just one dog.so over all save your money dont stay here!!!!!!!Gross. they look like they have not been cleaned in ages. and when it came time for a shower we had to let the water run for almost and hour before it got hot. as far as getting rest in this hotel we could not do it. There was what sounded like a pack of dogs in one of the rooms around us that would not stop barking.So over all SAVE YOUR MONEY!!!! Don't stay here!!!!!!!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>shockerella
<Content>my bed smelled funny and my friend got fleas....aka hobo camp This was BY FAR the jankiest hotel I have ever looked at, much less stayed in. The woman at the front desk and her trashy friend went on and on about Obama and how they didn't care if he got assassinated as long as they got welfare and food stamps. Then we make our way to our room. At first it just seemed below par. We all went out, but upon coming back and laying down, we started to notice....things. People in the dilapidated atrium outside our room were screaming and hooping and hollering. We thought we saw prostitutes. The room itself was gross. The walls were stained. The bed smelled funny. There was a draft from under the door. The A/C was rattling. The ceiling tiles were stained with stranger patterns. My friend got fleas. The lobby was deceiving. You walked past leather sofas into another world of crumudgeonly creatures. One of the elevators didn't work. There was a draft INSIDE the building. No heat in the building. Even the vending machines were nasty. I got some peanuts that were expired. DO NOT STAY HERE.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>nunuck99
<Content>The website shows photos prior to Huricane At first appearence this hotel from the front looks great, but the website photos are very deceiving and it is very obvious upon entering. The elevators are now working but the doors shake. Our room was on the 3 rd floor, the roof was falling apart, showers yuk, the phone did not have a cord, but the worst was the bed. I am very Thankful I brought my 'plastic bed covers' and pillow ones as well.I understand that Katrina has caused major destruction to the city and I am glad I visited to help its tourist economy but the website is deceiving as is the employees with the current desciption of the hotels conditions. The website should be updated to allow the client to decide if they are willing to endure the raw conitions and /or at least be able to prepare themselves to avoid the exposure to, yuk. It was not a bad experience I just would of liked to be alittle more prepared to stay there.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	3	4	

<Author>Cinadiane
<Content>Not the Jazziest Hotel around A friend and I needed a place to stay in New Orleans close to the French Quarter for a reasonable rate over Halloween. I thought I could deal with a no-frills place, but this place was utterly inadequate. To begin with, the free parking was in an unattended parking garage attached to the building which was not well lighted. We're both females in our 20's and we didn't feel very safe walking through it so chose a spot closest to the exit. On the way to our room, we had to avoid shards of plastic and glass from broken lamps in the hallway. There was also graffiti on some of the walls. Once inside the room, we found that the bathroom door was not properly on its hinges and wouldn't shut. We simply didn't feel safe in the place. To the hotel's credit, the person at the desk did not give us any trouble when I asked to cancel our reservation and leave - although she didn't bother to inquire what had changed our minds.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	2	1	2	1	1	

<Author>southernsweetie4ever
<Content>Roaches, Mildew, View of the HOmeless! Out of the three cockroaches we 'noticed' , one, just refused to die! MOld, mildew, I wanted to leave sooooo BAD! I didnt even feel clean getting out of the shower, I went during all-star weekend in Feb 2008! Would not recommend to my WORST ENEMY!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>MikeWoodside
<Content>Do Not Stay at This Hotel!!!! EVER!!!!       Mold in bathroom  
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	5	-1	4	

<Author>sheppy831
<Content>gross gross gross gross broken glass, dirty toilets, scummy showers, cracked windows, broken headboard, stained sheets, soaked through rugs, leaking ceilings, roaches, broken locks, cinderblock walls, homeless people in and out of hotel, no towels...Enough said!!! Stayed 1 hour and ended up screwing out of there...stayed at a beautiful hampton inn...could have been the waldorf when compared to this hotel. NEVER EVER STAY HERE!!!!  
<Date>Jul 23, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	1	1	

<Author>JenniferKIII
<Content>Dirty and it smells Well, simply put the hotel was damaged by hurricane Katrina and was thrown back together to open. Our room was $50 and was booked over the phone. We were actually just passing thru and decided to stay but didn't want to pay a huge price. The room was creepy and smelled like mold. The bathroom had a few guests(roaches) in the tub, elevator worked some of the time,overall the place gave me the creeps and if I ever have to stay over again I'll pay and extra $30 for a nicer hotel. Also,thereis nothing on Canal St around the hotel except abandoned buildings and homeless people, if you stay ride the trolly don't attempt to walk to the quarter.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	2	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>prety1lvn
<Content>DON'T STAY AT THIS HOTEL Please Dont Ever Go To This Hotel. It Was The Worst Hotel I Have Ever Stayed at. The Hotel Had Roaches, No Air Conditioner, No Wash Cloths. The Shower Leaked All On The Floor And There a Alot Of Displaced Residents All Around The Hotel. Do Your Homework Before You Book a Stay.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ldbw26
<Content>Roaches  If you have a fear of roaches never visit this hotel. I have never seen so many roaches in my life, this hotel is infested with roaches. The only thing worse than the roaches was the mold that grew in the bathrooms of the 3 hotel rooms that I was moved too. The linens were stained so badly and if there werent any stains there were cigarette burns in them. The carpet was so filthy that I couldnt set any of my personal items on it. Any thing that was metal was rusted. The hotel smelled awful. This hotel is so run down that it really isnt fit for quests. It was a depressing place to visit, especially with the view of the homesless tent village next door. What you see on the website is not what you get. In the rooms, were no phones, wastebaskets or working televisions. The elevator wasnt working, neither were the ice machines. It was a terrible experience.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>travelinghotmama
<Content>AAAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWEEEEEEEFUL PLEASE save yourself the lobby was the best thing! i understand the it was a hurricane but that had nothing to do with dirty sanitary napkins and wash clothes in my bathroom. and this was the second room that they gave me. the staff was quick to give back a refund so they knew that the hotel was trash.our firdt room looked aweful it was dark and dirty. we didnt even have a iron or iron bard , we had to give them 20 dollars to use the iron for 4 hours, we were not there that long.the hotel is at the top of canal street and it isnt near ANYTHING! save yourself the time the energy and the stress, we stayed at the okeffe plaza hotel it wasa great upgrade and not expensive close to the superdome and other activites  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>tarahrenae
<Content>Dont Do It! I Know Its Cheap But Dont!! do not stay at this hotel.. i paid for a non smoking king room thru expedia.. the king room was more.. i was told check in at 3pm no early check in available..get there shortly after three.. im told my room isnt clean yet. they said they would call me when it was clean.. i called back every hour on the hour until 8 pm..still not clean. get back to hotel after 11pm..new person behind the counter tells me he has no idea about my situation and that when he got there the hotel was fully booked he has me in a double room. so.. either my room was never available or they gave it away.. either way.. between 3 and 11 i rcvd no phone call. the hundreds of homeless ppl live next door in their tents under i-10. prostitutes were being constantly dropped off, homeless people were in teh open rooms that were being rennovated. the hallways smelled of urine. there were bugs in our room, what appeared to be blood stains, no hot water. if youre thinking about the pool..dont. this place is not safe and filthy as ever. the staff is friendly but unwilling or unable to help you in any way with any of the problems with the hotel. the manger is nothing but a rude jerk. i promise you..you do NOT want to stay here. read every review on all the websites and they all say the same thing. NO!  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>pardonme123
<Content>don't ever stay here This is the dirtiest, smelliest, most roach infested shanty of an illusion of a hotel. Every time we flushed the toilet the carpet just became wetter. The sheets were dirty, and when I complained nothing was done. Then there were the prostitutes and trannys looking for their johns. The homeless tent community that resides next to the hotel would have been a five star upgrade compared to this garbage dump. It is not even good for the roaches that inhabit it so abundantly.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>TranClan
<Content>Be VERY afraid! Don't be fooled. Stayed there March 16-18 and it was the WORST place I have ever stayed. From 3rd world countries to roach motel, this one kicked the bucket. It was right across the street from where the local homeless slept in donated tents under the highway overpass, service was non existent. By the photo on its profile, it looks bright and welcoming. In fact, our 2 nights stay was withOUT air conditioning. I don't know how each unit in each room could be on the fritz but we confirmed with others staying there that it was hot has can be. Would've been ok, if we had windows to open to let in a breeze. If we were to cancel our reservation due to this unfortunate event, we would've forfeited the enire cost of what was booked. You'd think that would be a HUGE reason as a courtesy to place us in a comparable hotel at a different location, or be apologetic enough to let us walk away. Evidently, they don't get much business, which led me to believe by their comments that the A/C has not worked in quite some time.When asked when the A/C would be fixed, attendant shrugged his shoulder and reassured us that he has no clue. Over half the rooms on our level were under construction with doors open and darkness within. VERY CREEPY. In our room, there was a stench and NOTHING is new in this place. A set of elevators were out of order, marked by a trash can placed in front of it, leaking ceilings in the hallways and the pool was drained with mold growing inside it. Stay away. Motel 6 gave equal rate but is a far better choice.By the way, the facade from the street looks inviting but from the inside, those aren't windows to rooms, it's a part of the hotel that is a hallway to a wing that is completely abandoned. Creepy vibes from that side. I didn't feel safe at all but lucky I had my bf with me to make me feel that we'd make it through the night.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>KOShadow
<Content>Terrible Terrible Terrible My family and I booked this hotel a few months ago after seeing it's advertised upon an internet website. We called the hotel directly, request three rooms with balconies, and were told that it was newly renovated and located a jewel of a distance away from the French Quarter. Upon arriving we were treated, if you can call it that, with the vision that our hotel was right next to the highway and the so called Tent City that lived beneath it. A heartbreaking and all together fearful mood that we were basically in the slums of the city. On the outside the hotel looked every bit that it did upon the site as well as the lobby but, as soon as we stepped onto the elevator, which was scary enough with hanging wires and dirty walls, a guest staying there all ready began to give us an idea of the horrors we faced. Inside the hotel is nothing more then organized filth. The floors were wet from a leaking ice machine, it reeked of mildew and other questionable smells and all this before we even got to our rooms. We were not given any balconies which would have come in handy since there was NO AIR CONDITIONING. The room was filthy with hanging ceiling tiles that had been spray painted to look white. We had no hot water and it got so hot that we had to stay up all night with our door open just to be able to breath. If you're looking for a restful stay this is not the place. We were given another room after complaining which was really no better but seeing as it was our last night we decided to just rough it out. And the gem of a location? At least seven to eight blocks away from the French Quarter and, while having to wait for the trolley, we were bombarded with homeless people begging for money. If the fact that the hotel was dirty isn't a turn off then the fear of stepping outside it that you might get robbed is. All in all the worst experience ever dealing with a hotel. The staff was friendly but looked to be more like beaten dogs that were just trying to get through the chaos of people complaining. The price simply isn't worth it and I will pay the extra hundred dollars to stay at a place that is cleaner and safer then this. Really, that fact that it's open and operating is surprising as it really should be condemned until all their so called renovations are completed.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	3	2	3	

<Author>Nolaphilegal
<Content>Dangerous And Dirty This place is just horrible. The benefits of it's location (it's touted as french quarter accessible which is barely the truth) DO NOT outweigh it's faults. There are comparable places to stay just outside the french quarter, which by the way this hotel is. This hotel is not in the process of renovating a thing. The carpets have never been treated for mildew, there was no water in the pool, one working elevator with wires hanging down and a missing ceiling panel, a broken lock on my room, the air conditioner didn't work, the hot water took 20 minutes to come. This is not you get what you pay for because they advertise a pool with no water and they talk about a view which is non existent. The mold situation is actually serius enough to be addressed by a civic body.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	2	1	

<Author>AuxillouBeachSuites
<Content>Nice location, dreadful place We booked this hotel because it seemed reasonable compared to the others in the neighborhood. We were heading there for Mardi Gras and wanted some place close to the parades and Bourbon Street that wouldn't hit our wallet too hard. The location is excellent. We were able to walk to all the parades and festivities and to Bourbon Street. That was good. The hoboes living under the expressway made our hearts cry, and we realize that is no fault of the hotel. If anything, it made us happy to be contributing to the economy of NOLA seeing that people there so desperately need help. That said, the hotel and the rooms are awful. It would have been a little better mentally if the parking garage was not always so wet and grimy looking. Who knows where the wetness that covers the covered parking garage's floor comes from? It scared me to think about it. The garage was wet even when outdoors was bone dry. People walking into and out of the building from the garage left wet grimy footprints everywhere contributing to the overall run down look and feel of the place. We paid $99 US per night for our room, but it was worth about $29 - $39US a night. Since it was Mardi Gras weekend, the lobby seemed to be always over crowded. Even though we got to the hotel at 10:00 a.m., we were not allowed to check in until waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay closer to 6:00 p.m. after being given a number and waiting in line for what seemed like hours. Would I stay there again? In a crunch maybe, but if I had a choice, not.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	1	5	3	

<Author>Deb_N_Greg_08
<Content>Waited for rats, mice and cockroaches to come out any minute! We stayed for 2008 Mardi Gras, reserved the room in May '07. Was never told of any renovation. You walk in and the place stunk! Moldy and mildewy. Across the street was a homeless camp - literally. Hundreds of tents, plain matressess, and homeless people. We had a to wait on hour to register got to the room, it was not what I resereved. I requested a king non smoking, recieved 2 double beds. The pictures on this web page depict a nice bright airy room. FALSE! The room was dark and dirty and dingy; the pillows stunk, the bedding stunk, the mattress stunk. I think I got bed bug bites from there. Thank God we were able to find a room at a better place the next day! And I didnt even mind having to pay one hundred dollars more!!!  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>latoya05
<Content>U Get What U Pay For!!! When i orig booked the 3 night stay at hotel it was a Days Inn, we stayed at what is now called Canal street hotel during the 2008 NBA Allstar weekend. the staff was EXTREMELY nice and helpful. The lobby looked great and recently remodeled but the once u get off the elevator thats where the beauty ends..The first room i was given was outside the hotel in the back which looked creepy, the phone didnt work so i immediately asked to be changed to another room preferrably on the inside. I was given a room i thought to be pretty decent, much more favorable than the first room. The room was clean the beds were neat and clean. The shower looked decent ( i always use shower shoes anyway so...lol) We stayed in our room briefly and went immediately to Bourbon which is about 6 blocks from hotel. YES there are homeless people under the bridge but we didnt bother them and they didnt bother us. I wouldnt stay there if traveling alone. When we got back later that night we found the room to be quite chilly but the heat didnt work. We called the front desk and they brought us a portable heater..lol In the morning we asked for another room, only to find that room was disgusting and we actually saw roaches crawling on the wall. We asked to switch back to other room and just use the heater.. We toughed out our stay because we only needed it to rest and shower but our purpose was to party the entire weekend and not to be in the room, Matter of fact we spent time with our friends who were staying at the ramada inn on burbon paying 300.00 a night!!....lol So i mean if your looking for the Hilton at this place, then dont expect it here. But if your going to New Orleans to party and going in a group of 3 or more..lol then the canal street hotel isnt that bad. It served its purpose for us and but the next time i visit New Orleans for an event like that i would invest the extra money to stay at a more expensive hotel on Bourbon!! PS...The rooms on the internet are NOTTHING like the actual rooms and thats what has a lot people fooled but again u get what you pay for and for less than 100.00 a night especially during an event, u dont get much so just keep that in mind!  
<Date>Feb 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	4	4	-1	

<Author>bcbutlers
<Content>HORRIBLE CONDITIONS Staff Allowed Others in our ROOM! Thought we were getting a steal through hotels.com during the end of Mardi Gras at the hotel for 1 night stay. However, upon signing in I had to sign a form stating we had to APPROVE the room within 20 minutes of checking in or we were liable to pay for the room no matter what. NEVER seen that before, so I should have known something wasn't right.The hotel was damp, musty, moldly all over. Once we entered our room, a cockroach climbed the wall, sink drain was plugged with hair, and toilet didn't flush, all this right as walking in. So, I went to call the front desk to say we needed a different room and NO PHONE in the room! I found a maid down the hall cleaning another room. They decided to switch us to that room. Upon returning from the French Quarter, OTHER PEOPLE'S SUITCASES and belongings were strung out ALL OVER OUR ROOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! They had showered, left towels and belongings ALL over the room!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Our bags were IN the room!!!!!! Luckily, I left my PURSE in the safe!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!I called the front desk and they came to get their belongings. BUT we had to wait up for the people that had been in our room since they had ROOM KEYS TO OUR ROOM!!! We didn't walk them walking in when we were sleeping!!!!!TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! When we woke up, we were all overwhelmed with the mold and dampness in the room. The a/c unit was not cool and it was too warm in the room, no windows, etc. HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Hotels.com is compensating us for 1/2 of the room cost and hopefully taking them OFF their list! Believe me, pay the difference and stay ELSEWHERE!!!I have tried to contact the manager of the hotel everyday for 9 days now, NO response!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unreal!!!!  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>NavySNA
<Content>Don't do it! Although this hotel may appeal to your wallet, you may end up with a bent car antenna. Beware of the homeless shantytown located conveniently across the street from the hotel that does not have locks on any exterior doors. The first room we were given was missing the shower head, the shower floor was rusty, and the ceiling was sagging due to water damage. We were allowed to switch rooms, but the second room was missing the refrigerator, microwave, safe, part of the door lock, and a remote control for the tv. Overall, customer service was absolutely terrible. It took us over an hour to check out in the morning because there were several other people experiencing similar dissatisfaction with the accomidations. Many of the promised amenities were not available including: complimentary breakfast, the swimming pool, a free newspaper, and free wi-fi internet access. Words can not emphasize how absolutely terrible the customer service was at this location. I've stayed in many hotels all around the world and this is easily one of the worst experiences I've ever had. My advise is to spent a little bit more money and stay at a more reputable hotel.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>sthrnmiss04
<Content>Is this a hobo camp? Let me recap the trip to New Orleans...... (keep in mind we are two 21 year old females)As we pull off the interstate, we arrive to the Canal St Hotel which directly across from the hobos that live underneath the interstate (which is pretty much like a homeless person city under the interstate, hundreds of hobos living in tents and sheets). We check into the hotel and our room is on the 4th floor. the elevators were broken so we had to haul all of our luggage up 8 flights of stairs. there were no signs directing us to our room so we had to wander around this under-construction hotel. it smelled like amonia and mildew and puke. our room was like a shoebox. the room keys worked 10% of the time. the room itself was damp and humid. the air conditioner was extremely old and falling apart. we had the maintenance (some random black guy) come to our room three times to fix it and it still never worked. we did not have any hot water in the shower and the floor in the bathroom was always moist. the sheets had stains on them. OH and there was an empty juice container on the floor when we first came in the room. the next morning..... we did not have any towels. called front desk and asked for some, she told us they would bring some. an hour went by and there were no towels. called her back and she said aint no body comin there. we busy. and if this is a problem you can come down and get them. so... we went downstairs and waited for 5 minutes for the front desk clerk to get off the phone with her friend and when she did she took another 10 minutes to find some towels. only instead of bath towels she brought us 15 hand towels and said that would have to work because they were out of regular towels. on our way out one time, there were chicken bones laying on the floor in the hallway. NICEEEEEEE.... also, the security was another random black guy that tried to hit on us late at night in the broken elevator. creepy. isnt he suppose to scare off those freaks? keep in mind this hotel is in the middle of several abandoned buildings. also if you are going during mardi gras... be prepared to not be able to get in and out of the hotel, because they block off canal st and you cannot get to it. so be prepared to walk through hobo city. needless to say... do not stay here. your money will be well spent if you go some place a little more expensive. its cheap for a reason.  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>rufuzzy2
<Content>Don't do it!!! Stayed at this hotel this past January (08) for the NCAA championship game. There's an unfortunate reminder of the incredible impact of Katrina right across the street from the hotel as most of the homeless are still gathered under Interstate 10 in tents- hundreds.I went through a couple of rooms before we could find one that wasn't entirely nauseating. Hotel staff were nice if not expert pacifists as I'm sure they got their fair share of irrate/disappointed customers.Newly renovated applies only to the lobby (not even the bathroom in the lobby worked). Air conditioning/heat were iffy and it took me 10 days to recover from the illness I contracted from the unit in my room.Cleanliness- let's not even go there! We prayed the bowing ceiling in the shower did not collapse on us.The only saving grace for this hotel was it's logistical value being walking distance to the french quarter and the stadium. I'm still shocked that this place isn't condemned or sealed for any number of fire, safety, health code violations!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>yunoyuwanme
<Content>at least the location was ok. lol i already expected the hotel to be terrible, but the disgusting rooms were shocking. I booked a 2 bed, but they sold it so they only gave me a a full size bed for 3 ppl. They promised a roll on bed which barely fitted in the room, but i didnt get it until a day later. The room lacked a phone, so i had to call 411 a million times to call the front desk. The hotel overall looked pretty unsafe, but if you are just there to pass out after partying on bourbon, its not so bad, if there is absolutely nothing else ahahhaha. The location is pretty good walking distance, and you cant get lost. great parade view! although if you are driving it will cause you many problems bc the close down the streets. We actually stayed up for the breakfast which ended at 10 am - got there like at 9.45 and everything was closed down, almost like there never was a breakfast at all. parking may be a problem too, n my keys would never work.hell, i still had fun.  
<Date>Feb 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	1	

<Author>mharrison121
<Content>No Frills lodging I chose this hotel because it was a great price and now I know why. I would caution anyone who is thinking of staying in this hotel near the French Quarter. It is located 6-7 blocks from Bourbon Street all the way up Canal Street literally next to the I-10 Highway. While I found the rooms to be okay (despite the elevator not working, the soaking wet carpets in the hallways due to a broken ice machine and even the fact that there was no water on my last day!), I would advise against this mostly because it was quite a sketchy walk from the hotel to the French Quarter. I was accosted every night be random people as I walked down the wreckage of what is now Canal Street (at least 70% of the buildings are gutted out, plywood covered broken windows.) I love New Orleans, but would recommend staying in a hotel closer to the French Quarter.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	1	2	3	2	2	

<Author>CeresRi
<Content>Dreadful experience This was the most dreadful hotel experience that I've ever had. I'm not picky (I have gone back-packing and have stayed in hostels many times) and don't ask for luxury in the hotels that I book, I'm perfectly satisfied with a clean room and a shower that works.I booked a room at Canal Street Hotel for a conference in early January 2008.When I arrived at the hotel, it seemed pretty run down and not very well maintained, which was surprising, given the advertisement of renovations after Katrina. I got into my room exhausted from a long trip and already late for the conference, and when I turned on the light, I noticed a big cockroach half-dead (still moving) on the floor. When I told the staff, they started laughing, and even though they removed the cockroach, they didn't even bother giving me another room or upgrading my reservation. In fact, I don't even remember them apologizing! I tried to convince myself that it was an isolated event, but in the next couple of days I saw more, smaller cockroaches in the corridors. Besides the cockroaches, the linen on the bed were really old, and my blanket was dirty and had holes in it, which looked like they were caused by some insect. My opinion did not improve when on my second night there, some drunk guys were really noisy and kept knocking on my door at 4 or 5am.The staff was not very helpful in general, and when I tried calling them before arriving they kept putting me on hold for so long, that I needed to hang up. During my stay in the hotel every time that I walked past the front desk there were dissatisfied guests arguing with the receptionist. As I was waiting for a taxi to take me to airport when my conference was over, a bunch of policemen came in the building and went to the back of the hotel. I have never been more eager to leave a place.Please stay away!  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	-1	-1	

<Author>razortech
<Content>A 1-star at best I stayed at this hotel as a last option for the BCS national championship game. I usually have very low standards when it comes to hotels - I believe in the old Red Roof Inn commercial that all rooms look the same with the lights off. However, this hotel really challenged this theory. There were blood stains on the mattress, no hot water, a bathroom that I don't think had been cleaned in a long time. I cannot imagine a woman could find this hotel acceptable. For me, it served a purpose - it had a bed and a bathroom. Other than that, I would not stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	3	3	

<Author>Hawaii_Warriors
<Content>BEWARE!!!!!!! I was wary after reading a few reviews of the hotel, but figured, we'll just try it because it stated that some rooms had been renovated. What a mistake! We arrived at night after being delayed and it was dark and dingy. There is no where to eat close by, and no restaurant in the hotel. We went to our room, and it was terrible! The elevator took a long time. We found out later that only one elevator was working. We got the room and it was filthy. The carpet looked like it hadn't been cleaned, ever! The doorknob was missing on the bathroom door and there were small and one large cockroach in the bathroom! The toiletries were all half used and placed in the bathroom with the towels. The bedding was stained and had hairs on it! There were footprints on the walls, and other stains (don't want to know what they were!) on the walls.We tried to switch rooms, but all were the same. My husband had to run all over the hotel to check all the different rooms. The front desk person just gave him a bunch of keys for different rooms to check out. Each room was just as bad! We ended up staying for just one hour, until we could find another hotel. I would not recommend this hotel at all!!!!!  
<Date>Jan 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	-1	1	

<Author>lalama1
<Content>heating and water problems, bad neighborhood I definitely do not recommend this hotel. It looks ok from the outside and in pictures on the website, but it is very deceiving. The lobby looks very nice, but the rooms are small and very run down. We only had a full size bed (not a queen) for a room that was supposed be double occupancy. There was no trash can in the room. And I think this hotel may still have not fixed some infrastructure damage from Katrina. The heating system is all out of whack. At least we were able to turn ours off and leave the door open for awhile to cool the place down, but we saw a guy in the lobby who looked like he had just gotten out of the shower when in fact he was just sweating so much because he could not turn off the heat. We saw another couple check out because there was some kind of leak in their room and the floor was all wet. There is very limited hot water and I was never able to have more than a lukewarm shower. And the elevator broke down at least a couple times in the 3 days we stayed there.I stayed in this hotel partially because of the location. It is a very short walk to Bourbon Street and the Superdome (I went for the BCS National Championship game). However, it turned out not to be a very good location afterall. First of all, it is right next to the highway so there is A LOT of noise from the cars rushing by. Also both the walks to Bourbon Street and the Superdome are through pretty sketchy neighborhoods. We even had a great view of the homeless people under the highway from our room. It's actually quite amazing how quickly the neighborhood changes. It's much better just a few blocks down as you get closer to the French Quarter. And the whole French Quarter/Downtown area was a lot smaller than what I thought it was going to be based on the map. We could have easily stayed at one of the other hotels down by the river and the walk to the French Quarter and the Superdome would have been maybe a little longer, but just as easy. It would have been worth it to be in a better neighborhood.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	-1	5	

<Author>NYCgirl132
<Content>Disgusting hotel We stayed here for the BCS Championship Game. It was the worst hotel I've ever stayed in. It's located directly next to Interstate 10 where a homeless shanty town has been set up under the Interstate after the hurricane - I'm talking about 200 homeless people living in tents and wandering the streets. The hotel is about a 10 minute walk to Bourbon St., but the walk is along a desolate strip of land and completely unsafe due to all the homeless people who hang out along it. The hotel is disgusting - the rooms smell like smoke and mildew, the towels smell like vomit, we had no hot water for a day, other people told us they saw roaches and rats but we luckily didn't see any. The rooms don't have windows, the carpet is nasty and stained, the TV barely worked, etc. It was a bad experience - just save yourself the trouble and book something a bit more expensive.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>takia
<Content>UGH. Would not even go in! Was booked to stay at this hotel for the BCS Championship Game. HOWEVER, the drive to the hotel showed that it was not the type of place a person would feel safe walking out the front door, let alone be a tourist. I understand that the area is impoverished, but be prepared! The hotel is right against the I-10, and under the I-10 is a homeless tent city that is 2 city blocks long. Please note this is NOT a review of the hotel, just the area it is in. We did not enter the hotel!  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ksvoboda6
<Content>Unsafe, Falling Apart, Not worth it!!!       Rusted Fixtures  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	2	3	1	1	

<Author>geauxtigersDallas
<Content>Possibly the worst hotel ever This hotel is filthy (pictures as posted must be decades old). Many of the rooms were out of service. When we tried to check in for the BCS championship (Geaux Tigers), the hotel had been oversold. We had called the hotel twice from the road to ensure we would be able to do a late check-in. At least a dozen people (including my wife and I) who had prepaid were turned away. We were actually the lucky ones. While I was calling Orbitz from the lobby, at least 4 guests came in to complain that their rooms were filthy, that the rooms had a foul smell, and/or that the air conditioner did not work. The hotel is located on Canal at Claiborne--a particularly seedy area of New Orleans. Claiborne Avenue looks like a service road to I-10 at this point. Many shady persons as well as homeless persons were wandering the area. The staff at the hotel told us that Travelocity, Expedia, Orbitz, etc., were still selling rooms in spite of the fact that they had none available (suggesting to me that the problem was with the hotel, not Orbitz). The night staff did help us find another hotel by going through the NOLA Yellow Pages. We did appreciate their efforts. They deserve better management. I give the hotel a rating of 1/5 only because no lower rating is available.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	1	1	1	-1	-1	

<Author>tsawwassen47
<Content>Dirty, filthy and dirty. Filthy carpets. Filthy bathrooms. Smoke detector falling off wall. Headboard not attached to anything; just resting on mattress. Little or no heat. No way to secure door from inside,( a hotel employee barged into room at 08:20 one morning). Located next door to a homless camp and Interstate 10. An uncaring and indifferent staff.Without a doubt the worst hotel i have ever seen. No way would i ever return.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>brwndog
<Content>Awful Hotel Reading reviews before our stay suggested asking for the renovated rooms. . Thinking I was going to receive a clean newly renovated room when asking for a renovated room and was told only renovated rooms were used, I was in for a surprise. The room was definitely not renovated within the last 5 years. It smelled bad inside and outside the room. The carpet was stained and didn't look like it was clean. The ceiling tiles were old and water marked. The bathroom was not clean. There was hair and dust in the corners and the tub was old, stained and in need of a good scrubbing. The walls in the room were stained. Becuase of the overall feeling of filth, I didn't want to even sit on the bed. One plus was they provided free wireless internet service which I used to find another hotel. I happily forfeited one night's room rate and was fortunate to find another hotel in a better location and with better accomodations. I do not recomend this hotel to anyone.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	2	-1	3	

