<Author>framerican52309
<Content>Great location, good value - would stay again We spent a tiny bit more than we planned, but it was beyond worth it. The hotel was located near so many sites - Notre Dame, City Hall, the Senate, Luxembourg Gardens, and within walking distance of the Louvre. It was also near metro stops and a train stop. Not to mention there were tons of restaurants nearby. Just ask the front desk where to go or walk around near Notre Dame for fast food type of stuff.The rooms were small, but not so small as to be a nuisance. They were very clean - no problems there whatsoever. There was enough room to not be tripping over your suitcases all week. (We stayed in two different rooms since we left mid-week for Normandy. They even let us leave behind one of our suitcases while we travelled! I was nervous but nothing went missing, etc.)We skipped the breakfast at the hotel. I believe it was 10 euros per person and we knew we could beat that price. One day we had a full breakfast for 18 euros and every other day we grabbed croissants  coffee for around 7 euros total.The hotel had free computer access, which came in very handy. It's located inside a little booth, so not the best set-up, but really no problem. It was a great help. They also posted the forecast every day.No real complaints about the staff. We met a gentleman named Bruno on our second to last night and wished we had met him sooner! It was a pleasure chatting with him!  
<Date>Dec 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>upbeat624
<Content>Great location Reasonably priced hotel by Paris standards and a wonderful central location to all the sights. Good restaurants nearby and we walked almost everywhere. The staff at the hotel were very accommodating -- we were travelling with three other couples and they were very patient giving us directions and suggestions. The rooms were small but clean. The breakfast was fine although costly. We would most certainly stay there again. We booked by email and it worked out just fine.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TinkerToyTess
<Content>Perfect Location, Clean, and Inexpensive My husband and I stayed four nights in the Hotel College du France in early December. The location is fantastic - within walking distance to many tourist destinations, and just minutes away from several subway stops. Our room (yes, it was small, but who goes to Paris to hang out in a hotel room??) was impeccably clean and comfortable, and I was impressed with the cleaning staff's daily attention to detail in making up our room - I'll admit that I'm pretty picky. Breakfast was nice - not the most fabulous I've had, but adequate and a convenient offering. The location and cost of this hotel make it just perfect for tourists who are looking for a decent place to stay without spending a fortune.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>LondonTwiggy01
<Content>Good hotel in great location I stayed at this hotel for 2 nights and didnt have one bad thing to say about it from beginning to end. I booked it through their website (and emails) they were very quick in responding with my queiries. It is within 3 mins walk from Maubert-Mutualite underground station but we walked to most places as it is so central-you can be infront of the notre dame within 5 mins. The check-in staff were always very polite and curteous to us helping us with any queiries. Having stayed in a few hotels in Paris i am well aware that rooms can be quite small and misleading however this one was different i was pleasantly suprised to see the size of our bedroom (room 32) and a large bathroom. It was clean, spacious and comfortable. We had view over the road, i am usually a light sleeper but didnt hear a thing al night.We had the breakfast at the hotel one morning, buffet style including bread, cheese, ham, cereal, jam, pain au chocolat, croissants etc. Waitress was also very polite. Check-out was again very simple, polite and friendly they even asked us how we had found our stay.If i came back to PAris i would not hesitate to stay here again, you will not find such a hotel in such a location at this price. Im sure it wont be long before the proces go up.There are also plenty of bars,restaurants in this area and you are 5 mins from the Latin quater and from Notre Dame.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	3	

<Author>OzTravela
<Content>Nice enough but beware !!!!! We stayed a few nights here and it must be said that whilst it is a nice enough Hotel it is still pricey - everthing in Paris is of course - and you only get what you pay for in that it is a good location but the rooms are very very small.There is a nice small bathroom and then a really small other room where the bed takes up most of it and you find yourself tripping over your suitcase half the time so small are the rooms (this isnt unusual in Paris too I must say.Word of warning though, the staff speak only reasonable English and hence they struggle at times to really be able to help you. Also they seem to forget to tell you important things like for instance that when they offer to book you a cab for what is a 5 Euro fare there is a 8 Euro 'Booking Fee' !!!Then when you find out about this its too late and they make up reasons why they didn't tell you !!Also be careful asking for a simple cup of tea at night time, we thought it was complimentary and went down to the kitchen and pretty much made it ourselves and then later returned all the cups etc and washed and dried them and put them away only to find that they tried to charge us 6 Euros ($12 Aussies dollars) for the 2 cups of tea bag tea.As a general rule we felt that Paris was spectacularly pretty and abounding with must see Icons but it has one massive downside, that being many (not all) of the people that work in the City who at times will virtually turn their back on you if you say that you can only speak limited French (despite trying hard too) - and they work in Hospitality and rely on us tourists I presume to get a weekly wage Also the locals will at times abuse you whilst you ride your bike around when they catch on that you are a tourist.We were glad to leave Paris to be honest as pretty as it was on the eye and instead of this Hotel providing us with a feeling of 'Home' they added to our sense of being ripped off.And to top off out stay, the Paris Taxi Driver also ripped us off as he dropped us off at the Train Station en-route to Spain.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	2	1	-1	

<Author>Viri_C
<Content>Great value for your money, great location, very friendly staff Great small hotel in the vecinity of the Latin Quarter. Clean quarters with great staff, from the front desk to the ladies that help at the restaurant. Quiet and convenient....  
<Date>Nov 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>Bjorkus
<Content>Latin Quarter       Bathroom  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>mccarthy66
<Content>Another fine stay! Just back from another fine stay at the College De France, our second. I've been telling my colleagues at work today about the warmth and good cheer that awaits all-comers! Everyone, from Mr Sadr (since 1982!) at the reception to the cleaning staff, are unfailingly polite and good-humoured. We stayed in a Superior Room this visit  it lived up to its title! Strongly recommended if available. All of the amenities are excellent from the free internet usage in the lobby to a fine big bathroom with bath tub and endless supplies of hot water. A fine breakfast was brought up to our room each morning within 5 minutes of being requested,  delivered with pleasantness and courtesy by the maid.We love the area! The Quartier Latin has a wonderful ambience and is perfect for wandering around. Many, many excellent restaurants (try Le Pre Verre opposite the hotel, but you must book in advance) and a great buzz in the cosmopolitan locale especially from the students of the Sorbonne.Finally, one small criticism: a maid knocked and woke us to come in  clean our bathroom in the mid to late afternoon despite a 'Do not disturb' sign being on the door. We had been out in the morning  thought the room had been done already. However, this is only a minor criticism, and we have booked again already for next year!  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Holidevil
<Content>The best little hotel in Paris you could wish for ! We had booked our flight to Paris roughly 6 months ahead of our planned arrival date in mid-Sept. ' 08. We reserved our first 4 nights in the city at this hotel at the same time. Our decision was based on the many favourable reviews noticed on Tripadviser. We were not disappointed -- in fact we were surprised and over-pleased, if you could imagine. The Hotel du College de France is a very clean, affordable, friendly hotel in a very convenient location to discover the centre of Paris. What more could the average tourist ask for ?! Once there, we asked for a reservation for our last 3 days in France prior to flying home a month later. At first there was no room -- we were approached later by staff to say there was a last minute cancellation for only 1 of the nights we wanted. We grabbed it without hesitation.  So my point is, the secret is obviously out about this place. Book well in advance to avoid disappointment. The staff is great. Whenever we approached them with whatever request we had, it NEVER seemed to be a bother to satisfy us. All the top floor rooms had a little balcony  table it appeared. We were assigned room #23 which was the only lower room with a balcony setup and it was delightful. We often brought back store -bought food and drink to dine on our balcony.  The store is very handy just down the block to St. Germain, cross the street then a quick left I best recall. There's also a 'pub-like' restareunt at that corner . It's one of the few places in France we could find to go for a ham  egg breakfast if you prefer that in the morning. If you are a strong walker you can reach most popular city attractions by foot from the hotel. There are other attractions that will require public transit use. The subway system is handy and efficient. The larger stations though are hectic and a little dis-orienting. We happened to meet so many helpful ordinary Parisians who were willing to stop and guide us when they noticed us looking dazed and confused on our journeys.  Yes, Paris ( and France generally) to our delight ,can be discovered as being quite friendly !  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>hmc010
<Content>Fantastic Location Great 2 Star Hotel in fantastic location. Friendly and helpful staff. Very clean rooms and good value for money for hotel in Latin Quarter.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>yellowsteph
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Room, Great Location!       our hotel room bathroom  
<Date>Oct 23, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JudyAlexandria_MN
<Content>Great hotel in every way Just returned from a 5 night stay at the Hotel du College de France and couldn't have been happier. Found it on Fodors and also read trip advisor reviews. After staying in different areas of Paris, we decided to try the Latin Quarter. Great Location. Able to walk to many places and also had bus and metro close by. Asked for a twin room and had the one pictured in the website. Large bathroom, comfortable bed, good TV with CNN and BBC. Loved the internet too. All the people at the reception were friendly and helpful. We will definitely stay there again .  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MollyMacSporran
<Content>Great 2 star Hotel The location and friendliness of this hotel more than make up for any short comings, ie breakfast, small rooms etc.Very easy to get to and from the airport CDG as the RER stop is only 4 minutes walk away - a BIG bonus.We found it to be comfortable and clean and just so close to many excellent cafes and restaurants - especially recommend Le Pre Verre across the road (one of the best meals of my life) and the Vietnamese (Bonjour Vietnam) next to the Pantheon. Would not hesitate to stay here again and would gladly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ohmirose28
<Content>Perfect budget hotel We booked our 5-night stay based on the reviews of other TripAdvisors and we were not disappointed. We, also, loved the location and friendly staff. We stayed in Room 16 for 99 euros a night, We agree with other reviewers that this room had no view at all and was on the warm side, but the ceiling fan made sleeping comfortable. Our bathroom with shower had been modernized, with plenty of hot water and towels. There was a small, inconveniently located closet and no dresser. If your suitcases are huge, you may have a problem storing them, as the room is on the small side. The big advantage to being on the floor above the lobby is you can use the stairs and don't have to always be waiting for the elevator.The lobby is really more like a cozy living room. The dining room is off the lobby toward the back of the building. For 10 euros you get cereal, juice, croissants, yogurt, coffee. A bit pricey, so we always ate our Continental breakfast elsewhere.Be sure to make reservations at least one day at Elle Pre Verre, directly across the street from the hotel. Wonderful meals, reasonably priced!!  
<Date>Sep 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Magic_Bryan
<Content>Good location, but weak compared to alternatives in Paris I suspect most of the glowing reviews here are swayed by the excellent location, friendly staff and cleanliness, but do factor in the significant downsides before booking.Starting with the positive, the location is excellent, very near metro, and not too far from the RER line that serves both Gare du Nord and Charles de Gaulle. Also not too far from the river in the 5ieme, so near a few tourist venues and many good places to eat. The place is kept very clean and the desk staff are polite and friendly. Also free wifi and a laptop on the ground floor you can have a quick browse on.Unfortunately the bad points outweigh this on balance.Although clean, the room we were in was rather small with a tiny bathroom and the bed was very short - I'm 6'2 and my feet were sticking well over the edge. Bed was also not the most comfortable, with a distinct slope at both sides - it was like trying to sleep on a pitched roof. Another obstacle to sleep was the noise - although there was little disturbance from the street, the internal walls were very thin and we were woken a great many times by people in other rooms just doing normal stuff like flushing the loo, shutting doors and talking at a normal volume - this is one of the worst hotels I've ever stayed in for this problem.Another couple of negative points relate to food and drink - the breakfast is very expensive and downright poor. There are many places locally you can get a good quality breakfast and if you want to go uber cheap, 2 euros gets you a coffee and muffin at McD*n*lds (blasphemey in Paris, but still, 2 euros...) No minifridge in the room, or even a kettle for tea and coffee. You can get hot and cold drinks from reception, but apart from Espresso they are expensive and not that good. Don't even consider the breakfast and take a travel kettle plus instant coffee and tea if you want a drink. There are many local minimarts to pick up bottled water and snacks, plus a huge number of good places to eat.Price wise, it's not that cheap for Paris, I've stayed in a couple of places which have been cheaper and I've had a better night's sleep to boot.The final point is about the housekeeping service - although the rooms were kept very clean, there were a couple of issues. A nose stud my wife had left on the bathroom shelf disappeared. It was quite small and we think it just got knocked into the sink during enthusiastic cleaning (we popped back mid morning one day and considerable effort was being put in to giving another room on our floor a thorough going over from top to bottom, no skimping for sure.) Similarly, the end of a bottle of aftershave vanished on the last day and was replaced by a lingering smell of Kenzo in the bathroom. We suspect that it got knocked off the shelf and broke, which was no biggie, but it would have been nice to have been given a simple apology.Please be assured, I'm not suggesting anything light fingered was going on, one morning I left a 拢200 mobile charging when I forgot to put it in the safe and it wasn't touched. It was just another annoying little thing that a couple of items succumbed to the overenthusiastic cleaning.We left a feedback form, but didn't get any response at the time of our stay, and no contact about the issues by phone or mail afterwards. As the hotel was totally full, there was no possibility of shifting to an alternative room, so we can't say if we would have been offfered a room change etc.It's not a terrible place by any means, and if you're aware of the downsides (need for travel kettle, effectively no breakfast and internal noise) the location and cleanliness are commendable, but on balance you can do better, especially for the money.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	5	4	2	3	

<Author>JLim
<Content>Excellent Very pleased with room (no. 10). Bathroom is spotless. Location is fantastic; 1 min walk to Metro stop  directly opposite is a fabulous restaurant which is highly rated in all the guides. Staff are unobtrusive but always polite  helpful. Free Wi-fi in room is a bonus! Didn't have breakfast at hotel, as so close to so many other great patisseries/cafes.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Porky113
<Content>Very clean  We stayed here 3 nights and loved it. It was very clean and well located to most places. We walked almost every where, it took a bit of walking but we did it. The transit system runs right by the end of the street as well as the underground. I too found Marc to be very helpful. Our room was large enough compared to some rooms we have stayed in. Our breakfast was included in our price and was very good.We will returned and recommend it.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>writer48
<Content>Great value and quality The location is wonderful, the staff helpful. They made recommendations for restaurants, called in our reservations, and made suggestions regarding places to see and do. (The jazz clubs are outstanding, but not as plentiful as we expected.)We had a rear-facing room and would have preferred a street-facing room, but the hotel was fully booked and it worked out well. The hotel is on a relatively quiet street between Boul. St. Germaine and the College de France. We have stayed in other hotels in this area, but would return to this one. The breakfast was ample and fresh and the staff (desk, kitchen and housekeeping) extremely courteous and friendly. There is a laptop on the first floor for free use.The rooms were clean and of decent size. We could have used more space for our clothing and luggage. The bath was sufficiently large and very clean. We highly recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kipf2
<Content>Good Hotel in 5th Arrondisment Good hotel in 5th Arrondisment of Paris. Close to Notre Dame. Only a block of two from Metro station.Desk clerk Marc is very knowledgeable. Younger clerk not so much. Breakfast is not cheap, but is all-you-can-eat. I took my cue from French woman there, wrapped up hard roll or croissant and ham/cheese and saved it for lunch. Given the prices in Paris for lunch this was a bargain.The room was of adequate size, clean, and with a good bathroom. There is no A/C but this was not a problem in August with cooler temperatures. I had a corner room facing two streets. The neighborhood is quiest enough.Has an elevator (lift), small but helpful for getting luggage to room. All in all, a nice place to spend a couple of nights.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>MikeAndMarj
<Content>Great Little Hotel, Good Value and Perfect Location We stayed at this hotel for 2 nights in July. Mr. Sadr and Marc at the front desk were most polite, friendly and helpful. Another young man on the front desk in the evenings was not quite so polite or accommodating and his look, to us, was one of total disdain. How sad for him to go through life like that!The hotel offered internet access with a computer located in what could be described as a cupboard, virtually the size of a phone box. It was so cramped, but it was free and it was appreciated. Our room was well appointed, clean, comfortable and quiet - no refrigerator though. The location of the hotel is ideal on the Left Bank and in close proximity to train stations, making sight-seeing very easy. We found little places to have breakfast and one worth recommending is Twickenham Pub.On the day of departure, we could leave our cases at the hotel until we were ready to catch a taxi to Gare de Nord. We would certainly recommend this hotel for a holiday in Paris given its perfect location and good value.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>pssyko
<Content>Good time Overall a very good hotel, great location near the metro was very useful. Can also walk to the Louvre and Notre Dame with no problems. Would recommend to a friend. Staff was helpful and speaks English well. Get a room on an upper floor as the street noise on the lower ones can be pretty loud, we were in room 43 which was fine.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>GiovanniPalermo
<Content>good enough but not excellent I was in Hotel college de france on July 2008. I had red all the excellent reviews on this hotel and so when I decided to spend five days in Paris I booked at once to College de France. My experience is a bit disappointing: I had a little room to first floor; the window looked at the back side of the Hotel and it was a dirty, sad and disagreable panorama. The staff of the hotel was on average... The better thing is the location of the Hotel, just in the heart of Paris. The price was a very good price (99 euro for a triple room)...but attention: the third bed was not a real bed but a little roll camp-bed! my son of 10 years old could'nt sleep 'cause it was unconfortable and so, I was forced tu put him between me and my wife in our double bed (140 cm. X 3 persons!!!).Anyway: I advise this Hotel if you want to spend a little price and , by the way, if you want to stay in a wonderful location.Next time If I come back to Paris I think I go again to College the france but I'd like a room in an higher floor and with a real bed for the child!!!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>juanita58
<Content>The reviews are true! Stayed here for 3 nights in late July. Everything good said about it on previous reviews is true. Great location, you can walk everywhere! We had room #52 with twin beds and a balcony with two sets of french doors (windows). 107 euros per night. There was a bit of noise one night but we walked so much during the day that falling asleep was not an issue. Lovely large bathroom...and like the previous poster had no issues with the 1/2 shower door. It was very hot in Paris when we were there but the ceiling fan and floor fan in the room kept things comfortable. I wished there was a mini fridge in the room to store cold drinks but we managed without. We did not eat the breakfast as we usually just grabbed a bite while we were out ( for much less than 10 euros!) Front desk staff were very friendly and helpful. I would stay there again in a heartbeat! It was comfy, clean and close to everything.P.S. Eat at Le Pre Verre across the street but make a reservation...tres bon!  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>DisneyParis
<Content>Great Latin Quarter location-best bathroom ever in Paris Dates of Stay 20 July-22 July 2008 (2 nights)Great little family-run, inexpensive, clean hotel on Rue Thenard, one block south of Blvd St Germain and one block north of Rue des Ecoles-about 3 blocks east of Blvd St Michel. Excellent location for exploring all of Paris and near many great, inexpensive (for Paris) restaurants. Cute spiral staircase or elevator fine for 2 people and luggage. People at front desk always friendly and helpful and willing to let me speak French. Free internet in phone booth in lobby was great but had to leave door open since it could get stuffy. I don't bring my laptop to Europe so no comments about WIFI, but it is available. Didn't eat breakfast-10 euros looked like a lot for what was offered. We probably would have eaten there, but we slept in late the first morning after arriving late and finishing dinner at La Harpe after midnight and we left for the airport the second morning where we had access to the Air France Salon which provided complimentary breakfast and cocktails/champagne. HCF is a definite 5 rating on Trip Advisor for Paris. Unless you're looking for the Georges V or similar or need to stay in a different part of Paris, look no further. I can't imagine anything better on the left bank.Room #42-2 very comfortable, twin beds, free safe, flat screen TV, multi-speed fan with 2 windows opening onto Rue Thenard-might be problem if very, very hot outside but would have to be over 30C/86F at night, I think. How often does that happen in Paris? Noise not an issue when we were there. Extra outlets, if needed, near bed and elsewhere. They have those nasty long, round pillows, but there are good, normal, fluffly ones in the closet-so no pillow issue.Bathroom-best one I've ever had in Paris (I've stayed in many hotels, mostly 2* and 3*) Tub with shower (yes it has a half glass door, but if properly closed by lining up with side of tub and not bumping into while showering, no splatter issue) As in all Paris bathtubs, the side is steeper than the tubs in the US so you have to lift your legs higher. I get tired of hearing people complain about the half glass door and higher side on the tub! Bidet (didn't use), toilet, and sink. Some toiletries provided. Clean towels and restocked toiletries the 2nd day as well-not sure about sheets since I usually just sleep under top cover or duvet.Extras:-we arrived late the first night (at 10 pm), but everything was ready and waiting for us even though the hotel was full (complet) I had emailed the hotel to expect us around 9 pm, but our flight from Vienna was an hour late. Bottom line, they were honest and professional and had saved a quiet room with 2 beds as I had requested.-received wake up call as requested on morning of checkout-younger guy at front desk called Restaurant Le Buffet, Rue des Trois Freres, in Montmartre for me the see if they were open on a Monday evening-they had been closed in the early afternoon when I walked by. Their hours are at their discretion and convenience, they will be open but food-except for the green pepper sauce-and service is great if you speak some French.To summarize, the next time I stay in that part of Paris, I will definitely stay there. The HCF was significantly better than the Minerve or the Familia where I have stayed previously. Those are about the same price and actually about 2 blocks further away from everything.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TheScottSquad
<Content>Not a bad thing to say about this hotel We read the great reviews on this hotel on tripadvisor.com and decided to take the leap of faith to stay here...and now we are back from our trip to add our great review of the Hotel du College de France.We stayed 8 nights in this quiet, clean and friendly hotel located in the left bank near the University. The lobby looked just like the photos on the website and the staff was super friendly and helpful. Our very clean room had a double bed, private bathroom, closet, balcony with chairs/table, flat screen tv and free wi-fi. The ceiling fan helped on hot August days and nights. Fresh towels and sheets everyday. The elevator shared a wall with our room, and even though noise was not a factor, it did cut into the small space that we had. The hotel was in walking distance to many things, especially Notre Dame and Luxemberg Gardens. The metro  RER stations are also in close walking distance. The camping stores that surround the hotel were helpful considering we needed a new electrical converter for our trip.The price and quality of this hotel were excellent and we will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CanadianBoys
<Content>Nice Hotel - Central Hotel College de France was a better hotel than we expected for the rate we paid. We stayed 7 nights second week of July 08. The location is left bank - and for us that is not our usual stomping grounds (anymore) but we wanted to try the hotel given the rave reviews. Hotel College is within easy short walking distance to Notre Dame/St Chapelle, the Louvre and d'Orsay museums. So how good was it?? By Paris standards (based on pus 25 trips) not bad at all. It is 2* - but about the best 2* you may find in Paris. Our room was a twin,with balcony and chairs  tables. Beds were comfortable, pillows are the role type, but regular ones were in the closet so we used those. Bathroom adequate, 1/2 shower door ensuring water always got on the floor :). Clean towels everyday, sheets changed every other day. As other reviewers mentioned, no air conditioning, but ceiling fan adequate when you open the 2 sets of double doors to balcony. Toiletries were of a poor quality (when replenished) so we went out and bought (we travel light). The room was large enough for us with 4 small suitcases. Room safe worked, as did the free Wi-Fi (great to have) even up to our floor with 3 different network connections. Pictures on their website are accurate.The hotel is in a quiet location with the restaurant Le Pr茅 Verre across the street. We had a so so meal there one night (with reservations) but we were not impressed (despite a great bottle of wine). Le Petite Prince a block south was much more charming, with superior food and service and is a better value.Last but not least, the hotel is surrounded by multiple locations (8 or 9) of camping/outdoor adventure stores. The store is housed in many locations in the immediate blocks surrounding the hotel everything from clothing, camping, clothes, ski gear, travel gadgets (electrical converters and plugs), luggage, packs, a map and travel book store - Engish as well (best anywhere). Enough to keep a man busy for an entire day :).  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>ellenkf
<Content>Wonderful Gem! My daughter and I spent 3 days at this wonderful hotel. I booked here because of the reviews I had read and was not disappointed. The staff is lovely and very helpful with recommendations and directions. The hotel is small and charming. The rooms have plenty of room and the bathrooms are immaculate. The tubs have 1/2 shower doors but we managed not to flood the floors too terribly. There is no air conditioning, but the ceiling fan and floor fan plus having the windows open were more than enough for us. This is a fabulous find for those on a budget. The location can not be beat.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>AussieTripper100
<Content>Loved Hotel du College de France I stayed at Hotel du College de France in early June 2008 and absolutely loved it. It was first trip to Paris and what a great introduction. All of the hotel's front desk staff were very helpful and very friendly, they made me feel very welcome. I liked the location a lot and its easy access to the Metro was great. The rooms are well priced and very clean with all of the amenities you need. I'm used to staying in 4 and 5 star Australian hotels and had adjusted my expectations about what European hotels would be like. I thought the hotel was charming, good price for breakfast and the free internet access (in the indoor phone booth) was a real bonus since internet access costs can really add up. The restaurant recommendations were great as well, the hotel is a few minutes walking distance to many good restaurants.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>917p3
<Content>What a great deal! Want to go back! Charming! Hotel College de France shocked us. What a great little hotel! The location is perfect鈥?quiet but close to everything in the Latin Quarter. There is a wine bar across the street and it is near the college district. It is a solid 10-15 minute walk from the metro with luggage. The hotel staff is very kind. Our room was clean and the safe worked. There is no air conditioning, but the ceiling fan was adequate and the huge windows open easily.One of the best parts鈥?free, fast wifi internet access. Hotel College is within easy short walking distance from the Pantheon and Notre Dame/St Chapelle. We also walked to the Louvre and Orsay museums. There are seemingly endless restaurants in the immediate vicinity. We spent more money for a lesser hotel elsewhere in Paris and were upset that we did not just remain at Hotel du College de France.  
<Date>Jun 22, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>PanacheTX
<Content>Best Little Hotel in Paris! I have stayed at this charming little hotel in the Latin Quarterfor several years. I cannot say enough good things about it.The location is excellent (Maubert Metro station is 2 minutesaway), the staff delightful, the rooms very clean and comfortable.A great value. HIGHLY recommended.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2008
<Rating>5	5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ssweeney7
<Content>Perfect for us! I stayed at this hotel with a friend of mine for three nights. It was absolutely perfect for us! We were looking for something low cost that was in a great location. We shared the one bed, which wasn't very comfortable, and the view from our room was of a cement wall... but really how much time do you plan to spend in the room anyway?!?! Oh and the hair dryer was not good at all.. bring your own!! If you don't have your own converter they will provide you with one at the front desk. Also, there is a computer for your use in the lobby. The staff is nice and helpful, and they speak English very well. There are some nice inexpensive places to eat right around the hotel, but I can't remember the names of any of the places we went.You can walk anywhere from the hotel. The first day we walked to Notre Dame, then back to the hotel to catch up on zzzz's! It is definitely worth the extra money to go to the top to see the gargoyles and the view of the city. The second day we walked to the Louvre, down Champs Elysees to the Arc de Triomphe, all the way to the Catacombs (very long walk), and then back to the Eiffel Tower! We are both young and very active, so it worked for us. The metro station is right by the hotel so on the third day we went to Montmarte. Besides getting to and from the airport, it was the only time we used public transportation!! We walked to the Sacre Coeur and Moulin Rouge and hit up some of the boutiques. When we got back to the hotel we walked over to le Bon Marche department store and grocery store. The grocery store is a great place to get some souveniers... they have herbs for only a couple of dollars that make a nice gift since the packaging is in French! A litle more romantic!! We live in NYC so we are used to walking a lot, but this was a great itinerary and I recommend it to anyone in Paris for a short trip!  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>verbet
<Content>awesome stay we spent 6 great nights at this hotel a small hotel but the rooms were of an adequate size room to move , a desk  2 windows over looking the street This hotel is in the St Germain area  is within walking distance to all the sights or the metro is close by anyway .Breakfast at 10 euro,was adequate for a days walking coffee was good.There are plenty of restraunts in the St Germain area the one across from the hotel (forgot name) is worth a visit as is The Little Prince nearby great french food.This is a great hotel highly recommended  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Carly_Dawn
<Content>Very pleased! Highly recommend I booked the superior double room with balcony (room 62) for 5 nights. For the price and fact that it's a 2 star, i admit that i was nervous about arriving and what i was going to find. A 2 min walk from Maubert station, we were pleased to have found it so quickly from Gare du Nord. The outside is tidy and Parisian style. The decor of the reception is a bit odd but we had a very warm welcome and we were allowed to check in 2 hours early without a problem. We were very pleased with our room - i knew that we were going to have the largest, but it was bigger than i thought. The bathroom was also a good size for a French hotel, and the balcony was so nice! They provide a little table and 2 chairs to sit outside, you overlook the Hotel College de France in front of you, which is a lovely building, to your left is a little church and to your right - the eiffel tower! The bed was a double, no smaller or larger. It was comfortable. And the cleaner made our room spotless everyday. Regarding noise - we only heard our neighbours briefly once or twice - our room only had people on one side so that prob helps! The staff are so friendly, helpful and speak perfect English. The location is perfect - metro 2 mins walk away, Notre Dame and the Seine is about 10 minutes. We walked from Arc de Triomphe to our hotel in an hour. The food and cafe's around the area are fantastic - can't beat breakfast at Rue Mouffetard market. I would highly recommend staying here!  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>g_maenchen
<Content>A very nice hotel We recently spent a week in paris and were very pleased by the Hotel du College de France. The location was dandy, the hotel exquisitely clean and neat, the staff friendly and helpful and even the breakfast was quite superior. An excellent value for the money. We would definitely stay there agan.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>amirzee
<Content>Amazing little gem and great value My girlfriend and I just returned from an amazing 5 day trip to Paris. A great part of this positive experience was due to this lovely little hotel situated at the heart of the Latin quarter. This is the first time I book a hotel over the internet, so naturally I was a bit concerned. However, the hotel site was very friendly and booking process went smooth. We arrived at noon and already our room was ready, which was great after the long flight and RER trip from the airport. The staff at the lobby were extremely friendly and helpful unlike any hotel I've been to! So, for 99 Euros a night we got a great quiet room (I asked for a high floor and got the 4th, which was great), at a center location, 5 minutes walk from the metro and with a great staff (even the cleaning lady was friendly). I definately recommend this hotel to everyone who looks for a high value for his money.  
<Date>May 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

