<Author>ParadiseOklahoma
<Content>Great Hotel! This was a very nice hotel. Stayed here for one night after our cruise. Used our priority point's to book two room's on the priority club website. The front desk was very accomodating when we checked in. We arrived at the hotel around 11:00 am and they allowed us to go ahead and check in even though one of the balcony room's wasn't ready yet. They just called us when it was ready and we moved everyone to the new room. They even upgraded us to the club room level at check-in. Nice surprise. The club room has complimentary beer,wine, mixed drink's and snack's from 5-7pm. They also have a complimentary breakfast here in the morning's. The room's were very nice with a min-bar, very comfortable bed's and a decent size bathroom with separate vanity area. This is alway's a big plus to me. It was also nice to be able to sit out on the balcony in the evening and enjoy a drink.All in all I think this hotel is in a decent area close to many attraction's with great customer service.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>keepinitreal9874
<Content>Great Value We spent 5 nights in December here with only one being a weekend night. Our room was very clean, spacious, and was as expected and at $59/night (before tax) really couldn't be beat. We did not eat in the hotel so cannot comment on the food. We found that ~$35 for internet the whole time we were there to be very reasonable and the NY Times delivery was a nice touch. The room also has wine glasses and a corkscrew which is very convenient.The location was ideal as mentioned in the other reviews as I enjoyed being able to leave the french quarter. Our room was very quiet (11th floor). The only disturbance was on the first night in which the room adjacent to us must have had the alarm clock reset and it went off at midnight, but within minutes of calling the front desk this issue was addressed. In general the concierge and front desk were extremely friendly.Overall a very good experience and would definitely recommend this hotel for business or leisure. A minor point of concern was that our bed was bizarrely soft and while this doesn't bother me if your a very finicky sleeper I would keep this in mind.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Irish89
<Content>Nice alternative to the French Quarter We got our room through Priceline for $50 a night. For that kind of money, this place was quite the deal.It is an upscale hotel with all the amenities (and expenses) which one would customarily expect. They clearly take good care of and great pride in their hotel. Like another reviewer, we were there during the Bayou Classic. Not only were the elevators overtaxed, but so were the dining facilities. The guy at the bar told me that we could order food, but it would take about an hour and a half to get it! I would think that a hotel which is within easy walking distance of the Superdome would know how to handle these big crowds a little better. Perhaps not.Aside from this minor inconvenience, it was a very nice place. It is within easy walking distance of about anything a tourist would want to do in New Orleans (i.e., French Quarter, Superdome, Riverwalk, etc.). And it's nice that it's not IN the French Quarter, which can get a little loud and boisterous. If you're looking for the Madri Gras style setting, this is not it. It is much quieter and upscale. But you're only a few short blocks from the party scene.The rooms were nicely appointed, with marble and granite in the bathroom. All in all, it was a very comfortable and nice place to stay . . . especially when you can snag a deal on Priceline!One last issue: parking. If you park at the hotel, they'll want $30 a day. Not a lot of good alternatives though. There is a small lot next door where you can park for $15 a day, but security is not guaranteed. Parking anywhere in downtown New Orleans is just expensive and you should prepare yourself for that.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>digtravel
<Content>Intercontinental a good choice We booked this hotel as part of a Priceline package for a very good rate. The hotel is in a great location for wandering the French Quarter without staying right in the madness. There is a streetcar stop right across the street for Garden District access. The room was large and comfortable. The bathroom was well laid out, with a large marble vanity separate from the rest of the bathroom.Staff was pleasant and helpful. We ordered room service once from the late night menu, food was pretty good and arrived quickly. We didn't get a chance to use the pool due to a cold weather snap.All in all, the Intercontinental is a great choice especially if you can get a Priceline or Hotwire rate.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>everfair
<Content>Thanksgiving in New Orleans We got a good package deal through travelocity for the InterContinental. We came in for the holiday weekend, as well as my birthday on Saturday. Randy greeted us and got our bags at the entrance. We checked in at 2pm with John. I mentioned to him that if it were possible, if we could get a nicer room for my special occasion. When we got to the room, it was nice, but standard, and it overlooked the parking deck next door. In terms of amenities, it was nice...comfy bed, clean and new looking bathrooms. Halfway through our stay, the remote control for the TV stopped working, but we were too lazy to ask them to replace it. We wished that the internet would have been more affordable, if not free. I used the exercise room one morning and it was good-sized and well equipped. The pool was located just outside of it, but since it was rainy, I didn't use it. We really liked the fact that it was within walking distance to the French Quarter, Harrah's, as well as the Riverwalk and the Aquarium, although sadly it was raining on and off all weekend. One of our favorite meals was across the street at Luke.When we returned to the room to freshen up before dinner on Saturday night, I was surprised by a bottle of champagne waiting for me. It was a very nice touch from the hotel to remember my birthday. All in all, we had a great trip in New Orleans and would definitely consider staying here at the InterContinental should we get a good rate again. ***One issue that did somewhat affect the enjoyment of our stay was the fact that the Bayou Classic was the same weekend. Unfortunately, the elevators could not hold up against the volume of people elevator riding to party in various hotel rooms, and thus there was a backup at the elevators. Also, when we left our room early Sunday morning to check out, we saw a man sleeping on a chair in the corner of the elevator waiting area, which shocked us. (I suppose that you could argue that perhaps better security would have prevented this.)  
<Date>Dec 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	4	3	

<Author>BIG_SOS
<Content>pretty hotel Stayed here for a Saints game at the superdome. Very pretty hotel and quiet. Good location on streetcar line with lots of close restaurants. Close to dome, quarter, and riverfront.Room very nice. Very comfortable bed. Quiet room and hotel, although like any in the city, some noise.Gym good. Pool cold for winter. Staff very nice and accommodating.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mawwit
<Content>Decent room; not much else to this hotel This hotel has a relatively pretty, but old-feeling lobby, kind of like being at a nursing home. There was very little buzz in the bar and restaurant the entire time at the hotel. It just wasn't a very exciting or provocative ambience for a supposed 4 star hotel. Service and staff were friendly at check-in. As for the room, it was simple and clean, yet a bit outdated. The location is decent for getting into the FQ, and I would suggest this hotel if there is a very good price. You will get a safe, clean environment, but nothing much more than you would find in a limited-service hotel like a Hampton Inn/Courtyard, etc.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>cyl70e
<Content>Nice Place       Pic of the room after a quick nap.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>sarapac
<Content>Good Location, that's about it We stayed here Oct 30-Nov 1 to celebrate our anniversary and experience Halloween in New Orleans. We booked it through Bookit.com's Mystery Hotel option. The hotel is in a great location, as described. Just a block from the St. Charles Streetcar and a few blocks from the French Quarter. After spending a couple nights on Bourbon Street we were glad to get away to a quieter hotel and get a good night of rest. The streetcars made getting around very easy. We rode down to the Garden District and walked to the zoo for Swamp Fest for some local music and authentic cajun food. We also took the streetcar to St. Louis Cathedral and enjoyed the Halloween Parade. Everywhere we went we felt safe and the people of New Orleans were incredible. To be honest, we didn't spend much time in the hotel room. The beds were comfortable. We had great water pressure. Lots of closet space. No noise problems. There were just a few minor problems. The air vent on the ceiling fell open. The TV had terrible reception, not that it mattered. You have to pay for internet. Room Service prices were ridiculous. The room was a bit run down, but still quite clean. I would not pay full price. The pastry shop on the first floor, is closed on weekends which seemed incredibly stupid with all the tourists there for Halloween. With so many great restaurants in NOLA, we didn't waste our time at the hotel restaurant. From the other reviews, it sounds like we didn't miss much. For $99/night I think we could have done better. The hotel really doesn't have much extra to offer. We will probably stay somewhere else next time, now that we know the area better. We still had an incredible vacation, despite the very minor problems with the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	5	4	5	3	2	

<Author>DrSavant
<Content>Definitely does not deserve it's star rating When you stay in a 5 star hotel, you expect certain things.None of them are here. Well, maybe with the exception of a friendly and helpful concierge, which speaks to the credit of that person, rather than the hotel.The room I had, looked like it desperately wished for a renovation. The bathroom is tiny and is more of an excuse for a bathroom, rather than an actual one (attempting to bear in mind the star rating of the hotel, once again). The soundproofing level is next to none - had to enjoy various lovemaking sounds emanating from several rooms!Breakfast was a killer - all (yes, all) of their dairy products were expired and a complaint to the management was met with an oh really? raised eyebrow.Adding insult to injury, they've attempted to charge me for a breakfast that was included with the room.Long story short - never again will I stay in this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	2	3	4	-1	

<Author>B.G._Chicago
<Content>WAY below our expectations - 10/30/08-11/2/08 We stayed at the Intercontinental for Halloween, and it was probably the scariest thing we saw all weekend. The bell boys were too interested in their personal conversations to help us with our bags, and the front desk also seemed disinterested during check-in. Our hotel room was in terrible shape. No fitted sheets, the shower was barely a dribble of water, there were no washcloths, and the sink handle fell off on our second day. We ordered room service for two, and they proceeded to send us two pieces of toast and two bites of our remaining entrees. The fruit tasted fishy (I don't know how this is even possible). When we called to complain about all of these concerns, the manager simply said she's comp our breakfast. Why she did not offer to fix the shower or the sheets is beyond comprehension.The Intercontinental hotel is no where close to a four star hotel. There are many nicer hotels in the French Quarter. Luckily, we had an amazing time on our trip and were able to laugh off our poor treatment at the Intercontinental, but we will certainly never go back to this hotel.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>claude46
<Content>Terrific stay/terrible breakfast We had a lovely stay at the Intercontinental in New Orleans. Conveniently located. Accommodating staff who were helpful at every turn. We could not have been more pleased with the reservations, check-in, valet parking, directions to attractions, cleanliness and attention to detail. We were delighted with our stay and would book there again. However, our decision to visit the in house restaurant for a Saturday morning breakfast was a terrible mistake. The very expensive breakfast buffet was awful. The table service was, at best, absent. The buffet items were mediocre, if present. The expensive, special cooked items were inedible and arrived after all had finished their meals and some had left the table - A travesty in food oriented New Orleans. After a very long wait for our check, we were told that the credit card machine was broken. The whole restaurant is broken! By all means stay at the New Orleans Intercontinental Hotel. Avoid the in house restaurant at all cost!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Remgirl1
<Content>Beautiful, Comfortable, and in a Perfect Location I was only in Nola for two nights (sadly) to attend the Voodoo Music Experience. I had booked the Intercontinental a few months earlier via Priceline and got a fantastic rate of only $64. plus tax per night. Arriving at the hotel I saw a tour bus parked outside and quite a few people in the valet area. I overheard that the hotel was fully booked that night and that many musicians were staying there. When I checked in I was told that I was being given a complimentary room upgrade to a King Deluxe. The room I got looked exactly like the one in their photos. I was on the 11th floor and had a huge balcony that overlooked the courtyard. The bed and pillows were very comfortable, the towels were large and plentiful, and the shower was great. The temperature controls were easy to adjust, however the alarm clock had me stumped so I simply requested a wake up call. I ordered room service for dinner two nights in a row after getting back from the music fest. I know a hotel is not the place to get an authentic (or cheap) shrimp po' boy in Nola, but I was starving and wanted to get away from the crowds. Let me tell you, my Po' Boy was delicious and huge. Two people could've made a meal of it. I liked it so much I got it both nights. As for location, the Intercontinental is in the perfect spot. Its at the border of where the central business district and the French quarter meet. This was a quiet area yet only a five minute walk to bustling Canal Street. The St.Charles and Canal streetcars are easily accessible, as well as public bus service, and the area itself is safe to walk at night. My only complaint, if you can call it that, were the connecting room doors lack of soundproofing. My room had connecting rooms on either side and I could clearly hear my neighbor's conversation on one occasion. Other than that, pure silence. I look forward to my next visit to the Intercontinental New Orleans as I am already planning a Halloween trip for next year.  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>zuki13
<Content>Beware! We arrived at the hotel and handed our luggage to the bellman. He apparently left it unattended long enough for a bag to be stolen. Then, when we reported the lost bag, the management intially insinuated that this was some sort of plot to bilk money out of the hotel. They asked for a list of the contents and then mockingly questioned the values assigned. They did capture the theft on security video. The New Orleans police were much more tactful than the young hotel staff. Hotel management has an attitude problem and could not have handled this any worse than they did. When I tried to register a complaint online at their website, they limit the comment to 500 characters, so it did not post. This situation would have been bad enough, but hotel management made it much worse. If this is allegedly a 4 star hotel, it apparently hasn't been evaluated recently. The room was actually nice, but the food was horrible and the wait staff was surly. All in all, this was a horrible experience.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	4	4	1	1	-1	

<Author>goodtrips4meandu
<Content>Perfect Location, Perfect hotel They checked me in before check in time, I got there at 12 check in time was 4. The hotel is literally within blocks of everything, and if you want to see the zoo, Audobon park, the Garden district... Anne Rice fans love that district! The St. Charles streetcar is on the corner of your hotel. Is only a very few short blocks from Bourbon street and the french quarter. Beautiful rooms. Concierge very helpful, friendly and conversational as well as front desk staff. I will return to this charming city and use this hotel again if I don't just move there.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>beechmi
<Content>Nice Hotel and Great Location!!!! I just returned from a long weekend at the Hotel Intercontinental New Orleans. I've stayed at Intercontinental Hotels all over the USA, Europe and Asia, and found this property to be a bit above 'average' for IHG.The staff was very friendly and helpful, and the location was great (just a few minutes walk to Canal Street  the French Quarter). My room was on the 14th (or 'executive') floor and it was very clean, quiet and comfortable with great maid service.The hotel is in good condition and well maintained, but it has that '1980's' hotel look (lots of mirrors, gold fixtures  chandelier lighting) to it and is a bit dated.The staff in the executive lounge were very friendly and helpful, but the lounge itself was nothing to get too excited about. No WIFI, and staff only in the morning (for continental breakfast) and a couple hours in the evening. Otherwise, it was a few softdrinks, chips, nuts, coffee  the NY Times.The gym  exercise room were clean and above adequate for a hotel (there was a real weight bench and weights over 25 lbs.!) with a nautilus machine, free weights, treadmills, bikes  stairmasters. But no steam room, sauna or showers. The pool is on the roof and outside, but not very big. Its not a 'lap' pool, but more like a 'wading' pool.So if you're looking for a comfortable, clean and quiet 'business' hotel in the CBD near the French Quarter I think you'll be happy.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>sjpottawa
<Content>Streetcar noise! Generally speaking, the quality of the hotel was fine. Front desk staff were friendly, concierge was helpful, room was clean and reasonably well appointed. Room service food was disappointing, but about what I'd expect from a hotel.However... my room on the 5th floor was *NOISY*. At 5:30am, the noise from the streetcars starts - and it was loud enough to wake me up both mornings. I mentioned it to the front desk staff after the first night and they offered to move me to a quiet room, but I was flying out early the next morning and was planning on waking up at 5:30 anyway.There may be other rooms that aren't affected by this, but I won't take the chance.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ljfine99
<Content>loved it First I'd like to wish all well in the Gulf Coast. Secondly, I'd like to thank everyone that contributes to this site. So, i landed in N.O on 8/19/08. The cab ride is appr. $15 pp,  there were 2 in my party for that ride. We stayed at the New Orleans Intercontinental Hotel, located on St.Charles st. Lovely hotel! I haven't anything bad to say about the place. As soon as I checked in my friends and I went seeking Pat O'Brians thanks to this site. We were looking for the infamous Hurricane drink. Sorry to say that it left little to be desired. Not at all what i expected. Now, if you want a REAL hurricane, then I suggest you head over to a little spot on Gravier st. It's next door to the Holiday Inn and it's called Dominic's Bar. It's 2 blocks from the hotel. Trust me when i tell you that you really only need one. I had 2 in one day and missed a date with a nice guy. Bourbon st. is another world. We went during the day, and it was a regular neighborhood, few people out and about. At night, OH MY GOODNESS!!!!! it was a COMPLETELY different world. Seems like most everything is legal on Bourbon. There's a spot right next to the hotel (if you come out and go to your right) cheap breakfast. I forget the name but it's the first place that you can buy food if you come out and turn right. Had breakfast at MOMMAS. Really good food. My friends did the Katrina Tour, I declined. Just don't feel comfortable giving my money to a bus company when it doesn't benefit the victims. Anyway I didn't get to do half as much as I wanted to. I will say that I LOVE NEW ORLEANS!!! I can't wait to go back, and have 1/2 of a Hurricane! PS. The pool in the hotel was clean and enjoyable, as was the fitness center.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Melinda065
<Content>Exceptional staff! We didn't arrive until around 2 a.m. the first night, but from the moment we stepped out of the cab until we left our experience was nothing less than perfect. I can't say enough about the staff, especially Michael the concierge, so knowledgeable!. We were married during our stay and he made sure a surprise flower arrangement from my fiance was waiting when I arrived in our room. He went above and beyond to make our stay comfortable. We never encountered a single staff member who wasn't smiling and friendly. The beds were great, nice and plush. The housekeeping staff was very accomodating as far as waiting until we had left for the day before they came to clean, we never had a knock at 8 or 9 a.m. to disturb our sleep. We booked our stay through priceline (awesome rate!), 2 rooms, and I requested adjoining rooms before we arrived, no problem at all. We did not try the hotel restaurant but if the smells emanating into the lobby were indicative of the food it must be wonderful. We plan on returning to New Orleans next year and we will definitely stay at the Intercontinental.As far as restaurants I'd recommend GW Fins, Cochon, Central Grocery, and if you're a sushi fan go to Sake Cafe on Magazine, much more variety than the usual sushi bar (try the sea urchin and quail egg) and the service was wonderful.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oyster4
<Content>Good not Great Stayed here for two weeks on business. The hotel was nice and the rooms were clean and comfortable. The best feature of the hotel was its close walking distance to the quarter without having to stay in the dirty, noisy quarter. All restaurants and bars are within an easy walk. The workout room at the hotel is lacking as are the dining options, room service is a bit over priced and the bar is pretty dead. Staff were polite but not overly friendly.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>funtravelfamily
<Content>Very Nice! We stayed here one night while in NOLA, passing through to San Antonio. We wanted to be close to the French Quarter, so we could walk. The hotel was wonderful. The room was clean and comfy, very nice. It was a nice short walk to the Quarter. Booked on Priceline. Great Hotel. Great price!! We would love to stay here again!Happy Travels!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hathor8080
<Content>would not stay here again, unless great deal stayed here last weekend, in town for a business convention. upon checking in (after driving for 6 hours) we learned we needed the credit card which the reservations were booked. the lady at the desk was very unhelpful and i don't think would have cared if we had to sleep on the street. long story short... after making us stand at the check-in desk for over an hour and a long-distance call to our boss, we finally were given the room key (at 9:30 pm). the room was very disappointing, i'm not sure what i was expecting, just something better. room with 2 double beds was very small (as in- you can stay at a $50/night hotel with a bigger room). no bathrobes as the website says. view of the parking garage next door, no balcony. the elevators ran fine the entire weekend, but when we were trying to leave monday am - had to wait 25 minutes for one to take us to the lobby. also every morning in the lobby they set up a table where someone handed out coffee and pastries, for a price. why is it that the more a hotel charges to stay, the cheaper they get? i did get a chance to check out the pool, (not planning to swim - just wanted to see how nice it was), it wasn't nice at all, seems like it doesn't see much sun, very small, and very insulated. thought that like some of the westin hotels there would be a view of the surrounding area - it IS on the 15th floor. the valet people, on the other hand, were very nice and helpful. Overall i wouldn't suggest this place to anyone else as there are many, many hotels in the immediate area, and i'm sure they are better.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	1	4	-1	

<Author>lolanola
<Content>Dynamite Hotel Booked this as a little in-town getaway and it was truly a treat. The property is fantastic on every level. I was amazed to see how much was going on in the downtown area as oppossed to the French Quarter, where we usually stay when we do things like this. There were people everywhere, Great restaurants both in and out of the hotel.. but you must do the Sunday Brunch!!! The InterCon does offer some great deals, but I wouldn't hesitate to pay full price for the service level and room quality we received, it was well worth it. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nedo134
<Content>Best Concierge Service in N.O.! My girlfriend  I decided to take a trip to NO for Memorial Day holidays....especially since we found a great deal on Hotwire that we couldnt pass up.We didnt make any plans when arriving in the city; we thought we could just 'wing' it and make the best of the long weekend. First thing we did when we got there was spoke w/ the Concierge in the hotel and asked him for his recommendations on what we should do and where we should eat each day. He ended up planning our entire weekend for us, booked all our events for us, called all the restaraunts before-hand and informed them of any of our dinner requests! Because of him the entire weekend went flawlessly! I've never had such great service from any concierge without any hassles.Ohyeah, the hotel wasnt so bad either! Actually, the hotel was as expected - clean with nice amenities, but due to the excellent service, I rate this hotel as EXCELLENT!Pros: - Friendliest staff (from valet to front desk to concierge!)- spacious bathrooms- clean- big gym- cozy patio one of the roofs (like ur not in the city)Cons:- sometimes could hear doors slamming in the hallway (but that didnt really bother us too much)- if you're hungry you have to walk over to canal street or farther- the walls around the pool keep direct sunlight from hitting the pool whenever the sun isnt directly overhead - makes it kinda cold  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	2	4	4	5	1	

<Author>Back Home
<Content>Fantastic location, great hotel My husband and I stayed at the Intercontinental in New Orleans on a combined business / pleasure trip. We have vacationed in NO annually for 15 years, but this was our first stay at this location. It was perfect for us, as we love to walk the city. We could get nearly anywhere we needed to go, either by foot, St. Charles Streetcar, or Algiers Ferry. It's about 3 blocks from Canal Street (French Quarter starts at Canal) and the streetcar stops directly across from the front of the hotel. The rooms were very comfortable and quiet, with updated decor. Beds were plush with duvets and lots of pillows. Work-out facility is very large and well-equipped, rooftop pool was great, and has a covered as well as open-to-the-sky lounging area. Every staff person we encountered, including the in-house phone reservations agent, doormen, front desk staff, concierge, housekeepers, and coffee shop cashier was professional, friendly and eager to help. This hotel is a tremendous value, and we will stay there again.  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tjl3845
<Content>IC New Orleans is Top Notch Choice The InterContinental New Orleans is a top-notch choice for those visiting the Crescent City. While I have usually stayed at properties in the French Quarter on numerous previous trips to NOLA, the IC is a great pick in the Central Business District on St. Charles Avenue, but only a few short blocks away from Canal Street and across to the Quarter.After being greeted by friendly and welcoming bellmen, you proceed up escalators or an elevator to the hotel's cool and elegant marble lobby on the second floor. We had a spacious and luxurious deluxe corner king room on the 11th floor with a huge patio balcony. The room, done up in a rich burgundy and gold, featured a minibar and all the usual plush hotel amenities including robes and slippers. The room's small foyer area and marble bathroom was quite nice.While we did not dine at the hotel's restaurant, Veranda, or its casual Pete's Pub, we did enjoy a fine room service breakfast at the table on our room's balcony, and also a light breakfast another morning from the hotel's Sweet Car pastry shop located below the lobby. The Lobby Lounge is a relaxing and quiet spot for drinks before heading out to the heat and frolic of Bourbon Street and elsewhere in the Quarter.We took advantage of the welcome, if somewhat small, rooftop outdoor pool on the hotel's 15th floor, just off the excercise room. While the IC is a large hotel in the CBD, and may not offer the quaint charm of smaller and more historic French Quarter hotels, it is undeniably luxurious with first-class service. I would highly recommend it.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>kmcjd72
<Content>Best deal going! Needless to say, I was very impressed. Service at the front desk was classic Southern style (with an international flair). If you bring a car, the valet is really quick to respond. The location is excellent -- a block away from Canal Street (where the French Quarter begins) so you don't have drunks regurgitating all over the front of the hotel :). You can *almost* completely avoid the potential traffic on the streets of the Quarter! The BEST thing about this hotel is the size of the rooms. A regular room is HUGE compared to the typical New Orleans hotel rooms! Granted, this hotel is located in the CBD, not quite the French Quarter where the rooms are definitely smaller. I've stayed at the Iberville Suites and the Bourbon Orleans (both in the Quarter) and the Sheraton and the Le Pavilion (both in the CBD) but none can compare to the space you get here. (Note, however, that the rooms are not all the same size, so a regular room on floor may be slightly larger/smaller than the next -- so I discovered from another friend who stayed here as well.)**TIP: To get this hotel from Hotwire at a GREAT price, find the 4-star hotel in the CBD that's marked Customer Favorite. You will get either this, or the Sheraton.**  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>andreiuta
<Content>Great location I was very happy with my stay at this hotel. The room was large and clean, with very comfortable beds. No plasma TV which was a bit weird for this hotel, but it didn't matter, as I never watch TV when I travel. The only really negative thing I can say about the room (and the reason for not rating this as Excellent) was that the bathroom floor felt sticky, I would guess from a previous guest using too much hair spray. And obviously the floor hasn't been quite properly cleaned before we checked in.Other than that, I have only great things to say about the receptionists and the rest of the staff. They couldn't have been more helpful and accommodating. They provided a large deal of information concerning local attractions, restaurants, directions, and so on. We asked for late check-out and were giving it without a fuss. One of the best things about this hotel is the location: only two blocks away from Bourbon St. and probably 10 minutes walking from Jackson Sq., this hotel is truly in the middle of all happening, but still far enough to avoid all the night life noise. If you don't plan in driving out of the city, I would suggest not to rent a car. We had one and never used it, since we were so close to the best places in town. If you decide for a car, the hotel has an outdoors parking, which at $15/day is much cheaper than most of the parking lots in this area.Finally the room comes with free Internet access, but don't forget to bring your laptop. Unfortunately, I did forget, and it cost me $5.95/15 min. (!!) to check my e-mail.Overall, a great experience and I would stay here again in a heartbeat!  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	3	5	5	5	

<Author>kkpina
<Content>Comfy bed, overall nice, a couple hiccups I stayed here on business at the end of April 2008. Overall, found this to be a very nice hotel with a great, comfy bed and nice linens. Spacious room with a decent sized bathroom. One problem, one night I called the front desk for a bathroom item I'd forgotten to pack. They assured me someone would be up shortly with the item. An hour went by and no one came. I called the front desk and was told the person was on their way. Waited another 20 min (at this point it was 1am) and still no one came. Finally I called the desk for a third time, asked if I could go down to the desk myself and was told no, the only extra item was with the staff member for delivery. I asked them to please cancel for the night as I had to go to sleep. I did manage to get the item in the morning but lost 1 1/2 hrs of sleep waiting for the nighttime delivery that never came. Also, one day no one ever came to clean the room. I am not picky about needing my bed done up by a maid every day so I didn't care too much, but found it odd that the room was forgotten about. The first time I have ever experienced that in all my hotel stays. Other than those 2 small incidents I found the room to be quiet and comfortable.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	2	3	3	2	3	

<Author>mdboutte
<Content>Wonderful Stay! Received this hotel thru Priceline Bid for $55 for a Saturday Night. Wonderful hotel! Everything was wonderful and the St. Charles trolly stop is 1 block to the left or 1 block to the right. We did not have to use our car for the weekend. We also asked where to buy the Times Picayune and they gave us one both days.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mere17
<Content>Great Hotel - great prices on priceline This was a nice hotel. We had stayed in one in San Fran and so we had something to compare it too. The rooms were very clean and very large for New Orleans. The lobby area was very nice. The pool was very small and not really much fun on a hot afternoon. We were very impressed with the staff and everyone there.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>jcdato
<Content>Very nice in New Orleans This was our first stay at the Hotel Intercontinental thanks to a GREAT rate on Hotwire. The valet and bell staff are some of the friendliest and helpful in New Orleans. Front desk employees and operator personnel were equally professional and courteous.The lobby and common areas are clean and attractive but not overwhelmingly special. The rooms, however, are impeccably decorated. My wife and I agreed that the room was one of the most beautiful we have visited. The furnishings are rich and the bedding/linens and toiletries are top quality. The location on the St. Charles street car line makes the Hotel Intercontinental very accessible to the Garden District and Audubon Park. For Mardi Gras revellers interested in staying put downtown for parades, book your room here; your car will never have to be moved.The only negatives that I have to share concern the concierge and room maintenance. First of all, I called the concierge and was asked to leave a message with my question or specific need. I left the message and was never contacted by the concierge for the entire stay. The other negative I experienced was with marks/scuffs on the wallpaper in the bathroom and a large stain on the arm of the easy chair in our room.All in all, the Hotel Intercontinental is worth the price paid.  
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	5	3	3	

<Author>islandmann
<Content>Great, Quiet, Classy Wonderful hotel, rooms were large and comfortable. Staff very friendly and helpful. Upgraded to club level nice to have a living room to go too and great breakfast and evening snacks incl. Short walk to quarter and really nice to return to the 4star comfort after long days. Had 7 yr old with us she loved it. Small but very nice rooftop pool. Great workout room open 24/7  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	2	

<Author>Honeybee59
<Content>A Great Place to Stay May 5, 2008My husband and I stayed at the New Orleans Intercontinental on St. Charles Street during the last weekend of Jazz Fest. Our room was very clean and tastefully decorated. The staff was friendly and very professional too. We ordered room service and I am happy to report that the food was excellent. We really enjoyed our stay at the hotel and we are planning to return sometime in the near future.  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Goodpace
<Content>Just Excellent       Bed  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Sister121
<Content>Great hotel We booked a weekend with reward points at the hotel. We were atuomatically upagraded to the executive floor with free breakfast and cocktail hour. We were treated great by everyone we came in contact with. Our room was one of the nicest we have ever stayed in. First class amenities and very clean. They even fill your ice bucket when they do the turn-down service. We will definitely stay here again and again. We would recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Cooperfan
<Content>Left a lot to be desired I stayed here for an educational conference and had a three night reservation with e-mail confirmation. On the second night I was told that I had been checked in for only two nights and they did not have a room for me for the next day. This was shared by the night manager at 11:30pm. Although it was clearly their mistake, they would not look at my reservation confirmation nor would they help with any type of alternatives. The night manager was profoundly rude and unprofessional. I ended up calling 16 other hotels at midnight before finding a room at the JW Marriot, and that happened because another hotel was nice enough to help me locate vacancies in the area. The day manager called in the morning and admitted the problem was handled unprofessionally and that they could provide a room if I chose to stay, but at that point I had a reservation at the JW and was extremely tired of the service at the Intercontinental. When I checked out the hotel attempted to charge me one dollar for every external hotel call made, and they claimed I took 19 dollars in items from the in-room wetbar when I had not touched a thing. The charges were eventually taken off of the bill, but with very poor explanations. For example, concerning the wet-bar items, they said the previous occupant took the items and it was mistakenly charged to my bill. Additional problems included the in-room internet service that was inoperable and require someone coming to the room twice to reboot the service before I had to ask to just cancel the service and have the amount refunded. Also the in-room safe jammed and made our valuables inaccessible for a day until security could come and fix the problem. What I will say about the place is that the rooms were very comfortable, clean, and well structured. The concierge was very friendly and helpful with information.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	4	5	3	1	3	1	

<Author>WildcatGrl
<Content>Great location! The InterContinental was wonderful! It's a 2 block walk to the French Quarter, and a safe one at that. I was out late at night and was never once uneasy walking to or from the hotel. The hotel is inviting from first entrance, and the staff was exceptionally pleasant. Very comfortable beds, separate vanity, and extremely clean room all made for an excellent stay!  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NYTravelers76
<Content>Excellent Hotel We stayed for 8 nights. Everything was Great. The King Bed was Very Comfortable, the room was spacious, the bathroom was larger than most, the shower was Great, the staff was Courteous, quick and Very Accommodating. The fitness room is large and well equipped. We couldn't have asked for a better location. Everything is within a short walking distance. The Sunday Live Jazz Champagne Brunch was Delicious and Entertaining but a bit pricey. We paid $55 a night thru Priceline but were treated like a Royalty. We will stay there again and Highly recommend it.  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>behrens1
<Content>Great hotel!       Rm. 1119  
<Date>Jan 25, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>CobraKai
<Content>Fine...if you got a good deal Stayed on the Intercontinental over MLK weekend. First the bad:We had a laptop computer stolen from our car while it was with the hotel valet. We, of course, realize that it was a mistake to leave it in there, and this may well have happened anywhere, but I thought I should mention it. We do not know that it was the valet who took it, but it seems pretty likely.We paid $69 for the hotel. It was fine for this price, but I would have been horrified if we were charged their normal rates ($300 for that?!?). It was an average room...no real ammenities to speak of. The furniture was quite worn, but I have no real complaints about the room itself.I never actually saw hotel bar/restaurant (Pete's) open our entire stay--including Saturday night. The concierge also keeps strange hours as he was gone by 7pm on Saturday. The front desk was a poor substitute for the missing concierge--remarkably unhelpful with directions or recommendations.The good:A fine location close to French Quarter and street cars. We got a very good deal. And, when we did report our stolen computer, the valet manager was very helpful with both us and the police, and seemed genuinely concerned (seemed like maybe we weren't the first.)So...stay here if it is really cheap, but for pete's sake, make sure you take all your valuables out of the car.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Penndentist09
<Content>Very Pleasant Stay for 1 night in New Orleans!       Room  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kypatriot
<Content>nice place, great location if price is right I needed a place near Tulane and had never been to New Orleans before. I read so many conflicting reviews about hotels that I finally just used Hotwire and ended up here.I thought the room was nice and I had no problems at all. I parked in the garage behind the hotel and didn't have to go outside at all, which was nice as it was pouring rain. It ended up costing me $12 to park there, because I wasn't there long (came in late, had to leave early).My room was $75 + taxes/fees, which came out to just under $100 total. Overall, it was a great place to stay for under $100. The location is great - within walking distance of pretty much everything downtown you might want to do. I had no concerns about safety, but there didn't seem to be as many people out  about as I would have expected. I've never been to New Orleans, so maybe it was slow time or something.I think this hotel is a fine place to stay for the price I paid and would definitely do it again.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	3	

<Author>zski
<Content>Nice hotel, but could use a lot of work I stayed briefly at the Intercontinental-New Orleans while driving across the country. About 20 minutes before I reached New Orleans, I decided it would be a great place to stop and called the Intercontinental Reservation number. Since I wasn't staying for long, I asked for a low-priced hotel in downtown New Orleans and was surprised to find that the Intercontinental was one of the cheapest that night. With a special rate negotiated by my employer, I was able to stay for $133 for the night. I booked into a Queen, standard room, and on arrival was upgraded to what the desk clerk called the Presidential Suite on the club level, which he said normally rents for about $500. What a nice surprise!The room was huge - had a bedroom with a nice King size bed, a bathroom, and 3 other interconnected rooms: a sitting area, dining area, and kitchen, with separate bathroom attached to the dining area. While it was definitely spacious, the furnishings looked dated and in need of updating, as did the flooring, the bathroom, and the kitchen. For example, the refrigerator in the kitchen had to be at least 25 years old -- granted, if you are staying in an Executive Suite, you probably won't be using the fridge that much. However, in a high-end hotel, you would think that the furnishings and decor wouldn't be so dingy.Parking was easy at the garage next door, and pretty typically priced at $20. The staff was kind and efficient, and the Club Intercontinental complimentary breakfast was good. Interestingly, the Club dining room had been updated to a standard that would be appropriate for the rest of the rooms on the floor.For a one night stay and for the price I paid, I would recommend the Intercontinental. However, if you are looking for something more modern and luxurious and are willing to pay more, I would try another newer or more newly remodeled New Orleans property.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Tawnyday
<Content>nice hotel with problems The hotel was very nice. The staff was very courteous and helped us to check in a room a lot earlier than check in. Check in is at 4pm, which is later than most hotels. However, we requested early check in and received a phone call by 1:30pm stating we could check in. We were in room 1001, and the sink drained slowly. Also, it took a few tries to get the toilet to flush. The hotel charges $29 for parking, self per day, or valet. There is a $15 deck on the side of the hotel, or $20 deck behind the hotel which has access directly to the hotel without going out in the elements. For the $94 plus tax and fees i spent, i would deal with the small stuff to stay in a four star hotel for less than a hundred dollars.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	5	4	5	3	4	

<Author>melodyMD
<Content>Convenient location and adequate hotel We booked this hotel at a ridiculously low price through priceline, so it was truly a fabulous deal considering the price. The location is very good - close to the French quarter, the St. Charles streetcar as well as the Magazine Street busline, Canal St., The Shops at Canal Place and Harrah's Casino. However I did not feel safe at night after 9 pm on any of the streets around the hotel, including Canal. This is not a reflection on the hotel of course - but you do want to be careful walking to it from Canal St. late at night.The hotel was mostly very clean, the staff were polite, friendly and very helpful. They allowed us a late check out and were most friendly about it. The bathrooms were huge, with stone/marble and granite counter area - the usual great Intercontinental amenities (and ours were replenished daily, unlike the reviews have posted elsewhere on this site). I noted two spots of mildew in the tub caulking and this was unexpected as I think proper treatment would have been able to clean this. Housekeeping was otherwise generally attentive and prompt.The beds were very comfortable, with double layer feather-beds below the mattress pad. The rooms were not very large, but adequate. The furniture was not as up to date as in some hotels in this chain but quite fine. No signs of damage or unattractive aging from overuse.The minibar, coffee bar, TV channels and on-demand movies were all exactly as expected from the Intercontinental chain - all functioned fine.It was lovely to get the NYTimes every day!The only two problems I had at this hotel were1- You could hear every door slam in the hallway even through ear plugs (we may have had particularly noisy neighbors who literally slammed their doors). This was incredibly disruptive and I wished for more noise insulation.2- There are no concierge or guest services here. They don't even supply you with a proper map - just a poor photocopy on which they proceed to circle three streets as their tourist guidance. There are plenty of free guides printed in New Orleans and available at many a hotel or the visitor center office- its perplexing why the Intercontinental can't have these guides ready for guests, or supply better quality maps! Almost every such hotel in other cities and this one does. They also need a full-time concierge.For the price this can be had on priceline - $50-$69 - I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>miyake985
<Content>great location stayed for 2 nites. great location. never used my vehicle the whole weekend. close 2 super dome, french quarter and restaurants. quick check-in and check- out. superb service.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>YBOD98
<Content>good hotel, good location good quality hotel ini a great location handy for downtown New orleans. Spent 8 hours walking the city then straight back to the hotel, ever so easy. The food was ok, the breakfast was the best meal of the day, but why eat here with the french quarter on your doorstep? A little bit of calm to retreat to after a days hustle and bustle in a busy city, yet not out of the way  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jmerson
<Content>Great place to stay! Great place to stay  Can't believe such a nice place for the price. Reminded me of downtown San Francisco hotels. Especially enjoyed the piano bar with Mr. John Royan, a nice touch. No I'm not his brother-in-law. Great location for out of towners.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>cruzzza
<Content>Bad check in, worn carpet and bedspread, O.K. other than that. My stay here started out terrible. I booked through Priceline and the hotel screwed up my reservation. They treated me like I was lying about having a reservation and basically blew me off. After proving that did indeed have a reservation, they managed to find it, but all the info was messed up. Basically, it took way too long to check in because of this, and they made me feel embarrased and I felt like they didn't care at all. After realizing that I was indeed a registered guest, they did somewhat change their tune, but the damage was already done. Now to the actual hotel... the entrance was nice and the lobby also nice. Nothing spectacular, and maybe a little smaller than expected, but nice. I was disappointed after we reached our floor on the elevator. The carpet was in obvious need of replacement. At one time, it was nice, but it was very worn. The same could be said for the carpet and bedspread in our room. The bed was also not very comfortable. I would expect this type of bed in a 2 or maybe 3 star hotel, but not an Intercontinental that was supposed to be 4 stars. The bathroom had a lot of marble and was very nice. The toilet and shower could be closed off from the vanity, which also had a door. I liked the size and setup of the bath. The room was nice, other than the carpet and linens. There was a minibar and minifridge. Our friend's room was identical. Some of the rooms overlook a very nice courtyard, but ours overlooked the parking garage. There is a self park garage, but we used valet. They were quick and efficient. The location was in the Downtown Convention Center Zone on Priceline. This hotel was one of the furthest from Canal St. and the French Quarter, but we walked everywhere and although it wasn't a short walk, it was doable. I would not book this hotel directly, but I would use Priceline again in this zone.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	1	-1	4	

<Author>PPD58
<Content>Nice Hotel- Horrible Bed I booked this hotel through Hotwire and got a decent rate of $98.00 per night. The hotel hotel has nice amentites and is in a good location near the French Quarter, Harrah's Casino, and the Superdome. Oddly, the hotel bar was closed on a Saturday night when LSU and Auburn were playing on national television. What hotel closes it's bar on a Saturday night when college football games are on TV? Not a huge deal, was just hoping to have beer  enjoy the game.My chief complaint was about the bed. I stayed in room 1019 and the bed was horrible. The mattress was so flattened on one side that it felt as though I was sleeping on a decline and I was going to slide off onto the floor. Of course I wasn't aware of the mattess condition until I had already unpacked and had gotten back to my room shortly after midnight. I'm not a nit picky traveler, but I have never slept on a worse matterss.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>geoconger
<Content>Business hotel A good business hotel. Attentive staff. Mediocre hotel dining. Great location. Not the best in town, but the best value for the dollar.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>lucykate400
<Content>Peace in the City... This is the best place to stay, for business travelers in NOLA. It is close to everything and they provide a mini-fridge in your room. They also have a wonderful dining, buffet room right on the first floor. Very nice lobby and clean rooms, nice bathrooms. They also have a gym that YOU CAN WORK OUT IN. They also have a small outdoor pool. Room service is a plus and the beds are spectacular. The only negative thing is that they don't give you new soap/shampoo daily. They provide enough for a day, but they don't ever replenish them...This is in a safe area. You can valet park or self park in the garage off Poydras, much cheaper and elevator takes you right there.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>formosangirl
<Content>Is the basics to much to ask for? Judging from the pictures and the number of stars and even the name, I had envisioned a retreat from my busy life. However, I was gravely disappointed. For the first three nights' stay, I did not have a functioning toilet. I made numerous calls to have the flushing fixed and saw that some were ignored. Pretty much, it took three days for the flushing to be fixed. They did not offer to put me in another room where it did flush. I have never stayed in a cheap motel that did not have a functioning toilet. So, you can see that my hopes were dashed. Further, the hotel did not replenish my toiletries and left only the basic shampoo and conditioner. This hotel should not boist about amenities. I used up the one postcard that was left in my room even though I was there 6 nights. I did not complain about this last problem because I had spent too much time trying to get a functioning toilet.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>Travel574
<Content>Good Hotel - Great Location Business trip to New Orleans. Great location, rooms were clean and comfortable. Staff was helpfull and courteous. Restaurant was understaffed when I was there. Service was slow but the food was excellent. I judge any hotel on whether or not I would stay here again. I would definately stay here again if I travel back to New Orleans  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>RN29
<Content>Nice hotel in the CBD This is a nice hotel if you are looking to stay in the central business district. Not too far from the quarters. Everything is within walking distance. The room itself is your standard 3.5-4 star room. It has a minibar. The beds are standard. The pillows were subpar, that were easily flattened and required 2 for sufficient comfort. Another problem we encountered was the shower head was broken. It spewed water over the curtain and flooded the bathroom. Once it brought to managements attention, it was promptly changed out. Other than those things, everything was fine.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>IsnipU
<Content>Great Service I stayed at this hotel for a conference. We arrived one day earlier than we had planned and the hotel was full. They suggested we try the Hilton across the street. They did have rooms for the one night. The Hilton was awesome! Really, really, comfy beds and linens! In the am, we moved across the street to the Intercontinental. The staff was very helpful. We were going out for the evening and it started to rain as we were getting in the cab. A doorman ran back into the concierge to get us umbrellas to use for the evening! Great customer service. Overall, the room was average not exceptional, it looked out over a parking garage and the bed was not as comfy as the Hilton. Great Mojitos in the bar one night and went back for more on the next night and they ran out of mint! Slightly disappointed by that.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sa-atlanta
<Content>Average Experience, Good Location I expected more from The Intercontinental, which is why I gave 3 stars. The room, bed, and bathroom were all adequate. However, they weren't 4 or 5 star quality. The location is great if you want to be near the French Quarter. Complaints: We stayed 3 nights over a long weekend and the concierge was non-existent. Literally, I called down several times and was told I'd receive a call back and never did. Every time I walked to the concierge desk, the person was away. I question if this hotel really employs a concierge. The front desk staff was nice and attempted to be helpful, but they were clueless on restaurant suggestions. I actually ended up calling the concierge at the Ritz several times to get suggestions. Also, it was near impossible to get a cab out front. The bellman would whistle and whistle, but on each occassion I had to go down and stand in the street myself. Again, not 4 or 5 star quality.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>rmwhitt
<Content>Great location, super Priceline price Stayed for a long weekend in May, incredible Priceline price of $58 for this 4* hotel. Great location just a few blocks from Bourbon St (don't park in hotel garage, park next door for 1/2 the price OR find street parking fairly easily). Room was well sized, traditional decor, comfortable bathroom, no view to speak of --but some rooms had balconies (still not much of a view). Front desk service was courteous and efficient. Pool on top floor had no view but was a nice pause that refreshed. It's my 2nd Priceline stay--try Priceline (check out [--] to find out what hotels Priceline is using).Great stay. Will return again.  
<Date>May 23, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrusW
<Content>Stay there regularly A friend told me about this gem and how he booked it on Hotwire regularly by looking for the 4-Star Downtown Customer Favorite. When I do so, I get the Intercontinental almost every time, and when I don't, I either end up with the W or the Sheraton. Whoa is me! I like all three. :) I am a Saints season ticket holder and have been staying at the Intercontinental at least 4 times per year over the past three years.I have NEVER had a bad experience with the Intercontinental other than that the gift shop/store closes too early (9PM) and the Valet parking is $29. Otherwise, my experiences have been very pleasant. The rooms are quiet, roomie and comfortable. The bathtub is adequately sized. Not garden tub sized but bigger than most of the hotels with their tiny tubs that force us bigger guys to shower instead.Location is convenient. It's on St. Charles about three blocks from Bourbon and the Quarter, and Three blocks from Harrahs and the Riverwalk. It is also maybe 5 or six blocks from the dome. The restaurant is pretty decent, albeit expensive.Being a veteran of staying in many of the New Orleans hotels, I rank the Intercontinental right up there with the best of them, especially when considering the value you get from using Hotwire to book it.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	5	

<Author>campi
<Content>Wonderful holiday atmosphere  We had booked the Luxury Escapes Weekend Package and stayed 2 nights Dec. 16 - 18th at the Intercontinental Hotel after our 19 day Golden Princess Mediterranean/Transatlantic Cruise. From the moment we arrived until we left, the hotel staff was exceptionally friendly, helpful and courteous. The holiday decorations were marvelous. As you entered the hotel you were welcomed by lifesize wooden toy soldiers, Beautifully decorated trees, giant snowflakes, and more were tastefully arranged to provide a winter wonderland atmosphere. We saw children at the hotel being treated to a visit by Santa Claus and his helpers. We upgraded to the Club room for Saturday night and had complimentary cocktails, beer, canapes, etc. During the day we were able to make caffe lattes, etc., have sodas, chips, cookies, etc. The club room then closed on Sunday because they were remodeling/renovating that area to be able to serve hot food there in the future. Our package included a full breakfast which we enjoyed, especially because we were able to listen to the wonderful jazz musicians playing there that Sunday morning. We felt the location was perfect. It was a short 15 minute walk to the free ferry that transports people to Algiers across the river. There a van takes you to Mardi Gras World, well worth your time for young and old. Other recommendations for New Orleans are to make use of the all day ticket for the trams, to sit in and enjoy the musicians at Preservation Hall (next to Pat O'Brien's), and to save your souvenir $$ for the French Quarter Market with its excellent buys.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lindengroves
<Content>Great Hotwire Bargain Always a little suspicious of Hotwire's rating system, I took the plunge on a four star hotel in the Central Business District/Downtown area. I got the Intercontinental, and unfamiliar with this chain, I read reviews, many not complimentary. So I was expecting something a little less than the Intercontinental delivered. I used almost none of the services there so can't report on those, but the room was what I would expect from a four star hotel, everything worked just fine, and I can think of nothing to criticize. It was a pleasant four night stay with no surprises. When I travel, I just want a nice room with nothing eventful. I got that here. I never got the sense I was treated differently because I had a Hotwire room. The location is within walking distance to the Mississippi, the French Quarter and the D-Day Museum. Not much going on in the immediate area for tourists though. This place would be perfect if I were there on business.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	4	-1	5	

<Author>laceytravels
<Content>Staff eager to please I spent 4 nights at the New Orleans Intercontinental at the start of February for a business conference. Check-in was off to a bit of a rough start. When I made the original reservation, it was just for myself with a king bed. Later, a friend decided to join me, and I called to ammend the reservation to include her name and book a room with two beds. They did not have my change in their system, so they needed to add her name and give me a different room. They did this without complaint.Once I arrived in my room I flipped on the tv and decided to unpack. I kept hearing a noise. I turned off the tv to see if the noise was related to that. It wasn't. Every 30 seconds or so, I would hear the same noise. The noise was driving me nuts, so I called the desk to ask what it was. They told me that it was the service elevator. I asked to change rooms.I hadn't seen the previous review that said to avoid room 1253 for this reason. I was in 1250, which also had that noise, and the person room across the hall from me also heard it.It took an hour, but they finally found me a room (1216) with 2 beds. No noise! A big window! This room was much better. Until I realized there were no hangers. I made a call to the front desk to get some and they were brought up promptly. Then I went to turn on the TV. The remote didn't work. I had to call the desk again, thinking it just needed batteries. An hour later, the technician figured out that there was a cable at the back of the tv that was damaged and needed to be replaced.Even though my stay was off to a very rocky start, the staff were extremely friendly and nice about all of my initial complaints. They responded right away and did what it took to correct the problems. When my friend arrived, she thought we had a fantastic room and she was quite pleased with it.The furniture was a bit dated, and scratched in a few places, but the room was kept very clean. The blankets were a bit rough, and I thought the bed was too soft, but my friend thought it was perfect, so that's just a matter of taste.The location was perfect - far enough away from the French Quarter to avoid the craziness and smell, but close enough to feel safe walking there. We didn't have a car, so parking wasn't an issue.The only meals I ate in the hotel were those served as part of the conference. The conference food left something to be desired. It also seemed like we saw the same staff working from early in the morning to late at night, probably due to staffing shortages as New Orleans rebuilds. Despite the long hours and somewhat demanding crowd, the staff were always friendly and accommodating.I don't think I would stay here at full price, but I recommend staying if you can get a good discount. Go to New Orleans - it is a gem of a city and needs tourism to help it rebuild.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	5	5	2	5	4	

<Author>Mocha31603
<Content>Very comfortable there. Just got back from the first weekend of Mardi Gras in New Orleans (Feb. 9 - 12, 2007). I went to a slot tourny at Harrah's and got my room free for my stay. The first 2 nights were full at Harrah's hotel so a partner hotel was the Intercontinental. It was a very nice hotel and the room had a balcony and ok stocked fridge/bar (not a wet bar). This is the season for parades which go directly in front of the hotel. I could not check in until around 10 pm because I could not get to the hotel entrance with my rental car due to the parades. Not a problem because I just parked at Harrah's and played there awhile. Would have like to freshen up after a 6 hour drive. The rooms are a little worn but not really noticeable. The room was very clean, smoking only on the balconys. Had a problem convincing them that I would not and did not park at the hotel for $29/day but parked at Harrah's for free because of my casino card tier. They still wanted to charge me at check out but cleared that up directly. Most of the staff were very nice and a great food and drink area was set up directly in front of hotel for parade goers. Bourbon street is only a few blocks away as is Harrah's. Did not drive anywhere the entire time. Never had any problems with safety - Bourbon St. was wild as ever. Would stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>yvr1
<Content>Good place to stay Stayed at the Intercontinental for 4 nights. It is in an excellent location, not far from the French Quarter. The rooms are large, clean, and comfortable. The staff is friendly and helpful. Parking is very expensive, around $29.00 a day. There is a garage next door which is a little more reasonable. I certainly suggest this hotel to others.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Statmans
<Content>Famiily trip - good choice We planned a 'free trip' to New Orleans, as I had accumulated points with priority club. We weren't sure which of the properties had the best location, but chose this site because of the ratings seen on trip.advisor.com.You arrive on the ground floor and take the escalator up one level . Check in was easy and very fast. This could be because the city was only 15% occupied (as per reception staff). However when we checked out there were lines, but enough people behind the desk to swiftly accomidate everyone.ROOMSWe had room 1204 and room 1253. NOTE - DO NOT STAY IN ROOM 1253 if noise bothers you. The first night we heard what I thought was a motor grinding noise. Not bad enough to keep us awake, but annoying all the same. The next morning I menioned it to the front desk before we went out to see the city. When we returned there was a message on my phone telling me that engineering was in the room and found the cause. It wasn't a motor we heard, it was the service elevator' between room 1253 and the next room . They did offer to move us, but we didn't feel like re-packing, so we just dealt with it.Our room had a king bed, a 'double bathroom (separate shower and commode area from the sink), desk and chairs. The other room had 2 doubles in it plus the desk and same bathroom. I', not sure if this was an upgraded room (we ask as platinum members) or all the rooms are like this.  I also asked if we could have 'club privelages and received certificates from the small snack shop on the ground floor - basic coffee, bread products and drinks. It was adequate to get us started, and as the restaurant was not openned when we arrived (Dec 26) we were satisfied.Everyone at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. They also took the trouble to memorize your face and name, and called you by name when you approached. Nice touch.ROOM SERVICEWe ordered dessert the first night from room service. Very good and quick. The last morning the kids ordered breakfast from room service and also enjoyed it.LOCATIONThe hotel was about 4 blocks from riverwalk - straight down poydras street (and 1 1/2 blocks from Mothers - one of my favorite New Orleans eateries. IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE FRENCH QUARTER - you may not feel comfortable walking down St Charles street (which leads to the quarter and becomes Royal) as it is dimly lit. Walk one block down Poydras to Camp street - It is exceptionally well lit and will take to you Canal street (equally well lit) - you can then walk to Bourban street (2 blocks) and feel safe.SAFETY - This is always a concern in New Orleans. I have been 5 times and although I have never had a problem, I recognize this is an issue for some people. At the risk of offending some, I have to say that the forces of the Hurricaine that drove out many people has also driven out much of the criminal element. The city is safer than ever!But back to the hotel - if you don't mind walking a few blocks to the quarter or to the river this is an excellent choice. Just avoid room 1253.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MississippiTripTaker
<Content>Great stay at the Intercontinental Had a great time in the Big Easy! Still not the same as it used to be, they need our help. We stayed at the Intercontinental ($55/night from priceline) and parked at a nearby garage to avoid the $30/night valet charge. This is a good location in that is was w/in walking distance to the Quarter (ie Bourbon St, Decatur St, and the Riverwalk) and the Superdome. All services were great and the front desk was very friendly and helpful. Furnishings were nice and everything was clean. Oh, parking was $17 ($3.50 per weekend day and $10 for monday morning) for all weekend at the Capitol One building parking garage (cash only). We had a great time and please go visit.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>Faith128
<Content>Great Stay at the Intercontinental I stayed at this hotel through priceline Nov 22-24th. Check-in was a breeze and the staff was very friendly. No mention of priceline. I tried to get an upgrade like someone in one of the previous reviews. I was told that it would be an extra $50 to upgrade from guest room to club level room. We declined. Room: Nice, clean and spacious room on the 13th floor with a view of the city. The bed was large and comfy. There was a lounge chair and a large desk. No foul or distinct odors in the room. One suggestion for hotel: update bedding to something more modern. Bathroom: Very nice with great smelling lotions and soaps We did not have room service Parking: $29 + tax dailyOverall the hotel was very quiet, the room was very clean and comfortable. The staff was very professional and friendly. They greeted me by name everytime I called downstairs for assistance. They even extended our checkout time. I truly felt like I was in a *4 hotel simply because the exceptional customer service.  
<Date>Dec 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>JBHackk
<Content>A wonderful stay Having visited New Orleans many times during the weekend before Halloween, I was pleasantly surprised by the excellent value and quality of service I received. The front desk was fully staffed when I checked in and had no problem meeting my request for a quiet, non-smoking room (in fact, I was upgraded to the club level which included continental breakfast, happy-hour drinks and hot hor d' oeuvres even though I had booked my room through hotwire). The complimentary gym on the top floor is one of the best hotel gyms Ie found in the city. Yes, there are still a few hiccups in hotel operations (I had hoped to grab some items from the continental breakfast before I left for my flight, but it hadn been set up yet. I really can complain because I was upgraded for free). Because so much of New Orleans' affordable housing was destroyed in Katrina, there a huge shortage in staff for this service-oriented city. The fact that New Orleans has emerged so quickly with such grace and pride following one of the worst natural disasters in our country history is amazing and although it may require a little more patience in getting services, the optimism of the staff throughout the city made my latest trip to New Orleans a true pleasure.  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>HKO
<Content>nothing special I stayed here for a night on business recently. The room was clean, but the bed linens were worn and dingy--less-than-white sheets, binding was coming off in pieces on the blanket. The restaurant served good food but was understaffed. I've stayed at better Intercontinentals.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	3	

<Author>paulieuk
<Content>Professional service and quality rooms Stayed for two nights at this central property. Have been very impressed with the professional service and quality of the stay, especially having read some of the other recent reviews.The front desk team, whilst few in number, are exemplary. I was always refered to by name (without being looked up on the computer) each time I stopped by, as well as on occasion when passing in the lobby, and given friendly and thorough attention.Although I arrived earlier than check-in time, I was offered a choice of room type (beds and smoking preferences) and found the room to be a good size, light and clean and all the fixtures and furniture to be in excellent condition - including a wide desk and a comfy easy chair; and the King bed had six pillows instead of the common four.There was full size ironing board and a steam iron, the in-room safe is laptop friendly. Wireless connectivity was sporadic in the room and usually from an external source, but the connection in public areas was fast and robust. The minibar is unstocked but powered, so you have a fridge if needed.I was there when the Club Lounge re-opened for the first time since Katrina. I paid $30 for this, which gave me buffet breakfast (continental only though), as well as daytime soft drinks and snacks (fresh-baked cookies, potato chips), and evening cocktails and snacks.The only complaint was housekeeping calling to ask about cleaning the room because the 'do not disturb' sign was on... if I don't want to be disturbed, why would this exclude phone calls?Overall, I would recommend this hotel. I'd also commend the practice of treating their Priceline guests with this level of service, it will pay dividends when I'm asked to recommend somewhere in New Orleans or return to town when work is footing the bill.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	4	

<Author>dcaruba
<Content>Hard to Believe It's the InterContinental Site visited the InterContinental in New Orleans for a possible meeting in mid-August. InterContinental's are usually high end properties. I concur with the below review entitled, Don't Even Think About It,--which is to say this property is a poor InterContinental.On the positive, the hotel does have an excellent gym and nice (though small) roof pool. On the negative: The hotel is primarily a business hotel and is very no-frills. The rooms are small and very dated in feel. My room (and the hotel knew I was site visiting) was small and had no sunlight; by that I mean that while the room had two windows, the windows did not point outside the building.Water at the hotel, post-Katrina is a problem. During my stay the hotel had hot water but no cold.I found the staff to be curt and businessy--but not particularly helpful or caring. This is not a hotel for pampering its guests.Food: dining at the hotel was a big problem. The earlier review referenced the fact that the hotel food quality is poor and even the onsite brewery doesn't serve food. While there are restaurants in the area (a short walk to Magazine Street), they are no great shakes. Most hotel guests walk ten minutes to the French Quarter.Finally, it should be noted that the hotel is in the Central Business District, which is not a great location come sunset. If staying at the InterContinental, I strongly recommend cabing after dark (which adds considerable cost to a stay).In summary, mediocre hotel, not well situated. Not recommended for vacation/holiday visits. Strongly recommend InterContinental corporate dump this property.  
<Date>Sep 7, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lucky1899
<Content>Don't even think about it This was my second experience at an Intercontinental hotel. I have stayed at the Intercontinental Buckhead in Atlanta. That hotel was amazing, and worth every penny. Naturally, I expected something on par with the Atlanta Intercontinental. Here are the glaring problems I encountered with the New Orleans version:1. No restaurants nearby. I understand that Katrina was devastating to local business, but regardless, the restaurant selection in close proximity to the hotel is abysmal. The closest restaurant was quiznos- grand opening in a couple weeks. You get the idea.2. Decor. The decor is in serious need of a facelift. It seems like it was en vogue at one point, maybe about 1983.3. Hotel food. This is my biggest gripe. Unreal. Highlight #1- ordered a mediocre turkey sandwich to my room- $20. Highlight #2- attempted to buy brunch sunday morning- was told that I would HAVE to buy the $42 champagne breakfast in order to eat at the hotel restaurant. They were literally not serving anything else. I passed on the 42 dollar breakfast. Highlight #3- attempted to eat dinner at the restaurant. I arrived at 5:15, 15 minutes after they open for dinner. Stood there for 10 minutes, waiting for the hostess, nobody. wandered around the restaurant, saw nobody, heard cooks chatting in the kitchen. Left. One might ask why I insisted on ordering room service and then attempted to eat at the hotel restaurant. See complaint number one.4. Prices. Soda + gardettos snack mix- $7. NY Times sunday edition- $6. The stunned look on my face- priceless. 5. Room service. Sucks. Showed up in the morning, too early EVERY time, told them to please come back later once I was gone. Never came back. In 3 days.6. Local Complaints- I know Katrina was a big deal, but this city needs to right itself at some point on its own will and stop looking to the federal government for handouts. Businesses that ARE open are hideously overpricing their products, and the city is just plain dirty.  
<Date>Sep 4, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	2	

<Author>Nepean01
<Content>Very nice and fully operational The hotel is 100% operational. Much of the city is still suffering from the damage caused by looting and Katrina, but this hotel was fine. It is a few blocks from the French Quarter, so you can avoid the smells and garbage if you want. Many of the attractions in the city are running limited hours or are closed. About 50% of the stores and restaurants in the city are still closed.  
<Date>Jun 8, 2006
<Rating>4	3	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kensbarn
<Content>Good Choice This hotel is in a very good location - away from the smell and noise of Bourbon Street yet close enough to walk. The conseierge desk was very helpful with restaurant choices since many restaurants aren't open or fully staffed yet. Loved the roof top heated pool and exercise room.Valet parking attendants were very pleasant.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>5	3	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>guses_girl
<Content>Club Level makes all the difference. I just spent two nights at this property. I was there for a friends wedding in the area. A large group was there  at the brides request, I was purposely placed next to her suite on the Club level. I had a wonderful experience. Room was great. All N.O. hotel rooms are small, this one was on the better end of that scale. Great Bathroom. Amazing service. Super accomodating. But, The club level made a huge difference. Rooms, service, EVERYTHING was much better.Just wish the post Katrina construction had been complete on the Club lounge. Worth the upgrade.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had some problems I stayed at the InterContinental in January 2006 as part of the disaster recovery team working for the government. The location of the hotel is great, although it does bring problems. The main problem is the valet parking. I have waited up to one and a half hours for my car. There were times when the car was there in 15 minutes but I generally waited at least 20 to 40 minutes. There is self parking available next door in the Pan Am building which I went to. Other comments include housekeeping. Although they do a good job, I had to tell them when I was leaving or my room would not get attention until late afternoon. The resturants were OK but overpriced in my opinion. The people are generally friendly and helpful unless you complain about valet parking.If coming back to NO I would not stay here again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2006
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>scottishlad
<Content>Perfect location and always enjoyable The InterContinental is underrated on TripAdvisor. First, the hotel and staff are always very accommodating to my wife and me. On this trip, I did not like our room and the staff was very eager to move us to a more attractive one. (Ask for a room with a view of St. Charles.) Second, it is the perfect location. Since it is on St. Charles, the streetcar is at your doorstep. You are only three blocks from the Quarter, but you are miles away from the crowds and noise of the Quarter. And last, this location seems to have access to more on-street parking than most others that are closer to Canal or to the River. Of course, if you are there on the weekend, the street parking meters are turned off. Most importantly, I've been able to book this hotel at attractive rates through P/L.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>WorldGrinch
<Content>Many stays, never a major problem I've stayed numerous times at this hotel, sometimes alone on business, sometimes with my wife for leisure, and I have never regretted a single visit. It's not to say that there has never been any problem, they are par for the course (denied an upgrade to which I was entitled, valet attendant having a little fun with my rental) but they were all adressed promptly and to my full satisfaction. While the staff may be stretched a little thin during peak times, they are always eager to please and helpful.Of the hotels I have tried in New Orleans (and there are a few), the IC's Club lounge has the best staff and is second best in amenuities. If you are truly interested in the Club lounge but don't really care about staying on a floor with exclusive access, I suggest booking a Deluxe room rather than a Club room and asking for Club access at check-in. Deluxe rooms are cheaper than Club rooms, but you will be charged extra for lounge access. In the end, you will be paying the same overall rate, but you will enjoy the extra 50 sq feet a Deluxe room has over a Club room (350 vs 300 sq ft respectively). Unlike some other Club lounges in town (the Sheraton's comes to mind), the IC's Club lounge doesn't charge for such... features like cocktails or snacks.If you'd like something even bigger, you can ask about Suites upgrades at check-in. It will cost you an extra $50 - $200 a night, but it's still cheaper than booking a suite over the phone ahead of time. Of course, there's no guarantee a suite will be available when you check in.This is definitively a business/convention oriented hotel, with some services closed on the week-end, but leisure travellers who don't expect a resort in the middle of town will find the IC very comfortable, far enough from the French quarter to avoid its excesses and yet close enough to reach by foot or by tram. Walking or the streetcars usually get me wherever I want to go from the hotel.Going back in September, the fourth visit this year, and I expect nothing different from all the other visits.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved it I was worried when we got this hotel on priceline, because of all of the bad reviews. But we had a wonderful stay. The staff was nice, we parked in the garage and left our car for 24 hours for $15. We were close to the casino, aquarium, french quarters, and bourbon street. We never used our car until we switched hotels. The rooms were huge and had coffeemakers, the pool on the roof was clean and the fitness center was huge. Also the restaurant was excellent.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>How did this hotel get five stars? First off, I understand that New Orleans marches to the beat of a different drummer and I usually let a lot of things slide when I visit the city. That said, I am not sure that the InterContinental deserves to be a premier class hotel with a five star ranking. The decorating in our room was circa 1979, the bathroom was dirty, there was trash all over the halls, and the front desk staff was ambivelent at best. I've stayed at La Quintas that were nicer. Five star price with a three star atmosphere. Just weird and not a very relaxing vacation experience. I don't think I'll be back at the IC anytime soon.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice hotel, but... From the outside, the hotel is very impressive. When we arrived, we were upgraded to a corner room with a view. I also had paid $10 extra for a 4pm check-out and breakfast for two. When we arrived, I asked the man at the desk how the free breakfast worked, and he told me to just charge it to the room and they'd take care of it. The room was average, but certainly not on a 5-star level. The reason I had asked for a 4pm check-out was because I knew we'd be out late on Saturday night, and I didn't want to have to wake up early Sunday and leave. Here's where the problems start: although I placed a Do Not Disturb sign on my door, twice we were awaken and asked if we required service. Also, the front desk called our room and woke us up to see if we were still there, even though I told them we wouldn't be checking out til between 3-4pm. We did wake up briefly to take advantage of the free breakfast, which was very, very good. However, when I went to check out, the woman at the front desk (Shanequa) tried to charge me for the breakfast. I will say that the menu items were very expensive to begin with. My girlfriend and I split an appetizer, both of us got a salad, and both of us got an entree. She had a diet coke and I had an iced tea. Well, the total was over $50 and Shanequa said the limit for breakfast was $29.99, even though we had never been told that. I told her that I was not going to pay it. Finally (after much debate) she didn't charge me. She was very blunt and rude, not only to me, but another older couple who could not understand the $29 parking fee. They were willing to pay it, but the old woman was hard of hearing and couldn't understand. Shanequa really needs to learn better customer service skills, because she never smiles and seems very indifferent about everything, including pleasing the customers. Everyone else we encountered was as nice as could be. The pool area on the rooftop was nice, albeit small. The exercise room was also really nice. Avoid Shanequa if you can, and your stay here should be fine.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible 1st Experience! During the weekend of July 1st-4th 2005, a friend and I checked into the New Orleans Intercontinental. Upon checking in we were told that we would be receiving a room with 1 queen size bed when we reserved 2 queen size beds. The room was reserved on the official website. The front desk agent was not very helpful and quite rude, he tried to say that she had reserved 1 queen bed. She then pulled out her paperwork to show him. He then proceeded to tell us that because of the high volume of guests coming in that weekend that preference went to occupants of 3 or more guests. He said there was a 1 page waiting list for the 2 queen bedrooms and there were none available in the hotel for that weekend. He said the best he could do was put us in a room with 1 king size bed and add us to the waiting list. That was totally unacceptable but we agreed because the room had already been charged. He also informed us that none of the rooms were available, to check our bags with the bellman and we would receive a phone call when our room was ready. Since he wasn't helpful we went to guest services where the woman there proceeded to tell us the same thing that the hotel was booked up as far as the 2 queen beds were concerned and there was nothing she could do. We pointed out that our reservation was for 2 queen beds but she rudely stated that the preference is given to guests of 3 or more. After stating to her this was unacceptable and showing her our printed reservation she said there was nothing she could do. She also informed us that she knew nothing about a waiting list and that it would be pointless to have a waiting list since there were no 2 queen bed rooms available. We then went back over to the check-in desk and asked a different agent if we were to say there were 3 people instead of 2 in our room would there be a room with 2 queen beds, the agent told us yes and that there were rooms available. So for comfort reasons we added a fictitious 3rd person to the room for an extra $30 per night so we could get 2 beds and we were sent immediately up to our room. We were able to go into our room before our bags were delivered. No waiting at all, but it cost us an extra $30 per night to get the same exact room that we booked months in advance. We were both disappointed with the service and being lied to not to mention the bathtub wasn't clean and the room was extremely dusty. We were also disappointed by the rist band rule?that was implemented during our stay. This was not our first time in New Orleans during this holiday weekend and we have never experienced this type of service with any other hotel. We have decided if we are ever in the New Orleans area again we will not be patronizing the Intercontinental. This was a terrible first experience and very disappointing service from a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2005
<Rating>1	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My stay My stay on 5/28/2005 at the hotel intercontinental new orleans444 st charles st.The hotel was very clean,the problem was that we booked on line and had a prepaid reservation but they gave our room away.The hotel was booked they had a wedding going on,so they had to give us a upgrade.Which was great.We were given a room at club level.this was so great cocktails every night.The sunday brunch was great.We will stay at this hotel again it was great!!!Carrie  
<Date>Jun 8, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Stay Excellent hotel. Found great rate on Expedia. Rooms were very clean and well decorated. Staff was excellent - great people and alot of fun. Drinks were pricey considering the area. Food was above average. Short walk to French Quarter.Would reccomend friends and family to stay there.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>deflep22
<Content>Very Nice! Just stayed at the Intercontinental for 3 nights. Located 3 quick blocks from French Quater. St. Charles line to Garden District right outside front of hotel. Pleasant and helpful staff. Nice sized rooms. Spearate toliet and shower from sink and vanity - makes getting ready easier for 2 people. Only compliant was our room was a bit dusty and had not been vacuumed well. If you put Do not disturb sign on your door, the cleaning people will leave you alone.  
<Date>May 29, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Jasmine J
<Content>great place to stay This was a great place to stay, convenient to most attractions. The room was nicely furnish and clean. The staff was very nice and helpful in suggestions for restaurants etc. The only negative we could see was the cost for valet parking at $29.00 a day.  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>TrippedOut
<Content>Great...Except the Concierge Stayed at the InterContinental for 2 days during the first week of JazzFest. Overall our stay was very pleasant. Il skip most of the usual information and just hit some things I wanted to share. 1) Housekeeping kept on knocking on the door (maybe 8 times) at 8:30 in the morning. Granted we didn put out the Do Not Disturb sign out on the door, I thought that was really excessive on their part. 2) In our room the curtains didn completely draw. There was the thin, meshy curtain but that didn block out any sunlight. The heavier curtains only drew a quarter of the way and that was really annoying after a late night, to have the sun practically in your room.3) When researching this hotel I read a lot of stuff about the bellmen being rude and lackadaisical. Although we didn valet a car our experiences with them were very good. They were always friendly, and they were very willing and prompt when we asked them to store our luggage for a couple hours in-between our checkout time and flight. 4) The reason I will not be returning to this hotel is the concierge, mostly one man whom I wish I had his name so I can tell all you others to watch out. (If hotel admin. is reading this it was whoever was working in the afternoon on 4/24.) It is sad because our stay at the hotel was great otherwise but to be treated with such arrogance and disrespect was very unprofessional and uncalled for. For one we asked that our local newspaper be delivered to our room, which other travelers pointed out the hotel does. After leaving a couple messages I was irked that after a few hours NO call was returned whether this was feasible or not. More than this situation though, we had asked the concierge for a couple of maps of the streetcar routes because we wee trying to get to JazzFest. I had known previously that the streetcars DO take you there, but wasn sure quite how. Just for assurance sake, I asked him if the streetcars take you to JazzFest and he coldly and confidently replied no. I was surprised with his answer and continued to ask in further detail if the Canal streetcar takes you there and he agitatedly said noeferring me to some shuttle for 15 dollars leaving from the Sheraton. I thought the concierge is supposed to have local knowledge of the city. It is beyond me how this man either lied to my face or just didn know that the streetcar takes you to JazzFest (such basic knowledge). So I guess all in all the hotel was above average. I feel bad giving it a neutral or okay review when it is based off of just one factor. If you stay at the IC, just watch out for the concierge. And if the other little things I pointed out to you aren that big off an issue you should and will have a great stay as the rest of the hotel is definitely up to par.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel Stay Moved from Embassy Suites after one night and glad we did! My family loved the IC and it's fine staff. The location was perfect for activities in all directions (Aquarium, French Quarter, NO Arena and Uptown via streetcar in front of Hotel). Only problem was with valet parking which I'm told they outsource. Will definately stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Semi-Retrd
<Content>We'll be back! We arrived 12/29/04 and checked out on 1/3/05. I'm happy to say that the reviews on Tripadvisor that rated this hotel highly are accurate. We wouldn't hesitate to stay here again.We flew in and took a cab ($28.00) from the airport - found that a car is a handicap if you stay in town. From this location you can walk to many places or take a streetcar or other public transportation, and in the French Quarter, you're better off to walk to avoid being stuck in traffic (waiting for pedestrians to move out of the way or navigating the narrow, sometimes closed streets). Parking costs are high everywhere. We loved the location - far enough away from Bourbon St. to find some peace but close enough when you're in the mood to enjoy it. The River Walk, Harrah's Casino and other sights are also a short walk away.We upgraded to the Club Intercontinental for $29.00/night - buys exclusive access to the 14th floor (we don't have kids), a very nice continental breakfast served every morning on the same floor and a top-notch happy hour service - glad we made that decision. Our hostess was very friendly and accommodating.The bed in our room was very comfortable, our room was attractive, quiet and clean, and the shower and TV worked fine.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Post Holiday Blues were gone upon our arrival at this lovely hotel. Our stay was from Dec 26th-29th. Great service, our luggage didn't make it, but was delivered to our room the next morning--airline problems. Barry made reservations with excellent suggestions  went out of his way to update us of any changes. Our room was clean, well adorned, with a balcony, no noise from outside or inside, and the price was outstanding. Much better than previous 4 star lodgings at twice the rate. Ate buffet breakfast 3 mornings--very good and convient. Would highly recommend.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service needs improvement We stayed at the Intercontinental in New Orleans for 3 nights in December. The hotel is lovely and our room was very nice. The hotel is located about 3-4 blocks from the French Quarter in a decent area. The only problem that we encountered was service-related. From the moment we drove up to the hotel we were treated rudely. As I opened the car door, I was greeted by a valet who immediately told me to move the car behind a line. My husband had pulled up in a lane that said entrance but the valet wanted us to move against traffic (in the inner courtyard) to an area that said exit. Since this was not immediately obvious to us, we kept asking the valet what he meant by a line but he refused to answer and kept insisting that we see a line. All of this would have been comical except that the temperature was 31 degrees and windy while we were standing outside trying to see a line. All we wanted to do was unload and move our car to a street parking (hotel parking is $30/night) but it took us 20 minutes in freezing cold temperature to see a line meaning that we had to move our car to face oncoming traffic.Upon check-in which was relatively fast, I asked the hours during which breakfast is served. I was told that breakfast is served every morning from 7-10:30. The next morning I was rudely told by the restaurant hostess that breakfast is not being served at all for the next 3 days. When I tried to tell her that the front desk advised me differently (assuming that she would want to inform the front desk about the restaurant's closure), she rudely said Well, the front desk is wrong -- we are closed.The next problem that we encountered was cigarette smoke and somebody banging on the adjoining door to our room at 11:00 pm. We were in a non-smoking room on a non-smoking floor. I called the front desk to complain about the noise and smoke and explained that I have a terrible allergy to cigarette smoke. They offered to move us to a different room but it took over 45 minutes for somebody to bring up the keys. By the time we got into our new room (on the same floor but several rooms down) it was well after midnight and my allergies were severely aggravated. Additionally, the bell boy who brought up the keys did not even offer to help with our luggage which we ended up carrying ourselves.Finally, it took us over an hour to check out because there was only one person working the front desk on a Sunday morning and their TV, phone and all other check out options were not working that day.This is a very nice hotel in a good location but they really need to improve their service and guest relations.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great at the IC I was in New Orleans for business and truly enjoyed my sta at the IC. The location was the best and the service excellent. I usually have stayed at the Windsor Court, but for my money the IC is better.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>San Antonio member
<Content>Wonderful Stay Just came back from a wonderful stay at the Intercontinental. Great service, close to everything, but not too close. Wonderful, polite staff and a refreshing change from the Hilton Riverside, where I spent the first four nights of my trip. Would stay here again in a second.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>too far from bourbon street I stayed here last month. It was just ok. The location is pretty bad. If you want something close to bourbon street avoid this place at all costs.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>schaeferrolf
<Content>Very good hotel We stayed here the night after our cruise and enjoyed the large room, the convenient location, the nice staff and the good rate. Check on their website for excellent internet rates.  
<Date>Sep 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jp7124
<Content>Quality hotel in good location I just returned from 2 nights at this property. I very much enjoyed the hotel rooms and service levels. Additionally, the staff was very friendly and helpful.I got an unbelieveable rate of $69/night on the hotel's website. It is in a great location, close enough to walk everywhere to everything, but far enough out of Bourbon to get a quiet sleep.  
<Date>Aug 29, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SandyNewOrleans_La
<Content>Mixed Bag Just spent three nights at the InterContinental (compliments of Harrah's). The staff was friendly and eager, but the hotel itself seemed to be suffering glitches. When I checked in at 4 p.m., I was told my room would not be available for 2-3 hrs. At 5:30 I contacted a guest relations person who found a room for me. The next morning I was awakened by the sound of drilling--thought it was next to my eighth-floor room, but was told the construction was on the third floor. Once again the guest relations person saved the day--she moved me to the eleventh floor which was quiet.All in all, I was treated very well, but if I hadn't asked for favors, I would have spent a trying few days.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful stay at the Intercontinental My wife and I spent 2 days in the end of July at the Hotel Intercontinental. Overall, we had a wonderful time at this property. The staff were always pleasant, and consistently greeted us with a smile. Everyone from the bellman, to front desk staff, to housekeeping, to telephone operators (always addressing me by name when calling!), were more than happy to answer any and all questions we had, and to do what they could to make our stay as comfortable as possible. The hotel itself is classy, yet not stuffy. It is wonderfully maintained, and the guest rooms are more than spacious (we had a standard King room). The location was ideal, as it was only about 5-6 blocks from the French Quarter and Bourbon Street. This made walking to everything very convenient, but kept us a nice little distance away from Vieux Carre when it was time to call it a night. If you plan to just partake in the French Quarter / riverfront attractions, having a car would almost be a handicap. Parking in the area is not easily found, is not too convenient, and can be expensive too (hotel parking is almost $30 / day). A cab from the intl. airport only costs $28 for 2 persons. We didn't dine at the hotel, as there are countless awesome places to enjoy the cuisine very close by. Also, although we didn't utilize the rooftop pool, it was nice enough for a downtown property, esp. considering that most other hotels in the area don't have that ammenity. The workout room is also definitely above average. Overall, we had a great time, and will definitely recommend this property to anyone making the trip to N'awlins.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladycreole
<Content>Hotel Intercontinetal is a great place to stay! My stay at the Hotel InterContinental was pleasurable. They really lived up to their reputation. The staff was extremely professional and helpful. The were particularly well-informed about the surrounding area and great at providing directions. The food in the hotel was excellent and much more reasonable than many other hotels of similar calibre. The only negative thing I have to say is the doors to the rooms made alot of noise when they were opened and closed. This hotel was exactly what you would expect from a AAA 4 diamond hotel (QUALITY)!!  
<Date>Jun 23, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>fabulous! highly recommended! What A Deal! $85 p/night on Hotwire.com. Beautiful rooms, hotel, everything. Staff was lovely and made our stay all the better. Only 3 blocks from French Quarter and fine dining. Only downside was the $29 per day valet parking (not inlcuding tip). We were told the only other option was to park next-door for $15 at the PanAm building but that we would have to pay in cash and there were no in/out privileges. The best solution we found was to park behind the hotel, at the corner of Poydras where there is a parking lot. There is someone on duty from 7am - 9pm, the lot is at a major road, and the cost is only $10 per day. There are no in/out privileges and you must pay in cash, but the walk to the French Quarter is short or if you prefer, the hotel is located on St Charles (so there is a street car stop 1 block away). Great stay for our anniversary!  
<Date>Jun 22, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>prissyshay
<Content>Beautiful, Perfect Location InterContinental   showReview(2151326, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 4, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel   showReview(2132425, 'full');   
<Date>May 31, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dishonest, no customer service   showReview(2130388, 'full');   
<Date>May 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! Perfect Location!   showReview(2111939, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really nice hotel   showReview(1869354, 'full');   
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nctarheel06
<Content>Great place to stay   showReview(1772843, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 10, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jeri48
<Content>Beautiful place!   showReview(1758663, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>leftwing
<Content>Rooms excellent, but some other problems   showReview(1553033, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 15, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will Stay Again!   showReview(1391876, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hotel intercontinental fabulous   showReview(1071508, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 6, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hig313
<Content>   showReview(20680140, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>Vaguete
<Content>Muy buena opcin   showReview(12189006, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>?...   showReview(19921323, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 16, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>...   showReview(19918505, 'full');   
<Date>May 2, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

