<Author>iainincanada
<Content>Just Perfick ! We spent 2 weeks here at Christmas and New Year. Ideal location, great room, we were upgraded at no charge because they thought we'd need a bigger room. Can't say enough......just pure dead brilliant !  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>sridd29
<Content>Nice, adequate place to stay...       sunset from waikiki beach  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	5	5	-1	

<Author>KezOz
<Content>Location, Location, Location...... I recently stayed in a one bedroon suite with kitchenette for 11 nights at the Ohana East  was very impressed.We arrived at the hotel mid morning  we were told our room was ready so the early check in was much appreciated after a 10hr flight with two young kids. 2 short blocks to the beach, ABC stores, Food Pantry, restaurants  shops all surrounding the hotel. Bus  trolley stops also across the road.Room was exactly as depicted on the hotel's website photos/video.I had read past negative reviews regarding cleanliness  small showers but I had no problems- I know for a fact our room was vacuumed regularly  our shower roomy enough to fit myself  my two young girls together(maybe that depends on room type). Front desk staff were always helpful  the bellmen always had a friendly greeting  were happy to point us in the right direction.Nice pool  pool area however pool was so cold we didn't go back, but then again, why use the pool when the beach is so close.....The only disappointment was I had requested a higher floor  allocated 8th floor (no noise problems anyway)  the balcony on the suite was tiny with no furniture, not even a single chair. There ended my dream of sipping margaritas whilst watching the world go by  also meant nowhere to hang  dry your cossies  beach towels etc. What has really impressed me though, is on arrival home I realised I had left my swimming costume  hat in the room. I emailed the hotel  it is now being forwarded on to me in Australia. What service but I guess that's the Ohana way!  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Travelgal81
<Content>Nice hotel in Honolulu First time in Hawaii..We were looking for a basic hotel in a great location, and we found it. We did the touristy thing and did not stay in the hotel much. We did love the fridge and went and bought some snacks and sandwich stuff to save money. I think parking was about $20 a night, and the parking attendants were great. The front desk staff was great and answered all of our questions! The beach is very close by and there are hundreds of stores and resturants within walking distance!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>littlemumu
<Content>Not one complaint! My husband, myself and 2 adult children spent 5 nights at the Ohana East and the experience could not have been better! I scoured the internet for weeks looking at travel offers, reading reviews,etc. and decided what I could afford was the Ohana East even though some of the reviews weren't that great. I don't know what some people are expecting but we were very pleased with the Ohana. I booked through the online Ohana Family website-great people-for a lower price than any of the trip planning companies (like Expedia, Orbitz). I told them I was a light sleeper and they made sure I had a room on the 15th floor and away from the elevator. Our rooms had great views, one with a limited ocean view and one with a mountain view (realy nice at night). We had a room with a kitchenette(microwave, sink, dishes, frig) which made our bathroom a bit small but not THAT small. Some reviews of the Ohana East complain about the small bathrooms but they are average-please, if you think you need a huge luxury spa bath suite than have sense enough to book and pay for a luxury hotel! We were there over 4th of July and never had any problems whatsoever with anything- elevators were fast, everything was clean and in good working order, employees were great, location was awsome. We all would stay there again and will recommed it to friends and family.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bluemaxie
<Content>good place [central] four of us [two rooms] had a great week, nothing too much trouble for the staff.bubbly and chocolates on friends birthdaywould stay here again  
<Date>Sep 23, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>janjimbla
<Content>No complaints here My husband, myself and 14 yr old son arrived at aprox. 10pm, for a week. Check-in was quick and simple. I had booked the room directly through the hotel and was given exactly what we had requested. 1 Bedroom suite, kitchenette, I had requested a higher floor, which was also accommodated. We were on the 18th floor, used the express elevator, no problems with waits or cards not working. I did notice while waiting in the lobby that the main elevators also appeared to be fairly quick. We had a very large lanai that had the sun in the afternoon, which was wonderful for that afternoon cocktail. To the left was an ocean view, straight ahead was another hotel, to the right was the lush mountains, with a city view below. The size of the room was more than adequate, and yes we had a full bathtub and shower. King bed in the bedroom with plenty of room to walk around, good size closet and TV. Pull out sofa in the living room, comfort wise it wasn't too bad for a pull out. Kitchen consisted of a microwave, a bit larger fridge than normal, dishes, cutlery, toaster, coffee pot, large wok style pot for cooking in. The room was bright and clean, and it was cleaned daily. We used the free shuttle pass to go to the shopping mall and 15minutes of free calling to tell everyone at home how much fun we were having . The pool was never overcrowded, plenty of lounge chairs, nice little bar during the afternoon. We utilized the laundry facilities which was very handy. The staff at the front desk and the activity desk were always friendly. The location is great for everything, restaurants, the beach, buses, shuttles, everything is central. Overall we had a very pleasent experience and would not hesitate to stay there again on our next visit.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>princessvixen
<Content>Average-nothing special! I stayed with some friends recently. We arrived in Honlolulu quite late due to a very very long delay in LAX.The taxi driver did not seem to know where this hotel was so we had some trouble trying to explain it.We finally arrived and checked in.The staff were at best average.The gentleman who served us seemed somewhat confused and check in was very slow.The room itself was an average size.We had a twin room on the 11th floor.Sadly my cityview room gave me a view of another building but no biggie.The only place I could find to put my luggage was in the closet which was tiny.The bathroom although small was adequate but the shower was very very tiny and even a small 5鈥?鈥?female like me barely had enough room in it.The beds were comfy and the tv had plenty of channels to keep people amused.I must mention the lady in the cafe in the lobby.She was so friendly-she need to work in the hotel itself!The location of this hotel is excellent.Only a block away from the beach and local shopping which is very very cheap!Booked activities through the activity desk-staff there were very helpful and courteous.Overall a pleasent stay.Found it odd though that I got a local paper some days but not others and some days my room was made up others it wasn鈥檛!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>bethany63
<Content>Good position, nice hotel Just returned from a 7 night stay at the Ohana East, the hotel is in a good position not too far from the beach. Good position for the buses and trolleys. Hotel itself is clean and comfortable. We paid extra to upgrade our room which partially overlooked the sea. On reflection I wish we had looked at the original room before paying the upgrade but it only cost us 10 dollars a night so it wasn't too bad. The only problem we had was with noisy neighbours who decided to party at 2 am in the morning!! We were a bit annoyed with the hotel staff who did not appear to have much power to stop the noise - it was left to another room to bang on their door in the middle of the night! We used the local buses to get to Pearl Harbour which was well worth the visit so I would suggest that you do it yourself as it is free when you get there. We also went all around the island for 2 dollars each(120 miles in all) you can also get off for up to 2 hours and not have to pay again as long as you ask for a transfer. Excellent value for money. Went to a beautiful beach at Hanauma Bay, again on the local bus, which is a conservation area. It is a great snorkelling area with not too many people on it because you have to pay 5 dollars to use it. Would deinitely use this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>BigP
<Content>Adequate But The Ohana East Hotel, as many other reviewers have pointed out, is convenient to both shopping and the beach and several buses stop right outside the door for those wishing to use them to go to Pearl Harbor or downtown Honolulu. The front-desk staff are all uniformly friendly and efficient. That having been said, however, there is little else positive to note. Though the room rates are anything but cheap, the rooms themselves are small and cramped. There is a mini-refrigerator and one does get copies of the local newspaper every day (including Sunday) but no complimentary breakfast, which would have been nice, nor, indeed, any restaurant for anyone who might want it. Admittedly, neither my wife nor I had ever been to Honolulu before our recent trip so we have nothing with which to compare the Ohana East but surely there must be a good many better places to stay while one is in the city. Certainly if we are back again, we'll unquestionably try to find them.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	4	-1	3	

<Author>DONNA063
<Content>Great Location       Island Cafe at Kings Court  
<Date>Jun 13, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ladygolfer9
<Content>Better than Expected My friend and I stayed at the Ohana East Hotel on May 30,2008 for a one night pre cruise stay. We arrived about 9:00pm that evening. The staff was very friendly and allowed me an extra hour late check-out, which we really didn't need afterall. I was celebrating my 50th birthday and the staff offered me a bottle of champagne or chocolates. I took chocolates. After going out and returning to our room, there was both champagne and chocolates waiting for me.I have to say, the hotel room was better than I had expected after reading dozens of reviews. The room was clean and neat. Yes, the bathroom is small, but as one reviewer stated, it was clean and it was enough room to handle your business. As far as any noise, we didn't experience any. The elevators worked fine for us. However, you do need your room key to operate. I believe because the hotel is opened-aired. Our experience at this hotel was wonderful and it is centrally located to the beach and shops and the staff went out their way to accomodate. Good job OHANA EAST!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Socallawgrl
<Content>Great Location in Waikiki My husband and I stayed at the Ohana East hotel this past Memorial Day weekend. The best thing I can say about the hotel is that it has a great location, about 2 blocks from the beach. The hotel was also in walking distance to the International Marketplace as well as the shops on Lewers street. It is definitely not a new hotel and there is nothing to brag about, but the room was comfortable and had a partial ocean view. I would recommend this hotel if you are looking for a no frills place to stay that is reasonably priced for a Waikiki location.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	5	3	4	3	-1	

<Author>dannokim
<Content>Great stay!!! Myself, spouse, 16 yr old daughter and her best friend visited Waikiki/O'ahu April 2008. We rented a 1 bdrm kitchenette for 8 nights. It was a corner unit, great space, clean room/hotel, extremely friendly staff, very accomodating. Short walk(2 blocks) to the beach and very near shopping and International Marketplace. Only complaint...pullout sofabed mattress wasn' t all that comfortable. Good pricing. Overall great experience.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>eckythump
<Content>Good place to stay       View from balcony  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>rokrchik
<Content>Nice Hotel, Was Happy Overall Took my mom to Hawaii in November of 2005 for vacation. Asked for a room near the top, which was honored. Forgot to ask to be away from elevators, we were right next door to them and the maids closet. Neither of which was too much of a bother. Nice, clean room - however the beds were pretty hard! After a day of walking and sightseeing, they were not the most comfortable to be coming back to at the end of the night. Good AC, nice spacious bathroom save for the smallest shower I have ever used. I could barely turn around in it and had to crouch to rinse my hair, (I'm only 5'6!). Coffee maker and fridge in room. Anything you could ever want is within walking distance, access to Waikiki beach was easy. Staff very nice and helpful. Enjoyed my stay here and would stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>heather099
<Content>Good Value for money My family (including 3 children ) stayed at the Ohana East and we were very pleasantly surprised.We had read some people complaining that it was expensive, but that is their travel agent's fault.We had a 1 bedroom kitchenette on the 18th floor and we recieved ocean views ( we did not pay for ocean views).The room was clean, the maid service was effiecient (our rooms were made up by 9.30 daily ) and I thought the hotel represented excellant value.Yes, the bathrooms are small, but how much room do you need, the free local calls were great as was the free trolley pass.Great location and friendly staff.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Traveldiva1969
<Content>Basic but you're in Hawaii--not a hotel room. We stayed here for two weeks this past February as part of a pro-bowl vacation and it was a nice stay (not Fabulous) but nice.We had a few issues upon checking in the room, the bathroom needed to be re-cleaned and the closet in the bathroom seemed rather odd, the wait for the elevators seemed quite lengthy but we were just happy to be in Hawaii on vacation!We did request the following morning that our room be changed because trying to get ready with that closet in the bathroom proved more trying on our marriage than family holidays. The new room we were given was on a higher floor, had a nicer view, more spacious and was quieter since we were so far away from street level and the front desk staff were really lovely and helpful.Pool area was simple, plenty of lounge chairs, the bar staff could work on their people skills-one bar maid seemed like she had on cranky pants every time we saw her working, we stopped going to the bar and brought our own cocktails/sodas poolside instead. The hotel is in a wonderful location, walking distance to everything and just one black from the beach!For what we would spend for one week at a big name hotel chain we stayed for TWO weeks at the OHANA and I'd prefer to spend more time in PARADISE than say we're at the Hilton or the grand Hyatt (overrated by the way).It's all relative and really how much time do you spend in a hotel room when you're in Hawaii?  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	2	5	3	2	

<Author>SantaFromNorth
<Content>Avoid this hotel- Overpriced! Our travel agent included this hotel in our Pro Bowl 2008 package for a 12 day stay. For $300 more in total for the stay, we could have stayed at the Sheraton 1-1/2 blocks away and boy do we regret not paying the extra money.For starters, some of the rooms on floor 5 have the one closet in room located in the cramped bathroom. If you are in the room with your significant other, this makes for a very awful tango trying to get ready at the same time. If you suffer from claustrophobia, you will have a difficult time with the toilet area. Your best bet is to get a room on floor 10 or above as the rooms on that floor tend to have two closets, one of which is not located in the bathroom.All rooms have shower stalls, no bathtubs. The tile grout has seen better days and in some rooms the paint is peeling off the tile. The water pressure is passable, but the toilets when flushed emit a loud high pitched whine for 5 minutes even with all doors in the bathroom closed. I have experienced this phenomenon in multiple rooms that my party stayed in.Wi-Fi internet is only reliable in the lobby. The newly installed room Wi-Fi tends to interfere with the TV picture.Rooms are not the cleanest in the world. Expect that it will take 4-5 hours from the time you leave your room for the room to be freshened up. The elevator system is a farce as they only read the room keys 1 out of every 5 times scanned, they are slow, and sometimes take you to a floor higher than the one you selected. Average wait time for the elevator during high traffic times can be 15 minutes, no lie. The time share hawkers constantly accost you in the lobby. Power outages knock out the alarm clocks on a semi-regular basis, so always ask for a wake-up call. The pool is decent, but you must always ask the bar tender for the key to get into the restroom if you need it.The desk staff is nice. Triple occupancy is only possible on floors 15, 16,  17. Any other floors in which they try to fit a cot along with the two standard full size beds will result in either needing the table  chairs removed, or no room for which the occupants to navigate the room.  
<Date>Feb 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Blair1955
<Content>Great Hotel in Waikiki My girlfriend and I just spent 10 days in Honolulu staying at the Ohana East. We couldn鈥檛 have made a better choice. The location is prefect and the staff is the best. Easy walk to the beach and the International Marketplace. Our return flight home didn鈥檛 leave till after 10:00 pm that night. The Ohana East has a hospitality suite to shower after checkout. Will stay there again on my next vacation on Oahu.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>danda
<Content>Great hotel! I stayed at this hotel with my wife and two kids (7 and 9) from Jan/1 - 7 for approximatley $150/night. As I had expected, it was a basic hotel room with two extra long double beds with little frills.However, there were some suprises that I had not expected:- Free in-room Internet access.- Free in-room long distance phone calls to the US/Canada for a maximum 15 minutes duration. So, for longer calls, just hang up before 15 minutes and re-dial. Consequentially, you can think of this as unlimited free long distant calling to the US/Canada.- Free Honolulu newspaper in the morning- No charge bus to the Ala Moana Mall using a 3rd party shuttle- Free use of an in-room safe. This safe was large. You can stuff a 15 widescreen laptop into it with room to spare. The hotel room was clean and relatively quiet. I faced the court yard (pool side) and since the pool was closed from 9pm - 9am, there was little noise coming from that area. Though in the hotel room, I could hear doors closing/opening and other mechanical noise starting from ~6am. But, I'm not complaining here because the noise level wasn't significant for me or my wife to get concerned.Room also had a small fridge (very handy). Bathroom was small with a narrow counter top and a smallish shower. Though, we got used to the size of bathroom within a day.Though I didn't have too many interactions with hotel staff, my request/chats with the bellman and front reception staff were handled professionally.I would certainly stay at this hotel the next time I'm in Waikiki.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	-1	5	

<Author>sdthompson
<Content>Average hotel We booked a 7 night stay at this hotel by going to the Fairfield (now Wyndham) website and booking what they call a getaway trip. We paid close to 300 pp not including airfare. I am a bargin hunter and this fit the bill for me and my husband. Our room was as small as a closet and the shower was unusally small. The entire bathroom was so small that you had to stand back to open the door all the way. The balcony overlooked a main street and our room was across from Chile's so it was nice to people watch in the afternoon. We might have gotten a small room because we booked through the promotion, so maybe if you book directly through the hotel you will get a bigger room. This was our first visit to Hawaii so we didn't know there was alot of racism over there untill we experienced it first hand, so beware. All in all our tripp was wonderful and I would recommend this hotel if you are on a tight budget and don't want to splurge. There is a restaurant connected to the hotel for food and a gift shop. There is no parking in the city so its best to ride public transportation. The buses run late into the night and there is a bus route to go to every major sightseeing place except the Dole plantation but you can buy a tour ticket and you will be driven there in a motorcoach. If you choose to rent a car be prepared to pay for parking everywhere you go.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>KayVirginia
<Content>I'll be back at the Ohana East I was lucky enough to earn six free nights at the Ohana East . I would definitely stay here again. My room was decorated in a beach-like theme--mostly beiges. The furniture was a light wood, which goes with a beach theme. It was not fancy but nice. My bathroom was small but quite adequate. The room had a refrigerator and safe, as well as, a tv, desk, night stand, and balcony. There was an iron and ironing board in the closet. I was on the 17th floor and could see the ocean from my balcony, which was equiped with two chairs and a table. I took my own cereal (It's $6 in Honolulu!), bowls, and spoons, and purchased milk at an ABC store. I was able to have breakfast in my room and save money for other things. Also, the hotel had a great free phone call policy. It made it very convenient to book tours and make reservations at restaurants from the room.The hotel is located about 2 blocks from the beach. There were restaurants of all sorts, including a Cheesecake Factory (delicious) and Cheeseburgers in Paradise. Don's restaurants is very close by and highly recommended. A small grocery and an ABC store were just across the street. One of the reviews that I read before I left said that there were prostitutes all around and some in the hotel. I did not see any in the hotel, but I did see three standing on the street. As a woman alone, I had no fear. They were just standing and not bothering people. The area is quite busy because the stores stay open until 11. This made it quite comfortable for me to walk alone from the Hyatt to the Ohana at 10:30 at night after returning from the Polynesian Cultural Center. As a retired teacher, I see no point in paying the exhorbitant prices of some of the other hotels. I would rather spend my money riding the Atlantis Submarine (fantastic) , visiting the Polynesian Cultural Center, and shopping. Next time I'm going to Snuba. It was highly recommended to me.I can't say enough nice things about my stay at the Ohana East. I'm quite picky about hotel rooms, especially musty odors. There were none here. I don't think you can go wrong here.Also, Robert's Hawaii offers round-trip transfers from the airport for $15.  
<Date>Dec 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>parktravellers
<Content>Great Location, Happy Staff This was our first visit to Hawaii, and Ohana East made a great start to our holiday, Greeted by Will from concierge, and he pointed us in the right direction and provide excepitonalservice through out our stay, were offered an upgrade on our room for a slight rate increase which we took up, and gave us a great room on the top floor, quick two minute walk to waikiki beach and ABC store accross the road for supplies, staff were alway helpful and happy. Would stay here again anytime.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>SFtraveler735
<Content>No frills good budget hotel in Waiiki Ohana East is a no frills hotel. We paid $119 a night which is a great deal in Waikiki. The front desk staff were really friendly and very helpful. The room was very clean. Bathroom was a little small but it didn't really matter to us. The location is great - it's 2 blocks from the beach and you can pretty much walk anywhere. The pool is in the shade most of the time so we only used it to cool off after a day at the beach. the hot tub is great though and we used it a bunch of times.The wireless internet in the room is free and very easy to access. Parking was $18 a day -- which is pretty much what you would pay everywhere else. Overall, this hotel is good for the price range. no frills but clean and comfortable.  
<Date>Nov 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Lucy321
<Content>Clean, older style hotel in good position A good, clean, three star hotel in a convenient location in Waikiki. Cane furnishings a bit dated but a clean, quiet room.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	4	

<Author>Firemedic28
<Content>Wonderful Time We stayed three days prior to changing islands. The room was clean and comfortable. We had no problems. We called for more pillows and within 20 minutes we had them. Staff was friendly and willing to help with anything we asked. We are plannig to go to Hawaii again in 2008. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>FaXi73
<Content>Okay place Stayed there for five nights, average place, bit far from the beach, rooms were clean, with cooking facilities, bit dated and a bit noisy, ugly balconies. Next time we麓ll try to find a better deal.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>AshaSilvermoon
<Content>Great Hotel For Price I did a lot of research before booking this hotel as I wanted a decent hotel a a reasonable price. A few reviews before I went were bad but I still booked the hotel. I am glad I did. The room was clean and quiet (unlike some reviews that said it was dirty) We upgraded on arrival to city view room and it was a nice view of the city,mountains and ocean. The room was large enough, we had two queen beds in it. The Shower is smallish but would only be a problem to very very overweight people! Any average sized person will have no worries. The hotel staff were friendly and the women on the excursion desk were always happy to give advice on trips etc. The walk to the beach is literally only 3 minsaway and all the shops are close by. The only thing that was a stupid niggle was the location of the electical sockets but I am not complaining as that would be a sad thing to complain about!!! overall my holiday to Oahu was fabulous can't wait to go back and I have even costed this hotel to return next year.  
<Date>Oct 13, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	3	

<Author>AroundThaWorld
<Content>Very Clean Room       OhanaEast - View from porch  
<Date>Sep 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Foreign_Travel_W_2yo
<Content>Basic at Best, Nice pool and fitness room It can be hard to find a good hotel in Waikiki, where we stay multiple times a year for work. The rooms at this hotel need updating (stained carpet, out of date funiture), although the bathroom fixtures and curtains seem to be new in the five rooms our party stayed in. The lobby is awkwardly squeezed in a space abouve street level, though this may be a plus since this corner has quite a bit of seedy nightlife action around it after about 10:00 p.m. (heavy police presence keeps it from feeling unsafe). The pool (overshadowed by tall buildings on all 4 sides) and fitness room have a feeling of higher quality then the rooms.The staff here is hardly ever friendly and less than accomodating when we needed anything extra like a room change for a smoky smell. We were also hassled by security in our own room and made to show I.D. when a member of our party knocked their phone off the hook (maybe a sign that this hotel usually has problem clientele?). But you do have convenient location to beach and central Waikiki and a gorcery store across the street. If you are looking for higher end or a family friendly environment around the clock, I would definitely head to one of the hotels in the newly renovated Beachwalk area of Waikiki.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	1	2	

<Author>kevile
<Content>Great Location A basic hotel, clean, comfortable and with friendly, helpful staff. It's main advantage is the location. If you don't need to be on the beach then this is great. It is close enough to walk to the beach and great shopping areas. The local transport is terrific and cheap. Several bus routes depart from the corner, cost $2.00 to go anywhere and run regularly.  
<Date>Sep 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>sassysazz1
<Content>Great basic hotel The Ohana East isn't anything fancy, however it's location is fantastic, the staff are helpful and the rooms were clean and tidy. The decor is quite dated and the bathrooms are tiny! We stayed there for a week in August and had a wonderful time, would not hesitate to stay there again.We had a deluxe city view room.  
<Date>Sep 9, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>PSU93Girl
<Content>Awesome Value, Great Location! For my first-ever visit to Hawaii, I wanted to be able to enjoy myself without spending a fortune on my hotel. I was visiting a friend in Pearl City, but wanted to stay close to the beach. The Ohana East was the most reasonably-priced hotel in the area, and only a few blocks from beautiful Waikiki Beach.I selected a City View room, because I (correctly) figured the foot traffic in Waikiki would be pretty heavy and thus the lower floors could be fairly loud. I was on the 14th floor and my view was gorgeous. I saw the mountains to my left and the ocean to my right. I spent a lot of time out on the balcony which was nice, I watched several sunrises out there and usually spent an hour sitting out there watching the traffic below at night.The room was extremely clean and the hotel staff was exceptionally helpful. I arrived fairly late at night after a very long flight from Washington, DC, and it was the night before the Pro Bowl. I was exhausted and the check-in process was quick and easy. The staff directed me to the parking garage and my bags were up in my room before I got up there myself.The bathroom was pretty small, but big enough for me. A friend joined me for a few days at the end of the week and the room was plenty big for the two of us. It's not a five-star hotel, but you're not going to Waikiki to spend all your time in the hotel, right?!The one night I ate dinner on my own I ordered pizza and wings from the restaurant in the lobby of the hotel and it was excellent and delivered very quickly. There is a convenience store/gift shop in the lobby but honestly you'll save a little bit of money by walking to one of the ABC stores that can be found on pretty much every corner in Waikiki. There is a KFC and a Burger King in easy walking distance if you're in the mood for fast food.The elevators and parking garage were clean, well-lit, and very convenient. The hotel has entrances at street level and it was very secure.Checkout was a snap and I was able to store my bags at the hotel until it was time to head to the airport. Overall I would definitely recommend the Ohaha East to anyone who wants a great value on a very nice hotel that's right in the middle of everything. I would stay there again without hesitation.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>maxdexjex
<Content>Great family vacation in a decent hotel Stayed for six days in this decent three star hotel. Got exactly what we expected from three star hotel (including dingy fitness room - but still fitness room). Hotel is very close to the beach and is close to many shops and restaurants, so we didn't have to worry much where to go for the lunch or dinner. Room was reasonably clean and the furniture was quite okay. Coming back from the day of activities we appreciated this room. We have seven years old and the only issue with the hotel was my fear of him getting to the fairly narrow patio when we are not with him. It did look to me a little bit scary to lean over and see that the only thing that holds me on that narrow slab of concrete from falling eight stories down was a thin and not that tall handrails. But as with any adventure, there are risk involved. I made sure to explain my concerns to my son and him being a good listener, we didn't have any problem. He never stepped on that slab alone.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>dubyal
<Content>Wonderful... if you're into pubic hair, rotting food, and second hand furniture. My husband and I checked into the Ohana East in Waikiki on the third night of our honeymoon in Oahu. We stayed the first 2 nights on the north shore in the ::sigh:: heavenly Turtle Bay Hilton. We had been given a 4 night stay at the Ohana East as a wedding gift and we were told it would be an incredible hotel. The lobby was decent and the front desk staff (particularly a man named Dallas) was extremely friendly and accommodating. We went up to our room and found it to be extremely sub-standard. The beds were rock hard, the furniture was tacky, the carpets weren't clean. We tried 3 lamps before one worked and then went back downstairs to inquire about an upgrade. Dallas was extremely obliging and allowed us to upgrade to a penthouse suite for an additional $70/night. We were happy to pay the upgrade for what we thought would be a better room. We got to the very top floor and went into our room to find only a slightly bigger version of the other room only this time there were 2 double beds (not quite suitable for a honeymoon!). I sat on the cleanest corner of the couch I could find and looked over to the lamp table to find pubic hairs resting comfortably upon the table top. I immediately began looking for a phonebook to find a different hotel at which time I can upon a rotting apple in one of the drawers. I sat back on the cleanest corner of the couch I could find to sulk a little when I noticed that my new perspective from the couch gave me a fantastic view.... of all the trash left beneath the desk and tv stand. We promptly checked out and tried to leave and as we were leaving the parking garage attendant insisted we pay the $12 parking charge we had incurred during our hour and half long check-in ordeal. I refused and he made me reverse back up the ramp, find a parking spot, return to the front desk via 3 stories of elevator rides, get permission for validation, return back to my car, back to the gate, and finally he let us out.So for the people that gave this hotel a good review.. this was not my idea of a honeymoon in Hawaii!!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>larmcc
<Content>Great Value - I Will Be Back!       View from west side of hotel looking south.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>hawaii046
<Content>Great Stay At The Ohana East! we stayed at the Ohana East for 6 nights and I was really impressed by this hotel.Front desk was very pleasant.The housekeeping lady on our floor was excellent and provided us with extra towels when needed.We stayed in a kitchenette suite on the 7th floor-we had two balcony's and a great view of Diamond Head and Waikiki Beach.This hotel is near everything-restaurants,shopping, Waikiki Beach,bus service,Pink trolley line that you ride for free with your hotel key etc.-no need to rent a car-we booked a lot through their activities desk as well.I did a lot of research on hotels to stay at and this was a sure great pick.The bathroom is small but who cares-ignore those other reviews-I heard people on Waikiki Beach complaining they could not believe the price they paid to stay on the beach that was very crowded-we took the pink trolley to where it was less crowded.Two teenage boys, my husband, and I had a wonderful experience at this hotel.Buzz Cafe in the hotel is great as well!We will definitely stay here again and recommend this hotel to everyone!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DenaK33
<Content>Superb Housekeeping Just stayed at the Ohana East last week in Honolulu. The good: Excellent housekeeping, very clean room, and extra amenities were provided the second day when I left a note requesting them, as there were four of us staying in the room. Kudos to the Housekeeper, she was the best! The downside: The room was supposed to have twin queen beds, instead it had twin doubles. My biggest disappointment was the actual design of the room for electrical outlets. I know that seems petty, but they have a fabulous vanity area just outside that bathroom that was completely unusable because there wasn't a single outlet to plug a hair dryer or a curling iron into. Whoever designed the room did an extremely poor job of thinking of the need for convenient outlets. Ultimately I had to get ready at the desk in the room, where I had to crawl under it to plug things in and unplug one thing to plug in another. Bright spots were we had a nice balcony view of both the beach and Diamond Head. They made you pay $18/night for parking in the hotel underground parking, however, which I thought was bogus. I didn't understand why that either would not have been included or free for a hotel guest.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	5	3	

<Author>sailorann
<Content>Good Stay at the Ohana The Ohana hotel chain is geared is best suited for family stays. Their washer and dryer on the main floor was great for doing a load before we headed off to our next destination.My husband and I stayed at this hotel for 5 nights. The rooms were average. The hotel is on the older side, but it it clean and the location is very good. I must also say that the the staff were very friendly and helpful. While I like this hotel, I would not return back here next time. In general the hotels in Hawaii are pricey, but I felt that the price we paid ($109 USD per night) a bit seemed high for what we got. On the last day I think someone had something stolen from their room on our floor, we were thankful that we used in the in room safe.This hotel would be much better suited for family stays.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	5	3	-1	

<Author>lovesurfing
<Content>Wonderful We booked into the Ohana East for 2 nights prior to our cruise. We were given a lovely room with a balcony that looked to the ocean on our right and the mountains on our left. The room was nicely decorated and was very spacious. It was by far much larger that I had expected. The location is excellent, right in the heart of Waikiki. We walked most places, and used the Pink Line trolley to go to the shopping center - free with your room key. The hotel also offered free internet in the room (we had our own laptop). Overall, I would definitely return to the Ohana East. We could not have picked a better place to start our Hawaiian vacation.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>davdaven
<Content>Mediocre Hotel in Decent Location The Ohana East is a mediocre hotel located in central Waikiki. Like most hotels in the area, it seems, this facility is in serious need of a remodel.I stayed on the fourth floor and had a pleasant view to the north. My room was average in size and would not have been well suited for more than two people. The bed was firm but surprisingly not uncomfortable. The furnishings were old, and there was a large stain in the carpet. The mini fridge was loud even though it was in an enclosed cabinet. The bathroom was typical of a budget motel, and it had only a shower stall (no tub). The alarm clock was awkwardly positioned on the desk next to the TV and not on the night stand next to the bed. A pleasant breeze could be had on the lanai.The fourth floor was musty, and it reeked of old cigarette smoke even though no smoking was permitted on the floor. The elevator's keycard reader was tempermental, and folks sometimes missed their floors while fumbling with it. The lobby was old and not fancy, but it was well maintained. The pool was clean and large, but only the younger and older guests used it or the hot tub. Everyone else seemed to be at the beach, which is a short walk south of the hotel.Front desk and cleaning staff were friendly, but the hotel itself was not in great condition. Had this facility been located in a community where demand is not so concentrated, I would expect to pay approximately half the asking price. However, considering its location in central Waikiki, I do recommend visitors take the Ohana East into consideration when booking their vacations.  
<Date>May 24, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>BigEFortSmith
<Content>Descent The Ohana East was descent. The main complaint is that some of the staff were rude. We were at the pool drinking a few beers when a security guard came over and said to throw our beer away or risk a fine. Now I don't understand when they have a pool bar that closes around 4 pm. Also if you are a smoker this is not the place for you. I went out onto the lanai but heard if they caught you, you would get in trouble. Other than that I had a good time. The showers were plenty big for one person seeing how I am 6'5 250 lbs. The rooms were nice and was a nice walk away from the beach. There are a lot of prostitues in front of the hotel. I was at the Burger King across the street and watched one of them make a sale with a guy. Grossed my wife out but I had no problems with it. They got to make a lioving I guess. LOL! There is a lot of shopping by the hotel. Roundtable pizza in the Ohana East is a great place to eat. A little pricey but the pizza was absolutely great!!!! If you are into country, there is a bar called Nashville Waikiki that is a fun place to hang out. If your looking for a descent non smoking hotel, this is a good place to stay.  
<Date>May 18, 2007
<Rating>2	4	4	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>worldtravella
<Content>Great value for Waikiki This was our first stay at the Ohana East. We have previously stayed at other Ohana and Outrigger properties in Lewers St, but with the redevelopment and subsequent huge increases in prices there, we decided to look for a new reasonably priced and well located property. I believe we found this at the Ohana East. Located only a block from Waikiki beach it is a short walk for a swim in the ocean. We were pleased to find that the beach was nicer here than in front of the Outrigger Reef on the Beach and Fort De Russy - the sand extending into the water made water shoes unnecessary. Additionally, the bus from Ala Moana stopped right across the street and the Pink shuttle stopped just down on the next corner, in front of the Ohana West, making it very easy to get around. The Ohana East has been renovated fairly recently and we found the carpet, curtains and other furnishings to be much nicer than in othernon renovated Ohanas. It鈥檚 just a shame they kept the same bedheads and TV cabinets as they make the room look a little dated especially if you know they are probably around 20 years old. Even painting thema different colour might have been an improvement. The rest though is much nicer. The bathrooms have been renovated as well and though still smallish look much better. The room is average sized with a large safe, TV (limited cable channels), table and chair and bar fridge. Use of the safe was complimentary. We originally asked for a king size bed in a quiet part of the building but were given a queen size. As we are both fairly large we found sleeping basically impossible on the smaller bed so I asked for another room. We were advised that there weren鈥檛 any unless we wanted to pay for an upgrade 鈥?unlike some of the other reviewers below who got free upgrades to City view rooms. We didn鈥檛 as the room was already at the top end of our budget. They said to check again the next day (usual runaround) but still no king size. Finallyafter 3 sleepless nights I鈥檇 had enough and went back to see if therewere any twin beds instead, as at least we would each have our own space, but I got a different receptionist who said they did have a king size but that the room didn鈥檛 have a lanai/balcony. I said we would take it (we hadn鈥檛 used the lanai in our other room anyway), and at least now we could get some sleep. This bed was not only bigger but also more comfortable. Both rooms were equally nice in all other respects except of course for the lanai and the view as we had now moved from the 12th floor to the 2nd and were overlooking a roof. The room was quieter though as it was further from the street.The pool area has been recently renovated and has some sun lounges, tables and chairs, a pool, whirlpool and bar. The pool can only be accessed via a pool ladder rather than steps so may not be suitable for mobility impaired or older people. It is also too deep (4鈥?or 1.2m) for small, non-swimmers. Pool towels are provided. The pool bar is only open in the afternoons between about noon and 4pm 鈥?about the same time as the pool area is in the sun. The whirlpool did not work as well as it should 鈥?only half the jets were working which made them too powerful. Overlooking the pool area is the gym, which is in two hotel rooms that have been joined together. It has a bathroom, towels, treadmill,stepper, limited circuit equipment and a TV. It is quite functional for a small hotel gym and the equipment seemed to be in good condition. There are several restaurants, fast food places and convenience stores in close proximity to the Ohana East as well as a supermarket.There is also a 24 hour modern, well maintained laundromat at street level. The hotel also has parking for a fee. In addition to complimentary use of the safe, we could use our room key holder for free trips on the Pink Trolley (to and from the Ala Moana center), and had free local calls and calls of less than 15 minutes to mainland USA from our room. These were things we had not received in previous Ohana hotels and found them very useful. Additionally, it was possible to check-in to Hawaiian Airlines flights (domestic only鈥?not international) on a machine in the lobby and in the morning there is a rep there to help you and they take your bags to the airport and check them in for you.Overall, we enjoyed our 8 night stay at the Ohana East and when compared to the previous Ohana and Outrigger hotels we have stayed at, it was of an overall higher standard but still at a reasonable cost compared to other options currently available in Waikiki. We would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>May 3, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	2	-1	-1	

<Author>Hach
<Content>Great location for the price! We (2 retired adults) stayed at the Ohana East for 5 nights in the second week of April. We took the Roberts shuttle bus from the Honolulu Airport to the hotel at $9 per person. The ride took about 70 minutes, but with the fun commentary by the driver and the city scenery going by, it was definitely the right decision.The Ohana East is located in Waikiki on the corner of 2 main streets, about a 5 minute fun walk to the beach. Across the street is an ABC store, and on the next block is a grocery store and numerous restaurants. The convenient city buses go right by the hotel, and a shuttle, free with your hotel key, can ferry you all around Waikiki (which we used every day).Check in to the hotel was very quick (we arrived about 9:30 pm) - the staff from bellmen to clerks to cleaning staff were so very helpful and friendly. We had a 2 bedroom city view room on the eleventh floor, with a large enough shower (I am 6'6 tall), very clean and comfortable. The room faced out over the streets, with a slight ocean and Diamond Head view - especially great at night, with all the lights. The street noise was audible, especially in the early mornings, so, if that is a bother, you may wish a room at the back, overlooking the pool. The room rate included a 5th night free accommodation.Other than a noisy street, especailly when you are on the lanai, the Ohana East is perfect in comfort and especially city location.While in the city, we took the bus to Diamond Head (20 minutes) and Pearl Harbour (70 minutes) both econmical and scenic ways to get there.In the 5 days we only rented a car for one day, a journey around the Island - otherwise we used the buses and shuttle. A trip around the island is a must, with highlights being the entire route #72 from Diamond Head to the Pali Lookout, a visit to the Dole Plantation, and just the general scenery of beaches and villages along the way.O'ahu is a wonderful island to visit and the Ohana East Hotel added to our enjoyment!  
<Date>Apr 27, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>chelley2909
<Content>Ohana East in the heart of Waikiki       Veiw on the far left side of our lanai  
<Date>Apr 14, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	-1	-1	

<Author>Call_us_Canucks
<Content>Good Value We booked a kitchenette but found it too noisy a location in the hotel. They moved us to a city view, 14th floor. It was a nice room, good view, we liked it enough that we stayed there on our way back from NZ too. There is a complimentary trolley to Ala Moana Mall. The desk clerk will give you the details. It's nicer than taking the bus. The price is reasonable for what you're getting in Waikiki.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jennikerr
<Content>Excellent Location! Just got back from lovely Oahu. We stayed 6 nights at the Ohana East and I would highly recommend staying here instead of spending extra money to stay right on the beach. The walk to Waikiki beach is approximately 4 minutes! Our room was simple, yet comfortable. The daily maid service was great. The Daily Buzz cafe is a great place for a quick breakfast. The Activities desk clerk in the lobby is extremely helpful. We also used the Bell desk to arrange shuttles to Pearl Harbor and the airport. Checkout is at noon but our flight didn't leave until 11pm. The bell desk will store your bags for you and they even have a hospitality room where you can shower and freshen up before leaving. Do NOT eat at Smorgy's restaurant just up the street. The all-you-can-eat buffet was the worst I've ever had.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>4neta
<Content>Australians travelling to Oahu To all Aussies travelling to Oahu, this hotel was great. It is located in easy walking distance to Waikiki Beach, the International Market Place and local shops and Restaurants. The hotel has good restaurants downstairs. We had pizza (american style) at the Sports bar, there is 'Buzz Cafe' for snacks and breakfast and also Kiena Restaurant if you get in early has a great budget breakfast. The rooms on the city side are a little bigger and have two dble beds and a sofa bed. We have a family of four 2A, 2C, so was great size. We were on the 10th floor and got a marvellous view. Noise can be a bit of a problem with other rooms slamming their doors and the local traffic/emergency sirens can be heard, but its nothing to worry about. Didnt have much time in the room anyway. The beds were comfortable and the rooms clean. The hotel has a coin laundrette and even a hairdressers. I would recommend this place to all, and possibly to even call the hotel directly to book. We did this and received a good discount and a Trolley pass. The Trolley's will take you to the Ala Moana Shopping Mall. If you book with the hotel you may receive this for free. Other things I recommend is any tours with 'Enoa Tour Company'. We took Tour 2, the Royal Circle Island Tour and it was worth every cent. Check out the Enoa Website. Also with tours, do not get taken in by tours to the Arizona Memorial. The visit to this place is for free. If you stay at the Ohana East, check out the Activities Desk and ask to be put on the early morning shuttle to the Memorial, this is about $9.00USD each, but much cheaper that tours that ask around $20 - 40.00. You need to get to the Memorial early as the line up is long. Also check out the Free Hula show at 6.30pm every night on the Waikiki Beach near the 'Duke Statue'. Again something for free that you dont get taken in to buy. Recommend dining at 'Dukes Restaurant', you MUST book in and could be slightly expensive, but well worth it. They have good meals and big salad bar, not to mention the location of right on the beach and the atmosphere, cant be beat. Just for info, we flew Jetstar and cannot complain at all, the flight was fantastic and the service was just as good as Qantas. Make sure you PREBOOK your meals and an entertainment pack if you require, as these may run out while in flight. The Pilot Captain Davies was fantastic, he flew around turbulent weather as he was aware many children were on our flight, it made us 20mins late, but we were all very grateful for the choice not to fly through turbulence. If there is anything else about our short trip that I can help another aussie family with, just leave a message on the board.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>melchickk
<Content>Great Hotel       view from the bathroom  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DLL2
<Content>Nice Place For The Price       Our room  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	5	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>grneye
<Content>Good Deal This is a good value for the location. It is not on the beach but very close. The walk to and from the beach and in the area is safe as there are lots of other tourists around. The hotel was clean. We were barely in the hotel room and saved $400 by not staying on the beach. I recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TravelbugDevon
<Content>Definitely recommended! My husband and I stayed at the Ohana East for 10 nights during February. We booked it as part of a flight/hotel deal through Expedia.When we arrived at the hotel we were checked in by the very helpful front desk staff, and shown to our room which was on the 11th floor. The room itself was fairly standard, quite dated furnishings but comfortable. The bathroom was quite small, but of no problem to me at all (from some of the previous reviews I was expecting a cupboard size when I walked in!). You could hear traffic noise if the balcony doors were open, but none with them closed. The only noise we really heard was the noise of the lifts going up and down (our room was next to the lift) and we could hear the people in the room next to us.We booked a car through the Outrigger Activities desk in the lobby, and this is definitely the way to do it! If you book this way, you will rent a car from Thrifty and you can have it between 7am and 9:45pm, which means that you don't have to pay to park your car overnight, you just return it to the Thrifty rental place each evening (5 mins walk from the hotel) and pick it up again in the morning. If you decide to do this, you have to book your rental car through the hotel - if you try to book directly with Thrifty you don't get such a good rental rate. It is also cheaper than the Avis rental stand outside the hotel. We hired a car for 3 days and drove all over the island - a trip to the North Shore is a must!We found Waikiki itself to be quite expensive for food (except fast food), but cheap for tours and things like clothes  shoes. It was really helpful having a free pass from the hotel for the pink shopping trolley as this saved $2pp each way for a trip to Ala Moana.Overall this hotel is definitely recommended, it is in a great location, good value for money and very helpful staff.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	4	

<Author>KamaainaK
<Content>Not the place for us, we begged to cancel the second night Our stay at the Ohana East was for a birthday getaway and the hotel was assigned to us by Priceline's Name Your Own Price as a 3-star hotel. While the price was OK (the same as we could find offered online), we would rather have had our bid rejected than to get this hotel. It was a solid 2 star experience.I would say it's adequate, clean, centrally located in Waikiki, and a reasonable budget choice. Lobby is fine. Lines at HELP desk were quite long considering it was low season and when we made it to the front of the line the HELP person wasn't informed on our question about the Trolley passes.Furnishings are generic quality, bed was not very comfortable, was too noisy outside to keep our slider open, and something about the ventilation system stuffed us up that night so we woke up with headaches and sore throats, both of us. I disliked the shower design very much; it was the worst smallest darkest shower I've had in a hotel, and the bathroom toilet had a quirk where I had to hold the handle down until my hand hurt from pressing on it.If you don't care about having a nice aesthetic and just want a clean safe room that allows you to walk to the beach, food, and shopping, it would fit the bill.Our room overlooked the pool so we couldn't help but notice the pool area in shadow of tall buildings and not a lot of activity on the pool deck, probably because there was no sun. We had one main issue with the service: one of us likes to watch TV at night but our remote batteries were dead. A trip to the front desk to try to fix this resulted in over 30 minutes wait at the front desk while various people were consulted. Result, they did not have any spare AA batteries in the hotel and the whole wait was a waste of time. This really spoiled the mood of my companion as it was so silly for this big hotel not to be able to change batteries in a TV remote, plus the fact they made him stand there and wait while they figured it out. A true 3-star hotel would have told him to go back to the room and just sent someone up and would have had batteries. I don't hold a 3-star to super-high expectations but I think that's in the ballpark.After about an hour on the phone the next morning, between Priceline and the hotel management, they agreed to liberate us from the Name Your Own Price no-refund clause and we went on our way to lodgings that made us a whole lot happier for the same price.Side note on the parking: we had a rental car and of course paid the parking fee, but it was such a pain just to drive around the block there that we chose to let it sit in the garage until we departed.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>zoraM
<Content>Good location, great price We stayed at the Ohana east for three nights at the end of January and we're very pleased with our stay. The room had a nice kitchenette that we found very helpful. (As vegans, it can be hard to eat out in Hawaii!) As another reviewer noted, this meant there were some ants in the room. I took this as par for the course--I think bugs in rooms in Hawaii is more common than it is uncommon and this wasn't the W after all.Others on this site have complained about the steep ($18) parking fee. Coming from NYC, that seems cheap to me. And (and this is an important and), don't let that dissuade you from getting a car. Seeing Oahu--the North Shore, the Windward Coast, Hanauma Bay, Pearl Harbor--is so much easier with own car. Factor the $18 a day into your car rental price. (We got our car for $20 a day from Priceline, so though $38 per day including parking was still a bargain.)And if you don't want to battle Honolulu traffic to get to the Ala Moana Center or the Ward Center (for more off-the-beatern track shopping), your room key acts as a free pass for the Pink Line Waikiki Shuttle -- a real plus.The location of the Ohana can't be beat.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>irun5k
<Content>Overall a safe bet My wife and I stayed here the weekend of Feb 2 thru 4th '07. The hotel was easy to find and the parking situation is very good. We were able to park on the second floor of the garage each time. Parking is a steep $18/day but it is nice to not have to worry about finding a spot.Upon arrival we found we were booked in a 3rd floor room but they offered us the 15th floor when I asked. The 15th floor room only had double beds but that was a reasonable trade off.The Ohana East is right in the middle of the action. If you want to stay in the heart of Waikiki there really is no better location. You're not on the beach but it is a short walk.I give this property a 4 out of 5 stars for the following positives reasons: The room was very clean as were all the common areas. You can't really see any signs of excessive wear and it looks like the property is reasonably well maintained. The bathroom is on the smaller side but no big deal for us although some reviewers obviously differ on this opinion. (I'm 6' tall.) High speed internet is included for free- nice. As mentioned, the location and parking are both outstanding. We walked to Zanzabar nightclub a couple blocks down at around 10:30 PM on a Saturday. Based on some reviews I was expecting that we would want a cab back for safety reasons at 2 AM. Not the case- there were lots of people on the well lit street. This part of Waikiki has some prostitutes, but for us that didn't matter at all. Prosititues, due to the nature of their job, are usually friendly and harmless. They don't stay in business long if they mug people. The hotel also gives you access to the pink line trolley which alone is worth $8 for a single round trip ticket for 2 to the Ala Moana mall. The negatives: Our hallway had an odor at times. We never smelt it in the room thankfully. We're not sure what it was and didn't complain to anyone. Secondly, the internal walls of the hotel are apparently very thin. We could hear people talking on occasion.Other traveler considerations: As with any hotel in this area, there will be a certain amount of noise from outside. We were on the 15th floor and you could still hear traffic but it wasn't bad at all. However on a lower floor it might be unreasonable for some travelers. The property has AC so at least you won't need to leave your sliding door open at night- that would be a nightmare.Overall I consider this a safe bet for anyone like ourselves. We don't need pampering or spa service but we do often stay at more expensive properties (we're not rich... I'm just good at getting discounts and using priceline.com.) So, we're used to a certain level of cleanliness and upkeep. For people like us it can be a terrifying experience to look for a less expensive property- images come to mind of cockroaches, spiders, bloody sheets, ripped up walls, no hot water, etc.The world could really use more hotels like the Ohana East- less expensive with no major frills yet still clean and maintained.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	5	

<Author>misscecily
<Content>Nice hotel for the price Just got back from a 7 night stay at the Ohana East. Good hotel for the price. Perfect location. 3 minute walk to the beach and the Duke statue with live cam. Round Table and Keoni restaurant right there. Subway, KFC, Burger King across the street. So-so restaurant buffet style called Perry's across the other street. Foodland couple of stores down for groceries and an Arcade next door. Also a Denny's a very short walk. International Market 3 minute walk too. The hotel staff were very nice and polite. If you need extra towels though make sure you don't need them right away. That's the only bad thing I have to say about the stay. Maid service was great though. Bathrooms were small, but if you've every cruised then rest assured they're bigger than those bathrooms. Fridge, iron, blow dryer, cable, Ninendo, wake up service all a plus. Beds a little to lumpy for my taste but not a big turn off. Stayed on the 15th floor with a city view but once out on the balcony you could look over to the ocean. If you stay at the Ohana East you can ride the Pink Line Trolley for free and can catch the free Hilo Hatti shuttle at the Ohana West a very short walk across the street. Starbucks around the corner too. My advice is to catch a trolly, rent a car or take a taxi....bus rides are very cramped and take a very long ride. It ook us 1 1/2 to get to the swap meet over by the Pearl Harbor monument. Would not recommend that. No complaints and can definately recommend this hotel to others. Would stay again!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>Australia07
<Content>Great hotel, top location We stayed here for 3 nights in January, and loved it. The location is excellent, a flat 3 min walk to the beach, and right in the heart of Waikiki. We booked a super saver room, and a couple of weeks before we arrived I rang the hotel and requested a high floor. We were on the 11th floor and the room was very quiet. It was not huge, but a decent size, very clean and well appointed. There was a bar fridge, coffee maker and of course tv with many channels. The bathroom is small as many others have commented, but perfectly adequate. The hotel included a complimentary newspaper, free wireless access to the internet ( we had a laptop ) you can travel free on the pink trollyes around the city showing your room card, and also unlimited free 15 minute calls to the mainland US. As we are from Australia this was no benefit to us, but would be to many of you, and we did get free local calls. The staff could not have been more helpful, the concierge arranged our taxi to the airport, $29 flat rate. There are some ladies of the night  around, but they are all around Waikiki near the International Market place especially. My husband was own his own for 15 minutes one evening and approached twice near the Market Place.There is a supermarket right around the corner, restaurants and shops all around, and the bus stop is also very close by. We took the number 20 bus to visit Pearl Harbour/USS Arizona. It is only $2 each way, but make sure you have plenty of time as it is very slow. It took over an hour to get there, but we had the time and didn't mind. Coming home it was no problem either, we actually got off at Wards, did some shopping and then caught the free trolley home. We loved the Ohana East and would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>redmud
<Content>Okay 2-3 Star We stayed at this hotel after relocating from the Ohana West across the street as we were a bit shocked at the quality of the hotel. So this was a step up from the Ohana West, but we were still not very impressed. If you are looking for a 2.5 star hotel, this is exactly what you will find. It was clean, very basic, and in a good location, but that's it. After seeing 3 hotels in Honolulu it seems like it's hard to find a good deal anywhere, so don't skimp on Honolulu hotels as you don't get much for your money here.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	3	3	

<Author>Piolina
<Content>Great Hotel! I spent 5 nights at this hotel and I absolutely loved it. Even in a city view room I could still see the ocean. The room had everything I needed: a small fridge, ironing board, blow drier, high speed internet and toilettries in the bathroom. The only thing I didn't like was the size of the shower--very small. Everything else was super! It's walking distance to the beach, restaurants and shops and it gives you free passes to the pink line trolley so you can tour around. The staff was very friendly and helpful, going above and beyond the call of duty at any request or question. I would recommend this hotel to anyone without a doubt.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>NorthwoodsIowa
<Content>Good location We stayed here on New Years Eve. Two couples in a room with 2 double beds. Our room overlooked the pool.Room was clean and was in a great location to walk to Waikiki beach. The only down side was the bathroom shower was tiny!!! It was smaller than a shower on a cruise ship.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Hula-Princess
<Content>Great Location Recently returned from sunny Hawaii, stayed at the Ohana East for 8 nights. Hotel is in a great location only a couple of minutes walk to the beach, nightlife and restaurants.Rooms were better than I had excepted since reading a few reviews before I left and for the price we were very happy.All the amenties that you needed were there and the rooms although a little dated are still nice.The hotel pool was very cold, didnt get any sun till the late afternoon, although we did lay be the pool and have cocktails a few times.We ate at the restaurant Keoni's downstairs for dinner twice, the thai food is highly recommended.Throughly enjoyed our time in Waikiki and would love to return again soon.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>Stagra
<Content>Loved the Ohana East We stayed at this hotel for 4 days in June 2006 after doing a 7 day Cruise. We loved it. Staff were really friendly - we got off the ship at 10.00am, and check in wasnt until 2, however the receptionist shuffled some rooms and we were able to access our room straight away. Although a little dated (but not old by any means) the room was very clean and large/roomy - we had a really sunny room with a nice little balcony overlooking the pool. Well located at only 2 blocks from the beach, and really central for everything else (shops, restaurants, clubs and bars) - parking underneath the building which was easy to access. There were 7 eleven stores across the street, and a little restaurant at the bottom of the building where we had breakfast every morning - that was really quite cheap. The pool and spa area were really nice, and there were shaded areas if the sun got too hot. Yes, there were the hookers on the street outside the hotel at night - however no worse in this street than any other in Honolulu - they are just part of Honolulu and are on every street outside most hotels - just get used to it. We really enjoyed out stay here and would certainly stay here again. The price we paid was reasonable (considering Honolulu accommodation is really expensive anyway) and felt it was good value for money.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>knine
<Content>everything great but........... This hotel was pretty good considering the price and the location was the best!! You dont need a car,you can just walk to everything. Overall the staff were friendly and accomidating. The only problem we had was small ants in our kitchenette. We complained twice and they said they would get the housekeeping to take care of it, but they were still there. When we checked out, she asked us about the bugs and I told them they were still there, so she offered 10% off our bill. Which I thought was decent. I would recommend this hotel to families and anyone on a budget. Just check your room for bugs!!!Aloha!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>4	4	2	5	2	3	4	4	

<Author>admaxim
<Content>One Of the BEST Staff were extremely friendly and helpfull. Close to everything you need, transportation, beaches, shopping, nightlife  
<Date>Nov 17, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>svangron
<Content>Great Location, Great Value, Clean Rooms       desk w/ web access for $10 per day!  
<Date>Nov 11, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	3	1	

<Author>tarynsmum
<Content>Excellent Location       Waikiki Beach  
<Date>Nov 6, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tel1664
<Content>Great Value Waikiki Hotel Spent 7 nights in mid October at this hoteland for the price you will not find better value in Waikiki. Very good location, approx 4 mins walk to the beach Hotel was clean and well maintained with helpful staff who know the area very well. pool area is spacious and well maintained and big enough for the number of people who use it. Rooms clraned and made up every day.Loads of places to eat in the area, some even good value by Hawaii standards. Cost of parking a bit on the pricey side $15.00 per day but this is usual in Hawaii and you dont have to have a car in Waikiki. Dont think twice about using this Hotel and stick with the standard rooms as they have a bath with shower rather than just a small shower cubicle.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Jez&Carly
<Content>Dirty!! We spent 3 nights at the Ohana East Hotel in Waikiki in September. Because of a delayed flight we didn't get to the hotel until around midnight - we suspect this is why we ended up with a small dirty room in the corner of the hotel. This hotel is perfectly located only a block or so from Waikiki beach - which meant an easy walk to all the bars, restaurants and shops. The hotel also had a large pool area which was a good place to relax and get some rays. The hotel staff were polite and helpful - the airconditioning in our room broke down several times and the front desk arranged for a handyman to come and fix the problem almost immediately. One plus about this hotel is that they offer a hospitality room - which was a godsend seeing as we had a late night flight out of Hawaii but were still able to spend the whole day at the beach and wandering around Hawaii after checking out. All in all the room was pretty poor but we really enjoyed Hawaii and would visit there again - probably not staying at this place though.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	3	

<Author>margaret 10
<Content>A Wonderful Stay! We stayed in three different properties in Waikiki during our recent visit, and the Ohana East was the best! Although we arrived 3 hours before check in, our room was ready for us. I had booked a standard room through the Entertainment Book for 6 nights. We even received the 5th night free. (Ohana hotels do this, other hotel chains do not if you are using the ent. book.) Our room was on the 3rd floor (other reviews warned lower floors are noisy) but this was not the case. Once a couple were very loud in the hallway and security was there immediately telling them to keep the noise down. There was a nice big comfortable bed for myself and my daughter, and there was a sofa bed for my teenage son. The room was a good size with a nice balcony. The tv worked well and had plenty of channels, also internet if you wanted to order it.. The bathroom was small, but very new. We did not find it a problem as outside the bathroom door there is a closet, nice counter space and mini fridge.The staff were all friendly and helpful, and the entire hotel was exceptionally clean.This was the only property we stayed at where my kids enjoyed using the pool area. It had towels for use, a hot tub and a small bar area. (Great for watching the Stanley Cup finals!)Most importantly the pool area was in the sun! (A lot of hotel pools in Waikiki are in the shade for most of the day due to the positions of other buildings.) You have sun there from 10:00 am until around 4:30.Our meal at Chuck's Cellar was excellent. (Use coupon or go for the early bird.) Round Table Pizza was a good location to watch sports. They put on anything you request. We watched the Stanley Cup and the Tour de France there.There is a small store for snacks, cold drinks and alcohol.Self serve laundry is just around the corner.This hotel felt much safer than larger hotels, and the walk to the beach was only a couple of minutes. The elevators were quick too! I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone, and we will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>travelbug5569
<Content>Awesome hotel!!! This is a great hotel for the $$ you spend. While most hotels in Waikiki are generally pretty expensive, I found this hotel to be of great value. it's in a superb location (for all of you shopping lovers) and the beach isn't far at all.The staff was helful and friendly and the rooms were really clean.I would defintely stay here again!  
<Date>Oct 9, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>katgold
<Content>Ok but..... Look this hotel is adequte but it is very basic accomodation. The postion is good really only one block from Waikiki and is well served by the bus line across the street. The rooms were clean the beds comfortable and the staff were average.But this is a tired hotel with a poor pool area and the bathrooms are miniscule.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	2	2	2	

<Author>mandala0424
<Content>Mandala0424 My husband and I stayed there for our honeymoon in October and it was nice except for the fact he is 6'6 and 380lbs and the shower was very small. He could barely get into it we arent sure if it was because we had the kitchenette that they made the shower smaller but if you are big beware. The location was nice and had plenty of stores around it and the walk to the beach was quick and easy. We are looking to go back this November but we will not be staying in this hotel again just because of the shower size.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HighNoon
<Content>Worthy of another stay We visited the Ohana East on a Get Up and Go package with Fairfield resorts in July of 2006. The East was accomodating and check in was fast with no major problems. We were located on the 11th floor with a balcony overlooking the pool. (The room was reserved by Fairfield.) It was our honeymoon and a bottle of sparkling wine and two wine glasses were delivered to our room with a personalized note from the Ohana East staff. I was very impressed with this accomodation, especially because we booked with RCI/Fairfield and not the Ohana hotels.The location of this resort is great. It is only a few blocks from the beach and within a very short walk to many, many dining and entertainment choices. I would select this hotel again when planning a trip to Waikiki. The rooms were updated. The bathrooms (shower only) were clean and modern. The bed was comfortable and the room was clean. Although not a resort or as luxurious, the accomodations were average and the hotel was well staffed.  
<Date>Jul 28, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Parkatola
<Content>Great Hotel! Would recommend. Family group of 9 (2 kids, 2 teens, 4 adults, 1 senior) just returned from Waikiki, staying at the Ohana East. Great hotel. The rooms were adequate, clean, and fairly well maintained. The bathroom was a little small for a family of 5 in one room, but what can you expect. We had 3 rooms total. Nice pool with sun and shade most of the day. Only 5 minutes from the beach. The neighborhood is fairly active, so even in the evening, we had no qualms about walking to the beach or nearby ABC stores. There is a police station about 1.5 blocks away as well. Close to the International Marketplace, and another alley/street a block or so to the west which has even better deals. Visit the Outrigger Adventures desk in the lobby for great deals on tours/excusions. We went to Pearl Harbor and snorkeling in Hanauma Bay on excusions booked through Outrigger Adventures. Pretty good deals.Downsides: have to have a key to use the elevators, which isn't a problem, but don't forget your key. Also, the three elevators can be a little slow during peak times, but no real problems there. They also have stair access to each floor.Hope this is helpful. Enjoy!Parkatola  
<Date>Jul 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hawaiishells
<Content>Shopping Shopping Shopping We stayed at Ohana East for 6 nights from 4th June-10th June 06.( 3 friends aged 24-30) Being from Australia and our first trip aboard we had a wonderful stay. This is location at its finest. Right in the midst of shopping and restaurants. The service provided by the hotel was second to none. They have all the adminities that you could ask for. Yes our room wasnt the Hilton style, yet it was clean, serviced every day. You go to Hawaii for a holiday not for a holiday in your hotel room, get out and about and see the sights. Yes we did see working girls, yet you really have to be looking for them to see them. Lots of cheap places to eat. Public transport across the road. When doing Pearl Harbour there is no need to pay $$ for a tour, catch the bus out there, it cost $2 and you have 2 hours to return on that same ticket. To actually go into the Pearl Harbour Memorial is FREE!!!!!!! No need to pay $80-$100 for a bus tour. Just be early, it opens at 7.30am and you really need to be out there by 6.30-7am to get in the line, the lines look daunting yet they move very quickly. As some other reviews stated that it felt unsafe and not to go out after dark, we were 3 females and felt safe at all times, we were still out walking around and shopping till 11-12pm. I think you need only 2-3days in Oahu and then explore the other islands, the big island is a must if you want to vist the real hawaii. Enjoy we had the best time in our lives. Aloha and Mahalo.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tenoka2000
<Content>Location, location, location            
<Date>Jun 13, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved it Our family (2 adults, 17 year old son  14 year old daughter) spent 10 nights at Ohana East during May of this year. We had a two bedroom, kitchenette suite. The staff were very friendly  helpful. The view from our room on the 19th floor was breathtaking (we could see Waikiki Beach, the mountains, and Diamond Head), our room was more than we were expecting. All the rooms were large enough for the 4 of us to live comfortably without being in each others way. The hotel is very well located. There are restaurants in the hotel and restaurants and fast food outlets nearby. Waikiki Beach is only a block away. The bus and trolley stop just across the road. I would strongly recommend this hotel to families.  
<Date>May 30, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ohana East Hotel Just got back from Hawaii and stayed at the East for 4 nights. Really is a nice clean hotel with a small but pretty pool and kid's pool with a bar near the pool. It was a 5 minute walk to Wakikki Beach and only steps from the International Market's shops. Across the street on Kuhio ave. was a very good Buffet and priced nice. $6.99 for breakfast and $9.99 for a very large and good dinner too. This includes your drink too! Don't drive in Wakiki as the traffic is a nightmare at times. One night it took me 45minutes to go 1 mile. And going around the Island is a very slow process too. You average about 35mile an hr. at many times and the freeway can be a nightmare too, with the sign placings very poor. You need to get at Pearl Harbor very early like 7:15 am as the lines get very long. The pretties beach I thought was Lanikai Beach near Kailua beach. You have to find a parking place in a resideual part of town on a 1 way street then find a path to the beach between houses but you won't regret it! When the 1 way street forms a sharp turn is the best place to start looking for a parking place. White sandy beach and beautiful different colors of blue water and no waves also nice for shorkeling if you have equipment. The Culture Center is really nice if you never saw nothing like it before, BUT IF YOU HAVE it could make for a long day and expensive one. Duke's canoe restaurant on Wakiki Beach is a good place to eat dinner too! I feel that Oahu is an Island where one is rushed too much to enjoy a nice time so 3 nights would be a good choice and then move on to the Big Island for 5-6 nights, as I feel that is the best Island to see what the Hawaii Islands are about!!  
<Date>May 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>HSUGrad
<Content>Great Location and Good Value We stayed in a City View room on the 11th floor. This room was slightly bigger than a standard room and on the view side of the hotel. From the balcony we had a peek-a-boo view of the ocean and Diamond Head. The room was clean and comfortable. It had two queen beds and a chaise lounge. The bathroom was small-one person size, but I didn't plan a trip around a hotel bathroom. I brought my 16 year old daughter and the location was great. A short walk to the beach and shopping. I shopped around on internet sites and was able to book the room for about $110.00 dollars a night. After you book, call the Ohana directly and request a non-smoking room on the highest floor possible. The staff was friendly and very helpful. Waikiki is a big city, with some big city issues. All and all a beautiful island with an enormous amount of things to see and do. Not as small child friendly as some of the other islands. A good reference is the book Oahu Revealed by Andrew Doughty. Money well spent if you like to plan ahead.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location We just returned from a week stay at the Ohana East. It was not what one may come to expect at Hilton or Marriott, but it was not bad. In fact the room kind of grew on us. We were located on the fourth floor at the end of the hall and noise was not a factor at all. We had a king bed with a sofa upgrade. The major complaint we had was the shower was extremely small. The room faced Kaiulani Avenue with a great view of the mountains. The location was everything I read and more. Just a five minute walk from Waikiki beach and literally dozens of choices for dining, entertainment and shopping. Make a special effort to go to Dukes. Great view of the ocean, good food and live entertainment. Make sure you save room for the hula pie! Overall we had a pleasant stay and we would return. The great location and moderate rates compensated for the somewhat modest amenities.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>fenger3000
<Content>Good Value We booked a hotel room/kitchenette for 6 nights in February 2006 and asked for a high floor to cut down on street noise per some previous reviews. We were given a room on the second floor and told that we could check in the morning for another room on a higher floor. Yes, everyone is right that the lower floors offer a lot of street noise. The next morning the staff obliged by giving us a room on the 17th floor which was pretty much the same as the previous room minus two stove top burners in our kitchenette. The room included a small refrigerator, microwave, a few plates, bowls, cups, and silverware, sink, queen bed, TINY bathroom, hair dryer and a safe for a small fee. The size of the bathroom didn鈥檛 bother me at first, but after day four it was getting on my nerves. The door would not open all the way because the toilet was in the way. If you wanted to use the bathroom, you had to maneuver around the door and then shut it. Luckily we are both small in stature (max of 5鈥?鈥?and 150 lbs). Other than that issue, I was very satisfied with the hotel. The staff was very helpful and the concierge was a plus. Some other points to note are as follows:- Pool only offered late day sun. - Internet caf茅 in the lobby opened until 2:00pm. - The hotel location was great. Short walk to the beach, grocery store, good restaurants and bus stop. - Yes, there were hookers outside the hotel, but had I not read previous reviews, I probably wouldn鈥檛 have noticed them. Overall, the hotel was nice and the price was reasonable so we would consider staying here again.  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>heads_up
<Content>Great location and value       Ohana East / view from the east side of the hotel  
<Date>Feb 19, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Location We stayed in this hotel with our two children (15 and 11) as part of a round the world trip in December. We were looking for something which was inexpensive, comfortable and central, and it met all of those criteria. It has easy access to shops, beach and transport. The room was quite nice (although some thicker pillows would be good). The activities organizer was very helpful in recommending and organizing a day trip for us. The hotel was ideal for our purposes, and I would definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Feb 1, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>robson2501
<Content>Poor Housekeeping but good neighborhood for Hotel We stayed in this hotel from the 22 Jan - 29 Jan 06 and on Thursday of that week we discovered that the housekeeper had been pilfering underwear (dirty and clean) from the closet and the dresser. Security did not seem real concerned and we never did receive a call from the manager of the hotel while we were there concerning this. Other than that, great location!  
<Date>Jan 31, 2006
<Rating>2	5	5	-1	5	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Naoma
<Content>Hated this Place I stayed at this BUDGET hotel. Room so small, the bath was about 2 feet wide -- I am quite petite and do not understand how anyone bigger than I am could fit in there. Dark and dank -- shower curtain had mouldy smell. Bath was only 7 steps from the bed. Do not stay here if you can help it!!!!  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>MoeMom
<Content>Nice Hotel--Good Location I stayed at this hotel with my 2 boys. The room and the bathroom were a bit small but nothing horrible. We had a safe and refrigerator in our room. The location is great. It's only a couple of blocks from the beach and has many restaurant options within easy walking distance. We had the breakfast special at the restaurant every morning. We got a great deal on our room and would stay here again.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Great Hawaii Hotel This is a great hotel by Hawai'ian standards and is coveniently located one small block away from Waikiki beach, the block housing the Sheraton Princess Kailani hotel. We stayed here for 4 nights and although it was the beginning of October, we still enjoyed 30 degree C days and managed to develop a beautiful tan within a couple of days.RoomsRooms are clean but the decor (as with most Hawai'ian hotels) is a bit dated. It feels like they are still waiting for Elvis to come back and are afraid of alienating him with modern decor. The bed is a massive king size. The room was quite large (we had a standard room). There is plenty of space to store your luggage (we had four bags) and still move around. The room does have cable TV with three informative channels focused on dining, sightseeing, and culture. The range of channels selected isn't comprehensive but you are not hear to sit there and watch TV (unless you are sick with the flu like I was having just come from Vancouver).Unfortunately, the walls are not as thick as one would expect from a multi-storey hotel. We could hear the people next door making their own music but thankfully they were quick. Also the bathroom is an after thought with the world's smallest toilet. The only other downsides with the room were that you have to pay for the safe ($3.13 a day - no biggie) and that things like coffee isn't replenished unless you asked. They also charge if you ask for extra coffee.Views from the room are not bad. From the ninth floor, you can see the mountains. If you are a smoker, too bad. Most rooms are non-smoking. The only smoking floors are the first floor and there is no rooms there or a view, and the eighteenth but you will have to pay a premium for those rooms. You can get away with smoking on the balcony but someone complainsServiceThe hotel staff and cleaners are really friendly. We really only needed them on a day and were very friendly. We stored our bags in the hotel as we had a midnight flight and we given access to our bag as needed.DiningThe restaurant in the hotel is pretty good. We ate there a couple of times. Breakfast is quick, clean and cheap. Dinner was a bit slow and nothing to write home about but good enough compared to some of the other places we ate. Two places to stay away from are the buffet breakfast in the International Market Fair and the Top of Waikiki. Both will make you sick, guaranteed.The best place to eat in Waikiki IMO is Tanaka of Tokyo in the King's Village across the road. It's one of the best Japanese restaurants I have been to and is rated by Zagat as the best teppan experience anywhere.GeneralThe hotel provides a hospitality room. Provided its available, you can have a shower and lie down. They usually give it to you for 45 - 60 minutes. This is a great facility especially if you have a very late night flight like we did.Overall, this is a good priced, clean hotel with nice staff and big rooms. I would probably stay there again especially considering its proximity to everything.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Stetsonzhere
<Content>Great place to stay! We had stayed at Ohana East 2 years ago in a package deal and really liked the hotel, so on our return visit, we requested this hotel again, and got it. Often times that can be a mistake, but not in this case. Previously we had a room on the 17th floor, with a view of the mountains to the left and a view of the ocean to the right, with the room overlooking a small park. This time we got a room on the 11th floor with a view overlooking the pool, and another hotel. Who cares? We weren't in the room for much more than sleeping anyway.  Any hotel employee we spoke with was quite cordial and professional, with a slight exception of a person at the Activities Desk, who seemed to be perturbed by questions, but later a much nicer person was manning the desk. Anyway, from the front of the hotel, you can be on the beach with a five minute walk. Kuhio, which runs beside the hotel, has many restaurants to choose from if you don't want to venture out too far. Also there are some great eating bargains on this street if you just look. Though I would not recommend Perry's Smorgy, across from the hotel, for anything except a cheap breakfast. Buses and shuttles to just about everything pick up just across the street on Kuhio. Shopping of just about any price range is within short walking distances. I can't imagine a better location. Though this room was a little smaller than the one we had previous, there was plenty of room for the two of us to be comfortable and not have our luggage in the way. The room safe had been free on our previous visit but now at three dollars a day, you can make the determination on how much you want to use it. We encountered no noise in our room, so we were very happy with that. As for the hookers, they only seem to be working on weekends, and it's not like they block the hotel or anything, so they are not really a problem.  If we are to return to Oahu some day, we'll definately check for available rooms at Ohana East before we check any other hotel.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Keitht
<Content>Good location. Comfortable room. We stayed at the Ohana East for 2 weeks in the second half of September. The hotel is in a good location less than 5 minutes walk to the nearest beach and within easy walking distance of literally dozens of restaurants.The room was spacious and well maintained with comfortable bed and more than enough storage space even for my other half! There is a good sized safe in the room although I did think $3 per day a bit steep for the use of it. Roughly $50 for 2 weeks including tax - I only wanted to rent it - not buy it.Others have mentioned the 'working girls' who tend to hang about outside the hotel, but we found them to be amusing rather than a problem. My wife felt she would be likely to do more trade than some of them and she is soon to celebrate her 50th birthday!There is a small cafe on site where light breakfasts can be obtained and more substantial fare is available at the adjoining restaurant. Reception staff were unfailingly friendly and helpful. One even apologised for forgetting my name when I had only spoken to her once - 2 days previous.The pool is on the floor above reception (I will avoid using 1st or 2nd floor in order to avoid confusion). It only receives direct sunlight from about mid-day to about 5pm, consequently the pool bar is only open from midday to 4pm.There is a sports bar adjoining the hotel which does great pizzas - great in terms of both quality and size! Staff in there are also very friendly and soon came to recognise us as regulars!The only negative comment, and this is probably more from a European perspective than American, is the lack of a bar / lounge actually within the hotel. We aren't exactly alkies but do find that a bar tends to act as a focal point and provides the opportunity to meet other people and generally chat. A Sports bar is not generally conducive for a 'quiet natter'.  
<Date>Oct 7, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Verry good Value for money This Hotel was more then a good Hotel it was an Excellent Hotel, They couldn't do enough for you. the rooms where first class and the service was first class also. We stayed at the Hotel for one night on our way to the mainland from Australia and again for three nights on our way bact to Australia. the one night we had a saver room on the fourth floor and the three night stay was a standed room on the ninth floor. There was no differance as I could see between the two rooms, they where both first class. My wife left her sweater down in the lobby and we didn't notice it missing until we started to pack, I phoned the front desk to see if anyone had handed it in, they told me to phone housekeeping in the morning which I did and with in ten minuets there was a knock on the door and the sweater was returned to us. It shows that honisty is not deid. The Hotel is very cental to everything, within walking distance of the beach and shops. It has most of the tour buses stop at the Hotel, All the staff at the Hotel are very helpfull. If you are coming from the airport use the shuttle as it will cost you US$40 each way in a Cab, and only US$14 each return on the shuttle. A nice place to eat Breakfast is Keoni By Keo's, which is in the Hotel on the ground floor.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Countess Maritza
<Content>Definitely a very good hotel-close to everything My friend and I stayed there for a week (just got back) and definitely recommend this hotel. I always request a top floor (in this case we got the 16th floor) toward the west end overlooking the pool. We had a cute little balcony with a small table and 2 chairs and you actually had an OCEAN view from the side. The room is not extremely large but very cozy and clean. Bathroom is a bit on the small side but so what? The unit has a small refrigerator and a safe; also a table and comfortable chairs. We had no problem with noise since we kept the sliding window closed at night. And yes, there are hookers out in the late evening on Kuhio street, but they are not the shabby type and aren't agressive or a nuisance. The location of the hotel is just about perfect, within walking distance of all the other hotels; about a block from the beach; many, many shops, and close to all the regular buses as well as the shuttles. We had rented a car and balked at the daily parking charge ($13 per day) until we found out what the other hotels on the beach charge ($24). I would suggest not renting a car if you don't plan to do sightseeing on your own but for us it worked out since we did some hiking and trips to the North Shore. A must: have dinner at TOP OF WAIKIKI -it is a revolving restaurant that has very reasonable prices. You get a superb view and incredible sunsets. It is located on the street and close to where the Galleria Shopping is. We highly recommned it and were surpised that so few people know about it. Hey, we almost didn't go because we assumed it would be pricey- well, it wasn't and the service was excellent, leisurely, and we were not rushed out. Good deal. Oh, the service in the hotel was excellent with great helpful staff.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, large clean rooms  Ohana East is in a great location next to the international market place and a block from Waikiki. We stayed there 3rd - 7th September 2005Rooms were clean and well serviced. Have stayed there twice now and recommend it. Trevor  Liz Gold Coast Australia  
<Date>Sep 20, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Really Enjoyed This Hotel Spent five days at this Hotel, and really enjoyed it. The staff were helpful and pleasant. We didn't get the room that we requested, so when I mentioned it to the front desk, they moved us to the correct room. All in all, it was a pleasant 5 days, and would recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Aug 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Cheryl206
<Content>Good times at Ohana East I had a great time staying at Ohana East. I took another reviewer's recommendation and asked via email (Expedia) for the highest floor they could give me. My cousins were on the 12th floor but I got the 16th floor, with a view over the pool of both the hills and the water. Nice! It's true about the hookers outside at night, so if that would bother you, don't stay there...They walk all over that area, so it's hard to miss them.My room was always clean and replenished. I would suggest to the hotel not to put the extra hand towels and washcloths on the toilet...Put another towel rack on the wall. Walk to Waikiki beach in a couple of blocks, close to all the touristy shopping stuff. Close to bus stops that take you everywhere. Would have liked to have had a microwave...I will stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>speedz2
<Content>OK for the price Stayed here for three nights in early August. All in all, I got what I expected, based on reviews read here. Room was clean and comfortable (after getting an extra pillow) though a bit tight for space. Safe and fridge were useful. I had a room on a lower floor so street noise was a minor issue -- but no worse than any other major city. Air conditioner was very effective. Location was great -- a 5 minute walk to the beach and close lots of shopping and dining. Hookers in the area were abundant but not obnoxious. Area seemed safe. Didn't use the pool much, but it was nice and cool and refreshing. If you're looking to save some money and be in an convenient location, this is worth a look. Staff was good. I stayed in nicer places in Kauai, but I paid a lot more.  
<Date>Aug 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Awesome Hotel We just returned from a 5 day stay at the Ohana East hotel in Waikiki Hawaii!! We have 3 children and we had the most fantastic time. The hotel staff were great and we couldn't have asked for a better room. It was on the 19th floor and it was a penthouse room. My husband and I had our own room, the kid's had a room and the couch in the front room made into a bed for our older son. It had a refigerator, stove, microwave, and cooking utensils. It was very clean and the service was outstanding. If we ever get to go again, I will definately stay there.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ssuydam
<Content>Would stay again! We were very pleased with this hotel. The room was a little on the small side, but we really weren't in it much. Our room had a small fridge and a nice sized safe, a hairdryer and iron with board. It was very clean and quite. The pool allowed us to check out towels for the day so we didn't have to buy beach towels. The hotel is a block and a half from Wiakiki beach, the park area where the surfing lessons are given. There are bus stops with a half block and many restuarants to choose from. We would stay here again!  
<Date>Jul 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GeoGirl
<Content>Not bad if you don't mind the noise My husband and I stayed at the Ohana East for 3 nights, July 7-10, 2005. The lobby etc is very nice and the location is central to pretty much everything. The room was small but clean and adequate and having a fridge is always nice. We faced the pool which could get noisy with kids, but luckily it closed at 9pm, so the noise wouldn't go too late. HOWEVER, be prepared for alot of groups staying here and young people who will go out late and party and come home very loudly at 4am. I am only 28, so I feel old when I say this, but really, it was very disturbing. And it was every night that we were there. We were offered an upgrade to a kitchenette which was a bit nicer and bigger, but faced Kuhio Ave. which is also a very noisy option. There didn't seem to be a really quiet room in the whole hotel. At night the area is hopping, with tons of people of all varieties (tourists and locals and rough crowds all mixed together). All in all not a bad hotel, but buy earplugs. Oh yeah, and the last night we stayed we ordered in to our room from Keoni's. I had chicken curry and was sick for 2 days afterwards. I think I got food poisoning. We had other meals there that were excellent, so maybe that was just a freak occurrence. Chuck's cellar is a great restaurant with jazz music at dinner time.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	-1	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful family hotel We stayed at Ohana East from July 5-11, 2005. We just got home 2 days ago. I want to share our wonderful time at this hotel. The rooms are immaculately clean. It is very family oriented. Lots of parking. It's only a block from Waikiki Beach. 2 blocks away from the International Market. Lots of places to eat. Just avoid the desk clerk named Maili, she's a little unfriendly but everyone else is very nice. For first time travelers, the hotel parking is in Kuhio Avenue. It is very easy to miss, so pay attention or you will end up like us going around the block many times. Also pay attention to the one way streets. We had a very rowdy neighbor who had parties for 2 nights, on the third night I called security at 12 midnight and I was impressed for their immediate response. I highly recommend this hotel, we took our 4 children with us and had a blast!  
<Date>Jul 14, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Hotel! We stayed at the Ohana East May 28- June 2. This was our first trip to Hawaii. We had a package deal through a time-share to stay at Waikiki Outrigger Reef....when we arrive after a 13 hour flight our reservations had been cancelled some how and they had no available rooms!!! So they set us up with a room at Ohana East. We were fuming because we expected to stay oceanfront. The staff at Ohana East was wonderful (much more helpful than Outrigger Reef). Our room was small but had a king size bed, chase lounge and small bath. Our balcony over looked the pool area. The tour desk was very helpful as well. The bellmen stored our baggage for us the day we left and they were very friendly while we waited for our shuttle. We were pleasantly surprised at how nice and friendly everyone was during our stay in Hawaii (with the expcection of the Outrigger Reef staff). I don't think we would visit Waikiki again as it is VERY touristy and busy! Don't get ripped off with the Pearl Harbor tours....pay a shuttle to take you there...it is free to get in!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Clean and Comfortable Aloha, my husband and I stayed her for 2 nights in June. The room was plenty big enough and clean. The bathroom was small, you could not open the shower door if the bathroom door was open. The door to the lanai I did not find very secure. The lock was flimsy. There was a refrigerator in the room. There is also a room safe which they charge a daily fee. The staff was very friendly. Yes, there was a hooker infront of the hotel. We did have the $2.99 breakfast. It was good. If you are looking for fluffy towels do not stay here. It is a value hotel. The beach is a quick 5 minute walk. This hotel was fine for two nights, if I was going to stay longer, I probably would have booked a more upscale hotel.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>CasualView
<Content>Inexpensive, Great Location, Courteous Staff, Good Parking Our family of four stayed for two weeks in June 2005 in two rooms and were very pleased with both the room and the service. The Ohana East is a member of the Outrigger family of hotels and one of the 11 Ohana hotels located in Waikiki. The Ohana East is located in the center of Waikiki just north of Kalakaua Ave, the main strip that runs the length of Waikiki Beach. There are four places to eat in the hotel and literally dozens of other places just a short walk from the hotel either at other hotels, across the street at the Kings Village shopping area or at nearby fast food outlets. The beach is about a 5-10 min walk as well as is shopping of every description along Kalakaua Ave. Parking in the hotel garage is very convenient and costs $13.00 per day for guests. We found having a rental car was a big plus as it made getting around the small Island of Oahu a snap on the excellent road system. Without it I doubt we would have made repeated trips to the North Shore for the Polynesian Cultural Center and Shark's Cove, to Kailua beach on the windward side, the many Pearl Harbor memorials and museums, Chinatown in downtown Honolulu or out to eat Manapua in the Manoa Valley.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>SBLAU
<Content>Great Value My wife and I just returned from a short trip to Honolulu; we had a good experience with OHANA hotels on our honeymoon, so I gave this one a shot. Great location. Good amenities (my wife enjoyed sipping a pina colada in the hot tub purchased from the pool bar). Great value. Our room was clean, comfortable, and plenty big (though it would've been nice to have a fan in the bathroom). The staff was both friendly and helpful. The only drawback to our stay was that our room was close to the elevators which made falling asleep a little more difficult; thankfully, rarely anyone would used them past 1 am. Given the fact that the hotel is only 1 block from the beach makes it even more of a bargain.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>GREAT place to stay!! My family (five children and spouses) and I stayed here in March of 2000. I had stayed here twice before, my husband and I celebrating our 40th wedding anniversary here in 1992 and my daughter and her two children and I stayed here a week in '94. I LOVE THIS HOTEL!! What more could you ask for? It's close to everything and they have a very accomodating staff with a tour desk. We loved our stay at all times. I love Hawaii and especially Honolulu and intend to go back again. I will stay at the Ohana East. No pictures. The stay will always be remembered in my heart.  
<Date>May 27, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Zim-Babe
<Content>Great staff, room and location. Fantastic!!!! I stayed at the Ohana East from 2nd to 12th May 05, I booked it because it had the best reviews for the money I was willing to pay (got room for $60+ tax per night - Discount Hotels Hawaii). On check in I was given a non-smoking room on the second floor with no Lanai (and no real view!) although the room itself was nicely furnished and perfectly adequate. I phoned reception straight away and made a gentle complaint. Straight away I was given another room on the 17th floor right next to the speedy lift (no noise from lift at all), although I did hear the couple next door once if you know what I mean. I had views of the mountains, golf course and partial ocean view!!!! The room was large (bath only about 4ft long and 2 ft deep, but i'm only 5ft!!), well furnished and clean (1 stain on carpet, and cigarette burn on bedspread, but barely noticable) especially for the money I paid. The hotel had a fantastic pool and hot tub (drink prices were reasonable from bar $1.50 for a Pepsi), nice restaurant and handy pizza place on street level. Within 5 minutes walk of everything. All staff were friendly and helpful (Me being single girl on my own). I would definately recommend this hotel and would stay there again. P.S. did see a couple of prositutes outside hotels but this is common and I nearly didn't realise what they were. Didn't bother me in the slightest.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great location! my husband  i stayed 7days at this hotel. our room was 17th floor.it was little scary but had a great view, waikiki on the left side, mountain on the rigt side, pool and jacuzzi under the balcony. we put the sign plz do not disturb.. on the door,when we met the staff(maid) on the aisle, she asked us to change towels or someting politely, always smile said to us aloha~ or anything to helpabove all things, it took about two minutes to walk in waikiki, was close to many stores, shops, bus stops and bars  restaurants.  
<Date>May 24, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ChrisClarkston
<Content>Great Location, Nice hotel My husband and I stayed two nights here after 5 nights in Kauai. We were pleasantly suprised by this hotel. We were coming from a nice condo in Kauai, and not expecting a nice place in the city. We were first put in a room near the elevator (noisy), but they moved us easily when requested. Our room was 4 floors above a side road, but the traffic noise did not bother either of us as it was not too loud. The room was very nice and clean, though we did not spend too much time there. It was a large room with a queen bed, couch, sit on balcony, 2 closets, a refrigerator and seperate dressing area. Supposedly, many of the rooms have just been renovated. There was a pool on site, which was a nice size typical pool, but was shaded by the building till at least noon. The hotel location was great, as you are only one block from Waikiki Beach and very nice hotels right on the beach, and you are only one block from the International Market and some very nice shops. We got a good rate for this hotel thru Expedia. I would recommend this place and would stay here again.  
<Date>May 18, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jandlman
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience Ever! My wife and I were mislead into thinking that Waikiki was a little city. Don't be fooled! Waikiki is a BIG city! The images mainlanders have of Hawaii are that of palm trees blowing gently in the breezes, this is not it! I live in the Los Angeles area and it felt way too close to home. My wife and I couldn't wait to leave Waikiki. As for Ohana East. I was given a room on the first floor eye level with the bus stop/hooker hangout. Yep, I said hooker hangout. I requested another room and was told by the staff that there were no other rooms available. And as for the buses, they run pretty regularly. Through most of the night. About 20 feet from the sliding glass door. It was aweful. My wife and I contacted Pleasant Holidays whom we have used a half dozen times before and they got us over to Kaui where the pace was just what we had hoped for. Relaxed. Point being if you live in a city and are flying anywhere from 5-10 hours to get away from the hustle and bustle, go to Maui away from Lahaina or for a rural really slow paced vacation head over to Kaui. Good times friends.  
<Date>May 8, 2005
<Rating>1	4	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>member6424
<Content>Good value, very pleasant We stayed here at the beginning and end of our first trip to Hawaii. Both stays found the rooms clean, comfortable. Location was good, one block to the beach and window shopping. Coupon book that came with the room gave us a good breakfast deal at the restaurant downstairs from the lobby. The elevators required a key swipe to operate, comforting security method. The only difficulty we found was getting our luggage from the parking structure into the lobby required going through two doorways and down a short flight of stairs. Not convenient for overpackers like ourselves. This could have been avoided by using the bellman but that entrance was not visible from the parking entrance. All in all a fine hotel for our needs.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>close and handy First time in Hawaii from Australia during February and couldn't beat this Hotel for service, cleaniness and respect to all members of our group, central to all bus services and for meals at night, and only one block away from the beach.On street level of the hotel, one side has breakfast and is excellent for a low price, on the other side pizza's are available for snacks or a main meal and the bar service is great.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AKGRLS
<Content>Ok, but not a place for a honeymoon Honeymoon 2005 (2/23-3/1)We made sure to let the front desk and reservationist know that this was our honeymoon trip. When we arrived, our room wasn't ready so they let us use a hospitality room to shower since we flew all night. The room was used, dirty, and had no clean linens. When we finally got to check into our own room, I was dissappointed to see it was very small, had no tub, and very little privacy. Our room was directly over a very busy intersection and when the bars closed around 4am each night we were woken by lots of partying, screaming drunks. The prositutes were many and liked this intersection every night. The front desk at Ohana East was polite, but they never said Maholo or Aloha like all the other locals did everywhere else. They just seemed to be doing the motions, and were not genuinely hospitable. We ended up moving over to the Outrigger Waikiki later on in the week and absolutely loved it. If you plan on a honeymoon, pay the extra and stay right on the beach. It's worth it.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2005
<Rating>2	4	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>superfusue
<Content>Location, Location , Location Stayed at the Ohana East 1/31/05 to 2/10/05. Was originally given a room with a queen bed which we found the room to be too small. Went to the desk and they reassigned us a room with 2 double beds, perfect size room, great view on either side from the 14th floor facing park. Service was great from the front desk to the cleaning services. Spent time at the pool, small 3 seater bar with TV, was able to watch the Pats win SuperBowl!. Mel the bartender (best Mai Tia maker) is great, friendly and helped to make our stay enjoyable. Pool and jacuzzi are wonderful, clean and new.Everything was close by and within walking distance. We would absolutely stay at this hotel again.  
<Date>Feb 15, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great stay Stayed at the Ohana in November and was pleasantly surprised. The airline (not hotel!!) had made an error with the booking (not enough beds) and the hotel upgraded the room without charge. Room was large and comfortable with a good view over Waikiki. Renovations were being undertaken at the hotel, but didn't hear a sound. Although a lot of fuss is made about the loud toilets, the bathroom in my room was far enough away from the beds so as not to be a problem. Location was very convenient and the staff were friendly and helpful. Thoroughly enjoyed my stay and will definitely stay again.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleased with our stay Our six night stay at the Ohana East was quite pleasant. The rooms were clean and not out of date. The coin laundry downstairs was convenient for our beach towels and bathing suits. A small lanai overlooking the swimming pool and a glimpse of the ocean was nice. Staff was friendly and helpful when needed. Ohana East has many stores around them including ABC stores, International Marketplace, and some shops. As long as you can handle walking a few blocks here and there Ohana East is a great location for its locationThe only downside is the small bathroom with limited counter space and small shower which the door didn't open as wide as I would have liked. an yes there are working girls roaming around but they don't bother you so don't mind them if you see them. I would stay again whenever we get a chance to go back.  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would stay again in a minute if I could stand another second in Waikiki The rooms were recently renovated, tastefully decorated, really clean,our room was on the 5th floor with a small lanai overlooking King's Court and a small park. We had a glimpse of the ocean. Nice pool with bar service and tv. Found all the staff to be really helpful, took advantage of the hospitality room after our checkout at no extra charge, coffeemaker in the room, free safe, free local calls. ABC stores across the street, there is 39 of them in Waikiki alone. Very good location, close to beach, like two minutes, shopping, restaurants. I would recommend something higher than the 5th floor in any hotel in Waikiki as the traffic noise is loud, or bring earplugs, they worked like a charm for us. If we revisited Waikiki we would definitely stay here again, we would rent one of the suites up on the 15th or 16th floors and stay for a couple of nights and then go to Maui. Waikiki is really busy, it's a must see for sure and so is the North Shore. But if you want peace and quiet this isn't the place for you.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>monica-TA
<Content>Ohana East I stayed at the Ohana East for the first time at the end of November - early December. I found the room really comfortable and we had a corner room on the eighth floor with views over the mountains from the shuttered side window and views up Kuhio Ave to Diamond Head and out to sea over the Hyatt roof from the balcony. The kitchenette room provided a small microwave - and all utensils. With Food Pantry across the road this saved on eating out expenses. Unfortunately the pool was being repaired while I was there but we had use of the Ohana West pool which is always nice. The front desk staff were friendly to us and the porters were really helpful. Some of the floors were being renovated while we where there but you could hardly hear the noise. The hotel is safe, close to everything in Waikiki and a great price. I would recommend it to all who want to save money to spend out shopping yet want a comfortable, clean hotel  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value and Service This hotel exceeded my expectations. The room was excellent for the price and the staff were always professional and helpful. I stayed 2 weeks at the Ohana East and would definitely recommend it and would stay there again.I had a lovely view of the mountains, Waikiki Beach, and the beautiful pool below me with the giant hibiscus painted on the bottom of the pool.Conveniently located to the beach, restaurants, and stores.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Reen12
<Content>Great price, comfortable and great location We just returned today - Christmas Eve from Hawaii - one of the most hectic times of the year. After reading lots of reviews about this hotel and others we were very nervous about picking a place to stay. But I was surprised and happy about our choice.I'll cover my review in the following sub headings:ROOMSThe rooms were well appointed, clean and comfortable. A small balcony, TV, fridge, a safe with a reasonable sized clean bathroom. Soap/shampoo etc supplied. The walls seemed to be quite thin too, and you can hear some noise from the next room, so keep this in mind..... If you have a late flight you can arrange late checkout or use a hospitality room for 1 hour to have a shower and freshen up. Overall, I felt clean, safe and comfortable. FACILITIESInternet kiosk, lovely pool and spa, restaurant, shop etc. Good facilities. Met all of our needs. Also a tour desk available with very helpful staff.SERVICEThis area did let the hotel down. We found front desk staff to be quite rude, so we just avoided them. Just watch your phone bill. We got charged for calling the tour desk and at 99c a call it was pricey. They took it off the bill only after we pointed it out.LOCATIONGreat location, a few minutes walk to the beach, cheap eating (KFC, Subway, Burger King, Pizza shops etc in a lovely little arcade across the road), convenience store across the road, as well as bus and trolley stops right outside. Close to all things. Nice atmosphere in this location.OTHER COMMENTSGreat hotel. We were happy with our stay. Clean, neat, comfortable, safe, great location - value for money. We were happy - I would recommend and go back again. Ohana means family - so the Ohana East and other Ohanas are aimed more at families than other hotels. However, I hardly saw any kids.GENERAL NOTESAfter reading many reviews, I was worried about a few areas. I can now see that some people have very high standards.Yes - there are working girls around - but they come out late at night and are very well dressed, quiet and you don't even know they are there. I couldn't tell them from the tourists. They are in many places around WaikikiYes - you have to use a swipe card for the lift - this was good - higher security and shouldn't be viewed as a problem.Yes - there is noise from the street - but it is fairly general city noise and is the same all over Waikiki.Just remember that Waikiki is very touristy so there are a lot of people and noise to go along with it. If you are looking for an idillic beach peaceful silence, try another island. And if you are looking for 5 star comfort and a view of the beach this hotel is not for you. But if you are looking for value for money and a good location think about this hotel. The Ohana web site has some photos and other information. Enjoy the Ohana East and Waikiki. You'll have a great time.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>under contruction I've had good success with Ohana in the past, but from now on I'll call them first to see if there is construction going on. The pool was closed. Yes, we could use most other Ohana pools, but still. The construction workers kind of slowed down the elevator with their getting on at the fifth floor and getting off at the forth floor. Someone should introduce them to the stairwell. When this level of inconvenience occurs at other hotels, the rate is discounted, but not at Ohana, apparently. Yes, there were streetwalkers, but they seem to be all over that section of Waikiki, so what can you do, call the cops? The Waikiki police station is only a few hundred feet away. What, the cops never get out of the station? The refurbished rooms are nice, like new. I'd stay again. The cyber cafe in the lobby is a dump. If you're interested in keeping dust and grime away from your laptop, stay away. The staff won't mind your absence. Too many customers would make it difficult for them to store bicycles between the tables in the caf茅.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just got back from Ohana East Last night we arrived home from Maui. Last week (Thanksgiving) we spent the week in Honolulu staying at the Ohana East hotel.You get what you pay for. For a family of 5 I was very pleased with our accomadations. It's not the Hilton or Sheraton. We had a suite on the Penthouse level. It has just been remodeled with new paint carpet etc...I would not hesitate to stay at this hotel again.Clean, hospitable, close to waikiki.....(Also, a plus..? there are at least 2 ABC stores across the street)  
<Date>Dec 3, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>StephLP
<Content>very happy We just got back from our trip this morning and were very happy with the Ohana East. It was a last minute trip to meet some friends and were really looking for a good price, close to the beach and our friend's hotel. Our rate was $88.00 per night through a web site and I was a little worried. When we got there we were pleasantly surprised. Our room had just been remodeled and was like new! The only disappointment was the fact that when I booked the room, the pool was closed for renovation and was supposed to be done by the time we were there and it wasn't. They told us we could use the pool around the corner at Ohana West. I would highly recommend this hotel! Oh, I did forget to mention the street walkers. I had read about them in other reviews and yes they are right there in front of the hotel and in front of the Sheraton Princess Kaiulani. A little awkward when your child is asking about them.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just fine for the price I read many comments regarding the Ohana East and must admit I was a little hesitant to book there. We arrived late at night. We were booked on the 3rd floor but the clerk at the desk suggested we take a room on the 11th floor as they have been renovated. Yes the bathroom was small, yes the balcony was small, yes the sound proofing wasn't the best......but the location was great, the room was nicely decorated, the price was right (we booked through Expedia) and I would definately stay there again. The wait for the elevators was not an issue at all. And most importantly to me, is the hotel was very clean!Yes there were hookers just down the street but there seemed to be hookers down many streets. They don't bother you and after our first day we didn't really notice them.We stayed in Waikiki for 3 nights then went to Kauai. Were very sad to leave. Hopefully will do the same trip soon.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2004
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Malcolmsmom
<Content>Very nice Because we booked through Priceline I was a bit dubious and thought we might not get a good room. But this was very nice - not good on scenery but convenience to Waikiki was great. Rooms were clean and we got a newspaper delivered every morning.  
<Date>Sep 22, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KIMNGUYEN
<Content>Not how I remembered it to be... This was my 3rd visit to Hawaii and stay at the Ohana East formerly known as the Outrigger East. My last stays were in 1997 and 1999. On each visit, I reserved the 1 bedroom suite with kitchenette. The kitchenette includes a small pot/pan, utensils, bowls, plates, cups, knife, can opener and kitchen towel. I suggest bringing Palmolive Dishwipes or Dawn Wash n' Toss to wash dishes. The detergent provided is regular liquid soap found in public restrooms and are not adequate for dishes. Coffeemaker and coffee is provided but we do not consume coffee so I am unsure what the cost is. There is a newspaper service. Cable was downgraded to basic only. Previous stays included Showtime, HBO, E, etc.This hotel was unique in offering free local crafts in the lobby such as lei making, etc. The information channel on TV indicated Tuesday to Friday but upon verbal inquiry, I was told that it was only available on Tuesdays and Thursdays. However, none were scheduled during my visit this time. This was a disappointment because I enjoy the free classes from the locals. Parking is $10/day with in and out privileges; however, the location of the hotel is perfect and public transportation (The Bus) is $2 for adults and $1 for minors under 18 years. We only rented a car for 1 day to drive around the island and go to the North Shore. The hotel is also conveniently located across from The Food Pantry for grocery purchases. The store closes at 1am. I made reservations through their website and it was very convenient and quick. I requested an ocean view and Diamond Head view room and one was provided even though I had a late check-in (10pm). The hotel has definitely aged with the same furnishings and carpet. The bathroom had a shower only with no tub. Maid/room service is there every morning by 8:30am. Overall, I was disappointed upon entering my hotel room but after learning that the hotel was undergoing renovations (top floors i.e. 15 through Penthouse only) with expected completion to be end of 2004, I would return to this hotel but will ask for one of the newly renovated floors.  
<Date>Sep 21, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value/Location My wife and I just returned on Aug 28th from this hotel and really enjoyed our stay. This hotel is centrally located on the bus line and about 200 yards from the sand at Waikiki. It is within easy walking distance to most shopping and restaurants in the area. The rooms were modest and very quiet. I usually have at least a few experiences of loud noises and late arrivals distrubing me in my sleep. I had no occurances of this the entire week. We stayed in a balcony room overlooking the pool.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location, okay hotel The hotel was okay. Rooms were clean, mine was very small with no balcony. A/C worked. Pool is no big deal. You are very close to the beach, about a two minute walk. Easy access to all of Waikiki by the bus. Many restaurants are close, including an excellent breakfast place on the main floor and a reasonable buffet across the street. Do not stay here if you plan to spend much time in your room, but as a clean, inexpensive place to crash, it is fine. The elevators are a bit maddening. I think they were programmed by a team of monkeys, and they often go down when you press up, etc. Slow and frustrating. Kuhio, the street outside the hotel, is all torn up due to construction, and prostitutes frequent this busy area around the hotel at night, but it seem safe enough. The staff is friendly. One last thing, don't get stuck in a room by the elevators, as you will be unable to sleep; otherwise, the hotel is quiet.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2004
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value I agree with most of the users comments. We stayed in this hotel for one night ($92) and felt that we got good value for the money. Our room was on the 9th floor and from our room we could see part of the ocean. The room was updated and comfortable. The shower was small but works well. The hotel is a short walking distance from the beach and the shopping area. The hotel's self parking cost $10 per day. Overall - we were happy that we choose this hotel for our brief stay at the Waikiki Beach area. We won't hesitate to book this hotel again.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Solid Hotel I am a hotel snob but was looking for a deal seeing that Hawaii is so expensive durning the summer time. I was pleasantly surprised at how nice and reasonable the Ohana East was. The room was air conditioned (worked really well) and had a balcony. I'd recommend this hotel more for a short stay - say 3 nights max. It nice but for sure doesn't offer the flavor of a beach front property. However, if you are looking for a clean, comfortable room stay here.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice view, dated rooms Nice hotel for price. As in other posts it was clean but the bathrooms were small. Round Table/ sports bar was great with the outdoor seating you can watch people at night. Parent alert, working girls cruise by at night with thier clear acrylic heals. It is in a great location and has some great views if you are on a higher floor. Construction was going on but I used ear plugs and they generally didn't start until 9. But they work 7 days a week. Lot of the street crossings and walkways were blocked. Very helpful staff and the workout room had some nice equipment.  
<Date>Aug 18, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good hotel, great location I really enjoyed my one week stay at the Ohana East hotel. Great location, close to the beach, shops, restaurants. My room was quite big, but the bathroom was small. My only suggestion to the hotel is to upgrade the sound proofing. Wow! You could hear people's normal speaking voices through the walls. All in all it was a great hotel, and I would stay there again.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2004
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value, Nice Hotel! My husband and I stayed at the Ohana East this past week and really enjoyed it. The rooms were clean and even had a refrigerator, toaster, and stove! The hotel was close to everything, about a block to the beach and the International Marketplace. The only downside of this hotel was the restrooms and the pool. The restrooms were very tiny and only had a small shower. The toilets were a bit scary because they were so noisy. The pool was very, very small, but thats okay since the beach is so close anyway. Other than that, the Ohana East is a nice hotel and a great value!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ohana East Is A Great Value If You Like To Stay On The Move! We spent a week at the Ohana East and found it to be totally adequate for a couple wanting to sleep, shower and stay on the go. Rooms aren't huge but are equipped with kitchenette, coffee pot, showers only, hair dryer, iron/board, room safe. House personnel kept linens/towels fresh  toiletries stocked. Keoi restaurant on street level opens at 7am to at least 10pm and is wonderful! There is a laundromat  a hair salon. The staff will arrange tours, dinner cruises, rental cars, limos  cabs. There is parking for guests. There are endless dining choices a block either way, surprisingly low priced so why bother cooking in the room! It offers a modest pool with hot spa, towels, chairs, etc. There is also an outside bar with drinks that are cheaper than home. The international market and beach is a couple of blocks away but you get none of the crowd noise. The Ritz it's not; had we stayed longer than a week I would have requested the carpet be cleaned. Otherwise, if you're like us and plan to spend most of your time vacationing, it's a great deal.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Value We stayed at the Ohana East the last week of June, 2004 and found it to be a great hotel for the money. This hotel is close to everything. Steps away from the International Market Place and Waikiki Beach. Lots of restaurants, shops  markets are just outside the lobby of the hotel. We found parking to be a little tough at the hotel - the parking spaces were designed for little cars so if you have a full size car it can be a challenge to park. You can purchase a 24 hour parking pass at the front desk for $10. We had a nice room with a partial ocean view on the 15th floor but found the room to be a little dated - apparently the hotel is currently remodeling one floor at time and all floors from 1 to 14 have been remodeled. The staff was very friendly and helpfull. We had a late night flight out on our last day and we were able to get a 6pm check out time which was great. Spent the day at the beach, back to our room to clean up and then checked out. Beats flying home all sweaty and sandy. We will stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>alloa from northern ireland My wife and i had alovely time in honolulu the hotel was clean and the rooms comfortable the only down side was being charged for an outside telephone line even though we were using a phone card. we have recommended the hotel to other people at home and we hope to be back some day.  
<Date>May 4, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Better than expected My girlfriend and I stayed for a week and I was pleasantly surprised. Most accounts had a several block/15 minute walk to the beach, I found it much closer- perhaps we have longer strides both being tall ;) The staff was very friendly. We were concerned about them being able to keep an eye on our bags for our last day there after noon checkout since our flight didn't leave til 8 pm. Not only did they lock them away, but they gave us a courtesy room for an hour so we could shower and relax before leaving for our plane. I can't wait to go back to Oahu and I'd definitely stay here again. The one thing I would say is don't let the bellhops talk you into taking a shuttle to the airport. It took an extra hour to pick everyone else up, and we only saved a few bucks. Perhaps if you are travelling solo its worth it. Overall it was an awesome trip. Hawaii is hands down the most beautiful state in the US. Rooms on the street are rather noisy, and the toilets sound like bazookas but after hiking and lounging in the sun all day I could have slept through a Metallica concert. Rooms were cleaned well daily and all the staff was very friendly. As soon as I'm able, I'l be back  
<Date>Mar 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ohana East- Very very convenient   showReview(1730400, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It was good!   showReview(1663308, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location, noisy room.   showReview(1612616, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 25, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best deal in Waikiki   showReview(1556985, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 19, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>J0di
<Content>Great Location Great for the Price   showReview(1547749, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed Ohana East   showReview(1533506, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 30, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved Ohana East   showReview(1505393, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SusieCH
<Content>We came back to Ohana East!   showReview(1140764, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 20, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Loved the location...Ohana does truly mean family   showReview(1077660, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 11, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location but not what you expect   showReview(987436, 'full');   
<Date>May 5, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>otonozo
<Content>绔嬪湴銇岃壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(23060551, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>銇嬨仯銇ｃ亾
<Content>姘楁ソ銇娉?   showReview(23032066, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇婂緱銇с仐銇熲櫔   showReview(19160095, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉撱兗銉併亱銈夈倐杩戙亸锛★饥...   showReview(19927389, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺伄銉忋儻銈ゆ梾琛屻仹...   showReview(19918171, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈儚銉娿偆銉笺偣銉堛伄锛戯饥...   showReview(19917591, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

