<Author>ec4476
<Content>Never Stay Here A terrible old hotel. First night in the room we were surprised by dirty unchanged sheets with blood spots..We had to call and wait on housekeeping. Last night we were surprised by a rat in the room. The maid service was horrible with an attiture. This is a dirty hotel in disrepair that is WAY overpriced..The food isn't good but is very overpriced.The lobby staff was very good though as were the waiters.Do yourself a favor. Stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	4	2	-1	

<Author>carmened
<Content>Very Pleased Stayed here because of the price, and was very reluctant after having read some of the reviews. Actually, I was SCARED after having read some of the reviews. We had stayed at this hotel when it used to be the Wyndham, and even before when it was the Doral.First check in was easy and fast. The bellman immediately had our luggage in our room and was very pleasant.We had a Junior Suite, and it was in excellent condition. There was no view, but we checked in late and were out fairly early, so the view was not an issue. The room was nicely decorated, bathroom in good condition, and the room was SPOTLESS!The TV was an old tube TV, and the room had no CD player, but for the price of $130, it could not be beat. Being from Miami originally, I knew the area and know the history of the hotels in the area. This hotel was built in the 60's, just as Miami's heyday was ending. Not far is the Fountainbleu and Eden Roc.This is not the South Beach area, and is loaded with condos and a much different scene than SoBe. Nonetheless, everything is still close by.The only complaint was check out, which if I had done the express checkout I would not have had anything to complain about. It was slow, very slow.All-in-all, a great stay and would definitely recommend to anyone!  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	3	5	5	4	-1	

<Author>kharee
<Content>Not amazing, but good enough.       view from our floor to ceiling window  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>ap663
<Content>Exceeded expectations (wheelchair access details inside!) I booked this hotel because they were offering a great deal with a hefty resort credit and only $15 for an upgrade to a junior suite which my friend and I couldn't resist. I was a little nervous after reading the reviews here, but we wanted a nice place to stay on the beach that would provide us with two beds to sleep in and that was in a quiet area. The resort by far exceeded my expectations.Our suite looked like it was remodeled in the last couple of years and everything was fresh and clean with a partial view of the ocean and beach. We had a king bed and a pull-out sofa in our sitting area and both were comfortable. While the shower wasn't a roll-in, the tub was low enough to make transferring from my chair easy and the grab bars were well placed. The hotel was able to provide a good shower chair which was brought up within minutes of it being requested. The carpet was a bit thick, which made pushing a bit hard but I got used to it.Wheelchair access in the resort was very good but everything is up three steps. So any time I wanted to go to a different section of the property I had to use a vertical lift. There are also two verticle lifts (one with a rather tight side turn, four wheel scoooters beware) at the entrance of the hotel. The front desk gave me a key to the lifts to use for the duration of my stay, which was convenient as I didn't have to wait for a staff member to come and help me, though most of the time someone ran up the second I approached a lift and offered their assistance which was nice. I have mixed feelings about recommending this hotel to other wheelchair users because it is perfectly accessible as long as the lifts work properly. If one breaks down then you would likely lose access to that part of the property. Luckily they all worked just fine for the duration of my stay but that's always the risk with mechanical chair lifts. The public bathrooms all have huge wheelchair accessible stalls and the bathroom by the pool has an accessible stall and an accessible roll-in shower with grab bars - but no bench and no doors on either the shower or toilet stall. The beach access path is hard sand and there's a sign saying you can take wheelchairs and strollers on that path but I didn't want to risk getting sand in my casters so I didn't go out on the beach. It would be nice if they put down some plastic meshing for wheelchair users. The hotel has a ramp going down to the beach path though so I think the beach path may be public property since it's a public beach.Overall service was excellent. The answer to pretty much any request was yes. The staff was super friendly, especially the waiters at the Hibiscus Restaurant where we got breakfast every day. We also loved lounging by the pool and playing board games and being showered with freebies once an hour (the pool attendants bring out fresh fruit skewers, smoothies, and wet towels once an hour). The only bad thing about the property is that there's nothing around except for other resorts and condos so food choices are limited. The prices in the hotel restaurants for breakfast and lunch weren't ridiculous and the food was pretty good so we didn't mind eating there. The good restaurants in South Beach are about a 15 minute bus ride away and there's a bus stop right across the street from the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 23, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>eqo31
<Content>Decent facilities. Atrocious service. The facilities at this hotel are run-of-the-mill, the beach is decent. But, uneventful stays rarely inspire travelers to write reviews...As a frequent traveler, most trips leave memories about the trip - not the hotel. This hotel however, stood out far far above any other I've encountered in recent years.My first night dining with them, the meal was acceptable... we put the bill on our room, and left. About half way across the hotel, the waitress and restaurant manager (not hotel manager) came chasing over, claiming we've put down an invalid room number. When we showed our hotel card key of the same room, they forced us to go to the front desk. Wonderful... a mini detainment session for no crime done. After they chatted with the front desk for 10 minutes, they realized that the front desk did not check us in yet for the day. They looked over, and said Ok, you guys are free to go.Thanks... that's a lovely apology for chasing us yelling from half way across the premise and detaining us.Two nights later, we came back to the hotel very tired from a strenuous day of activities, so we decided on eating at the hotel restaurant again. (I know... why?) The second time, we were one of the first people to arrive for dinner, but waited forever to get our food, getting our food well after numerous people arriving after us. While a long wait in itself isn't terrible... here's another example of the delectable brand of service this hotel offers:The filet mignon was ordered Medium. It came out not medium, not medium well, not even well done. The center was starting to turn *white* from the dryness of overcooking. I'm not an epicture, but the meat had the texture of a well aged 2x4 with the flavoring of a bag of fresh road salt. Maybe an acceptable first try for beef jerky...but that's not what I ordered.Another entree, a pizza, was put on our table for roughly 10 seconds before it was taken to another table, and given to them. Quite a few minutes later, the wait staff realized their mistake... and they had the audacity to pick up the pizza from the other diners and bring it back to our table. Serious? Are there really no health regulations in Florida about re-serving served food? (I guess it was untouched...but would you want to eat something that's sat at another diner's table for several minutes?)To be fair, one of the other diners in our party took this directly to the hotel manager, who came to address several of our grievances. The hotel manager acted very professionally and seemed to genuinely care about our experience. While the other diners in my party seem mostly placated by this, I personally feel a hotel with good management but poor staff is still an awful hotel.Good hotels in this region are easy to find... I regret straying from my usual brand (SPG) to try something new. Don't make the same mistake.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	3	4	3	1	1	3	

<Author>MikeFromOhio
<Content>Very Nice for the price. Great Service and Beach Access. I travel frequently and enjoy writing reviews which can be helpful to other travelers. Overall this was a very nice resort and our experience was very pleasant. I bought a one night stay prior to going on a cruise through Hotwire and I got a great deal on the room. I also noticed similar pricing directly from the hotels web site. The service, restaurants and bars where very nice and much better than had I expected them to be. The pool area was very nice with live entertainment and a poolside bar. Beach access was close and convenient. The hotel it鈥檚 self is an older hotel which has been restored. The lobby is ornate and decorated with many very nice antiques. The only thing I didn鈥檛 like about the entire experience was the paint job in our hotel room. The room was clean but it looked like the walls hadn鈥檛 been painted in years. Given the attention that the rest of the hotel had received, I was surprised that paint on the walls of our room where so old and scuffed up. I鈥檝e traveled enough not to let an old paint job ruin my day off and I had a great time at this resort. Some things that I didn鈥檛 expect were:1) My Hotwire purchase did not include a resort fee and was only for the hotel room it鈥檚 self. No problem as the fee was only $10 and was well worth it. 2)Drinks were reasonably priced but food was just a little on the expensive side very similar to staying at any major resort. The food was excellent and worth a little more.Over all this is a great resort and I鈥檓 looking forward to returning in the future.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>alask
<Content>Not worth the price I stayed at this resort November 13-16 for a fitness conference. The hotel was very busy during this time; I believe there was also a wedding there that weekend. The hotel was not prepared to handle this kind of traffic, apparently. First thing I noticed going into the elevator is that the elevator certificate was expired over three months ago. Not a comforting thought, but I didn't think too much about it. Then the room - the bathroom was old and truly outdated. The room smelled okay. Whatever, its just a place to sleep. We had asked for a fridge from the front desk. One never came, so we called down for one. No big deal. Then the tv didn't work, so we called down again and they sent a guy up. The second night I looked up while showering to notice black mold all over the ceiling of the bathroom. Also, ants were marching their way across the bathroom sink. We tried to call downstairs and the phone just rang and rang and rang. The hotel was getting overwhelmed by all the people. This was also evident by the disgusting state of all the conference and ballrooms. The pool and outside areas were beautiful. The gym was crappy and old. Didn't get a chance to experience the spa. Looked like it was under construction. While checking out I mentioned the mold/ants and they offered me two free nights in a nicer room to make up for it. I didn't expect anything, so that was nice of them. Yeah, well, it would have been nice, except that the promised vouchers for the free nights were never sent to me!  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	2	2	2	

<Author>doctor4ever
<Content>The worst hotel experience I've had!       Bathroom from 1920s  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	3	1	3	

<Author>CtLikesToTravel
<Content>Pretty good but not worth the money I was very concerned after reading all the reviews as to what to expect when I arrived but it turned out ok. I attended the fitness conference held 11/12 - 11/16. When I arrived I was greeting promptly and curteously by the front desk staff. I had a room on the 7th floor. The room and bathroom were clean. There was a large amount of closet space. The curtains, rug, and paint were in needed of some attention but overall ok. I had breakfast one morning in the restaurant which was excellent. The server was very polite. While pricey, I did not need to eat lunch. I took the bus to Lincoln Road for dinner. It's pretty easy to get around using public transportation and would recommend not renting a car if you are only there for a few days. $2 one-way gets you to South Beach. I have to compliment the maid service. She was always aware when I left the room in the morning and made sure I have everything I needed. Room was always cleaned promptly. I like the fact they do not change the sheets everyday unless you ask. It's good for the environment and completely unnecessary for the most part. The Pool restaurant was ok but did not have a large selection to pick from. Prices were reasonable. Pool area was nice. Overall, hotel was ok. However, it's not worth the money even with the conference rate.  
<Date>Nov 26, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	1	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>YankeefanNy
<Content>very uneven Our family stayed there for a wedding from Friday Nov 14 to Monday Nov 17. During that time they were completely booked with our group and a convention of physical fitness people.Checking in took awhile but eventually got done. We got an upgraded room I guess because we arrived later (at 7 PM).The elevators were very busy due to the volume. It did take quite awhile to get one at peak times. One of them squeaked and groaned when opening and closing but never felt unsafe.Our room was OK (bay side view) on 16th floor. The room has apparently been redone? (Hard to tell). Poorly painted bathroom and chipping paint on windows. Bed was comfortable. The room seemed clean. Old 25 tube TV with movie channel we used for checking weather mostly. The door to our room did not close by itself automatically. You had to pull it shut. I did not mind this, but on two occasions, I returned to our room and found that housekeeping had not pulled it shut. We were lucky to have nothing missing!We had no car, so we were pretty much confined to eating there. We had dinner in their main restaurant on the main floor facing the ocean. We thought at first that we were lucky as our group of 11 was seated immediately and the place was nearly empty. They really had no clue as to how to operate this place. Our dinners were 1. very slow to get 2. cold 3. arrived at different times (up to an hour different!!!) 4 both under and overcooked 5 overpriced - ex: JW Scotch $11. Also the restaurant was VERY cold - bring a sweater or coat. It took the manager to be able to split our check among 3 payers, and he did this by assigning us 3 servers - one per group.Breakfast was a different story. It was served in the coffee shop. Although $19 plus tax and 18% tip is $25 the meal was excellent if you take advantage of all that this buffet offers - unlimited and delicious fresh-squeezed OJ, unlim. coffee, unlim. buffet including made to order omelets and waffles.Parking as mentioned is $22 valet service only plus tip. This is more than you would pay to rent most cars in Florida.The lobby area has been redone and is beautiful. The beach is very nice. The pool looked OK to me although I did not use it.The wedding dinner food and service was very well done. They seem to know what they are doing for this.Overall for the price we paid ($190 /night), I think that it is a bit over priced. There is a resort fee added to the room charge that is hard to swallow. Not sure why this is not just part of the room price since you can not decline it.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>giddykipper157
<Content>good and Bad bits I was a little wary having read some of the reviews but overall it wasn't as bad as I had possibly expected.The room was fine. It was clean bright and comfortable which met our needs for the 4 night stay. We had a side room view, ovelooking the large condo next door with a side view of the beach and a side view of the waterway and city. It was cleaned daily with fresh towels, tea and coffee.The hotel itself is quite ornate and the reception area is quite elaborate, but the prices match. The in room mini bar is very expensive. my tip is to buy a few items from walmart or CVS in LIncoln road (snacks/ soft drinks etc)The restaurants are also expensive and the one meal we had in there on our first evening before we found our way around wasn't very good.As some have said the hotel has a nice setting but isn't near to anywhere else to eat or shop. We caught the bus across from the hotel to Lincoln road ( cost $2 each) and ate at a lovely restaurant called NEXXT. The choice was huge as were the portions so if you're not a big eater get a dish to share, staff will happily oblige.Lincoln road is very nice but I must say I felt a little uncomfortable, especially as the evening wore on as there seemed to be a lot of homeless- type people about rummaging in bins and begging on the streets, some right next to restaurants. not too different to most large cities both in the UK and abroad but a bit off putting none the less  
<Date>Oct 13, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>suzinyc
<Content>Know what you're getting before you book Just got back from 4 nights at the hotel where my high school reunion was held. I'm a Miami Beach native and only stayed in the hotel for convenience to the event. Overall, not sure if their standard price is worth it. (I found lower rates than what I originally booked.) PROS: Staff was very friendly, the bay view from the high floor was beautiful, and the room was large. Jet ski rentals just steps from the property. Got free Miami Herald and New York Times every day. CONS: The hotel needs a lot of work, and my room clearly needed to be repainted and repaired. There was also no light in the shower, and there is no safe in the room, although there are safety deposit boxes in the lobby. I was also surprised that there was no CNN in the room, but 4 or 5 sports channels. If you are just looking to relax by the pool and beach, be warned that there is construction at the properties on both sides of this hotel, which was very loud in the mornings and afternoons. There was also a loud truck doing some kind of work on the beach. NOTE: This place is part of hotel row, so there are no eating/shopping options within walking distance. You'd have to walk about 8 blocks to 41st street and then across the bridge to find anything. That means if you don't have a car, and don't want to walk, you're stuck paying the high prices on the property. However, if you do have a car (parking is very expensive), you have in  out privileges and have the ability to call ahead to have your car waiting for you when you get downstairs. The staff was usually good about this.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	3	4	-1	

<Author>NJSTSX
<Content>Worst Experience Ever-AVOID AT ALL COSTS This hotel is not what it seems. When I looked up the hotel online the pictures were very deceiving. They only showed pictures of the best areas. When we arrived we were greeted by the valet which is the only way to park there and they charge $22 a day. The valet was not vey polite and there was no bell service outside. The front desk staff was polite but not professional. We asked the bellman in the lobby for help with a luggage cart and he said he was busy and that we could take the luggage cart up and bring it back down. I believe he was the only bellman working for an 18 story hotel. We finally get to the room and the room smelled like mold and smoke and the bedding was old and faded. There was a used glass laying on the floor, the roll of toilet paper was almost gone, and there were also stains on the walls. We were running late for an event so we left and returned at around 12:30am. We go back to the room and get into bed and we immediately started itching and started getting bitten by bed bugs. We called down to the front desk and asked for a manager. She told us to old on while she tried to find another room but she put us on hold and never came back. At this point we were fed up and decided to leave at almost 2am. On the way out we stopped at the desk and complained and asked for a refund but they refused and the girl at the desk had a horrible attitude. We had already called down for the car to be pulled around 20 minutes prior and still had to wait another 15-20 minutes outside. The valet staff this time was also rude. I would never stay at this hotel again. I have had 10 times better service and quality at hotels cheaper. It is not what it seems.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	3	2	2	

<Author>vickiepadin
<Content>Awesome getaway!!!!       also from our hotel room  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>uktraveller1982
<Content>Not as bad as the previous reviews... Hi there,We stayed for a cheap, quick 4 night break in the sun.We did get an upgraded room facing the ocean which was nice. Room was of a pretty good size and the bathroom not bad either. Lots of space to stash things away. However, they mentioned that will be refurbishing the hotel and the rooms would be in need of a lick of paint and some new bedding and so on as it's a bit dated now.Concierge and restaurant staff always helpful when asked. We did have 1 breakfast, which seemed pretty over priced, but then breakfasts often are in hotels. Around the pool was nice, it wasn't the height of season so didn't feel to crammed in. We didn't use the beach, but nice to have it just there. There's a few other hotels just along the way so the beach might get a bit busier at times.You are a bit out of the way, can't really just walk anywhere to pick up a few bits or get some food. However, you can catch the S bus from just outside to get into South Beach which is the cheap way of doing things. We also caught the bus up to Aventura mall for some shopping, which although seemed to take 45 mins for $1.50 was pretty good value. Overall, the hotel is definitely looking a bit worn around the edges but I think for the money if you can get a cheap deal then it's not so bad. You're paying for what you get here basically and it's really no worse than some of the cheap cheap South Beach hotels.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>4zukes
<Content>don't pay more than $100/night for this hotel...not a 3 star at all nice hotel in its day, but badly needs to be updated. I got scared before leaving for Miami, looking at the reviews of this hotel, but glad I did as it prepared us for what to expect. I called the hotel directly the day before we arrived, to make sure they had us in their system, and sure enough, we were there, and our check in was smooth with no disappointments. Our room was on the 17th floor, and the elevators weren't as bad as some people say. Sometimes there was a bit of a wait, but not very often, and we stayed there for a week, so that many times up and down, we would know. The front desk staff was very courteous, and during our week stay, we had two different ladies from housekeeping doing our room. We tipped each day, 4 or 5 $, and one lady was very nice and filled our ice bucket, but didn't change the sheets, or clean the mirrors, and the other lady was very rude, in fact I had to let the concierge know, but at least she changed the sheets. We had to leave a note asking the hskpg staff to clean our window!! The inside of it was smeared with grease from countless heads pressing up against it...yuck! It was like that for a couple days, stupid me, I should have let them know earlier, but part of me was curious how long it would remain that way. Apparently indefinitely, had I not specifically asked. I didn't notice film in the pool water or whatever some people are saying, to me it looked very clean every day we were there. I did miss the part, though, about free fruit or whatever. I didn't encounter that one single day we were there. Beach access is close and nice and clean. Giant dead cockroach on the lower level floor inside the hotel leading out to the pool/beach area...gross. Plumbing in the room...what can I say except bring flip flops to wear on your feet when you shower. It didn't look very clean, and the drain didn't work very well. The water started backing up into the tub within 10 seconds of the water running. It must be beach sand or something, because it was like that every time. We didn't pay a lot for our trip, and we read reviews before going, so we knew kind of what to expect. There was a wedding reception in the front ball room, and we didn't experience any irritation or undue noise because of it. The valet service is pretty good, not to long a wait, and we didn't mind tipping because the guys really hustle; they turn up the a/c, unlock all the doors, help you in, etc. One thing I will say that I was really impressed with, was the way the hotel dealt with Tropical Storm Fay. Monday and Tuesday, you couldn't go in the water at the beach because it was closed, and beach patrol was going up and down making sure people stayed out of the water. Where the hotel went above and beyond, is that they used the third floor conference room as a movie theatre, having movies running back to back all through the day, complete with free pop and popcorn and tortilla chips. They put up notices all through the hotel Sunday night, to say that they would be showing movies, and had a game room also set up on another floor, to provide guests with things to do because of the weather. They printed out a list of movies and the times they would be playing. I thought that was really good service that they really wasn't required, and my family appreciated it. With a 13 and 14 year old kids, it was very handy. I highly recommend renting a car if you're staying more than one or two nights; there's nothing in walking distance, and if you can afford the restaurant food at the hotel, or continual taxi trips, then why would you stay here? If you have money like that, stay someplace nicer in a better location. Why the resort fee? An extra money grab if you ask me. I don't know what in the world it's for.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	3	2	1	

<Author>cjfraser
<Content>Customer Service sucks!!! We showed up late on a Friday night with reservations for the next 3 days. We were there to attend our High School reunion. We have been on a plane all day traveleing all the way from California. It is 1 a.m. in the morning and the reservationist tells us there is a problem and sent us and about 15 other people to a hotel down the street to stay for the night. Another couple arrived when we did and the wife was so upset she started crying. They compt us for the night but the other hotel was not very nice. Their excuse was that they were full. We didn't even get to bed until 4 a.m. The manager at the other hotel was very gracious, yet could not believe all of the people that the hotel was sending down to her. She told us what could possibley have happened. There was a Salsa convention at the hotel that same weekend and they probably gave up our rooms so that they could make a lot of money on these people visitng their hotel. One of the girls did not have a car and we had to give her a lift to the hotel. The next day she came back to the hotel at 9:00 and got her room. We took our time and arrived back at the Resort at 1:00 p.m. They gave us a room with 2 double beds. This was not acceptable. We reserved a room with a king or queen bed. We ended up waiting 2 and 1/2 hours for our room. At 4:30 we got our room (normal check in is at 4) and the reunion started at 7. We wasted a whole day of vacation that we could have been visiting with our reunion friends or going to the beach. We stayed for 3 more nights on our vacation and all went well after that. Many at the reunion had the same experience as us. We had them compt us for the valet service, which is not mentioned on the website . Watch out, if you are driving a car the charge is 22 dollars a day. That in itself saved us about 100 dollars. We have never been treated like they anywhere that we have traveled!!!  
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	2	1	3	1	

<Author>CarolSkid
<Content>Brit View! So many reviews that are knocking the decor, saying it smells and that people are rude and unfriendly. My husband and myself started our holiday by staying in the Miami Beach resort for 4 nights.We caught a taxi from the airport which was a set fare of $33.50, which only took about 20mins. We were helped with our cases inside and checked in easily and quickly by smiling friendly staff. We weren't hassled in getting our cases to our 10th floor ocean facing room. Our room was clean, including the carpet and the bathroom and had no complaints about any smells - only good. Our maid was a lovely lady who greeted us each morning with a big smile and a 'Good Morning'. She cleaned and refreshed our bed sheets each day by the time we got back from breakfast.We had breakfast in the Seabreeze, however we felt the buffet was just too much to eat, and opted for the option of two eggs plus bacon/sausage with potatoes and toast, with endless coffee. This costed around $14 each. We never felt like eating then until the night.We spent time around the pool, and no matter what time was able to get a bed with a fluffy clean towel. If you are there over a wekend they have live music in the afternoon. Each day they come around with complimentary cold flannels and fresh fruit. We overlooked the pool and each morning around 7.30am we saw it being cleaned and vaccumed.The beach is also cleaned and the walk into the sea was completely free of rocks and seaweed. We thoroughly enjoyed our dips in the sea.If you can tear yourself away from driving everywhere, then jump on the local bus that stops outside. We used it to get downtown, Ocean Drive, Lincoln Road, Bayside, basically everywhere. And all it cost us was $1.50 each!! We never felt threatened, actually the locals were very courteous and stood up for me to sit down.As tourists, naturally we went on the Duck Tour, which we really enjoyed - and yes we caught the bus there too!We took the opportunity to travel down the Florida Keys to Key West from Miami. We went by Greyhound bus, which took just 4 hours, and yes again much cheaper than hiring a car.We decide to have a security box, which we arranged with reception completely free.We came back to Miami Beach Resort for just one more night before we flew to New York, and again our room was clean and non smelly. Checking in and out again was quick and easy with smiling staff. We also saw the Salsa conference along with the Litino Aids conference, and caused us no problems whatsoever!! People just having a great time and bothering no one else.I've been called fussy in my time - but I would recommend this to any nationality. I can only speak as I find.Enjoy the Pina Colada's at the Beach bar - yummy with more than enough alcohol.  
<Date>Aug 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>clodbologna
<Content>gret hotel and cheap! We stayed in the hotel for a week, two families with children. The rooms were large and clean, a lot of space in the cabinet. The pool is very nice and every hour or so they give you a fruit snack or something else. The pool is open to the beach, not a very large one , but clean and quiet. The snack bar at the pool is ideal for dinner and not very expensive. Everyone is very kind. The Hotel is a little far from Ocean Drive, but this is good if you have children. Great vacation and cheap!  
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>hb1129
<Content>Overpriced and Disappointing Pool       Ocean view room on 17th floor, you can kind of see the metal waste-high "fence".  
<Date>Aug 9, 2008
<Rating>3	2	3	4	3	2	3	1	

<Author>sammy040_8
<Content>Never Again!! My best friend and I travelled to Miami to celebrate our 40th Birthdays. After looking at various hotels we decided to book with the Miami Beach Resort and Spa, the website sold it to us we couldn't wait to get there and bask in the luxury that was promised.Things started to go wrong when the nigt before checking into the hotel I spent over 2 hours trying to get through to the hotel, I had to finally speak to British Airways, who I booked through, to check the hotel was open for business. They were able to get through to the hotels reservations department who advised that the hotel was probably busy so that was why no-one was answering the phones. This was my first clue that things were not going to go well!Upon arrival at the hotel my first impression was that back in the day this hotel must have been fabulous but it now looked ,old and dated, in obvious need of a facelift. So as not to bore you I will just list the issues that I had we the hotel:-1.The room was filthy, the carpets had never been vacumed, the sheets on the beds had rips in.2. I had to ask the cleaner to change the sheets on the bed3. No one answered the phone when you called reception we had to go down and speak to them in person4.We had to ask for the key to the mini bar5. They did not have a bottle opener and gave us direction s to go to Walgreens to buy one6. When I asked the cleaners to remove the dirty wine glasses that had been in my room for 2 days! She told me it was not her job and walked away!!7.Ironing board collapsed- the leg snapped in half. When I asked for a new one I arrived back at the hotel to find a new one still wrapped in plastic that I had to spend 10 minutes trying to unwrap and open8. The pool was dirty, we didn't get in it once!9. We asked for champagne glasses, the lady and gentleman at reception did not know the difference between a wine glass and a champagne glass, so WE HAD TO DRAW THEM A PICTURE!! They then presented us with one champagne glass and one martini glass as they had run out of champagnes glasses( there had been a wedding the night before and they had obviously not yet washed the glasses ) so we drank our 12 year old bottle of Dom Perignon champagne that my friend had saved for her 40th Birthday from a champagne and martini glass!10. We were given mis-information by the concierge about the 1 day criuse to the Bahamas and so ended up $95 out of pocketAll in all it was a nightmare, the attitude of the staff only made matters worse, they were obviously very understaffed and the staff that were there just didn't seem to care, they had obviously heard it all before. When i finally manged to speak to the manager when we checked out, he offered us a complimentary breakfast ( which surprisingly wasn't bad) and 2 free nights stay to go back there next year!! (lol) Why on earth would we want to do that!!!If you decide to go to this hotel then please do not have any high expectations, in fact go somewhere else..  
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>NJ_Trekker
<Content>Horrible Experience!! I had several problems from the day I arrived at this hotel. 1)The rate that I was given over the phone was not honored 2) I rented two rooms  had asked for ajoining rooms, which again was not honored 3)One of the rooms was not available until 5p.m., well after check in time 4)One of the rooms had a slow draining sink and the other had a constantly running toilet, both of which were reported to housekeeping  never resolved in our 8 day stay 5)The ice machine on our floor was inop for several days  we had to go to the other floors for ice 6)Housekeeping did not clean the room propely each day (Cleaning personnel even left bottles of cleaners in our room, as if they had been in a hurry to leave)7)-The coffee/tea amenities were not filled everyday, as adverstised 8)We were given problems if we had the cooler at the poolside, even if we had just comed from the beach  didn't want to go all the way to our room to be drop off the cooler 9)On the last couple of days of our stay our keys were de magnetized  someone from our party went to the front desk  was told that he was a liar by the staff since his name didn't appear on the reservation (it was under my name and the staff memeber got into a yelling match instead of being helpful and resolving the problem) Horrible experience...We will never stay here again, not to mention the half hour I had to wait each day for the valet to get my car, I should have been paid the $22 a day for the amount of time I spent from my vacation on this. HORRIBLE!!!  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>Magna71
<Content>Check in early or you might not get a room!!! If you will be staying at this hotel for an event that is booked there - ARRIVE EARLY OR THEY WILL SELL YOUR ROOM TO A HIGHER BIDDER. Either that or they will overbook by 40 rooms, therefore even though you reserve in advance and give the hotel your confirmation number - you won't have a room. I stayed there for a salsa event last weekend and they shipped me to a Howard Johnson in the ghetto for one night. The place was a run-down, roach motel. They told me that it would be free which I was ok with (even though it was 40 BLOCKS AWAY!!!) until I walked into the hotel. It even smelled raunchy. If a hotel is guilty of over booking then they should be sending their patrons to a hotel of similar quality.I have stayed there before and the place itself is good. But if you are there for an event, you better cross your fingers or check in early just to make sure you have a room.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZoeBradley
<Content>Will never stay here again...EVER In Miami for the first time for a wedding. The bride suggested this hotel as a more reasonably priced option for accomodations. I will NEVER come here again and even considered changing hotels. However, since we were in town for only 3 nights, with most time spent with family and friends for wedding activities decided not to. Especially since we'd have to pay rack rates anywhere else with such last minute notice.PROS: - Close to the wedding ceremony and reception location- Cheap (you totally get what you pay for though)- Food wasn't too bad. We had breakfast one morning and lunch at the Seabreeze cafeCONS:- Quite remote. No place to even walk to if you wanted a cup of coffee or snack elsewhere. We had to eat at the hotel or jump in a cab to go to Lincoln road or Ocean drive. Cab cost us around $15 each way- Horrible service. After long delays getting in we finally arrived exhausted around 10:30pm. At least 5 staff members watched me try to drag my heavy suitcase upstairs to the reception area. Only when I got to the top did they ask me if I needed help with the bags. Generally, found the staff to be very aloof and not at all helpful.- Accomodations were appalling. The room needed major renovations. The carpet was filthy and the bed was hardly inviting at all. Seriously, the worst pillows I've ever slept on - old and flat. Mattress was hard as a rock. Bathroom was dark and dank and the sink and tiles needed replacing.- Pool was old and dated. Didn't even want to jump in with my swimsuit or even laze out by the pool.Even though we saved some money at this place, it totally wasn't worth it. I felt stressed and uncomfortable the entire time I was there - didn't feel like it was a vacation at all.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Hejnas
<Content>A Severe Letdown Upon arrival, I felt that the valets weren't very helpful or friendly, just there to do the bare minimum. The lobby area is gorgeous with Marble and wonderful decorations. Then we got in the elevators which are very old, unstable, shakey, and some grease managed to get on the door on the inside of the elevator. Then when we got off the elevator at our FIRST room, there was a strong, musty smell. After getting in our room, which was quite outdated, we could only take so much of the smell. It was strong of Mildew as if a pipe had burst and was never cleaned properly. We went to the front desk to voice our problem in which we were put into another room. We decided to take our own luggage to that room only to find that when we got into it, there was no comforter on the bed, the chair was much older than the other and had several rips in it. The bed had no bedding on it, the padding on the iron was barely dangling on as if it had been ripped off and then just tossed back on. So we went back down to the front and once again voiced our problems. Our third room was decent, except for the lack of a comforter and chipping paint so we decided to take that one. BEWARE of the sauna in the gym because the metal nails are exposed (either wood nails should have been used or nailed/screwed from the bottom up) and needless to say both my girlfriend and I burnt ourselves. The gym was nice, with 2 stories. We then jumped in the pool only to find gum in there, part of someones weave at the bottom, and a huge rust stain on the side of the pool. Now all they have to do is drain the pool, sand and spackle, a 2 day job at most. We also looked at the building itself from the outside only to notice how old it looked and how there was rust all over the place. So that night we went back after dinner(off site) and went right to bed. I didn't look at the sheets to see the yellow stains that I discovered the following morning. Then when I went to take a shower the drain was clogged. So I called down to have both problems resolved. A few minutes later 5 workers entered the room 2 for the bathroom, 2 for the bed and a supervisor. As I pointed the stains to the housekeeper, they both looked at me like i was crazy. So then they cleared the bed and began to put on new sheets. When my girlfriend pointed out that there were the same yellow stains on the new sheets, the housekeepers both sighed deeply as if it were a hassle to do their job, cleared the bed and put other sheets on the bed. The entire time they were speaking in a different language, possibly and alternative dialect of Spanish and the whole conversation was quite loud and we both felt was aimed at us as we sat in the chair watching television. We dined at the breakfast place at the bottom by the pool which was quite nice and the service was good in that area. The wedding reception for my friend was nice, i like the setup they had on the top floor. The food was quite good and the view and room were quite nice. The next morning we woke up and called down for a late check out of noon which we were granted. Minutes later there was a housekeeper knocking at the door. As we tried to explain to her several times that we had a late checkout, she was quite rude and not understanding of the situation. When we left breifly to return my tuxedo down the hall to my friends room, the housekeeper was almost right outside our room, waiting. She immediately asked if we were checking out and once again we told her not until noon. We returned the tuxedo and then as we walked back down the hall she basically just watched us. We felt quite uncomfortable, packed our items and then left immediately. Now we explained all of this and we had some things credited back to us and then one of the ladies at the front desk asked us if we were used to staying at 5 star properties and not 3 stars. I told her that I work in the industry and that we have stayed at all kinds of hotels. She then just gave us an odd look and continued to do her work. I understand that they are not a 5 star property, but most of these things are unacceptable, I wouldn't have tolerated it there, just like I wouldn't tolerate it at my own job, or at a Homewood suites, or a Fairfield Inn, or a Motel 6. This is not a 3 star resort, maybe a 2....maybe. It has a great location by the beach in a good area of Miami but the hotel and most of the service is pitiful. It has so much potential just due to the location. If a company were willing to pay to refurbish, repair, partially restaff, reorganize and redecorate, they would have a gold mine.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	3	2	1	

<Author>Floater08
<Content>Great place to relax       hotel from collins avenue  
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	4	3	

<Author>Seetheworld00
<Content>What Happened???!?? OK. I am an avid trip advisor reader. I always read reviews from this website before I stay anywhere. Even if I have been to the hotel before. I like to stay abreast of the situation. Things change you know? Anyways I stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa when it was actually the Wyndham Resort and Spa a few years back. Back then they were giving you free wine and cheese in your room when you check in. It was much cleaner. Over the years new owners took over and the hotel became the Miami Beach Resort Spa. It was then things changed. Overall the outside decor of the hotel as well as the lobby area looks lavish and inviting. I will attach pictures later. But when you get upstairs to the rooms, they are a bit disappointing. The color scheme is not very inviting. The first couple of times I stayed in a standard double bed room and was OK with the results. This year, I rented a Junior Suite with two double beds. the junior suite was an exact replica of the standard room for the exception of a teensy bit more space for a sofa and a coffee table. It didnt remind me of a suite at all. Not to mention we did not get the double beds we asked for. We got one king sized bed. It was four women in a junior suite with one king sized bed, and a pull out sofa. Lets be real. In some hotels the bathroom sink and vanity area is separate from the bath and shower area. In this suite, the bathroom was all in one. Meaning if you closed the door for privacy everyone else would have to wait for you to finish out the bathroom in order to maybe use the sink to brush your teeth or wash your face. Remember, I shared this suite with four women. I shudder to see what the penthouse suite looks like. Moving on. When we [--] and moaned to the front desk about our meager accommodations they offered us two roll-a-way beds free of charge and a free day of a complimentary buffet breakfast at the hotel's hibiscus restaurant on the lower level. Now the buffet is 19.99 per person. It was good I will not lie. But 20.00 for a buffet breakfast? A little steep. Furthermore I think we should've gotten breakfast for free our entire stay seeing as how we were inconvenienced. But that didn't happen. The management team told us that double beds are not guaranteed. So I asked him. Why would the reservation specialist ask me what kind of beds we wanted if it wasn't guaranteed? Eric ( was his name) told me that they don't guarantee the bed type and that it's just a courtesy to the customer, to be asked as a preference. A preference? Isn't preference what you want? And doesn't a person asking you what your preference is constitute you getting what you want? I don't know, that sounded like a crock of [--] to me. Moving on. We had to suffer with the roll-a-way beds and make due. Everything you order at this hotel is stamped with an 18% service charge. That's fine. Most hotel's do this. However, if I am going to pay 18% for you to pour me a glass of orange juice then disappear after that, I am at some point going to feel jerked around. This is what happens at the buffet breakfast. The waiters automatically charge an 18% service charge to your bill because they bring you coffee, tea, or water, which is included in the buffet price. So why do we need them to pour our beverages? It adds an air of elegance I suppose. However after you get your beveraged poured for you for 18% extra charge added to your bill, they disappear into the kitchen and you never see them again until you are ready to leave. Fascinating stuff huh? Trust me, everything I am writing is not biased. THis is nothing but the truth. Moving on. The pool area is sufficient. However, I would have preferred they clean it at some point during our 4 night stay. They did not. So if a child pissed in the pool, someone had snot nosed boogers floating around in the pool, you got it on you. I was not pleased with that. Pools should be sparkling and clean. After a couple of days, this pool was a bit murky which meant it needed to be cleaned. A shower afterwards is a must. The chairs around the pool were sufficient as were towels. I was completely satisfied with the cabana by the pool and the employees that worked there. They went out of there way to make sure we were accommodated. They also gave us free refills on all carbonated soda beverages. The beach water in Miami is always beautiful to look at if you are like me from New York, and all the water here looks gray. However, there are thousands of rocks in this water near the shore so pls be careful. I scraped my feet dozens of times. If you want to rent a jet ski it was 75 for one person 80.00 for two people for a half hour ride. Not bad, but once you get on not nearly enough time. Once you get over your fear of all that open water you start having fun and its time to come back to shore. Recommend an hour. However the price is like 150.00. Way too expensive. If you travel to another beach in Florida,close by you can find a better deal. Getting back to the hotel. It's right on the beach so once you walk past the pool area, you are on the beach. Housekeeping was very efficient in bringing us what we asked for in a timely fashion. They were also very nice and did so with a smile. Never order food from the menus placed in your room. The food from these outside places suck and you never know what you will get when they deliver. TRUST ME! Never buy anything from the hotel gift shop, They overcharge for the simplest of items. Just go down the street to the Walgreens or CVS and save some money. The guys that take your bags to your room are nice enough. Although be prepared to tip because they will stand and wait for it. We hated our room, but all other features of the hotel were satisfactory. This was our third time staying here, and this was the worse visit we had thus far.The last two times our rooms were spotless for standard booking. We were terribly disappointed with the junior suite. Don't get sucked in to reserve this type of room. We won't be staying here again. I think a hotel review should comprise mainly of how you felt about the room you stayed in. Overall we were not happy. One more positive I can say about the hotel is the location. It's about 10-15 minutes away from South Beach nightlife so if you want to relax and max out with out all the fuss, this is a great location for some true peace and quiet. I will be heading off to Cancun next, to review another hotel. Stay tuned and I will let you know what to expect! Safe Travels! LaToya  
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	4	3	

<Author>travelsalot2345
<Content>Great Honeymoon getaway I looked all over for a hotel and saw so many bad reviews of all hotels online. Anyway, my new husband and I wanted to spend a couple extra days in Miami after our honeymoon cruise. We chose this hotel b/c it was away from the noise of southbeach (40 minute walk, $10 cab). We were very very pleased. It has a great pool (24 hours a day with free towels) and beach access. The bar outback is nice too. Also, if you don't want internet, you are not charged for it like a lot of other places do. The concierge desk was very helpful as well. Also, our room was the exact one pictured on the website. We got the Junior? suite for 169/night and it was huge...w/ ~four closets. I would definitely recommend this if you want to find a nice hotel near everything, but quiet and with beach access. (we stayed 3 nights)  
<Date>Jun 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>weekendtrips4me
<Content>Nice Hotel, Friendly Staff I stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa for my birthday with my Husband and 2 year old son. The lobby was beautifully decorated. Check in was fast, easy and accommodating. Concierge was very helpful as well. The pool area had plenty of lounge chairs and had a kiddie pool for the little ones. The beach was just off the pool area which was very fun. The room had a great view and was spacious.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dorasclone
<Content>2 class hotel with 4 star service       view from window  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>goosegoose1
<Content>Mixed results Our experience was really a mixed bag. Check-in started off fine - the initial impression of the outside and the lobby is very good. The rooms, however, are VERY tired. We had a problem getting a suitable room - our original suite had the wrong bed type, so we spent some time trying to find an alternative. The agent that helped us was very helpful, but I had to suggest the possible solutions to him. If I hadn't worked in hotels for 16 years, I might not have known what to ask. In the process, we saw 2 other rooms - worn furniture, an outlet cover dangling from the wall, dirty carpet, etc.Housekeeping as a whole seems to suffer. Some crumbs that my son dropped on the floor after check-in on Thursday were still there on Sunday. I had to carefully police my youngest poolside as she kept finding used straws and cigarette butts. And this was first thing in the morning, when you would think the trash would not have had time to accumulate yet.The front desk and driveway were overwhelmed at times as the hotel was very busy. Just an observation - this can happen at any hotel really.Room service - we used it for breakfast all 3 mornings. Food on days 1 and 2 was excellent. On day 3, the potatoes were not fresh at all. We ordered the same thing all 3 days. Time to receive food and come pick up the table was very good. The servers were all very nice and professional as well.The blackberry mojitos at the bar are awesome!The pool itself is very nice, and the kiddie pool is nice for families. You are also very close to the beach, which was nice and clean, though not maintained by the hotel.The hotel was a Wyndham, which then turned into a LXR resort, whose parent company is now in the process of merging with Hilton. I think through all this upheaval, things are taking some time to get into place. Hopefully, the rooms will be renovated or at least touched up soon.  
<Date>Jun 10, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>mleethor
<Content>Just OKAY I too was horrified when I booked this hotel and then read the reviews a week later. I just recently stayed at this hotel and thanks to the reviews, I anticipated some of the concerns. Sadly, the concerns are real. However, for the price, the hotel is descent. It was a ok place to stay but was definitely not a RESORT! If you are looking for a resort, go elsewhere.PROS: - Close to the beach- Nice pool- the lobby is beautiful- the bell boys were very helpful and courteous EVERYTIME- the floor to ceiling windows were nice - nice location, away from the madness of South Beach which allowed the beach to feel much more secludedCONS:- the rooms need to be UPDATED - it had pink walls with black and white tiles- ridiculous fees (beware of the additional 17% gratuity that is automatically added to your bill - I ordered 2 cups of house coffee for a total of $12 AND if you do not return your towel cards at check out you will be charged $15 per card!)- The umbrellas and the chairs by the beach are for rent, not provided by the hotel ($15 for umbrella and $5 per chair)- The concierge was not helpful and could not understand some simple questions, apparently room service is not available as stated in the hotel book- nothing nearby besides a homes across the bay. I landed at 11pm and when I inquired about vending machines for water, I was told they do not have one. The only place I could get water or anything else was from the mini-bar - for a fee of course. So I walked 8 blocks to the CVS down the street and bought water.- there was a one inch gap between the door and the floor, therefore noise easily traveled in and out of the room (made it hard to sleep- given we were near the elevator)  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>Delboy
<Content>Miami Beach resort  Having read many reviews on this website regarding this hotel it was with some trepidation that we stayed there. We stayed for three nights to celebrate our pearl weddding anniversary preceeding a cruise to the Caribbean.The hotel staff are freindly and helpfulThe room was spacious and clean with a super twin aspect, with floor to ceiling windowsThe sea was warm and clean and the pool likewise.The occasional bringing of cold flannels to the poolside along with small cold juice drinks pro gratis was a nice touch.The restaurant was a bit iffy as they served dinner with sauces missing. The three wines chosen were out of stock. But the actual food was ok but priceyPool Towels are provided and the lady carrying out room service cannot read the do not disturb sign!But really do not worry we thought this hotel was fine  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>cabral85
<Content>Not as bad as the reviews, trust me!       Pool  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>STEVESKI07
<Content>Excellent Stay, Would Stay Again! The lobby was very nice. The restaurants were very good, a little expensive, but it's vacation...what do you expect? The room was a little dated, but you dont go to Miami Beach to sit in your room. We did have a small problem with our shower as soon as we got to the room. The light over the shower was out and the drain wasn't working properly. We called and they came up and fixed both problems within 10 minutes. The pool was very nice and the bar by the pool made good drinks. We even got massages at the spa there and they were very good and reasonably priced. If you're going to Miami Beach to enjoy the weather and have a nice relaxing vacation, I'd recommend this place. If your very nitpicky and the room has to look brand new and spotless clean, then maybe you should keep looking.  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>cleanteam
<Content>good place for the money We stayed for three nights. We didnt have a car so we took a cab when we went anywhere. The staff was great. The room was clean. The pool was nice and big. We could have spent alot more on a place to stay and I think we would have had the same type of room/location/ect.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>homeofjr
<Content>Great hotel, great experience. We had a great time. We had seen some negative reviews before going, but most of them seemed to be from Spring breakers who were unhappy that the hotel doesn't sit in the middle of Southbeach's club district. We thought the hotel was great. Close enough to Southbeach to take a quick drive down there, and far enough away to give some seclusion. Beautiful old style hotel... not unlike some we've stayed in in Europe. Very good service, good food, nice pool deck, sits right on the beach, and only about 2 blocks from the boardwalk. We highly recommend it, and we'll be back.  
<Date>May 13, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelprincess2008
<Content>Please Don't Make This "Motel" An Option!! I could not wait to get to a computer to advise fellow travelers to stay away. All the negative reviews are the truth. I wasn't a believer of the negative remarks because I believe you can't make everyone happy. But unfortunately I learned the hard way. I wasted my time booking this motel trying to think positive. As I entered the motel the bell boys are arguing about who was going to assist in getting my luggage. Then as I proceeded in walking into the motel the lobby smelled like strong mildew. I tried to check-in but couldn't because one of the two rooms I booked was dirty. That is exactly how the front desk phrased it, dirty. My girlfriends and I planned an all girls trip to miami beach and needed the two rooms as there was 4 of us in total. So we decided to take a look at their junior suite. I could not believe my eyes. The bed looks old and the mattresses looked even older. The closets were not your normal hotel closets.It looked like it came directly from IKEA. This is supposedly a 3 star resort hotel not 1and a half star motel. The carpet looked dirty and again it smells. The so called view that we had was of the roof of another building.The hallways are dark and gloomy and I place great emphasis on the fact the hotel smells. Before I could make it back down to the lobby I called 1-800-Marroitt and made reservation to stay somewhere else. I went down to the lobby to cancel my reservations and I guess by the look on my face there was no questions asked nor did I incurr cancellation fees. The only thing I ask of fellow travelers is to definately read the reviews and weight the pros and the cons. This motel has an abundance of bad reviews. There a hundreds of other places to stay in miami. Don't make Miami Beach Resort  Spa even an option.  
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jaymanek
<Content>Great Hotel Not Luxury Though Well I booked this hotel as a final stop on our honeymoon.. I have just checked out and am writing this as i wait for my taxi...We spent four days here after touring brazil  argentina. We stayed at 5* hotels all the way. I didnt book a 5* in miami as i knew we would be out most of the time and didnt want to waste cash for no reason.When i booked in jan08 most of the reviews were positive on this site. When i logged on from brazil the night before arrival, i was shaking in my boots... was very nervous at what we might find... This is our honeymoon after all!So when we arived at 4am, no one was around, the place was a ghost town.. but what did i expect... Finally got checked in..I went around the room carefully after reading some of the comments on here.There was one little hair in the bathroom but thats all. The place was very clean.The bed is fun for jumping around on but not so good for my back which is hurting a little after 4 nightsThe hotel has fantastic facilities. The breakfast is the best we had on our entire trip, but that maynot be saying much as the 5* hotels in south america tend to stick to continental..We ate a lot at the $19.95 buffet and then were good for the whole day.The pool area is excellent with the beach right there. Water is clear and blue! The pool area has good entertainment at weekends.Like i said we were out a lot, but the hotel had a lot to offer for those who just want to stay by the pool all day.The hotel is huge and is very very busy... people around all the time and guests that we talked to were very happy with the place.Staff are very courteous and helpful.Its a little further than we thought from south beach.. but we are english and the pound is strong so didnt mind the $12 cab fares to ocean drive or lincoln rd...Overall hotel is NOT luxury as it makes out... But is a nice hotel with good sized rooms and good ameneities.We would stay here again if we had kids or just wanted to relax on the gorgeous beach... But if just us two were coming again we would probably be going to the loews or one of the other top hotels.Dont discount it based on the other reviews though as its a good place and we enjoyed it here..Thanks and hope this helps..  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RollTide05
<Content>Poor Poor Miami Beach Resort and Spa! We booked our reservations with the resort in December for our vacation/conference in April. We had no problems with the booking agents and were actually looking forward to our trip! Counting down months turned to weeks until finally we counted down days. Being so close to our travel date, we decided to call the resort with some last minute questions and spa reservations and were given clear, positive responses. 2 or 3 days before our travel we decided to search for reviews of the resort. Stomach churning was the best way to describe our feelings after reading the reviews on this site. With too little time to cancel and re-book, we prepared ourselves for the worst. When we arrived in Miami, we drove past restaurants and beautiful resorts on Collins Ave. As we continued to drive, we noticed the restaurants diminished and the resorts began to look aged. We pulled up to the MBRS and were not overly impressed with its outward appearance, but were not horrified as so many reviewers seemed to be. The bellmen were helpful, and persistent despite telling them I could manage my bags (being prepared for the worst of course, I wanted to hold tight to my personal possessions just in case) and the person behind the check in counter was a young and somewhat unprofessional gentleman. We got our room keys, towel cards (more on that later) and mini bar keys and headed to our room. My husband and I held our breath when the elevator door opened and we walked to the room. The door opened into a hallway where you could see the bed, a desk and one very large window. Around the corner was the television and a sitting chair and another large window. Behind the front door was a very tiny, very dark and very dated bathroom. The picture on their site, no way! Not the same at all. Many of the pictures on the site give it way more credit than deserved. There was quite a bit of hair to be found throughout, (none of which was mine, different color and all) on the floor, in the tub and on some of our towels. The furnishings were hands down dated and out of style. You could tell many a wet behind had sat on the armchair and the carpet was kind of gross. The bed linens are in need of replacing and the mattress, well bad backs are not soothed here. Shoes are recommended throughout. Our view was interesting. We could see part of the bay, part of the beach and a lot of the resort next door under construction. It was very noisy and very unattractive, but what can you do? Overall the room was eclectic, the storage was great, the decor was fascinating, especially the gigantic door pulls but it needs some modernizing. The room doors are very heavy so you can hear slamming quite frequently. It is not a good hotel for an afternoon siesta. Housekeeping will likely not leave you alone despite the Privacy Please sign. We ventured to the pool area and found it decently equipped. Cushions and chairs were readily available, although by the afternoon only about 10 chairs were in the sun and the rest were in the shade for the rest of the day. The towels were given out in exchange for a towel card which if you lost it or the towel you were forced to pay $15. I would not have stolen the towel if it was the last towel on earth. It was very thin, worn around the edges and only good enough to dry of your big toe. We bought another one at CVS to get me through the week. The amenities at the pool were nice, small juice sample and cold washcloth in the morning, bar snack mix in the afternoon. We ate 3 meals on our own at the resort during our 5 day stay and found the food decent, but the price a little inflated. Our service was excellent, the staff made an effort to strike up conversation and remembered us when we returned. Try the key lime pie, you won't be sorry. Breakfast is expensive, dinner and drinks are expensive, bottom line. When we did eat out, we got great recommendations from the concierges Luis and Eduardo and we rarely had to wait for a taxi outside. The bellmen were really good. We did rent a car for 2 days but ended up taking it back because it was not worth the $22 a day valet charge with all of the other resort charges. Some of the additional charges included internet, whether you paid $10 for wireless in your room or $5.00 + $0.30/minute in the business center it wasn't free, $5 for a chair and $15 for an umbrella on the beach, 18% gratuity everywhere, a daily resort fee, and $20 mini bar removal charge (keep it locked, not worth it to move). It was hard being so far from other restaurants and the taxi fares are not cheap. All in all, my husband and I had a good trip. We were worried, with some good reason, but we tried to see past it. For what we paid and for the location, give me a pool and the beach and I am happy, we were okay with it. We will definitely look for other resorts, if we go back to Miami, but it has character and some interesting quirks. We felt taken care of and were provided with a decent place to stay. If you go, be open minded and as another reviewer mentioned, if you want to be in the lap of luxury go somewhere else. If you want to have the best of the best, this is not it. But if you want a safe, mostly quiet, and eclectic hotel, stay here.  
<Date>Apr 13, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	1	3	3	4	1	

<Author>calcoffee
<Content>Luxury Price/ Moderate Accomadations Went for a conference for work. Although my employer paid for the rooms, I don't believe the price was worth it. The decorative pillows on the bed were filthy. I put them on the floor. My room was painted yellow, but you could see that it had been painted over a pink wall. The bistro restaurant had a very limited menu, and it was sooo expensive ($25 for chicken and vegies). This hotel does not offer a shuttle of any kind, like many of the other hotels in the area. It is not within walking distance to anything. The worst part of the trip was leaving my brand new designer shades in the room, and calling the hotel after check-out only to have them tell me they were not in the room. Security said they would look into it...yeah right!! Who cleaned the room? How hard can it be?  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	1	3	2	-1	

<Author>simonthecellar
<Content>deluxe in 1965 We stayed here as guests at a wedding. The front desk could not get us the king, nonsmoking room we requested. After a lengthy wait, we were told we had been upgraded. The view of our room was lovely, but if this was an upgraped room, I can't imagine how awful a regular room would have been. The furnishings are dated and tired, the lighting in the bathroom was so poor we could have used miners' hats to help us shower, and the walls were chipped and dirty. The service during the wedding meals was awful and the staff broke so many plates we were worried they would run out! The wait staff kept trying to remove full beverage glasses during the meal and communication with the staff was not easy.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>xio26
<Content>Half good-Half bad I booked thru hotwire, which I always use and never have had a problem. Since you do not know where you are staying I could not check until after I was already booked. The reviews here are terrifying. When I arrived they could not find my reservation, it took them 45 minutes. I had to call hotwire twice, they finally said we have you in our reservation dept. but it's not yet in this system (the front desk) so I still had to wait. Mind you my two kids are screaming running around the freaking lobby acting like they never do. So I'm really aggravated, finally they say we have your reservation but now I have to find you a room. I was livid and hating myself for booking thru Hotwire. They also wanted me to give a $50.00 deposit which was refundable, when I asked where was that in writing the manager gave the nod to proceed. So I did not give a deposit.From what I read I thought the room was going to be disgusting and it wasn't. It was pretty decent for the price. The bathroom was updated, but the tile in the shower was filthy with grime. I wonder if they've heard of Tilex? The hotel overall needs an update, but it's not horrible. The pool area was great. My 4 year old loved the kiddy pool and it was good for me b-cuz I could sort of relax. The beach access was the reason we booked here. For the price staying on the beach seemed impossible for the high prices, so we booked at $89.What you need to take into consideration is the $22.00 parking. I thought it was bull to charge additionally. You are really paying $111.00 plus 10.00 resort fee plus tax.We are locals and took our kids for a Spring Break mini vacation, that's why we wanted pool and beach. For that purpose it worked. The restaurants are ridiculous in pricing; there is nothing in walking distance so research the places that deliver in the area before. If not you have to cab it or pay $22.00 again. The pool had music. They do not allow coolers or for you to eat anything that is not their food. If you have kids you know you need snacks. I refuse to pay $10.00 for a juice. We had to go eat at the beach and hide our coolers. The staff was alright, some made pervy remarks when I walked by in my bathing suit. I did not know if I should be flattered or insulted? Overall I don't think it was as bad as the other reviews. It has the plus of the beach access. They could work on the parking prices, cleanliness and food prices. They did have a kid鈥檚 breakfast menu which was sort of cheap. 4 mini pancakes for $3.00 that was good because we were worried about breakfast. The adults is stupid! $20.00 for eggs and ham and potatoes! Something cheap to entertain the kids it will work. Something nice classy chic it will not work. Good Luck!  
<Date>Apr 5, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	1	3	-1	

<Author>bripilot34
<Content>Decent Stay, But Not Overwhelmed       Pool area looking towards the beach  
<Date>Mar 30, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	3	4	2	

<Author>brooklynfinest
<Content>NO LUXURY-If anything a Motel 8 All the reviews were accurate; but I had to stay here because my friends got married here. For the $ that they were charging and listed as a luxury hotel-THEY HAVE A LOT OF NERVE! 1st you have to pay for parking (what hotel does that when you are lodging there); 2nd - Paying $10 per day for internet service. Again..what large luxury hotel does that? My room was filthy; I took a shower with my flip flops on and I was the lucky one out of my whole group (60 people). Every bridal party member was advised when they got to the hotel that their reservation had been cancelled - after the bride literally had a meltdown..all of sudden they found rooms. Who does this to a bride  groom who spends tons of $$ to get married here (besides the point that we are all from NY). Another note-DO NOT DISTURB on your door doesnt mean anything to the staff - every single day (and numerous times) they would knock on the door; but when you actually needed services - no one was around. I could understand..but way too expensive. In addition, once we arrived there..we realized that all of us were on a different rate when we all booked at the same timing; worse; 1 of my friends decided to stay here the last minute; called on Friday night; and literally got the best deal from everyone else. The fact that the bride had to deal with so much drama is so baffling to me. Another note, gratuity of 18% is automatically added - meaning even if you go up to the bar and ask for a drink - so obviously service at the pool bar was not so adequate..why should it be..when your tips are included..whether you do anything or not. One more thing...you have to pay $5 for a beach chair..DO NOT BOOK HERE....even if they are charging $50 a night. Another note, Friday evening I get back from dinner and see a large group of people; they had booked 7 rooms back in October of 2007 - they were advised that all of their rooms were cancelled..they wouldnt even give them 1 room; one more..of of my friends called 3 days before to confirm; in which they again told him his reservation was cancelled and only a $1400 suite was available; my friend desperate as he was decided to take the room for 1 night--when he arrived no room for him.but they had already charged his credit card for said amount; lastly, a couple woke up at 8AM to find a man looking at them while they were sleeping - there are no double side door locks if they decide to split up a suite and make it 2 rooms; another couple got a room with literally just a couch in the room (probably again a suite that they split up) - no pillow; no blankets; no sheets..just a couch; poor wife had to urinate in a garbage pail in the room.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	1	3	2	3	

<Author>dpatterson20
<Content>Alright not worth the money       Ocean from beach  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	2	1	3	4	-1	

<Author>lovetotravel4455
<Content>All-time worst I've stayed in a lot of hotels in my life - some better than others - bit this takes the cake. This was the dirtiest - most disgusting hotel I have ever stayed in. $600 per night - what a waste.Great location. This hotel must have been great back in the day when it was the Doral. The views were awesome - but you couldn't get past the crappy service, old, filthy accomodations, and staff that don't even speak (broken) english.Take a pass on this one.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>RUGRAD
<Content>Just okay Our wives sent three of us to Miami Beach for a guys weekend golf etc...the hotel is on the North Side of Miami Beach Pennisula...the Boat show had just ended (this may be a good hotel for boat show just for location)...we stayed in a suite which had two queen beds and pull out couch room was generally clean but very dated. Bathroom was passable for three guys but my wife would have complained.Pool area was passable we did not swim as it was too cold....ate breakfast at the restaurant and it was good food a bit expensive at $20 a piece.Bar was way overpriced $9 for a Corona....all bills include 18% gratuity.As others have noted there is nothing around except other hotels and high rise condos I have to think that there are as expensive or less expensive hotels closer to the Action of Miami Beach. There is a Publix supermarket a mile further North but otherwise you are stuck going hotel to hotel to go to restaurant or bar....  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>Frqttvler
<Content>Not worth the money I stayed at this hotel with a coworker while we were in Miami for a conference. The lobby is nice, and the restaurant was good. However, the room was highly disappointing, and the service was terrible. The cost was about $280 a night plus $22 per day for parking. Our room had two double sized beds with hard brick pillows and a stained thin bed sheet. The size of the room was half that of a Holiday Inn, and the stains on the drapes were offensive. Being on the 14th floor we expected good services. However, when we arrived to find a leaking toilet that would not flush, we found that the maintenance would not come and correct the situation. After calling numerous times, the following day a couple of men looked at the toilet, but did not fix it. We were later told by the manager that they needed a new bulb. They should have gotten a new bulb and fixed the toilet instead of leaving two girls in the room with out the use of the restroom. The door handle also fell off at one point. It was poorly fixed after numerous complaints again.The paint was peeling off the walls, not only in the room, but in the hallway. I have seen cheap Vegas hotels that are more presentable.We also had a problem with the mini-bar. We did not need it in the room, but there was a $20 charge to take it out. We decided to leave it in the room, but we never even unlocked the door. We decided to pay for the room the night before we left because we had a 6am flight. According to the hotel records, we had spent $43 in the mini-bar. The lady at the front desk told us to wait in our room, and she would send someone to check it out. So instead of enjoying what Miami had to offer, we were stuck in the hotel room all evening waiting for someone to come, who never did. Finally, after all we had to deal with we went to talk to the hotel manger. He was extremely unsympathetic. He did take off the mini-bar expenses, but just mad poor excuses for why the room was falling apart, and didn't even apologize to us for wasting our time waiting for his staff. I understand the high cost of the hotel was for the location. Nevertheless, our view was that of a construction site. We could see the ocean from a certain angle, but it wasn't worth what we paid. Furthermore, we weren't even able to enjoy the beach since we were constantly dealing with issues from the room.I would suggest that if someone wants to enjoy Miami Beach they need to either stay somewhere else along the shore, or drive in and pay the $22 parking. Even if you don't save money, you will save the headache staying in a sub par hotel with horrible service.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	3	1	1	1	

<Author>ekinsey
<Content>Not so great Hotel is okay at best. There is nothing around so if you want to eat or do anything outside of what the hotel has to offer you need to take a bus, cab or have your own car. Pool area is okay but not very well lit at night. I would not recommend this hotel unless you just wanted a place to sleep that is not as expensive as south beach hotels and are willing to put up with the hassel of getting back and an forth.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	1	3	3	3	2	

<Author>biztravelerCo
<Content>Not impressed, won't stay here again I stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa for a business trip in February of 2008. I was really excicted having stayed in this area before at the Fountainbleu. The Hotel has a nice lobby and the bell service is friendly. When I checked in the guy at the front desk informed me that they no longer take debit or business credit cards. Even though the room was pre paid and I was only using my card for incidentals. I didn't get a chance to verify the no business or debit card rule before I left, but I would suggest any business traveler double check the policy. The guest rooms are worn down and you have to pay for internet service ontop of the daily room rate. The locations is also not ideal for dining. There are no restaurants or bars in walking distance. It's about a $40 cab ride from the airport and about $15 each way to get to the restaurants in the SouthBeach area.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>dazzaManchester
<Content>loved miami beach resort and spa date:3rd and 4th of feb 2008reviewer:darrel from manchester england. Having read some bad reviews of this hotel we were very suprised when we arrived to find that the hotel was of a very high standard.We booked a standard room, but on arrival i asked if a sea view was available and was upgraded to a sea view junior suite at no extra cost.The room was very spacious with a large floor to ceiling window on two sides as this was a corner room, there was lots of storage space in the bedroom and a walk in wardrobe next to the bathroom,the bathroom was large and had two sinks.there was a large king size bed,a desk with internet access and two arm chairs.The hotels other facilities were excellant, the breakfast room was large with either a buffet style breakfast at $20 per person including service charge{ our choice} or you could have any items on the buffet at an individual cost.There was three shops on the same level as the breakfast room one of which sold coffee and pastry`s and bagel`s and the other two were clothes shops.The reception was spacious and grand and the staff very abliging, the resturant we did not use but they did bar meals or a full service resturant which did not seam overpriced, the bar was welcoming but not overpriced.The pool area was ver clean with sun beds and towels supplied free of charge, a nice touch was the pool staff came round with fruit juice and cold face towels mid morning, the only down side was the sun dissapeard behined the hotel next door at 1 o`clock, the pool bar sold snacks from 10 o`clock, there was direct access onto the beach were sun beds were available also.Overall our stay was excellant and we would recomend this hotel.  
<Date>Feb 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>got_the_travelbug_8
<Content>Great stay A great quality hotel and good value for money with the discounted rate available from Airline Network.We were given a choice of floors, and we selected the 14th, which looked one way out to sea and the other back into the city - breathtaking. The facilities are good, as is the food. Room service baked and decorated a cake especially for a surprise for my girlfriend, and the manager came up shortly afterwards to ensure everything was OK.Only drawback is that there is little in close proximity in terms of night-life and restaurants - though a cab ride can fix this, of course. For the luxurary and the price, it's a good trade-off.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>California1010
<Content>Beautiful Pool and Great Food! We took a romantic getaway to Miami Beach and were lucky to find the Miami Beach Resort and Spa. The hotel is beautiful particularly the lobby and pool.The rooms were very clean and nice and the service was vey consistent and pleasant. The pool was amazing and we loved the upper sun lounge deck where you had a great view of the beach and ocean. Daily we took nice walks on the beach which was easily accessible through the pool area. The hotel is located within walking distance of the shops and bars from the via the beach boardwalk.We highly recommend this hotel!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>LaSea
<Content>Great Staff, Great Food I stayed here in January and enjoyed lovely weather and the just right amount of crowd in the resort and beach area. As many, many of the reviews already state, the staff is friendly and attentive. I've been to A LOT of hotels, so this consistency of service was refreshing. As for the rooms, I think a lot of reviews on here confuse color and clean. The hotel will be going under needed rennovations, but this is more for comestic reasons: the rooms are clean, well-equipped (with A TON of closet space for some reason, haha), and conveniently located by the beach (most rooms with an ocean view, too). And since you're not going to be in the room all the time, I highly recommend the Bistro for dinner. If you decide on Room Service, treat yourself to one of the best Key Lime Pies I've tasted. But again, the room decor is not the main selling point.I feel that is a very important point to bring up although complaints about curtain colors are ridiculous. You need a place to sleep, a place to eat, and a staff that can accomodate you. The Miami Beach Resort and Spa has just those things.  
<Date>Feb 18, 2008
<Rating>5	3	3	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYTim
<Content>Avoid this dump What a dump. Complete choas when i arrived at 2pm. No rooms ready and i had to change for a meeting at 4pm. They assured me and the droves of others waiting that we would have rooms by 4pm -- LIARS. I made a huge fuss and at 4.30 I got my upgraded suite. Everything is old and faded -- rugs bedding, bathroom. For $250 per night I expected something a little above the Super 8 Motel but it was not to be. The price of food and drink is way above average $8 for a can of beer and 15 for a martini. I live in NYC and I dont pay those prices. If I ever come back to this conference, I shall certainly not stay here.  
<Date>Feb 12, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Max619
<Content>Grat Location ... Grat Food great location ... friendly staff ... clean rooms ... what else we want ...  
<Date>Feb 9, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>French_Gilou
<Content>The best choice if you stay at Miami Beach For me, it's the best choice If you stay at Miami Beach !Location is just perfect : in front of the ocean, in very quiet place, the hotel is only a few minutes away by car from exiting but bustle Lincoln or Ocean drive area ( there is also a bus stop opposite the hotel) Staff is really profesional : toughfull and quick to react at any time to help you to fix (almost ) any issue , I tried... at 1AM.....Spacious and light guest rooms are clean and perfectly maintained, ask one with Ocean view : it's amazing !Private beach and heated pool to relax.Great restaurants as well for a nice breakfast as for a dinner. Nothing compares .One point however : I would have appreciated a more easy way to carry our luggage from the street to the lobby.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>bublegum
<Content>Excellent Staff This was my second time staying at this hotel. I agree with the other reviews when they state that the rooms don't have the best decor, but their staff comprises of wonderful individuals who are eager to assist their customers in any way they can. The housekeeping service always had the room cleaned in time for when we returned to our rooms, even if it was a couple of hours later. They even followed up with us in the evening to make sure we were comfortable, had enough towels, or wanted some complimentary chocolates. The spa was great and the pool area was nice and spacious. I would recommend this hotel to all my family and friends.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	2	

<Author>richard_twelvetrees
<Content>Disappointing I am sad to say my family and I did not really love this place.Luckily the rest of Miami / Miami Beach did impress me and compensated for the issues I had with the hotel as a first time visitor. I am a sun lover - the x 2 sky scrapers that are now positioned to the side of this hotel basically steal the sun for what is about 2 hours each day. This is so disappointing. In my opinion this hotel will not survive, the staff look pretty cheesed off and the decor and general appearance of the hotel is tired and old.I think this was a great hotel about 15 years ago, before those two huge towers were errected and when the furnishings could be classed as new.Staff try hard, our check in was fine, the concierge is good, very knowledgable, some of the breakfast staff are also good.The valet parking is about the best thing - fast and only $20 per day, the only way to go in my opinion.The hotel is out of Southbeach on 49th, bearing mind the art deco district is 7th to 15th Avenue - you are a long way out - and the Lincoln area is also too far to walk.With this hotel you need to drive everywhere, if I were doing Miami Beach again I would not stay here, I would stay closer to the downtown area.  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	2	2	3	2	3	

<Author>vanillabeans
<Content>As bad as the reviews say I agree with all the other reviews that say how horrible the hotel is. It was built in the 50's? Renovated in the 90's and shows every wrinkle in between. They are supposedly going to go through renovations soon, but unless they gut the whole place it will just be lipstick on a pig. The room has an awkward layout that new paint and fixtures won't help.Management and staff did their best, but running a run down hotel has to be demoralizing and it showed. Our check-in took almost 45min and there were just five of us in line. The clerk just had a what can I do attitude.We ate at the restaurant that night (there was no where else to go nearby and we were too tired at that point to take a cab down to south beach). I ended up sending my New York strip back - it just tasted awful. I also asked about their mojitos which were supposedly the best and it was again awful.Long story short - my business associate and I ended up cutting our stay short and rather than an individual rooms at this hotel we shared a room at the Sagamore instead and were glad we did.  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>xaimaica
<Content>Never Again... I looked at other reviews on this property and I'm not sure what kool aid folks are drinking. I stayed at this hotel for three days and it was the worst of my life. First, I can't belive this is a LXR hotel, it's way old and in need of a massive rennovation. It may have been hip and cool in the 60's but not now. Granted they do have great views b/c of their location but the rooms have carpet that's old and grimy, everything has a patina (and not in a good way) on it, and you can see the wear and tear all throughout. My issues at the hotel also included: internet access was via a port that was located behind the bedstand, so any work on the computer was done on the bed...very uncomfortable. I ordered a pizza and had to go through three rounds before it was right...first time wrong toppings, second time ice cold in the middle, third time and 2 hours later finally right. I didn't find the staff friendly at all but a bit rude, I arrived and had to wait 5 min for someone to help me with my luggage even though it was obvious I needed help and had just gotten out of a taxi. The elevators...well hopefully you are not in a rush to go anywhere. They are as old as can be, slow as can be. On my last day there, I had to wait for 15 min to go upstairs and 15 min to come back down b/c they were slow and everyone was waiting for them. On my way down, we stopped at every single floor, which had folks who had also been waiting a long time but the elevators were full. On one good note, the beach is right there but I think I would have sacrificed a longer walk for a nicer hotel. In short if you want to go back in time and don't mind that things are rundown then I guess this is the place for you. I hear they are going to have a 50 million dollar rennovation and my comment to that would be...is that enough?  
<Date>Jan 26, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	2	1	1	

<Author>MrYu
<Content>Just horrible The place is a dump. The only reasons why it's called a resort are the exorbitant price, kitsch decor and pompous staff.The room keys didn't work, the bathroom door was completely broken, the air in the room was awfully stale and nothing could be done about it -- the windows are screwed shut. The beds were old, soft, squeaky and smelly, if you have back problems, definitely stay away. There was dust everywhere and you couldn't see the ocean because of the dirty windows.The staff was polite, but unhelpful; we've been lied to our face several times, in particular about late checkout availability (it's free until 2pm upon request).Valet parking is decent, but it is required, at $22/night. Pick a time when they are not busy, too. The valets will literally throw your luggage in the trunk of your car.Honestly, spending time in a well kept motel or a Holiday Inn Express at 1/8th the price would have been a much better deal overall.Stay out of Miami Beach in general -- the service and quality are pretty bad everywhere, both at hotels and restaurants. Instead, drive up to Ft. Lauderdale, there are much better properties there, which are less expensive and are located at the same beach and ocean.Miami Beach is the US capital of bad service and Miami Beach Resort and Spa is unquestionably one of the reasons why it is so.  
<Date>Jan 21, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	3	4	

<Author>iggyreeb
<Content>Not worth the price Just returned from 10 days at the resort. It was okay but not worth the money. $4200.00 for 10 days.The walls are paper thin and we could hear the 2 guys next door fighting all the time.we had a water view suite, which actually was 2 older rooms with an adjoining door and called it a suite. The view however was awesome.There are no safes in the room on safety deposit boxes located behind the front desk. It was really busy when we were there and the front desk always had a lineup so accessing your money was not the most convenient way but it worked.The pool is okay if you get a chair before 7:00 am. There is a extra balcony by the restaurant which I highly recommend trying to get a chair there as there is NO SUN after 1:30 by the pool due to 2 highrise condo buidlings next door. Even if you go to the beach when you get down there go to the right as the sun stays out the longest if you go farther past the 2 buildings.The locals will charge you 5.00/chair to sit on the beach but get there early as they did run out 1 day when I went to the beach after swimming in the pool. There are also jet skis for rent and they charge 70.00 for 1/2 hr.The breakfast was good but again expensive. Your normal basic plate - 2 eggs and meat, potatoes, toast was $11.00,the buffet was 19.00. Kids 12 and under are 1/2 price so that worked out for our 1 boy who loves to eat.Otherwise we spent New Years at the hotel and the meal was terrible. It was a buffet and was no good. We did not eat there again except for breakfast.Valet parking is 22.00/day. I recommend not renting a car and either taking the bus - which we did or a cab.If you are a Dolphins fan like I am do not go to Shula's steak house unless you bring alot of money with you. 2 adults and 2 kids and it was $330.00. OUCH!!!Feel free to contact me if you have any other questions.Lisa  
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>3	1	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>msbrandeel
<Content>BEWARE - Dont Stay!!!!! You will be robbed -literally!!!! We were robbed within an hour while at this hotel over $500.00 and the hotel did nothing - said it was NOT their responsibilty for the valet parkers yet it is REQUIRED for you to use the valet parking and be charged for the valet parking! We hadnt even been there one hour. The so called manager acted more like a hostess only shrugging every hour that we demanded they do something about our loss from valet having the keys to our vehicle and our personal belongings being stolen. No customer service skills whatsoever! Much less management skills. Almost all employees spoke very little english including the manager who just kept on shrugging. The worst part of being a victim was still being a victim from poor hotel service and management. Please do not stay in this hotel because if something goes wrong they will just shrug!!  
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>ruth64
<Content>big suprise we stayed for 4nights and it was 4 nights to many. we had justed come from the hilton in clearwaters which was also a four star. when we arrived it was valet parking at 11 dollars a day and it took 20 minutes for someone to come to take our car, when we walked in the front door it was beauitful, got our key and then had to wait 10 minutes for a lift as one had broke down. (with the 4 lifts working you still had to wait a while and there was no stairs) got to our room and it was a big dissapointment, it looked as though it hadn't been decorated within the last 20years, black and white square tile in the bathroom, blue painted over wallpaer and then looking out at a building site. this hotel is also in a bad location, advise to take a car, no shops within walking distances no resturants. a big let down would not go back. good points is that the hotel offer great day trips that pick you up outside the hotel and it is close to the great beach.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	1	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>sunnydayOntario
<Content>Okay stay We stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa hotel over the Christmas holiday. Overall, our experience at the hotel was decent. My family and I liked the size of our room even though it is slightly run-down. The staff was friendly. The swimming pool was heated, thereby making swimming quite a pleasant enjoyment even late in the afternoon when the weather turned cool. However, we found the valet parking fee of $22.00 per day quite expensive. We therefore did not tip any of the valet parking staff. We had a gut feeling that the staff was not happy because we did not tip them. At the same time, my wife and I felt strongly that having paid $22.00 per day should not warrant any further tipping, especially when we did not have a choice of self-parking!!! The lobby of the hotel also had a strong, unpleasant smell which really turned us off!! I think the management should do something to get rid of that smell.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	4	3	1	

<Author>AshLovesToTravel
<Content>Heck No       view from room  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	1	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>vegas14
<Content>Will go again!!! We stayed there for two nights. Place is beautiful with magnificent view of ocean. It was so peaceful to sit in the chair and watch the ocean. The room was ok..not too big not too small. One thing I must say is that this place has lots of hidden fee. when we booked hotel they said hotel has wi fi. What they didn't tell is that there is a fee of 10 dollar a day for it. THe parking was very expensive. I would advice to park in the public lot two block downs for a few dollars if you don't want to do vallet. It is well connected to south beach by Taxi as well.The food was good, we didnt' do much shopping. Overall we may go once more there.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	4	3	

<Author>beeniebalvo
<Content>Great Stay at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa       View of Beach from Room  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	3	5	5	5	3	

<Author>NewYorkPower
<Content>very happy very relaxing Stayed for 4 days, found the hotel clean and the staff was great very friendly. only 1 restaurant to eat at at night In hotel wasn't bad. But went to south beach for night life and dinner 2 out of 3 nights. Pool was ice cold so we never went in it either did most of the other guests. if you want to relax and kick back it's perfect place to stay. me and my wife both read books all day on the beach and had lunch at the seabreeze restaurant. I enjoyed my stay and would recomend it to friends. Only recomendation for the hotel would be a little tlc in around pool rest/bar area.  
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	3	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>PKUMAR
<Content>loved it at Miami Beach resort Really great stay at this resort! Great food and service! My room had the most gorgeous views which was incredible. The property will need a renovation soon but is great value for money. It definitely has a old world charm about it. Staff is down to earth and very friendly ....we where there last month with Microsoft but would love to go back for a vacation.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NewYorkMD
<Content>Hiden fees, unhelpful staff, far from shops/restaurants, rip-off! On top of the priceline price, they hit you with a 10 dls (plus tax) spa fee. The rooms are old, with failing lights, dark shower (poorly lighted), and with few wall plugs (for laptop, camara, cellphone, etc). Although the restaurant and bar staff are nice and helpful, I didn't agree with the automatically added 17% service. A sandwitch and 2 drinks at the pool bar added up to almost 40 dls. Upon departure, they charged for servibar items we didn't consume. When we brought it up to the front desk guy (an Indian male), he was dismissive, unhelpful and bordered on being rude. The hotel is pretty far from any shops/restaurants, and from the more touristy area in South Miami Beach. I will not stay in this hotel again, and I would not recommend it to anyone.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Dimebueno
<Content>Great staff! I was at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa last week for a conference held in the hotel and found the staff to be friendly and very helpful. I was particularly impressed with Rob, at the valet, who went out of his way to get me a taxi that accepted credit cards, since I didn't have cash on me and was gracious when I explained that I didn't have cash for a tip for him. I travel to Miami frequently on business and that type of service is not common. The conference facilities were great, as was the catered food. I did have a problem with the business center that had no staff on duty and substandard equipment and services.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kristine2378
<Content>Not what I expected Well we arrived with our hopes up that our stay at a 3 and a half star hotel would be a great experience. We stayed their for 5 days and 4 nights. Our room was a standard size room with a king bed. Room was ok bath needed some remodeling. My wife saw a roach the first night in the shower. We dont have roaches in our own house why should we put up with it while on vacation ?? Called the front desk immediatly spoke to a woman who stated that she was going to check for another room with a king size bed and would call us back. She didnt call back then after 2 calls she said that she had found a room for us. The room was 2 floors down and had 2 full size beds instead of a king. Called desk again and spoke to a male who apologized for her mistake and stated that their were no king size standard rooms available in the hotel call back tomm. Why didnt they tell us ? Next day my wife was told that we were going to be upgraded to a junior sweet on the 16th floor. Sounds great but the 16th floor is a smoking floor. Neither of us smokes why would we want to sleep in a smoking room ?? The smell was unbearable from the time we stept out of the elevator. Later the day they found us a king size regular room. Finally it was the 2nd day into our vacation and we could finally fully un-pack. Room service forgot to clean our room our final day there I guest thats there way of saying thank you come again ??  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	3	

<Author>UnsureMontreal
<Content>cancelled honeymoon! Bad start to our Honeymoon! Our travel agent used Hotels.com to book this hotel and they cancelled our reservation on us. It wasn't the hotels fault but they were not willing to provide any service or assistance. They didn't try to provide another room. They wouldn't let us use the phone. they didn't try to help us find out what happened to our reservation. Then when everything got straightened out, they gave us the wrong type of room. We had paid for an oceanview room and they stuck us on the side of the building facing a construction site. Finally we got the right room! Then we went to the beach and they wanted to charge us $25 for chairs that are directly in front of their hotel. On top of the $10 per day resort fee.And the pool bar makes the worst margaritas I have ever had and they have the nerve to charge $11 each for them!  
<Date>Oct 10, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>27866
<Content>Pleasant Stay Several of us chose to stay at the Miami Resort and Spa for a convention during May 2007. We all enjoyed our stay at Miami Resort and Spa, the rooms were awesome! Atmosphere all around was very pleasant and we will stay there again next year!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>beiftravels
<Content>Wonderful property, great location, great staff... My bf and I stayed here for labor day weekend and enjoyed our stay. We booked our trip on travelocity and it included a credit, which we used for things like room service, coffee shop, bar, etc.The staff was very helpful and friendly, the location was not far from south beach, especially if you are driving. There is also a bus you can take that will take you straight there. The beach behind the property was wonderful and convenient, especially if you were looking forward to jet skiing as I was.One slight problem we encountered was that we reserved a king size room, but there were none available the first night, but we were moved to a king size room the next day. As far as parking, valet will run you about $20 or so a night. There is a lot at about 46th  Collins run by Miami Beach that is $1 an hour during the day from about 8am-8pm. Its way more affordable to park in this lot and just walk the 2 blocks or so.Overall, had a great stay! I will be sure to return!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>charlie1977
<Content>Not impressed at all! In Irish brochures this hotel has a 4 star rating, I would give it a 2 star. We stayed here on our honeymoon and thankfully we only had a couple of days here after spending 10 days in Orlando.  We found the hotel to be old and like the previous reviewer said the bathroom is dated, toilet constantly clogged and the rooms need to be renovated. The walls are paper thin and after spending the first night beside the elevator shaft we were livid. We called reception numerous times the following morning and we were told we could not be moved, they weren't helpful at all. After tears from me my husband finally went down to speak to the Mgr and after practically begging her she finally moved us.  There are no shops, bars or restaurants in the vicinity, everything is a cab ride away. We ate in the restaurant the first night and its over priced and not that nice at all.  The staff on reception aren't that friendly, apart from Jose (I think). He was very pleasant and friendly to deal with. The bellboys were also very helpful.I would not go back to this hotel (even if it was for free) or recommend it to anyone. What a way to end our honeymoon!!  
<Date>Sep 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	-1	

<Author>atx_texas
<Content>GR8 PRICE -- Would stay at Miami Beach Resort and Spa again! My boyfriend and I just recently stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa from September 13 - 17th. At the time of booking, the hotel was running a promotion and depending on the number of nights you booked, you would get a credit. We used the $200 credit towards the three restaurants the hotel has on site and they were all good. Despite the mixed reviews on TripAdvisor, we decided to give this place a shot. I am really glad we did. The staff was very nice and friendly to us. We checked in early and checked out late and no additional fees were added to our credit card. I would definitely go back. The hot water in the shower did take a little long, but other than that, we were satisfied with our stay there. I didn't have a rental car so I didn't pay $22/night for valet parking, but was made aware of the $10 resort fees prior to booking so those were no surprise to us. Overall, the place was nice, clean and the staff was very nice and friendly. If you're on a budget and are looking for a decent place, the Miami Beach Resort and Spa is the place for you. The beach is just a few feet away from the hotel.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>benikana
<Content>OLD OLD room. OLD building. OLD and slow elevator. Just one or two people at the front desk for the entire hotel . The only nice place at this hotel is the pool area. lots of charges, $10 everyday (resort fee), $22 (parking). Don麓t pay more than $100 to stay there.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	4	5	3	1	2	2	

<Author>Mississauga-Chick
<Content>Location is great but not the hotel! I booked via phone and requested the special rate with credit. Despite the confirmation number, when I got there the clerk at check-in had no idea what I was talking about. Despite several requests and promises to resolve it, 2 weeks later (and back at home) it's still not resolved. So be careful when booking and confirm, confirm, confirm!The resort is older and the aging is apparent. The tub drain was slow, the toilet clogged, the walls were paper thin and there were some chipped , missing and aging tiles.There is construction on either side of the resort, so unless you're facing the ocean you have to deal with all the pleasantries of early morning construction.The snacks you pay for as part of your $10/day resort fee are nowhere to be seen and despite asking, we didn't get any, so bring your own as the snack bar, restaurant and tuck shop are overpriced and selection is limited.However, the pool is great and the beach is nice. Beach chairs are not provided but are available for $5/day. If you want a nice pool and good section of the beach, OK, but DON'T go expecting a top rate hotel, because this ISN'T it.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	1	3	-1	

<Author>Frenarena
<Content>Great place to stay on a budget! Read the previous reviews of the hotel and booked it a few weeks in advance. We got a superb rate and also a resort credit to use while we were there. Got in super late due to a delayed flight but had no problems checking in. If you have heavy bags be prepared to carry them up the grand stairs in front of the hotel- no ramps! We got a room on the 4th floor and although the hallway did not smell the greatest our room was fine. It was not one of the renovated one's and the decor was a bit outdated. Room was very spacious and had plenty of room to put our stuff and spread out. The only complaint would be the paper thin walls. We might as well have shared a room with our neighbors- they could hear us cough and we heard them screaming at each other at 3am. Other than that, the resort is spectacular. The pool area is great, the chairs are super comfortable. Beach access is steps away and the view is beautiful. We ate the buffet breakfast one morning in the dining room and it was outstanding. We also had drinks and snacks at the pool/beach bar and the service was great (drinks were a little weak.) All of the employees were very nice and always helpful. We called to book the reservation and asked about the location- they said we were a short walk from the South Beach craziness and restaurants-- not true. The resort is on Collins Ave but a good 10-15 blocks from South Beach and not a safe route to walk. A cab down to Ocean Blvd runs about 10-12 bucks so it's not bad, The only thing around the resort are condos and construction so there is nothing else close to the resort that you can walk to.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>PalmettoBayFamilyof4
<Content>Beautiful family orientated hotel in one of the best locations in Miami Beach Beautiful family orientated hotel in one of the best locations in Miami Beach. You definitely feel luxurious walking into the lobby. The customer service is spectacular. My family felt welcomed right from the start. It is a wonderful hotel and the staff is fantastic from the moment you walk through the door. The concierge is welcoming, the check-in desk is amazingly friendly and all other members of staff smile and greet you as you walk around the hotel. The rooms are stunning. One of the few hotels in Miami Beach that offer such spacious room with economical prices. Special thanks to the staff at the Seabreez Bar  Grill (by the pool) the food is wonderful and the service is outstanding. Our waiter was a gentleman by the name of Revy. Our kids are 16 and 12 and love their stay here. The pool attendants were wonderful, passing out orange wedges and popsicles. We just left last week and are making plans to reserve again.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Megerhwils
<Content>Definitely Not Top Notch! Stayed one night here and that was enough. Room cleanliness was definitely in question. Stuff stuck on the carpet that needed to be cleaned or replaced. Tile walls and backsplashes needed to be wiped down and the bathroom floor had not been swept or mopped since way before we were there! The hotel has updated some fixtures and soft goods but need to do a major overhaul. Quaint touches are nice to keep but old slimy bathroom facuets and poor caulking are a definite don't.Watch out for the extra resort fee if just staying overnight and don't assume the parking fee is added to the hotel bill - it's an extra charge of $22.00 per day when you are about to leave!  
<Date>Aug 24, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	1	3	-1	-1	

<Author>Karen077
<Content>Loooved everything about the Hotel Everything was magnificent!!!I spent a week at Miami Beach resort and Spa with a friend and we had a wonderful time. The hotel accomodated us in one of their renovated rooms which was magnificent, clean, trendy and upscale....Any request of ours was addressed positively with no questions asked such as extra towels, soap, housekeeping services, etc.The staff members are very helpful, courteous, and always willing to please. They also speak many languages!!!The restaurant has an excellent and HEALTHY breakfast buffet that is well worth the price for Miami! The pool is a great spot with all kinds of free-b's such as fresh water with lemon  lime, pospsicles, fruits and beautiful, smiley staff members!!!!!The Hotel is in a perfect location, it is situated directly on the beach, not too far from Souh Beach, close to Bal Harbour, close to shops and restaurants......Overall, I give this Hotel 5 ***** for the price we paid!  
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Bob2323
<Content>Nice Hotel We stayed at the hotel for five nights at the end of July and the first couple of days in August. Check in was simple, they did mess up by giving me too few breakfast coupons, which they corrected the next day. The room was nice, we had a partial water view room, but the view was great. We could see the ocean and the intercoastal waterway. The salt water pool was nice and my daughter enjoyed the baby pool as well. The ocean was clear and the beach was nice. We did eat the breakfast buffett everyday, because it was included in our stay, otherwise I wouldn't have paid $24 per person including 17% gratuity for it. Valet parking was $22 a day, which was also included in my package. For 5 nights I only paid a little over $600 including breakfast and parking so it was a great deal. The negatives for this hotel is that its location is at least a mile from the nearest business (Walgreens, Subway, and Burger King). It was about 3 miles from South Beach, but we took the bus which was quite nice and only cost $1.50 per person. It wasn't easy using a stroller coming into or out of the hotel because of the steps in front, they did some old looking lift for wheelchairs, but we didn't use it. Overall it was a good hotel and a great value, but I probably wouldn't go back, not because of the hotel, just because there are many other places in the world that I would like to visit before visiting Miami for a second time.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	2	3	3	4	4	

<Author>icrodriguez
<Content>Fantastic Stay!       The beach from our room  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>worldtraveller022
<Content>A wonderful bargain and great hotel and service I went for a friends' getaway at the hotel for 3 nights. We were all pleasantly surprised, especially given some of the less than stellar reviews. While the proporty is certainly older than some of the shiny new towers in Miami Beach, this is a well-cared for and clean property with a GREAT location. From the valet service, check-in and bellmen the service was friendly and thorough.The rooms were good, the pool, beach and exercise facilities were great. The spa, though a bit pricey, has wonderful attendants and top of the line service.We only used one of the lounges/restaurants at the property during our stay. It was expensive including the service charge and gratuity, BUT the food was great and the bartender was both friendly and generous.Because we had a rental car, we found the location very flexible and a short drive from many attractions and activities.We will definitely stay her again for great service at a bargain price for the area.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>sweets39
<Content>A good experience I had read lots of reviews on here and I was really scared to go there but, becuase it was a family event taking place at this location I decided to stay with everyone. I arrived and I was really surprised. The valet when I arrived was really very courteous Wesley I thought was always pleasant and outstanding but, so were all the other guys. We checked in and the front desk staff were also pleasant no problems at all. I actually got my room early and although I had not seen my room decided then to add an extra night to our stay which I would have needed to stay in Miami anyway. I know, risky since I had not seen the room and I had read such bad reviews. Anyway, we got to the room and it was nothing like I expected it was much better than the reviews read previous to travel. Our room was clean and smelt clean and had good daytime light. I do agree the lighting in the night can be improved however especially for reading. The rooms had great storage space walkin closet and all plus lots of drawer space and extra space to hang clothing.Our view although not of the beach was nice especially at night. We had a good time and my cousins wedding turned out really beautiful and the services they provided for that was top class and really that is all that mattered to us. Our entire family had an enjoyable stay. We had about 10-12 rooms and no one in our family complained so I think that sums it up to a great experience!  
<Date>Jul 31, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Avenuefoche
<Content>Gritty Gritty - Bang Bang! Yes - Booking our business meetings in this rundown piece of Miami's past was a Huge Mistake. This would pass for an old tourist hotel - but for the business traveler it is sub-standard. The Team working our meetings were great -- set and reset the rooms to accommodate our needs. Really tried to give the service needed - but the facility did not give them much to work with for their efforts.The comfort of our conference attendees was more than they could accommodate:No temperature control on the meeting rooms - freezing or hotMildew stench in the ballroomsNo security at front desk - just gave out new guest room keys without checking your name or IDNo lock on our meeting room - MIramar NorthDirty Rooms reported by several attendees - hair in bath, slow running drains, dirty tubs, broken faucets.Fraudulent charges on the room bills - others charging to the rooms and wrongly charged parking when there was no car.Did I mention Ants - and worse -- staff returning home with bed bug bites.The food was good - but heavy. The pool looked nice -- didn't get there......For the money - I am so sure you could do better for a meeting hotel. Leave this one to the 200 15 yr olds from Argentina celebrating their Quincentara who took over the elevators during our stay and ran the halls half the night.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	2	3	1	

<Author>themaddog74
<Content>A nice place to stay. we stayed in this resort for 2 nights at the end of March 2007 and enjoyed our stay there. It was nice to wake up to the sea breeze coming in through our ocean front window, to get up and look out at the turquoise ocean first thing in the morning. Our room was clean and had nice furnishings and the service was friendly as well. Prices in the Tiki bar are a little high though.We had a relaxing day at both the beach and the pool area - so good that we didn't want to leave resulting in my parner getting sun burned.The lobby and breakfast rooms are wonderful to look at and the pool and views are exaclty what you will see in any promotional picture.I'd definately recommend people to stay here.  
<Date>Jul 30, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>lisaioannou
<Content>Could not have stayed at a better place!       view of the fabulous pool from our window.  
<Date>Jul 27, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Teddy09
<Content>Would stay there again... Myself, 2 friends and 18 year-old twins have just returned from 5 nights at this hotel and we thought it was fine. We had a problem with checking-in, in that the hotel asked for a voucher that we didn't have. The front desk staff, although pleasant, weren't very helpful and we ended up having to contact England on numerous occasions, although we felt it should have been down to the hotel staff to contact our tour operator. However, on our 4th day, I spoke to Jason, the Front Desk Manager and he was excellent. I just wish we'd spoken to him on the 1st day. Maybe it was because of the Sterling/Dollar exchange rate, but we didn't have a problem with the cost of anything. We ate breakfast once in the hotel and never expected it to be the cheapest place to eat. Hotels never are. You always have to eat out to get the best prices. What we did have a problem with, was being understood, despite being English. We were in MacDonald's asking for a bottled water and they kept trying to get us a Quarterpounder! In fact, everywhere we went, the service was very slow and 'laid-back' to put it mildly, to the point that we felt we weren't really in 'America'. All of our party have visited many different destinations in the USA and Miami doesn't compare to the normally excellent standards of service elsewhere in the States. Having said that, we liked Miami - you just have to take the rough with the smooth. Having read some of the other reviews, we didn't have any problems with our rooms and yes, our water drained from the basin fast enough for us... We were given rooms next to each other and found them to be spacious and really clean.We deliberately picked this hotel, as although it was out of the centre a bit, we wanted somewhere with a big pool area. Most of the hotels in the centre, either had very small pools or no pool at all. The pool attendants came round during the day with cold towels, ice-lollys and smoothies which was a nice touch. I've noticed none of the other Reviewers have commented on the Spa and/or Health Club. We only used it to shower and change due to having a late checkout and found it to be excellent. Free shampoo and soap and use of towels made it really convenient. .All-in-all, I would definitely stay there again and recommend it to my friends.  
<Date>Jul 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	1	3	2	

<Author>artaap
<Content>You will be regret the second you stepped into the hotel room! I just came back from Miami and stayed in this hotel.I am an idiot, I should have trusted all these bad reviews. They are all TRUE. Don't trust the pics on their web, please! Be Smart!The bad:* Hotel is out-dated. Room is dirty - carpet looked dirty, hair-dryer hv gels and hair stuck on it from the last stay. Toilet didn't look clear, still hv old stain in it. * Room key cards didn't work - needed to wait on line to reprogarm them couple times.* Light bulb fuse blew - can't believe someone here had the same problem. Thought I am the only one, since it doesn't happen that offen. Well, I guess not...* Waited forever for the elevators. Seems only 2 out of 4 are working. And look inside them, they are very old-dated.* Servises are below avg. - the night-shift front desk person was rude. The room service lady didn't give us towels after she cleaned the room. Needed to call to get them. When we checked out, their web was not working and cannot processed the final payment w/ the credit card company.* Food was expensive, not much choices. Especially Breakfast.* Parking $25 a day, $10 resort fee.* Not walking distance to SoBe area. NOT EVEN CLOSE. Don't trust anyone on that. * Booked w/ a King size bed, guess what?! Not getting it. The hotel was fully booked. I mean, do you know what Reservation means?!! The good:* Pool and beach were nice. Good food at the poolside bar.* Valet service was fast. (of couse, cuz you need to tip them everytime)We are writing these reviews for a reason, we don't want ppl to be fooled. These bad reviews are all true, don't just read my reviews, read others and compare.I will not stay in this hotel AGAIN. - AC  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	-1	

<Author>NYCGalManhattan
<Content>Best Ever! I was in desperate need of a vacation, so I looked at the specials through Travel Zoo. This hotel was part of a special promotion and I booked it immediately. After booking, I read the reviews and got totally scared, but decided to stick with my choice. I am so glad I did. I got an ocean-view room that was clean and well appointed. The pool was wonderful, the restaurants in the hotel were great and the location fabulous. A quick trip down Collins Avenue on the H or S bus which stopped right outside the hotel zipped down to South Beach. But the people at the hotel really made my stay the best. The bartenders (Zinna, Elke, David) at the Seabreeze were a bright, fun group. The front desk staff were very professional and answered any questions I had. I don't understand where all the bad reviews come from. Perhaps those who gave negative reviews just expected more; I don't know. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 23, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Happyatdisney
<Content>Pleasant Surprise I was very concerned after reading the reviews how my stay at this hotel would be. I found myself pleasantly surprised. Check-in was very fast. The room was spacious and the beds were comfortable. The bathroom includes two sinks, one inside and outside. There was a lot of closet space. The lighting in the room could be improved. True, the valet is expensive and beware of the RESORT FEE AND RESORT FEE TAX. But I found the staff to be courteous and the pool was clean. Travelers, remember that staying on Miami Beach is usually not cheap, and even some of the really expensive hotels on the beach do no provide excellent service. But for the price we paid, we were more than satisfied.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	4	

<Author>jdv13
<Content>Great Time Miami Beach: Miami Beach Resort and SpaLakes: Absolutely magnificent!Date: June, 2007 We have just returned from a 4 day stay at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa. The hotel is magnificent and we have never experienced such incredible service. It was so lovely that it was hard to drag ourselves away from the hotel to go home. The pool is luxurious. Our kids are 1 and 3 and they enjoyed it. The pool attendants were wonderful. The waitress even came into the pool with a tray of ice cream for the kids to have. My wife had a day at the Spa she said she had a great time she look great when she came back to us. Restaurants were to die for. Are kids still drink milk in a bottle and they like it warm, no worries we just called room service and they were more then happy to help. I can not say enough about the service and all the worker we came in contact with. The room was very spacious and relaxing we realy never want to leave but the kids want the pool and the beach.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tom3bwork
<Content>Front Desk Representative The front desk representative, Allison Zapata is a true assest to the hotel. She was very helpful and professional when dealing with problems with my previous room. The service and atmosphere overall at the Miami Beach Resort  Spa is truly excellent! Thanks  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>elviratraveler
<Content>Not worth the money- anything but glamorous Our stay at the Miami Beach resort and spa was unsatisfactory at best. It started at check in. There were 4 girls staying in this suite so we paid an extra $80 to ensure we would have 2 double beds. We checked in, went up to the room to find the door propped open (creepy) and what do you know.................1 king....for 4 people!!! We spent the first 30 minutes of our vacation, on the phone(which was in the bathroom???), filing a complaint. They were completly booked so they sent us 2 roll-a ways and took of the extra $80 charge, dropping our nightly room rate to $375/night. The room was also very plain and not what I expected for paying over $400/ night. Also, the window was broken but we had a great view of the pool and the beach. We went out Friday night and woke up bright and early Saturday morning because the sun and heat was beating in through the massive, curtainless window in the living room (which was where we had to sleep because we had one king and 2 roll-a ways). Whatever, we didnt come to Miami to sleep so we headed to the pool to soak some rays. Around lunch time we headed to the pool bar to get a snack. We all ordered the exact same thing and got 4 different bills (amounts) We spoke to the manager and he fixed it but that was also wierd and wasted our vacation time. So the 4 of us finished our afternoon and headed upstairs to get ready for dinner and another night out. Hot, tired and sunburned we make it back to the suite,stick the key in the door and it doesnt work. We have to go back downstairs to the service desk and wait in line and get the key reprogramed.(happened 3 times throughout the stay) Not that big of a deal, however, it was another inconvience. We get ready to shower and flip the switch in the bathroom and the lightbulb burnt out! So again, we called the service desk and they were going to send someone up to fix it immediatly. So we waited and an hour passes and no one has shown up. So we started showering, in the dark, because we were going to be late for our dinner reservation. Another half hour passes and someone knocks on the door. The maintence man shows up to change the bulb, however, he brings the absolute wrong bulb so he leaves. We are blow drying, strightening hair and the circut breaker blew (no power). Again we call the front desk (from the bathroom, in the dark) and I think you get the picture. When we finally spoke to the manager he was nice and apologized for all the inconviences we had encountered but for me, the experience with this hotel was not pleasant. We spent a lot of our vacation/relaxation time fixing things that we should not have had to worry about. The majority of the staff was unfriendly and unhelpful, with the exception of Patricia (bartender) and Derek (bell hop), those 2 employees were extremely helpful and nice. This hotel has the potential to be a very nice place but they need to get it together. I will NOT stay there again!!!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>kabbott
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay...Ever!! We stayed here for the weekend to celebrate a bachelorette party. When we got to our room the door was wide open, our room key didn't work so we had to reactivate it every time we wanted to get back in, the floors were dirty, we didn't have enough beds to accodomate the girls, our window was broken with 90 degree hot air seeping in, no curtains to shade the room, and our bathroom light was broken! The hotel staff was rude and don't believe the pictures they show on their website, it looks nothing like that. Not worth the money at all, luckily after all our complaining we got our second night free!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>Tisha33
<Content>Miami Beach July 12-17       Bath  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>kMacNYC
<Content>Very disappointed - don't recommend No idea how people could rate this a good hotel. Especially since it鈥檚 billed at a 4-star. Perhaps I could delude myself it was fine if I felt it was a 2-star and I got a bargain鈥ut not for this price. Was really disappointed especially since we were taking my husband鈥檚 parents there for vacation from their home in rainy Dublin, Ireland. I felt it was far too expensive for the value. Every single amenity was individually priced. Parking was $22 per night. Internet connection was a minimum of $13. We found an internet caf茅 downtown that cost us $2.00 for 10 minutes. I know it鈥檚 hard deciphering which reviews to rely on. I am an adamant researcher myself - almost obsessive-compulsive about cross-referencing several travel websites for reliable info on hotels, i.e. Frommers, Fodors, Trip Advisor, Travelocity, Expedia, Hotels.com. If you check more than 3 sites saying a place is good or bad - it gives you the ability to get a median idea - toss out the 鈥渢his is the greatest place on earth鈥?and the 鈥渢his is the worst hotel ever鈥?comments and you arrive somewhere near the truth of the matter. Let me first say I have yet to complain about any one of my hotel stays in either Europe, America or Mexico. I鈥檓 in my early 30鈥檚  have stayed in Paris, Rome, Munich, Dublin, D.C., West Palm, Texas, Miami, Cape Cod, L.A., San Fran, Turks  Caicos, Puerto Rico, St. Kitts, Grand Bahama  Paradise Island, and various locales in Mexico. That being said I would like to warn others about this hotel. I listed those locales to merely say that my stay at MBRS for the price - was well NOT worth it. There is NO way this hotel deserves a 4 star rating. I have never had a problem with any hotel I have every stayed at that was billed as a 3 star hotel or higher. I鈥檝e stayed in 2 star hotels /motels that had better service than the Miami Beach Resort  Spa. When the word resort is placed in the name of a hotel you expect high quality. I brought my in-laws who flew in from Dublin to this hotel in the expectation that with a billing of 鈥渞esort,鈥?a title which they are accustomed to for beach resort locales in Europe, it would be full of amenities. If I had chosen simply a hotel I would have expected just room and perhaps a hotel bar. The most impressive feature about this hotel is the lobby. Exquisite marble and chandeliers - very neat and orderly reservation desk. However, one does not sleep in the lobby. The parking attendants, though harried, were very good about getting the car (except one day which took over 25 minutes to get my rental from the garage). I booked my trip package through Expedia for 2 rooms with a king-size bed. The check in was very smooth, we arrived earlier than the permissible 3pm and they were very amenable to get us checked in early. The bellmen were very pleasant. However our rooms were placed on separate floors, which in and of itself was not a problem and the lady at the desk did alert us to this fact. Funnily enough the desk clerk offered us a mini-bar key which we declined but when we got to the room there was no mini-bar. My husband鈥檚 parents stayed on the 10th floor with a partial view of the ocean and bay. We were put on the 4th floor in a newly renovated room which happens to be eye level with the extended roof - so if you picture a ceiling to floor window the tiled floor of our hotel room (no rug) was on level with the rooftop of the 3rd floor mezzanine - giving us an unsightly grayish black roof. Beyond the roof view was a partial view of the ocean and directly across from our room was a high-rise condo complex who had a direct view of our room unless we fully dragged the floor to ceiling drapes closed - which of course then darkened the already unwell lit room. This room had been renovated to be uber-modern - sky blue walls and ceiling which was fine - an open floor plan so the bed was in the middle of the room a floating oak-ish looking closet so you could see past the bed into the bathroom area - no privacy at all. Not a lot of hanging space. Plenty of drawers but shallow so you can鈥檛 fit much. The shower was great - very modern - huge showerhead - the size of a soccer ball - with a floor to ceiling frosted door. The toilet also had a floor to ceiling frosted door - which was very un-conducive to privacy and tiny to get in and out of because of the way the door swung. The rectangular basin sink was interesting ( but didn鈥檛 drain well) and the mirror was large but they both perpendicularly abutted the shower which made difficult for 2 people getting ready at same time. The florescent lighting was so low you could barely see to put on make-up. There was no floor to ceiling mirror to check yourself out before you left the room. I鈥檓 all for modern but it also has to be functional. The maids came everyday to clean the room, but perhaps since our entire room was tiled, and I personally prefer rugs b/c I don鈥檛 like walking on tiles barefoot, I found that the area near the shower was not cleaned thoroughly. I have very long hair and would find daily hairs that were not picked up by either a mop or vacuum. Having said all that - the rooms were not a major problem with us. The in-law鈥檚 room, in contrast ,was lovely. More traditional - clean - large - nice views. So if you鈥檙e looking for a basic room w/o frills it鈥檚 not bad.In terms of service - I found, again, for a resort, it to be severely lacking in both it鈥檚 offerings and customer service. The only caveat was the front desk clerks which were all pleasant. The concierge however was a different experience all together. My husband鈥檚 birthday was on July 2nd and we were also down in Miami for the July 4th Holiday. The first night we were there I asked if there were any restaurants nearby because we were tired we didn鈥檛 feel like going to South Beach which is about a 7-10 minute ride depending on traffic. He coldly told us well there weren鈥檛 that many options. Now, at a resort, one would think you鈥檇 have someone who鈥檚 entire job is defined by his ability to offer service to customers. He made us feel like we were bothering him. I鈥檝e lived in NYC my entire life. I鈥檓 used to the haughtiness of some of the finer hotels/restaurants/bars. This place was certainly not worthy of such an attitude as one would expect at say the Ritz. I went to the concierge to ask if there were any good Cuban restaurants鈥is response鈥︹€漵ure.鈥?That鈥檚 it. I went to the concierge twice more to ask for advice on restaurants, things to do etc....when I asked if there were events going on for July 4th - he responded - of course w/o further explanation. It was like being a homicide detective trying to pry answers from the murderer. They have no guides to look at for restaurants or activities like most other resorts I've been to.If you want to fork over an exorbitant amount of money for sub-par food than stay here. I鈥檝e stayed at the Hyatt Resort - a 5 star hotel in Aruba - and there food was less expensive and 5 times better. The breakfast food for 2 people plus a 17% gratuity (which is automatically attributed to every single bill at the hotel whether you鈥檙e just ordering fries or a cocktail) cost us 39 dollars. Again, I live in NYC and 2 eggs over-easy with ham with one glass of OJ does not equal 39 dollars, it equals extortion. We had dinner at their restaurant which does have beautiful views overlooking the pool and Miami Beach. Each entr茅e was 25 dollars or more and it was horrid - and I鈥檓 not a finicky eater. I had mahi-mahi, as did my husband, which turned out looking and tasting like a overdone fish sandwich from a fast-food place. I ordered tuna sashimi as an appetizer - it鈥檚 hard to screw up raw fish - but they managed to do so. I didn鈥檛 even eat my meal. My husband - not a finicky either - ate it only because it was late and he was starving and we had no other course of action. His parents had steak - which was overcooked - and pasta which was like mush. The bill for 4 people was just shy of $300 and the food was awful. I wouldn鈥檛 have paid 10 dollars for the food that was served, so dishing out 25 dollars per dish was offensive. Do not eat at their restaurant. The pool bar is handy if you ready yourself for just finger food or bbq type of food - but again overpriced. One day the four of us had 4 Caesar salads, and 2 drinks each and it came to $125 - this place just literally left a bad taste in my mouth. You are held ransom here with such exorbitant prices b/c this hotel is located far off the main strip - 10 minutes north of south beach or any places to eat on Collins Avenue. My husband and I walked around one day in search of a deli b/c all we wanted was an iced tea and a sandwich - needless to say we walked down Collins and didn鈥檛 reach a deli until we hit south beach. Pool was fine - relatively long - not wide - but clean. Plenty of lounges and very comfortable cushions. Pool side restaurant was decent. Maybe 8 things on menu though so after 2 days you get sick of ordering a chicken sandwich with greasy fries, or a small burger or a 9 dollar salad. The wings were awful. It had fans hanging from rafters which constantly vacillate and mist water. I suppose this is supposed to keep you cool, but I found it annoying - you constantly feel damp while sitting there eating. Drinks were somewhat expensive (again I鈥檓 used to high prices in NYC) but it was $6 for domestic bottle of beer, $8 for mixed drinks and more if you wanted something off their standard cocktail menu - plus for every drink you order they bang you automatically 17% gratuity. I bartended in NYC and I found the gratuity ridiculous. Staff was friendly enough - if you could wave them down and if per chance they spoke English. I live in a melting pot city so I鈥檓 used to it but my Irish in-laws had trouble understanding what the staff was saying because everyone working as the wait staff, snack bar, or bartenders spoke broken English.Their snack shop charged $2.18 for a regular size cup of hot tea and close to 3 bucks for a stale bagel with nothing on it. In NYC you can get a bagel for 60 cents. If you wanted tea for room service it was $5 or $8 for a large cup of tea鈥?.for HOT WATER and a Lipton bag. Their wine was cheaper than hot water for $7. No vending machines in case you simply want a water or a soda.Location really not great. I鈥檝e stayed in Bal Harbor (about 10 min. north of this area) before and at least you could walk to restaurants or shops. Here you can get to a boardwalk via the beach 2 blocks down. The boardwalk is lovely and you can get a birds-eye view of other hotels. A long hike to get to any other restaurants. But beware there鈥檚 no escaping the sun. The beach was clean and there was a hut for wave- runners and other activities if you so desired. But if you wanted to lay out on the beach (which is a public beach) you had to pay for chairs and umbrellas. I think it was $5 for a chair and $15 for an umbrella - ridiculous. When you think you are going to a resort - you justly assume this is part of the resort fee - which they charge 10 dollars per room per day - plus tax per day of $1.30 - so for 5 days it was $56.50 each room. I鈥檓 sorry but I鈥檓 confused as to what this fee is for鈥s another reviewer said - for towels - which were threadbare?Bottom line-wouldn鈥檛 recommend to anyone -would never stay here again - it is way overpriced for what is offered-and I lived in NYC for decades, i.e. I鈥檓 used to high prices. As one reviewer said, 鈥淭he only thing remotely pleasant about this hotel was that we did not spend much time there.鈥?I second that notion. Most time we spent there was by the pool.  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	3	3	1	1	

<Author>at_the_track
<Content>Nice hotel Very nice, spacious rooms. Good beds, lots of storage space. Coffee maker, iron, ironing board. you can feel it is a classy place when you drive in. quick elevators, easy access to the beach. food is expensive there, but there is a deli/coffee shop in the basement that you can get a muffin, etc. from. You can also call Dominos's etc. Nice bar in front of the pool, but you can't see the beach from there. Beer is $7.65 including service charge (tip), They automatically add 17% to the bill for a tip (service charge). But at least the bill clearly shows a space for additional tip, so you don't tip twice., Very nice poool, well kept. You have to pay for valet, about $20 per day. it is very inefficient. They tell you that you can call ahead for your car, but no one ever answered the phone when I called. Both mornings they couldn't find the keys to my car, and took well over 20 minutes to get it. They guy behind me said that he had experienced the same thing the day before, so apparently this is a pattern.  
<Date>Jul 8, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kathemil
<Content>Hotel is not that bad! I was very concerned about staying at this property after reading the negative reviews but I decided to give it a shot. I stayed here on the 4th of July in the middle of a Medical convention so it was packed. But I was able to check in way early, about 10:30 a.m., the receptionist was reallyyy nice! Because of what I read on here, I was scared to go in the room, but much to my surprise, the room was nice and clean. Had a beautiful view of the Bay, bathroom was decent. Went to the pool and that was enjoyable. So I don't know what all these other folks are complaining about...this is definitely a top notch hotel. I have absolutely no complaints! I'm staying here next time I come to Miami Beach!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>LeeAtlantaGA
<Content>Miami Beach Resort and Spa in Desperate Need of A Major Renovation! I have NO idea how this hotel earned a customer favorite rating on Hotwire. Though the price was attractive (around $99), I would have much rather paid more money for a clean room and more pleasant surroundings. This hotel is in serious need of a major renovation so don't let the photos on their web site mislead you. Upon check-in the shower above our room was leaking into our shower and our room was visibly dirty (I will give the maintenance staff credit for resolving the problem quickly). There were several cracks in the bathroom sink and the furnishings appeared to be from the mid-eighties or perhaps older. The pool had cigarettes and other trash floating in it. The only thing remotely pleasant about this hotel was that we did not spend much time there and 1. location 2. friendly/gracious staff 3. the pool chairs have these great and very comfortable blue pads on top.  
<Date>Jun 30, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>Mohammedshaikh
<Content>Could have been somewhere else Stayed at MBRS during 6/9/07 through 6/12/07. Lobby is beautiful but inside of the entire property needs upgrading. I was told that I have the best view of the room but it turned out that that it was overlooking the fittness center's roof on north side of the building, terrible misrepresentation. It appears that interior decoration of rooms are frozen in '60s. Valet parking is $22.00 per day which is a hidden cost until you check in, I had no problem getting my car from valet because I was tipping them everytime they took and brought my vehicle back otherwise plan on standing there forever. Resort fee is $10.00 per day plus tax and beach towels are if you loose are $25.00 each. DO not charge any meal or drinks at the Seabreeze (tikki bar) to your room, you may end up with someone else eating and drinking and charging the bills to your room. The staff is all involved with passing room numbers and last names to their friends and family so they can charge the bar bills to your room. Do not use the minibar because the charges are out of this world. Do not give your credit card number to anyone at the hotel. English is a second or third language at this establishment. The money we spent tipping anyone and everyone we could have gone somewhere else........great miami beach experience.......................HOTWIRE SHAME ON YOU................................  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>fromthisdayforward
<Content>Overpriced, overrated and worn out Would not recommend this hotel at all. Front desk was not welcoming, every single amenity was individually priced (and overpriced-paid $38 to fax a 6 page document from a fax that only sent one page at a time and $55 to park our car which was mandatory valet) and the room and facility looked like it had it's hey-day in the late 80's or 90's. I would not recommend this hotel. Was really disappointed and felt it was far too expensive for the value.  
<Date>Jun 19, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>mommabear220
<Content>Above and beyond my greatest expectations When we walked into the lobby, we were amazed by how beautiful it was. We were greeted by the front desk manager and she was very welcoming and helpful regarding our check in. She was able to get us into our room immediately even though check in was at 3:00 p.m. The busboys were helpful with our bags. Our room faced the Bay . It was clean and comfortable and we had more than enough room for both of us. The concierge services are just amazing. They provided us with great information and also gave us directions to our destinations and suggestions for things to do. They made reservations for our daily sightseeing trips. The restaurants have great food. The breakfast buffet was fabulous and definitely worth the price. Having lunch outside by the pool with a view of Miami beach was awesome and the food was great. Eating dinner and having a view of Miami beach at sunset was worth it. This restaurant had amazing staff and food.After dinner, we sat at the bar and had drinks and appetizers. The bar staff was very friendly and the drinks were awesome. I would recommend this hotel to everyone. I have already started to plan my next vacation in Miami and going back to this Hotel.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Dad01
<Content>Wolf in sheeps clothing The Vacation Package we booked for a stay in Miami led us here based on family values, price and location. This is not a family hotel nor do they honor any quoted price, even from their own reservation system which is in Canada. Call and get a written quote from the hotel desk before you book. Good Luck trying to cancel or request anything without opening your wallet. We spent a lot of precious time arguing at the lobby desk with serveral employees with different interpretations over errors in their corporate booking system even after confirming the reservation 3 times. We could never get the manager out of his office to resolve anything. They even tried to charge our room $6 for a plastic cup for the children. Interenet is $10 a day and $5 for the cable. Parking is $22 extra a day. Then there is an extra $13.30 for a resort fee per day. And breakfast is an extra $22 a day when it is advertised to be included in our package. The kids saw a naked man passed out or sun bathing on the beach amongst other questionable socially accepable practices. Many of the urban guests were using very foul language ; that's ok because the service help can't understand english anyway.If you enjoy a beautiful lobby and a run down room then this is your kind of place.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2007
<Rating>1	2	2	4	2	1	2	1	

<Author>mimiChicago
<Content>Beautiful setting, wonderful service, fantastic staff I was so happy with the hotel. I love the beach and it was so accessible. I loved the pool and the pool bar. Everyone there treated us with so much care. I felt like I was with friends. The rooms was beautiful, the restaurant food was fabulous, the meeting rooms were comfortable. What else can I say!  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>svictor11225
<Content>Loved the hotel My fiancee and I stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa for 5 days/6nights and had a wonderful time. The lobby is beautiful with marble floors and beautifully decor.When we arrived to the room, we noticed the tub had a slow leak and the problem never got fixed the whole time we were there, but we still managed to shower everyday.One night I woke up to a roach crawling down my arm and from my reaction I almost dislocated my shoulder by jumping up the wrong way.The food at the hotel was very expensive and everything was a 17% gratuity which can be costly.Overall, we had a great time. We probably will return in another year or two with the kids.  
<Date>May 15, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	3	4	3	4	4	

<Author>DeamonDeacon
<Content>Creme de la Creme Have been to Miami Beach several times over the last decade and I always like to explore and try different hotels and restaurants. On my future trips to Miami Beach area I will indeed try different restaurants but I will definitely plan to stay at the MBRS again provided the hotel is not completely occupied. MBRS is a great hotel and has great amenities but the impeccable service and friendly attitude of the staff is what makes this hotel extremely desirable. All of the employees were therapeutic. Just what the doctor ordered. I will definitely recommend this hotel to any friends or family that are planning a trip to this beautiful spot in America.Keep up the great work.  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>uperkma
<Content>Great Hotel!!! I stayed here for 4 days. I got a great deal that included breakfast and parking for 99.00 a day. There was 4 of us and we all had great time. The breakfast buffet was always fresh the waiters and waitresses were very nice as was all of the hotel staff. I don't know what these other people are talking about because we did not have one problem. The hotel rooms do need a little remodeling but nothing major was wrong with them. The front desk staff was very accomadating they let us check in as soon as the room was ready at about 11.am . Our car was always brought to us within 5 minutes. They give out snacks and cold towels by the pool every two hours . They have a great Tikki bar and restaurant . The prices are high as everywhere else in Miami Beach but a lot cheaper than in South Beach. The rooms were clean and were cleaned early in the day. I have not one complaint about his hotel. I don't know what people expect from a hotel . I give it a 4. I would recommend to a friend .  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Frazzled26
<Content>Feeling pampered We spent three nights and four days at the Resort and left feeling very pampered and relaxed. The staff was extremely attentive and accomodating. We especially enjoyed our time around the pool and Seabreeze Restaurant and Bar. It is on our list of places we'd like to return!  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travelaChicago
<Content>Do not stay here  They overcharged my credit card by $300 and then i called 5x and no one called me back. I spoke to the billing department and left messages and called a supervisor (Stephanine Jones) and no one did a thing until i threated a lawsuit and called my credit card.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	1	1	1	

<Author>jive325
<Content>Nothing Special       View from Suite  
<Date>Apr 18, 2007
<Rating>2	3	3	2	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>etcetc
<Content>Please do not go Stayed at this property this weekend for a wedding. I can honestly say that this is the worst place that I have ever booked. Rooms were very old and dated. Furntire was worn, stained, etc. Hotel and rooms all had a musty/moldy smell. The service was terrible, they were not able to accommodate simple requests and when they did, they got it wrong. Finally, do not expect business services. If you need to send faxes or print documents stay somewhere else, faxes (if they are ableto print them which is a big if) cost a dollar per page and print jobs cost $1.35 per page.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	1	1	1	

<Author>HenNewJersey
<Content>Exactly what I expected We stayed at the resort March 15-19 through Travelocity, who offered a great deal on hotel  airfare. The 'candid hotel photos' depicting our type of room could not have been more accurate. Some of the photos were of suites, so don't be misled. Our room was ocean view, which meant facing a large condo unit (which looked quite nice!). The room was very spacious and clean - lots of closet space. Beds extremely comfy, clean linens (no skanky bedspread, it was a white coverlet that looked like it was new and fresh). The hotel lobby area was up to snuff, staff friendly. Heated outdoor pool a plus. Poolside drinking could burn a whole in your pocket - $10. for mixed drinks, but I expected that. We ate lunch one afternoon at the poolside and it was good.The highlight for me was the beach, the water was fabulous and beach was gorgeous. Water temp of ocean a little chilly, but exhilarating. The only drawback was that none of the rooms had balconies, not even ocean front. In fact, the windows were screwed shut. The MBRS is one of the smaller hotels in Miami Beach area of Collins Avenue, height-wise. Overall, we had an good mini vacation and if the price was right, we'd go back again.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>kenny706
<Content>Don't Stay - Too Many bad things to list... Don't pay for the Internet - it doesn't work - plain and simple. The hotel is old and outdated... There are spa fee's that they don't disclose until you arrive. Parking is expensive and it takes forever to get your car... Call ahead from the room then you will only have to wait about 10 minutes for your car. Staff is rude and likes to distort the truth... The carpet needs to be cleaned and re-stretched... The beds were hard as a rock and they kept putting the dirty towels we had on the floor back on the rack... The tub didn't drain and because of that it had a soap scum ring that wouldn't go away. I could go on and on... We would call and the staff was just plain rude. It was like Yeah, so? The staff just didn't care about our basic needs. It's on the beach, so what? The food in the restaurant was expensive and of low quality. We didn't have water for 2 and a half days... then when we wanted to go to another hotel the manager lied to Hotwire and said everything was fine. So we had Hotwire contact our neighbors in the hotel. So Hotwire discovered we were telling the truth and the hotel was lying. So Hotwire called the front desk again and they confessed to us not having water for 2.5 days.Resolution - we got our stay for free.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	2	

<Author>ovox
<Content>only w/ hotwire booked through hotwire (select 3.5 star hotel in miami beach and you're likely to get this place) and paid about 1/2 the going rate which is why i'd rate my stay as okay.there's a nice facade, but the building is dated, as are the rooms. the beds were not so great. the pancakes at the breakfast buffet were barely edible (hardened from sitting in the chafing dish for so long).there is a decent pool and beach access.the reality is this: miami beach is expensive and you're not going to find a bargain. so if you can get this place at a discounted rate, it'll be fine (but not great). i wouldn't pay full price though.one tip: instead of paying $22/day for valet parking, there's a muni-meter lot at 48th  collins, free btwn 6pm and 8am, something like $1/hr otherwise.  
<Date>Mar 28, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MaggiMac
<Content>Nickled and Dimed, nice locale, no balconies This is a nice hotel with plush furnishings and rich decorations. I didn't see any problems with the facility and the employees were all helpful and polite. But one would think that if you are paying $300 a night, they could toss in a free lounge chair at the beach ($5 a day), a room refrigerator ($15 a day) or free parking ($22 a day, plus tipping every time you go in and out). There is no option to self park. Also, room service charges a delivery fee and gratuity. The food is good but very expensive -- it cost me $44 to get a fish sandwich and salad with 1 glass of wine. I was also very disappointed that I paid extra for an ocean front room and there was no balcony, and no way to open the window looking at the ocean (so much for feeling the fresh sea breezes). Next time, I'm going to save 50% of the cost and stay at a nice Hampton or Holiday Inn with self parking and a firdge and icrowave in the room.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>3	2	3	4	4	3	4	4	

<Author>vmath101
<Content>a very bad experience I really had a terrible experience. I was staying in the hotel to attend a confrence. The conference started at 8:30 everyday, so i needed a good night sleep. The problem was they had wedding parties going to midnight and later. I could hear the boom of bass the whole time. When i called for some help with this matter i was told not to worry the party would stop soon. I dont think changing floors would have made adifference. We were on the fifth floor and there were parties on the top and lower floors. Also,the rooms and the hotel as a whole ,did not fit the criteria for being rated so well in my opinion. The bathroom was not clean, and small. The building is dated. My suggestion is you find another hotel. Also you are far from lincoln rd.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tweek0611
<Content>Do NOT stay here This place needs a major remodel. The hotel is far away from the fun of Miami Beach, and the hotel food is quite expensive, with very few options. They charged $22 per day for parking and $10 per day resort fees...and it really did not feel like a resort at all. The staff was not helpful at all, and laughed at us that we did not feel like dressing up to spend $100 in their lousy restaurant (it was like their restaurant was the only option). We had an old room service menu in our room, and were upset when we tried to order something off of it and would not bring us a new one. Maintenance had to come fix our phone, and a utility box was open in the bathroom exposing the pipes behind the wall. The water in the shower was quite cold (tried it at three different times). On the plus side, the pool and the beach were nice.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	3	3	3	1	3	

<Author>jbt65
<Content>A very pleasant experience!!! Stayed here March 7th through the 11th.My girlfriend and I were looking for a quiet get a way from the 13 degree weather in NY. The rooms were spacious, and the oceanview from the 10th floor was spectacular! Some of the reviews posted comment on the decor being out of date. I guess that could be the case, but it all depends on what you are looking for. The room was clean, spacious, and satisfied our needs. The hotel is beautiful, and the staff accommodating. The heated pool is huge, but only good from about 10 AM to 1PM, as the sun is blocked by nearby hotels / condos. You then have to move to the beach. The beach is private and clean. It will cost you $10 for a lounge chair. The food was quite delicious, but very pricey. A cheeseburger is $12, and breakfast for 2 runs close to $50. The breakfast buffet is really good, but 4 days of a $50 breakfast for 2 is a bit much. You have to take a taxi to get to south beach (around $15) or to anywhere you wanted to go. There is nowhere to walk to for stores or resturants close by. The weight room is sufficient, and the massages were amazing. Drinks / beer was pricey, more so than it had to be (mixed drink is $10). Bottom line... we would stay at this hotel again. However, if returning to south beach again, I would book a hotel directly in south beach, where all the action is.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kevinw1957
<Content>Very Disappointed We have just returned from a month in Florida - a combination of staying in hotels and condos. I used to travel extensively for business and have stayed in all manner of properties. This was the most disappointing ever. We booked through British Airways and then found Travel Advisor. I must admit I was a bit concerned at the poor reviews - but we'd pre-paid and didn't have an option of a refund. I'm afraid my expections were fully met. On arrival, we were asked what conference we were attending (we weren't - it was a vacation). We waited about 15 to 20 minutes to give the car to the parking valet and then had to hunt down a bellman to help with the luggage. This is very much at variance with other experiences in the US at expensive hotels where the staff are usually only too willing to help. Check in was straightforward and friendly. Our room, which had a great view overlooking the ocean was on about the 7th floor. Observations: Old and tired - the carpet was of exhibition hall quality and didn't actually fit the floor, the skirting boards were loose and badly scuffed. The decor was - how can I put this - 1950's bed  breakfast - woodchip paper painted in salmon pink, eau-de-nil (slime green) and pale yellow. And you could see that the walls had been re-painted many, many times. We'd travelled a long way and didn't fancy going out for dinner - so we ate in the restaurant. Don't bother. Although the food is good, the service is slapdash - main courses stuck on the table before appetisers had been finished, white wine served at room temperature - just a total lack of professionalism and attention to detail.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>foodie&winie
<Content>Dated and snoozy I stayed here for a combination of a conference and a weekend of fun. The hotel is adequate, but definitely dated inside and boring. If you are looking for a place to party with 20- and 30-somethings and walk to shops, bars and restaurants, this is NOT it.Pros-great beach access-sizable pool-conference food was pretty good-cheap (was $229 for conference plus weekend)Cons-no pool wait service-no close restaurants or night life-dated-internet access could not be billed to room-drinks are expensive and not great  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	2	3	2	3	2	

<Author>bhweinblatt
<Content>Good price for room Got a very good price for room, and hotel employees were helpful, but that's were the good ended. Rooms were tired and need updating, internet access did not work, $10 resort fee per room per day, $22 for parking, $4 for coke from mini bar $15 for in room movie, you get the picture. Closest supermarket was at least 1 mile away, so you are captive unless you drove or took taxi. Very secluded from other tourist parts of Miami Beach or South Beach. I believe that almost all hotel guests not on convention or other business functions used hotwire to book. Would not stay here again, would try to be much closer to South Beach, where your choices for food and drink or just walking around and seeing the sights exist. If you are not the type to leave the hotel and do not mind to over pay for everything, this place is for you. It is clear to me that since the room prices were very inexpensive using hotwire, they had to make their money elsewhere and that is exactly what they try to do.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	3	4	4	1	

<Author>BigDTraveler
<Content>Would Not Return Stayed at this hotel for 3 nights to attend a conference that was taking place in the hotel. At the first night's reception, the main topic was how terrible the hotel was. From speaking with others, some of the rooms had been redone and some have not. Mine certainly wasn't: There were large stains on the carpet and the drapes, as they were obviously orginial to the hotel, peeling paint and missing tiles in the bathroom. I was thankful that I brought my flip flops as I felt very uncomfortable walking on any part of the floor. I also did not have a desk - when I called the front desk they had only one room with a desk left available, and it was close to the construction. They accommadated me by bringing an extension cord to my room. The first night one of the broilers broke so there was no hot water and very little running water in the shower. I understand these things happen, but that tells you that this hotel has not been maintained. The hotel in response to the complaints gave 2 free drink coupons to those of us affected. At the same time as our conference, there was a group of about 200 teenagers booked in the hotel, meaning they were at full capacity. There were not enough elevators to accommodate all the guests, and we had to wait in long lines to use the elevators to get to our rooms. You could not take the stairs as the doors onto the floors were locked. All these problems would have been somewhat okay if the room rate was less than $175 (and I put that rather high as it is on the beach) but for the conference room rate of $225, and a regular room rate of $385 - it was ridiculous. I spent $375 for the Four Seasons in Maui - and this is more expensive? I've only stayed in one hotel that was worse as far as the interior of the room, and that was back when I was 19 and going on spring break... For the outragous price - I would advise going elsewhere or wait until they have completely remodeled the hotel, which seems to be going very slowly.Food was adequate - your typicaly hotel fare. Service was professional, and bar on the beach was nice, but closed at 5:00.  
<Date>Mar 7, 2007
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	3	3	1	

<Author>maytravelling
<Content>Good location but the facility is tired I stayed at the hotel for a confernce the last week of February. While the location is prime for proximity to the beach, the facility requires a major renovation. They are resting on the laurels of their location and obviously feel they can charge whatever they wish becasue they are on Miami Beach.The restaurants are very nice, nothing spectacular but what you would expect at a three star hotel. Service is ok but except for the Seabreeze bar, the serving staff did not go out of their way to treat you as guests. It was not top notch service. I found the staff genrally freindly but , they are missing that certain quality that makes you feel like you are being taken care of and treated like a guest, not an annoyance. There is a lack of attentiveness by the general staff.The conference space was very good and spacious, but they could not properly control the AC and I nearly froze sitting in our sessions.The bedrooms were large, but bad use of space. Two closets and drawers space use up room space. The beds were not comfortable nor were the linens. There was no bed skirt on the beds. The towels were worn and torn, and they had an unplesant odour.There were hot water problems at the hotel which was unacceptable for a facility that bills itself as a resort and spa. The bathroom only has a shower and no bath tub. The showerhead was clogged and not at full force. Again hardly what you woudl expect at a spa.At the same time that they had a large confernce booked, they also booked in a large group of girls on a school trip. What were they thinking. It felt like sping break at times. It was not possible to enjoy the pool with it packed with screaming teens. It was also a major issue come elevators, which were amost never avaialbel due to repairs and the kids riding them between floors.Be careful on the room rates. Two of my collegues had their room rates increased after the first night of stay. The prices are excessive for the facility.Teh poitures on teh website are very clever. They show what the hotel coudl look like, but that's not how it look in real life.I was very disappointed in the overall experience.  Until they do some major renovation, this is a low buget (but high cost) hotel. Too bad its a good location. But lots of other places nearby.  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>DCReviewer
<Content>Not really a resort or a spa- there's got to be something better at this price I spent 5 nights at the Miami Beach Resort and spa while attending a conference. My fiance was with me on vacation. We would not recommend this hotel to anyone for business or pleasure- especially not at the $225 rate a night (plus tax, plus $22 to park per day, plus resort fee, etc). Do not be deceived by the name and fancy logo/design and website. This is a run down, old hotel (or maybe apartment building) trying to appear as something much fancier than it is. This is NOT a spa resort, it is a no frills tourist hotel.1) They did not have hot water for a full day-- and were unclear about what the problem was and why it was happening. They tried to make it up to us by offering 2 free beers or house wines (but not a mojito or anything we wanted to drink)-- but didn't deliver the voucher until the second to last day. 2) There hotel elevators are slow and always packed. We often had to wait for several elevators to pass before we could get on one. There was one elevator in and out of service, and often being worked on.3) Service is hit and miss. Upon arriving, we had to look for a valet to park our car and the bell man didn't offer to take our bags until we lugged them up the stairs. Our room wasn't ready when we checked in-- the front desk staff did call us on our cell when it was ready, but the bellman couldn't find our bags and we had to go point them out.4) The location is far from the action in south beach- there isn't much up in the neighborhood and it is at least a $10 cab ride. 5) The spa is basically a glorified hotel gym-- with a sauna and steam room (that didn't appear to work) in the locker rooms. 6) The pool was so hot that it wasn't refreshing and we had to pay for lounges if we wanted to sit on the beach since they are not run by the hotel. (In the afternoon, the sun in the pool area is blocked by the building next door, so we had to go to the beach to be in the sun)7) Even the rooms that were renovated (on the higher floors) had unconfortable beds and terrible pillows.The hotel is OK, but I'd be careful not to pay too much for it. Also, if you're attending a conference there, I'd look at some of the other hotels in the area, and even pay a little bit more, just to avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Mar 2, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	2	3	2	2	1	

<Author>AlexTennessee
<Content>Awful experience I am staying at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa for a conference. My husband is coming to meet me at the end of the conference, and we are staying to enjoy the weekend in Miami. Originally our plan was to stay at the conference hotel, but we are moving as soon as the conference is over. The accommodations here are below par, and the service is worse! It began with the check-in process. I was told although I reserved a king bed with a bay view, they only had double beds available. In order to get a king bed, they downgraded me to a partial water view. It is partial because there is a construction high-rise site blocking the water. There was no apology or explanation as to why they didn't have the room I booked available, and then I had to wait 3 hours before my room was ready. They knew they had a conference coming in of about 400 people, yet rooms weren't ready for hours. In checking with the front desk periodically on the status of my room, I asked to speak to a manager who was incensed that I wasn't happy that my room had been changed and that I was waiting hours for it. From her behavior, I realized why the other front desk staffers weren't friendly or accommodating - they have no example or reason to be. The pictures on the website are misleading. The room is very outdated, and you can't depend on hot water when taking a shower. Also, when I ordered room service for dinner, I began my order saying that I'd like some lobster bisque. The voice on the other end interrupted me asking, By some lobster bisque, do you mean one bowl or three bowls? What exactly do you want? Needless to say, I wouldn't recommend staying here. There are plenty of other places to stay with friendlier staff and superior accommodations for around the same price point. Being stuck here for four days is certainly a disappointment.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	1	1	3	

<Author>mawmaw01
<Content>Best Stay Ever in Miami We are residents of Southwest Florida and travel often to Miami and have stayed at several locations there. The Miami Beach Resort  Spa was by far the best experience we have had in Miami. The hotel was fabulous and the service we received was the best we have experienced anywhere. The pool side restaurant and bar were great. The prices were reasonable in all of the restaurants. The drink prices were a little high, but the bartenders were so friendly that it was worth the little extra cost. We had such a great time lounging around the pool-They made it soooooo relaxing for us that we only left the hotel to take a late night walk on the beach. We had originally planned to go to other restaurants in the area, but realized quickly that there was no need to do that. Hats off to the chef for the wonderful job with my perfectly cooked filet. It was so tender, I could cut it with my fork. The service we receive is the most important thing to us when traveling and the Miami Beach Resort  Spa definitely excelled in this area. We will recommend this hotel to our friends and family and will definitely stay there again on our many trips to Miami. Thank you to the entire staff for your great service and friendliness. You truly made us feel welcome.  
<Date>Feb 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>pathmanindianapolis
<Content>Clean comfortable friendly attractive facility I stayed there as part of The Annual Review of Pathology given by the University of Miami. I remember it as The Doral. When I checked in I was immediately impressed by the efficiency and friendliness of the staff and how beautiful the renovations looked. They then told me it hadn't been recently renovated but would soon be. The room was very nice and very comfortable and so so quiet. A great sanctuary in the middle of a fast paced area. It had an almost old world European charm with a tropical motif. Other course participants (we are physicians) also told me they liked it a lot. Excellent value as well. Craig Novy  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wetmurb
<Content>Loved Miami Beach Resort  The Hotel was very clean. . All the staff were very friendly and helpful . The service was incredible.The food was good at both the Hotel and at the pool bar.The Hotel is on the beach.The rooms were spacious and pleasant. We loved the pool area. We certainly plan to return to the Miami Beach Resort and Spa.We also enjoyed South Beach,just a short distance from the Hotel. Bridie  jim Wetmur.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	4	4	5	5	

<Author>seanasdad
<Content>Nice experience in Miami My stay was only for a couple of nights, for a meeting at the hotel. The lady who cleaned my room was particularly nice and helpful. I never thought that anyone paid attention to comments left in the room, but she said it makes a real difference to them, and so I am happy to say that she was wonderful.I have no complaints about the hotel, the entire stay was a pleasure.Grant McFadden  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JimThomas
<Content>Outstanding Experience At the end of January 2007, we had the pleasure of staying at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa. We had never been there before, and one of us had not even been to Miami. I happened to request a 3 star hotel through Priceline and was pleasantly surprised to have this hotel come up as my location to visit.The staff was perfectly friendly, not overbearing and certainly not fake. We were greated by valet parking with absolutely no wait and when we got our car out of valet parking there was essentially no wait, either. We were offered help with our bags, of course. At the Hotel Desk, we felt immediately welcome by the staff. The beautiful interior felt like a luxurious home away from home and that was just the beginning.Upon arrival on the 10th floor, we were delighted to find a large room that was extremely clean. The bathroom had an oversized tub/shower and was complete with a phone :-) There was more storage than any hotel needs for a short visit but it literally felt like a home. The place is as gorgeous as the website indicates - even more so. It's located ON the beach and contains three restaurants on the premises.We arrived late to begin with. When we finally get set to go out on the town it was too late to find dinner so we asked the gentleman at the front desk about delivery options. He was exceedingly helpful and offered several options. He also called us when the delivery arrived. We had several great conversations with this fellow during our stay.During one of these conversation which must have been 2:00am, another fellow, the bell hop, overheard us talking about where we were from and struck up another conversation. These folks were completely genuine and seemed to take pride in the services that they offered.Finally, the next day, flights were delayed and we had to request a late check-out. The staff was happy to be able to accomodate us with a couple extra hours. We did not feel at all like an inconvenience to them. On the contrary, they went out of their way to make sure everything was fine and there was nothing else they could do for us. During this extension, we ordered room service and not only were we impressed by the service, but the food was deliciously prepared.I look forward to returning to the Miami Beach Resort and Spa as they left a positive taste of Miami on my mind.Although Priceline.com rates them 3 stars, we would go there over 4 star locations, any time. This place comes highly recommended by a couple people with high standards.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SunBoundFromMich
<Content>Little Shabby, Little Chic I just returned from a three night stay at the Miami Beach Resort  Spa for a professional conference. The hotel employee who took my reservation honored the specially negotiated group rate a couple of weeks before my arrival, although the group rate deadline had expired. I was pleased at the nice gesture, until I visited the hotel's web site and learned that I could have done slightly better on the rate by booking online instead! It certainly pays to do a bit of web surfing before calling the hotel directly for reservations. When I arrived at 1:30 in the morning, the desk clerk changed my room to a corner room with a great view (nice!). The room had recently been painted, and there were new linens to give the room a lift. The room was generally clean, but there were major water/mildew spots underneath the sink.It is clear that hotel management is trying to keep things presentable without investing too much money. The carpeting is old and dated with wild floral patterns on each guest floor and in the conference rooms. The knobs on the closet doors in the guest rooms look like they date to the 1950s. There are major cables and wires visible underneath the guest desks. This hotel, I am sure, was once a major showplace, as evidenced by the marble in the lobby and elegant crystal chandeliers. It has seen better days, though, and needs major updating.On a positive note, the staff is very friendly. The desk staff is wonderful, and the waiters at the Hibiscus Court (wonderful breakfast spot) are a delight. Also, as someone who enjoys her newspapers, I greatly enjoyed getting a complimentary copy of the Miami Herald AND the New York Times delivered outside my door early every morning.  
<Date>Feb 10, 2007
<Rating>3	2	2	5	2	5	5	4	

<Author>yitzmos
<Content>great hotel great location         
<Date>Feb 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	4	3	3	

<Author>abmiami
<Content>Loved it Not at all as negative as some people describe it to be. The employees were all super friendly and helpful. The decor may not be up to par with everyone's style, but the rooms are bright and clean..no complaints there.The Hibiscus Court is great for breakfast, with a wide variety of food to choose from that will suit anyone's tastes. Seabreeze Bar and Grill is a wonderful spot for lunch or just a break from the sun. It is breezy (hence the name), and the food is great too. I especially remommend the Ocean Bar and Grill (the pasta is the best I've ever had in my life). The only downside of the food is that it is somewhat overpriced, but worth it.The beach in front of the hotel was gorgeous and just right for soaking up the sun or taking a dip in the ocean. You could stay by the pool, but during peak sun hours the chairs are hard to come by. Towels are provided, but make sure you have your towel card (dumb rule).Valet is quick and friendly, don't be afraid to chat with them.The ONLY downside is the wait for the elevators. You are lucky to get on one within a few minutes and get where you are going quickly. Give yourself some extra time to deal with those, especially during the middle of the day.Overall, a great experience. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jan 24, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>sondeesrider
<Content>Beautiful This is a beautiful hotel right on the beach. The only drawback was the amount of tipping involved with your stay. We loved our room with 2 walls of it that were glass looking out over the bay area. We had wine and cheese waiting on us as we arrived. This hotel is perfect for couples. The lobby was breath taking. This is our second favorite Wyndham resort the first being Key West.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>badmama59
<Content>What a great place! My husband and I just returned from a 5 night stay at The Miami Beach Resort and Spa. What a wonderful getaway! We wanted to go some place warm yet stay in the United States. We couldn't have picked a better place to go. The hotel is beautiful. The entrance and lobby was very elegant, it made you feel special just walking in! Our room was on the 10th floor. While our room did not over look the ocean which I'm sure was a beautiful view, we did over look the intercoastal waterway and the city. At one point during our stay we considered asking if we could be moved to an ocean view but decided against it because we loved the view we had! The room itself was very comfortable, well maintained. Our maid (not sure of her name) did a great job getting our room ready before we returned from the pool - the room always looked great! Breakfast each morning was at the Hibiscus Court. You could order from the menu or choose the buffet, both were equally good, the service was wonderful. George, our waiter was very friendly, attentive and took great care of us.  The time we spent at the pool each day was very relaxing. It was a beautiful setting with palm trees, tropical foliage and just a few steps away was the beach.  We made our way to the Seabreeze Bar and Grill each day, which was poolside, where we had the pleasure of being taken care of by three of the best bartenders you'll come across - Elke, Zinna, and David. All three were fun to talk with, and made delicious drinks, the food there was very good as well! Another plus to this hotel are the shops on the lower lobby. The three shops had very nice selections to choose from so we chose from all three! We spent quite a bit of time at Southbeach which was so much fun! Lots to see and experience - good food, good shopping, good people watching!  I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone. Every aspect of our stay was truly wonderful from check in to check out! We can't wait to go back!!  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Fitzgig
<Content>Dissapointed This is one of the Grand Dames of old Miami Beach - but unlike her neighbors, she has not had a big time facelift. She needs one. While the lobby is pretty, and they have recently painted and carpeted - there is a need for a massive renovation here (like that going on at most of the other old gals). This hotel (the old Doral in the 60's) needs a major redo.We we told on check-in that there were no more King beds available, but that they could offer us a room with two queens facing the bay. That was ok to us - and the clerk assured us that these were queen beds. Well, we got to the room and the beds were doubles, circa 1990, with springs that you could feel and hear twanging. At the end of night one, we felt like we were in a I Love Lucy episode where Lucy and Ricky ended up sunk in the center of the bed and unable to get out. We asked to move to another room, but they were sold out.The windows that overlook the bay (and the highway) need to be soundproofed. Rooms closer to the ocean side of the hotel are quieter. Also, the side view rooms are really not bad. We finally changed rooms on our last night there and it was better.The rooms are somewhat shabby, but not for lack of trying to make it look better. The carpet was new and the paint was fresh, but it was sort of like looking at someone who is not aging gracefully - like a 80 year old woman with huge false eyelashes and pancake makeup. The bathroom sinks must have been made for the vertically challenged.It was also irritating that the internet connections were not included - and cost $9.95 a day. Now, I am prepared to pay for internet if I have to - but what really got my goat was that we signed in on check-in at 2 pm, but the internet charge renews each day at 3pm - but that is only if you do a cabled approach. So, we paid a full days charge for 1 hours worth of connectivity. The rules for internet are WAY confusing too. Wireless lasts from when you sign up until midnight of that day, no matter what time. Wired is from 3 to 3 each day. Then to add insult to injury - I took my laptop downstairs to the lobby area - and your room connection does not work there - you have to buy ANOTHER connection for another $9.95. So, I did not do that, but the next day I went to my meeting that was being held in the hotel and there was yet a THIRD connection required if you wanted to connect to the internet from any of the meeting rooms.This is insane. It also does not make good business sense to require that you buy three connections to be able to use the internet in various parts of the hotel. The meeting food was dismal, and they could not seem to keep the fruit flies off of the food. We had a fruit tray for 50 that was just covered with fruit flies - and an evening fancy dinner where I was served some sort of meat masquarading as shoe leather.If you do not return your pool towel and make sure you get a card to that effect, they add $25.00 to your hotel bill. Make sure you get your pool towel cards (for EVERY towel you check out) back to avoid getting charged. This was a challenge for people who came with kids.Check out is 11 am and they do not allow late checkout - although after serious arguing with them, they did allow us, but we had to escalate it up to the manager. The long and short of it is that this hotel needs a major reconstruction, especially considering how much it costs to stay there. I felt that I had to be on my guard at all times for sneaky ways that they tried to seperate us from our money. That is not a way to relax. I would not return here - I would look eleswhere for a better choice.  
<Date>Jan 22, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	3	2	1	2	1	

<Author>FromTheNorthShore
<Content>Seabreeze Bar and Grill mmmmm I really felt comfortable during a one week stay in Mid December 2006 when the weather wasn't the best. The hotel had everything I needed. My room did not have a view of the beach; but was very spacious and comfortable. I was there to attend a conference by myself; but quickly found friendly conversation at the beach bar and grill ' Seabreeze'. The staff were knowledgeable and humorous. The food was delicous and the portion size would put a truck stop restaurant to shame. I appreciate the art deco look of this recently renovated classic hotel. Cheers to David, Antonio, Zinna and Luther. I am looking forward to returning in 2007. Hoping for more sun this time.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>tgriffpi
<Content>Loved it! I stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa on New Years Eve and New Years Day and I did not want to leave. I came down for the Orange Bowl and I arrived a few days early to just relax. This resort had mixed reviews, but I loved it: nice people at the front desk - offered to extend my reservation at same price, great room - ready early, great pool - warm, great beach bar - limited menu, great fitness center. I stayed out by the stadium on the night of the game and I wish I stayed here. I would defintiely come back here. The other great thing is Shula's steak house is a short walk and the hotel next door has a great beach front sports bar.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2007
<Rating>4	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>ILLamr
<Content>Not bad like some reviews make it sound! I stayed at this hotel for the four nights immediately before Thanksgiving; a friend who lives in Miami thought we would like the area. Our stay was pleasant and we have no bad things to say about this hotel. The reviewer below me who posted last seems to have unrealistic expectations (most travelers know that the items in a minibar aren't free!!) and because I felt the resort's staff were helpful and did their jobs well, I find it hard to imagine that the sheets would have been an issue if he would have just called the housekeeping office and asked them to change his sheets... Also, I felt the property was well kept and very clean, so I have trouble with the notion that there were fleas...The pool and beach are great here! The pool was heated to a nice temperature, there were soft lounge chairs all around, and the outdoor restaurant was nice; we had good food and thought the service was friendly. The beach was immaculate and picture-perfect. Our room was rather spacious and as I mentioned before, very clean. One entire wall was a picture window which made the room bright and open with a nice view (we stayed on the 8th floor).The location was great for us. Although we went down to South Beach three of the nights for dinner, etc, we were always happy to get away from the crowds and noise. We had dinner at the hotel one night since we were leaving very early in the A.M. The restaurant's menu for dinner was good and we liked what we ordered. It was more enjoyable for us to spend our days in this quieter section... and SoBe is only a few minutes drive away. We felt like the hotel was a good value for money and can see ourselves going back again.  
<Date>Dec 29, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>From_orlando
<Content>Bad and Expensive I have stayed in bad hotels before, but the uncleaniness, rudeness and overprice and hidden fees were incredible. I have never stayed at a worst hotel. Definatelly the worst experience in hotels I have ever had.-Room was dirty and dusty-Sheets were dirtly (with blood) and where not changed in 3 days-Fees for everything including the use of the minibar-Rude and unpolite service desk attendants-FLEAS in the bedThere are so many nice hotels in the area, I have stayed in many ffor the same amount. Stay away from here, definatelly not worth the headache.  
<Date>Dec 25, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>rudycolleen
<Content>absolute delight My husband and I had never been to Miami but after our great experience this time we will definately be going back. It started with the friendly valet staff that greeted us when we first pulled in to check in. After catching our breath back from the beauty of the entrance/foyer of the hotel we were welcomed by the desk and concierge. Our check in was quick and easy and served with many smiles. We went to our room only to find a very well maintained room with a breathtaking view of the ocean. Our bed was even more comfy than ours at home, it was the first time ever that I slept through the night at a hotel! We had lunch at the bar and grill poolside. Our server was very sweet, friendly, and helpful. She gave us ideas for our night entertainment. Room service was great, our food was hot and a lot! It was very refreshing to go out and have such a great service. I would so recommend this hotel to my family and friends and we will definately go back again!The Guillory's  
<Date>Dec 15, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>z444
<Content>Had a great time, would come back.       Dining Room (Penthouse Suite)  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	5	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>MC9600
<Content>Not aging well, but a great stay! I used to go here as a kid when it was called the Doral. I went back for a couple of days with my kids. My cousin, who is a South Florida resident, came to visit us with her own son and commented. Isn't it funny that we are now hanging out with our kids in the same pool we used to hang out in?We were there during a hurricane watch. The staff handled everything wonderfully and kept us all calm. The bartender, who's name I can't remeber was very nice and generous with his drinks. The valet were efficent, as well as the front desk.The lobby is still breathtaking, but the rooms have seen better days. Our window was leaking from all the rain, but I just put a towel under it. The bathrooms could use some remodeling too.No problems with the elevators at all.Maybe this hotel has sentimental value to me, but I would totally recommend it. Its very freeway accessable and a short drive to South Beach!  
<Date>Dec 10, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>azprodigy
<Content>Overbooked penthouse !!!!!!       From a suite  
<Date>Dec 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	3	

<Author>lfalcon05
<Content>It was OK I booked this hotel thru their main company website (LXR). We stayed over the Thanksgiving holiday. I researched many many hotels and resorts in Miami beach and read many reviews. I was very concerned that this hotel would not be ok.It was OK. Not great but not as bad as some make it out to be - there are however problems. I booked a fall in love package thru the main website (they are owned by LXR) and the package included breakfast, an oceanview room with King and a bottle of champagne. I called the hotel to make sure that it would be accomodated that way and they assured me it would. When i arrived though, they had me booked into a room with two double beds (kinda hard for romance??) and the champagne was not there. I did however explain that I called and insisted that i get a king etc. The breakfast coupons were also not there but they managed after a few phone calls to get us everything we needed. - the problem is the hotel doesnt know what the corporate packages even are!!The hotel is filled with Europeans that LOVE TO SMOKE and are extrememely rude. Thats no fault of the hotels though. I am spoiled coming from California where we have strict smoking laws. But unfortunately everyone smokes - by the pool in the restaraunts - everywhere -its horrible. One day at the pool i was sunbathing and these people in front of me decided they needed shade so they put their umbrella up - and it covered me not them! I moved to another spot thinking at some point they might apologize but they didnt. And then to make matters worse they lite up the cigs. UGH... The rooms are ok, they need to be updated and there is no light in the shower so its kinda dark and hard to see. But its a big room with a lot of closet space and two sinks which is helpful for getting ready. Our maid left a lot to be desired in terms of cleanliness, I dont think she cleaned our toilet the whole time we were there - which for the money - I think she should - she basically made the bed and left towels and emptied the garbage. The view was nice - we were on the 6th floor - in the middle.The staff of the hotel was pleasant enough. The valet treated us well. You pay for parking everywhere, at every hotel and this one was no exception. $22 a day. Plus we tipped the valet. I noticed that the Europeans did not tip - and we ALWAYS got our car first. They know who treats them well and who doesnt.The only other downside was the breakfast - it was a buffet. Which was fine, but the wait staff - when they knew you had a coupon did NOT treat you well. One day in particular a new hostess was sitting us down and she screamed at us to give her the blue coupon?? I told her three times we dont have blue coupon, and she showed the coupon we had to one of the waiters and said something in spanish they shook their heads in DISGUST and sat us down. I was really upset and am going to write to the corporate office about the treatment. We went 4 days in a row, and each time we left a nice tip for them, thats the only time they said thanks - they assumed since its a free meal they dont get their usual 17 1/2 percent (its not free you pay extra for that in the package) but most dont tip on stuff like that (or so I heard and saw) ALSO gratuity is included at ALL restaurants so watch for that when signing your check.If you have already booked this hotel - dont despair, tip and complain nicely and they will help you. Unfortunately south beach miami is just really expensive and undergoing TONS of remodeling and new construction. I wont be going back. DONT go to Florida if you cant stand cigaretttes. Next time I think i ll stick with Hawaii.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>Heydimar
<Content>Loved the Hotel and Service, but hated the room Broken nighlites and awful, not functional drawers in the closet. The room needed some remodelations!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>DarthBane
<Content>Run Down...Go Elsewhere I'd give this a 1 star rating, but there were some pluses. My room did overlook the ocean, which was great. The view was awesome. And the beach access couldn't be easier. That's about it for pluses. You could get both of those (ocean view and beach access) at MUCH better hotels closer to the action of South Beach. I echo what the last reviewer said as he was dead on. The rooms do look like a grandma decorated them. Everything in the room looks old. He's right, stained comforters, carpet and chairs made me not want to even sit down. Again, to echo what the last reviewer said, if you value cleanliness and comfort in a hotel room, don't stay here! It is misleading because the web site makes it look like a posh hotel, and it's anything but. The toilet barely worked...Had to press it a couple of times before it flushed, and my phone didn't work at all. The one near my bed wasn't even plugged in, and it could not be because there was no jack. Nice prop. The one in the bathroom could receive calls, but you couldn't dial out because the number were broken. The room and closets smelled of mildew, and the location was not the best. It's about a 10 min drive from where you want to be in South Beach. Pool is nice, but you loose sun at about 3pm because the hotels block it out. Front staff is very unfriendly unless you speak Spanish. I had problems with my bill all weekend, and I had to keep going down there so they'd fix it. They were rude even though they were in the wrong. Way too expensive for what you're getting. Trust me, it's and old and worn out hotel. There are heaps more hotels to stay at that are better in South Beach.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	2	1	1	2	3	

<Author>daytonian
<Content>Miami Beach Resort and Spa - a pleasant surprise I had booked my stay at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa through a booking service for the meeting I was attending. My choice was based on availability and price for the dates of the meeting. I was not enthusiastic about a meeting in Miami Beach, but my arrival at Miami Beach Resort and Spa changed my mind.From the time the shuttle dropped me off, to the time I checked out, all aspects of the stay rated 5 stars with me. From the moment I stepped out of the shuttle, everyone I came in contact with at the hotel went out of their way to be of service, and to help in any way possible. Everyone on staff that I ran into during my 5-night stay was genuinely friendly. They went out of their way to be helpful, whether it was directions to the beach or pool, recommendations for places to eat in the area, or providing menus for places that would deliver food when I was too tired to go out. If they saw me looking confused, whoever passed by would offer to help.I was allowed to check in early, and the room was beautiful, very bright and cheery, with great views of the ocean and the Miami skyline (beautiful at night). I hated to ever leave the room.As an early riser, I was impressed by the cheerfulness of the staff in the Hibiscus room, and the way they remembered me from morning to morning, including all my individual preferences. They were the best. And the poolside/ocean view outside dining area was perfect for those hot afternoons.As I said earlier, I had dreaded the trip to Miami Beach, hearing only negative things from people who had gone there before. If they had stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa, I'm convinced they would have had a much better report. Of the 9 staff from my business that attended this meeting, all stayed in different hotels. From all reports, I stayed in the best hotel. I would consider going back to Miami Beach, and that's something I never thought I would say. Kay  
<Date>Nov 14, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kayapiper
<Content>Terrible - like a motel room Stayed here for a conference. Appalled at the room! I know that I payed a special rate of $150, but the room is terrible! I would equate it to a motel room. Looks like it was decorated by a grandmother, mismatched bedding, carpet, drapery. Everything in the room looks like it is 30 years old and purchased from a poor quality discount store. Worse yet, stained comforters and carpet. I didn't want to touch anything in the room. Worse 4 star hotel I've ever stayed in! If you value cleanliness and comfort in a hotel room, DO NOT STAY HERE! It is misleading because the exterior and first floor is very nice and remodeled.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	3	-1	

<Author>theremotepart
<Content>Lovely       view from window (18th floor)  
<Date>Oct 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Cameesh
<Content>Poolside restaurant rocks! We got off to a rocky start at the front desk. The $10 resort fee was not indicated anywhere during our Priceline transaction. We were forced to pay the fee or not stay in a room we already paid for, in total according to Priceline. We felt that we were victims of bait and switch. After that everything improved greatly. The hotel was beautiful, the location was great. The ocean water was 84 degrees in October. We had lunch outside at the Poolside restaurant. Our waitress, Zinna was fantastic. She offered to bring our food over to our lounge chairs. The food was great, the service was even better. When she saw us the next day she asked if we were ready for more mojitos. We decided the food was so good the day before that we'd eat lunch there again the next day. She remembered our particulars, even down to the light on the onions. Nice job, Zinna!Poolside was so enjoyable. People came around regularly offering cool towels, ice cream bars, fresh fruit - all complimentary. I did not expect that! Housekeeping could not have been frendlier. I liked the Rusk Calming Shampoo so much I asked for an extra bottle to take home. The housekeeper gladly gave me a couple bottles with a smile.The valet was very helpful in directing us back to the airport without a hitch. Great job turning a questionable start into a place that I would definitely visit again.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	4	4	4	2	5	-1	

<Author>Viajer
<Content>Incredible Stay--Atmosphere, Attraction and Hospitality In One Package I had a great time at the Miami Beach Resort and Sap. The beach is immediately behind the hotel; the actual property leading up to the beach is beautiful. There is a casual bar and grill 鈥?and two swimming pools adjacent to the beach; plenty of lounge chairs for relaxation and sunbathing. Palm trees and foliage surround the property. The hotel has several restaurants; one, open until 11 AM serving breakfast, offers a spectacular buffet. The rooms are roomy and attractive and the lobby and surrounding decor in the hotel boasts a touch of grandeur without pretension. There are several shops on property and a full-service spa for those inclined to indulge in shopping, relaxation or exercise. For others attending to business, the hotel has a user-friendly business center. The hotel's staff is superlative, going out of their way to assist guests. Housekeeping and the concierge merit special accolades. I walked along the beach, going for miles, but the interesting area is within sight of the hotel's property. The hotel property is in a prime location, centrally located on Miami Beach, within an easy commute to South Beach and downtown Miami. Overall, my stay was an excellent and enjoyable experience that I would highly recommend. The value is incredible. I would expect to pay much more for the services, atmosphere and accommodations at the Miami Resort and Spa. Highly recommended.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>CrazyCruiser
<Content>Friendly outgoing Pool Bar staff- Loved the View and company Miami Beach Resort and Spa had an excellent staff at the front desk, very professional and friendly. They made all attempte to make sure we were happy with our room. It was an excellent view we had a view of the ocean and pool. The staff at the Pool Bar were very friendly and made sure you had a great time. The Bar/resturant inside had some issues the food was cold and the bar did not make sure you always had a drink. At times you were looking for someone to make you a drink. The rooms were clean. The valet staff were on top of everything, you did not have to wait long for your car to be brought around. We will stay there again.....  
<Date>Oct 16, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>sunsh1ne5
<Content>Absolutely fabulous!! Myself and a group of friends just arrived back from an amazing holiday in Miami beach! It was undoubtedly the best holiday and best destination for any 20something year olds to visit!As soon as we arrived outside the hotel we were gobsmacked! It looks beautiful, and as soon as we walked in, we knew why it is a 4-star hotel.The porters were very quick and polite in helping us with our baggage, and made us feel very welcome as soon as we stepped out of our cab.The Miami beach resort and spa has a gorgeous reception area, very spacious and complete with chandeliers. The reception staff are always happy to help and so are any other members of staff wondering around!Our room was very spacious, with a big tv and good wardrobe space! (and complimentary newaspapers every morning!) The pool was also of great standards, and friendly pool staff! All in all, there is nothing that I can complain about with this hotel. And I feel that the only reason why it was not been given a 5-star rating is because of 2 big 5-star hotels very close by. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who is visiting miami beach, without a doubt!!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	3	4	3	5	4	

<Author>RSalt
<Content>Don't stay there, not even if it's your last option Our booked hotel in Coconut Grove was closed because they had no energy due to the hurricane, like most of the hotels around the city. At that point, since we did not know the city, it was about 21hs and it was getting kind of scary, we had no option but to stay at the Wyndham, at least they had energy! The hotel is quite expensive, for what it is, with extra fees and parking etc鈥?everything people say on the other reviews are true. But ok, we thought 鈥渨ill stay for overnight and then check into another hotel next morning鈥? The thing is next morning after we checked out, we waited the parking service to bring our rented car. That was the big problem. There were scratches on the trunck, like someone dragged a heavy luggage over it. The thing is, no one have access to the parking lot, except the parking drivers. Of course nobody had seen anything. None of the valet parking employees. The worst thing was when we asked to talk to the hotel manager, it took sooooooooooo long. The staff was passing the problem one to the other, and saying that the responsible for the Valet Parking was not there. They asked me if I wanted to contact him by celular phone (!?) what we did, but after a few words he said his crew would never do such a thing and then, the phone went down 鈥e never answered my next calls鈥?.The hotel on the other hand, said that they could not do anything about it because the problem was with the parking lot. Can you believe nobody wanted to talk to us, and take responsibility! There was this unprepared lady at the reception desk of the hotel that kept saying like a robot 鈥渨e can鈥檛 do anything about it, that is the procedure you have to talk to the valet parking鈥? But the hotel is the one who charges us for the parking. And they are in the hotel property. After we said we were going to call the police, just then a man from the hotel (above manager we think) came from somewhere and said that there was not going to be a problem gave us his phone number and etc. just this one person. The situation could have been handled in max. 30 minutes and it took almost two hours. WHAT CAN I SAY THE HOTEL SERVICE IS BY FAR THE WORST. THE PARKING LOT 鈥淥WNER/MANAGER鈥?WHICH TALKED TO US ON THE PHONE WAS RUDE. THE WOMEN AT THE RECEPTION DESK (WE THINK SHE WAS THE MANAGER) UPREPARED. DON麓T STAY THERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!! FOR THE PRICE , YOU CAN DO MUCH BETTER IN MIAMI.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2006
<Rating>1	1	2	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>babychickenwing
<Content>nice stay at miami beach My best friend and I just got back from a weekend getaway at Miami Beach. We both work in the hospitality industry. Due to that reason, we are a little picky on hotels we stay at. I can tell you the hotel is not as bad as the others saying. My best friend (travel agent) booked the hotel and we prepaid everything in advance. We didn鈥檛 have car, but $22 parking is better than $40 parking in NYC. We arrived after 9pm on Friday and got upgraded to a Jr. Suite. The room is very spacious, tons of closet space. The bed is comfortable, everything is very clean. We went running on the beach the next morning. Best morning run ever. We had lunch at the restaurant near the pool. Pretty basic menu. The beach is nice, clear water. We can see our own feet in the water, I am sure you can鈥檛 do that in New Jersey. By the way, the hotel doesn鈥檛 own the beach, why blame the hotel for a dirty beach?? We went to the hotel restaurant for dinner on our last night. Food was so so, but service was great. Over all, I think the hotel itself is average, but the service is excellent. I would like to thanks Brett (manager at the Bistro), Luciana (our server) and Juan (concierge) for such great service. You guys made our weekend trip such a pleasant experience. Hope to see you soon.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	3	3	3	4	3	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst Hotel Experience ever! Took me about 10 minutes waiting for someone to take our luggage out from our car.Went to the restaurant for lunch and took them half an our to prepare 3 cheeseburgers...and to then tell us that they've ran out the fish and chips that one of us had ordered !The beach was very dirty and not maintained at all.Of the 5 elevators that this hotel has, only ONE was working. To go down the lobby from the 16th. floor took us more than half an hour, and that is because I asked a maid if she could please tell us where the service elevator was so we could go down.At 11.30 PM the Fire Alarm went off and we all had to evacuate our rooms and go down the very narrow stairs 16 floors! We later found out that it had been a false alarm.My daughter who was in a room in the 15th. floor runned down in her pijamas and left her room card/key in the room. When asked the people at the front desk to please give her another card/key and/or open his room door, they DEMANDED to see an ID from her. Everything was locked in her room. They did'nt mind that I was her father and we both have the same last name or that was I who was paying the bills, They wanted to se HER PHOTO ID because the room was booked to her name!!!. So there she was in her pijamas in the hotel lobby in the middle of the night. I had to talk to several people untill someone there suggested that a security guard could come with us upstairs, open my daughter's room and then show him her ID with Photo.I'm 58 years old and have stayed in many hotelsin my lifeandt this was by far the worst experience I've had so far.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Great At All       river  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It鈥檚 really a nightmare!!!! I stayed one night at this hotel (Miami Beach Resort  Spa). It鈥檚 really a nightmare!!!! The room closed to the elevator. We could hear the elevator up and down the whole night. We called the front desk to change room. They were not really willing to change the room for us. They told us the elevator will be shut down and re-open at 9AM. They were liars. The elevator was re-opened at 7AM. We just had less than 5 hours of sleeping. I even found a pin from the bed cover, and the bath towel smells like someone peed on it. I definitely wouldn't choose this hotel again!  
<Date>Jul 7, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel!!!! I loved the Wyndham Miami Beach, now the Miami Beach Resort and Spa. The new ownership has improved this hotel, apparently, from when the others wrote their reviews because this hotel was beautiful, clean, the staff was friendly and courteous and fell over themselves to be helpful. The food was magnificent, the location great - couldn't ask for a more luxury feel for the price! Great job, I loved staying with you!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lilmagic75
<Content>Sweet Miami Beach Hotel I stayed at the Miami Beach Resort and Spa from 6/3-6/10/06 and I loved it!!!! Given all the negative reviews on the site (and other places) I was weary of the hotel but it was exactly what I was looking for. The hotel was beautiful especially the pool area. The daily resort fee gets you snacks poolside which were hand delivered by the very friendly pool staff. The drinks and food at the poolside bar were great and expensive but everything in Miami is expensive so it's wasn't a surprise. I would definitely consider staying here again.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>LetMeThink
<Content>Watch out for extra fees Rooms were comfortable but everything was so expensive. $22 valet parking daily fee. They dont have a free parking area, only other choice is to park several blocks away offsite. Their business center was not very friendly- I used their computer for 2 minutes and they charged me $13 for the privilage. You also have to pay for internet. Lets not forget about the mysterious $10 resort fee and 1.00 resort tax. For the pricing, the hotel did not offer the luxury one would expect in that price range. A bit disappointed. I probably would not stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 22, 2006
<Rating>2	1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Big, good value north beaches hotel Given how little I paid for this hotel ($80/night) I found the Wyndham Resort to be very good value.It's not the most modern of hotels, clearly being one of the older north beaches resorts. But it has a certain atmosphere about it.Didn't eat here, so can't comment on the food. Pool area was nice; usual towels and amenities. Near a nice quiet stretch of the beach and boardwalk. A few miles from the main action on South Beach - Collins Av buses whisk you there, then just cab it back.Room was large enough, and the large windows offer good views.  
<Date>Apr 8, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>nyxplant
<Content>Nice value, great experience, does need some updating though... This hotel is definitely getting a bad rap on here. I don't know what other folks are experiencing, but our experience was most positive.I was concerned, too, because of all the rants that have been written. I was so concerned that I contacted the Wyndham prior to arriving to seek assurance that we were going to be satisfied. Well, satisfy they did - and then some. The front desk manager personally responded to my email and reassured us that while the hotel is in need of some (upcoming) renovations, it is in no way in such a state as some of these reviews would have you believe. The rooms are outdated a bit - the tile is old, as are the carpets. The hotel will tell you this, if you ask. I think the rates reflect this. You can get some pretty discounted rates for this property.Also contrary to some reviews, they DO participate in the ByRequest program (frequent travelers program) and you'll receive your upgrade, welcome drinks, newspapers, etc. Another myth debunked. The bedding was all fairly new - not stained or old as some have suggested. Actually the beds were very comfortable and the sheets very crisp.The most noticeable areas in need of improvement are definitely the bathrooms - the grout is stained (clean, but stained) and there is some corrosion on some of the fixtures - but then again, it's 50 years old...so it's in relatively good condition for that age. It wasn't such an issue that we thought to even complain, however. It was as they had informed us.The elevators were slow at times - and a few didn't always seem to respond to the button requests - I don't know why...but they were generally responsive and not too bad.As for the purported rudeness, we experienced exactly the opposite - outstanding, friendly, over-the-top service. David at the pool bar stayed open more than 2 hours after close to serve the people who were still having fun...Lillian (?) in the Hibiscus restaurant serving us great fresh squeezed orange juice...Dawkins the bell hop who took us to our room and was just so friendly...Arris who let us park our car in the front for a little while when we just wanted to run in for a few minutes...Estela (?) at the pool who comes around with complimentary apples, orange slices, pina coladas and lots more while you're lounging around the pool. The pool staff does a wonderful job of keeping the pool area clean and neat. Dina (?) was just so nice and friendly while we were down there.Lastly, Stacey - the front desk manager, was the sweetest of all, responding to our email concerns - calling us personally in our room to make sure everything to our satisfaction - and personally checking us out upon our departure. We couldn't have been more pleased.The property's location on the beach is perfect. Great sandy beaches and soft sand bars to walk out onto. The boardwalk is just down the beach two doors and it's a beautiful evening stroll. The sand is groomed every morning by a beachcombing bulldozer crew - keeping it nice and trash free.The food in the hotel was very good. Great buffet breakfeasts and very nice dinners overlooking the pool.This is not a 5 star hotel - although it will be after the renovations are complete. But it is, in my opinion, worth the rates that they charge. Don't believe the rants - this place is very nice. I've found in my travels that people will treat you in similar ways that you treat them. Perhaps some of the folks had some bona fide bad experiences, but I would guess that quite a few were being quite demanding of this place and expecting luxuries that they are not able to provide. I would encourage you to contact the front desk prior to arriving to talk to them about the room and your expectations so that there are no surprises when you arrive. If I can be of any help, please feel free to contact me.Bon voyage!  
<Date>Apr 6, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a resort really My husband and I stayed at this resort for a four day period. The lobby is nice but the rooms were smelly. The beds were very uncomfortable and the bedding was at least twenty years old (developed a rash from the bedcover). The water temperature in the shower flucuated from extreme cold to extreme heat. When the hotel was busy it could take at least 20-30 minutes to get an elevator. The food was average. They only served food till 11pm and there was no place to have a drink in the evening. The cab drive is between $15-20 each way to South Beach. I would recommend staying in South Beach and paying extra because you are not saving on cab fare. The staff did not seem very friendly except for the women in the downstairs shop that helped me out with a needle and thread when I was in a pinch. This hotel is definitely too far from the action. The price for food was outrageous at the outdoor bar for the quality they were serving. Head in directly to South Beach for your meals.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hudsonwriter
<Content>Watch out for resort feees There are good and bad things about this hotel. Here's what you need to know:The Good - the bedding is great, the room was clean and the staff are really wonderful and helpful and the food at the Seabreeze restaurant at the pool was really tasty.The Bad - There was construction on both sides of the hotel when we were there Monday and Tuesday (March 20/21, 2006)They charge a resort fee of $10 plus $1.30c tax which really upset me given that I booked an Expedia package through Wyndham Vacations.They have an ontime check in guarantee of 4pm, we arrived at 3.30pm with a baby and were left waiting until 5pm, despite the fact we were told that we'd be called on our cell at 4pm.The property has a nice setting looking out on the beach, but the decor needs a serious update!! Also there's a board walk that starts at the entrace of the Miami public beach a couple of doors down, its not that far away but makes life with a stroller a little difficult. Also the hotel has a number of steps inside which meant we constantly had to carry the stroller to get to the pool.For the money I thought this was pretty poor value overall. A flight from Newark and three nights here cost us $1700. (We were told by Wyndham reps that a seat was required for our 4 month old baby on board the flight, tho Continental said that was not true.)Not sure who to believe here, but anyway.I'd recommend checking out the nearby Eden Roc hotel, they have a superb property with a great restaurant that looks into the ocean. Don't know how they are on price, but shop around.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kirsty1901
<Content>The most awful service. Ever. We ended up in this hotel (or, resort) on our honeymoon, after complaining to British Airways (our tour operator) about the hotel we had originally booked, further up Collin's Avenue.I have no real complaints about how the hotel looked - we had a nice enough room on the twelfth floor with a sea view. However, we both felt the service at this hotel was particularly awful, and took our concerns up with the tour operator on our return to the UK.Basically, the reception staff at this place are little short of incompetent. In a very distressed state, as I'd just had my wallet stolen, I asked the reception desk for help. They guided me towards a payphone to phone the Police! When I asked them for help to cancel my bank cards, they more or less refused. It was only after my husband kicked up a stink about the level of service and spoke to a manager, that they agreed to help me with this, and let me use a computer with internet access to track down the phone numbers I needed. As my safe key was also in the stolen wallet, they then informed me that they would charge me $75 to open the safe. However, this charge too was dropped after I called the tour operator.The restaurant and poolside bars are pricey, service is slow, and quality is poor - take the bus into town where there is more choice and better service. Be warned - the reception will attempt to charge you $3 to borrow a corkscrew, even it's to open an overpriced bottle of wine from the mini bar!Another warning about this place: give them your credit card details upon check-in, and they will attempt to charge you for things you didn't agree to after you leave! When we checked out, we paid what we believed to be our final balance. However, on our return to the UK, my husband discovered that 拢38 had been taken from his card, suppossedly for mini bar charges. Again, we were lucky enough to have this wrongly applied charge refunded after complaining to BA.I really would not consider going to this hotel if I were you - especially if you are going to Miami on Honeymoon!  
<Date>Mar 20, 2006
<Rating>1	1	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>adw1977
<Content>nice hotel This hotel was nice valet was a little extreme considering it was $22.00 a day but overall the hotel was clean bathrooms were nice tons and tons of storage if you plan on staying awhile. Big windows with a view of the intercoastal on one side and a view of the ocean of the other that opened 4 inches for a nice breeze and sound of the waves. Beach wasnt as clean as Fort Lauderdale but its the beach and it wasnt bad at all. Beach bar was very nice bartender was great drinks were reasonable and it had heated pool. Little shops in the lower level were quite nice. Overall this hotel is a pretty good deal we booked of hotwire for 106.00 a night and they allowed us to check in at noon when we arrived which was unexpected. I would stay here again you are far from the action.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only stayed one night. We had booked a week in the Wyndham on International Drive and a week at this hotel in Miami.On arrival in Miami there wa a sign saying VALET PARKING ONLY which we were going to be charged $156 that we knew nothing about.After leaving baggage in room we went for a walk for something to eat.There was nothing around other than a Burger King.When we returned to the hotel and asked where the bars,shops and restaurants were. We were told they were 3 miles down the road.There was someone on the phone in the next room to us and you could hear every word.They also decided to watch T.V.at 3A.M.Next morning we went to look at Miami and decided that was enough so we checked out and went back to International Drive.They tried to charge us $100 for leaving early even though the room was paid for in advance fot the full week.This hotel is more for conferences etc.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2006
<Rating>1	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Cheryl002
<Content>OK place for a couple of nights. My daughter and I stayed here for 2 nights before joining a Royal Caribbean cruise. We were a bit apprehensive about the hotel, as the reviews weren't that good. We were pleasantly surprised. We got there at dusk, and the view from our window on the 17th floor was absolutely amazing. The sun was setting and the skyline of miami one side and the creek and mansions and the beach on the other was something we will always remember. We can't fault the hotel for cleanliness, helpfullness or friendliness. Everyone seemed pleased to help. We had room service a couple of times, which we were impressed with.I must admit, we only stayed two nights and one whole day, and we were glad we weren't staying any longer, as there is nothing nearby. We got a cab into the busier art deco area, but if you were there for a week or more, I think you would struggle for things to do. The beach was lovely, but by 2pm the sun was shaded due to the high rise hotel next door, and there was no sun anywhere (even around the pool) unless you walked a good distance down the beach, and then you weren't allowed to use their sunbeds as they belong to the condos they are opposite.We did eat in the restaurant on one night, and it was OK, quite small and food was OK and the staff were friendly.All in all, a good place to stay for a couple of nights. The rooms were spacious, clean and we had fantastic views.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't stay here The only good thing about this about this place is the easy access to the beach. I attended a conference here and stayed for four days, and it really was terrible.- the carpet in my room smelled bad and felt old and dirty- the tub wasn't even scrubed clean and the drain was clogged up (the water was draining very slowly)- one of the cushions on the bed had nasty white stains on one side- one day, I couldn't get lunch because they weren't prepared for the volume of people - at one dinner meal, I never received my complete order (and two other dinner meals took at least half an hour to be served)- one evening, I was given the wrong dinner bill...twice!- at one breakfast meal, I was served a bowl of berries...but there were bugs crawling out and after moving the fruit around a bit, I discovered moldy blueberries underneath (I think someone in the kitchen just grabbed handfuls of unwashed fruit and plunked them into the bowl)- one staff member at the registration desk couldn't even tell me where one particular meeting room was located- many of the staff were unattentive and quite rude- one of the washrooms (on the lower level) strongly smelled like urine one day- after having a couple of my meals and beverages at this place, I developed a horrible stomach ache that lasted from Monday afternoon until I left on Wednesday afternoon...and I also heard other people complaining about similar stomach problems All in all, an absolutely horrible place. I don't even know why it's called a resort! Spend your money elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 16, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>backtomaui
<Content>Wyndham just ok! I thought the Wyndham was comfortable but nothing special. We were in a junior suite and it was quite large with many closets. The beds were comfortable enough, but not spectacular. The pool area is very nice and comfortable - great lounge chairs. I did not swim but enjoyed sitting down there. The only downside there is you can't see the beach from the pool area. We had a $10 latte at the poolside bar/restaurant and it was simply horrible! The food was also just average and the service was incredibly slow.When in South Beach, go walk through the Delano at night - walk through the lobby, all the way out to the pool bar. We were there around midnight on Saturday night and it was totally happening!  
<Date>Feb 10, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>SE-Explorer
<Content>Wyndham Miami Beach-No Resort, but OK 3 star Wyndam Miami Beach Resort Currently here for a conference and was concerned prior to arrival given the previous reviews. I tried to keep and open mind and be objective for my own impressions. Upon arrival the lobby is pleasant and was rather busy. Other conferences were here and it was rather lively at the entrance where people were taking smoking breaks. Lobby is nicely appointed with stone/marble floor and small seating areas, though no grand lobby.  Upon check-in, we had to argue to get our reserved rate honored; we had to wait 15 minutes while the desk manager was called to rectify this. When then had to wait again to have the negotiated internet access, included in our package, honored. We did have to pay $8 for the in-room cable (so bring your own to avoid this cost). The attitude at the front desk seems to be we were getting the rate/internet access out of some largesse, when in fact I had THEIR printed confirmation of the rate/inclusions in black in white.  We did not received our promised welcome package (fruit, water, etc) but as this hotel does not participate in the 鈥淲yndham by Request鈥? that would explain the miserly attitude. We were not the only people at check in who were complaining. The front desk staff seemed to have their hands full with guest problems. The room was pleasant. We were 鈥渦pgraded鈥?to a 15th floor suite, meaning a slightly larger room with a sitting area and 2 banks of large north facing window (over looking a large construction project). We did have a side partial ocean view. It would have been nice if the hotel washed the exterior windows, as they were filthy (it hadn鈥檛 rained in nearly 4 months so it wasn鈥檛 just water spots from rain). The bed was comfortable and our request for firmer, foam pillows was quickly fulfilled. The room had a spacious seating area with four-arm chair and a sofa bed, coffee table, side tables. The work area was fine too- nice roomy desk next to another armchair and ottoman. The lighting in the room was rather dim, but I do appreciate the energy conservation attempts with the fluorescent bulbs in all the fixtures. If one incandescent light would remain at the desk for the work surface, that would be very helpful.  I could hear the elevator right next to our room, but even as a light sleeper, only used my earplugs one night. The furnishings are a bit dated and the mattress quilt is faded. The pool (no hot tub/Jacuzzi)  kiddie pool area are very nice and the fitness center is adequate 鈥?treadmills, weight machines, etc. There is a lot of storm/wind/water damage apparent at many, many properties up  down the beach. And a lot of demolition and construction, so perhaps that is why there鈥檚 no Jacuzzi?  The location on the beach is lovely for walking. The drawback to being in the 4800 of Collins is there are no restaurants/shops within easy walking distance. The closest on Arthur Godfrey are about 1.5 miles away - across the busy 6-lane boulevard of Collins Ave. We did use the (air-conditioned) buses up and down between North  South Beach, which are very quick and convenient on Collins.  All in all, we had a pleasant stay. Just keep your documentation for your negotiated rate, amenities, etc., be persistent and be advised that many of the staff are not adequately trained in customer service. I would not rate this hotel as a 鈥渞esort鈥?despite its title, more a 3 star hotel. My expectations were not high for this hotel and thus I was not disappointed.  
<Date>Feb 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Less Than Average Appeal This hotel was horrible. Although, the entrance is beautiful with excellent banquet facilities, the actual rooms are gross. The bed spreads were so old and stained that you didn't even want to touch them. The bathrooms haven't been refurbished in years. The carpet was filthy. The shower didn't drain and I had water up to my knees in less than 2 minutes while taking my shower. The bathroom is not well lit. The television didn't even come in clear. There was no ethernet cord and the Wi-Fi connection is expensive. The business center had a minimum of $13.00 computer usage fee. Compared to other hotels with a minimum average of $5.00.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2006
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Would not stay here again. I stayed here in January 2006 for a 5-day conference. This is not qualified as a resort. Rooms are a bit run-down as other mentioned. We are assigned to a room so close to the elevator and couldn't sleep all night due to its noise and had to move out to another room further down.One of my colleague in a different room said his room has coach roaches. Welcome to the roach motel.We tried the pool, better in the morning because in the afternoon, the bottom has plenty of trash, ugh.We also are Wyndham By Request member and learned we can't even get free Internet access requested here because this hotel is not participating, duh! Have to pay for Internet access, and wireless access is not even working properly most of the time. Would I stay here again for this price, no.  
<Date>Jan 25, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad employee attitudes=Bad customer service From the time we arrived to the time we left the staff at Wyndham made us feel as if we were not paying to stay there. I have never seen such a wide spread sweep of bad attitudes like this in a hotel/resort. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jorrep
<Content>While waiting for the cruises Stayed there for three nights before entering a Royal Caribbean Cruise. The hotel was OK with friendly staff and large rooms, but a bit worn-out and outdated in style. As a Swede I like to walk everywhere, and the distance to the art deco-district was acceptable, even for my 70 year old mother-in-law. But the next time we will stay some blocks south of this hotel, closer to restaurants and shopping.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Outdated and run down! I'm a business traveler, and have high expectations. All the same, at nearly $200/night, I expected more out of Wyndham that has, generally, exceptional accommodations across the country. Miami Beach is NOT one of them.My stay began with no valet or doorman to assist me with my car. I waited several minutes before giving up and leaving it parked while I checked in. The room was a throwback to the 鈥?0鈥檚 with dated d茅cor, and sheets so past their useful life, they were thin and gray. The phone plugs were broken and dangling off the walls by their wires. The clock-radio was missing, the remote on the TV worked intermittently, and the movie service was down. There weren鈥檛 any available electrical outlets by the desk, and there was no Ethernet cord available to use the high-speed Internet connection. Although the breakfast was to my expectation, I felt like I was eating in a corporate caf茅, sterile and outdated.It seemed that the motel style rooms off the pool were being renovated. While I didn鈥檛 have time to enjoy them, the pool and beach access seemed nice鈥?if you can get past the 80鈥檚 appeal to the surroundings. Make sure to ask for the refurbished rooms if you have to stay here. Otherwise, try your luck elsewhere.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tikidream
<Content>Christmas in Miami Beach My husband and I booked this as a package on a last minute travel site. We read these reviews AFTER booking and were a bit nervous in arriving. We fortunately had a great experience! Our room on the 10th floor was big and clean and non-smoking. we had a side view - not facing the construction - and could see the ocean from our room. We didn't experience any rudeness on the part of staff - and we were there Christmas Eve and Christmas day, when the majority of staff don't want to work! the Pool was nice, but mostly in the shade by afternoon. the beach is clean and the fitness center is great! The bus stop is right outside the hotel so you don't need a car - eliminates the parking fee and valet hassle. Multiple buses run to South Beach and North to Bal Harbor as well as the night owl (11pm to 5am if you want to party) - we felt safe on the bus and actually picked up some local tips on where to go... We also didn't pay the resort fee people mentioned - maybe it was wrapped in to our package deal and we didn't notice. Bathroom and towels were clean and quite large. I'd go back if I got another deal - I wouldn't, however, pay the posted $440/night rate.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised After reading some of these reviews, I was afraid I had made a mistake in booking this hotel, but we were pleasantly surprised. The staff was very friendly and helpful. The public areas were bright, clean, tasteful, and in good repair. Our guest room was spacious, clean, and generally in good repair, with the exception of a couple of cracked tiles in the bathroom. My brother was traveling with a broken leg, but found the hotel easy to navigate. We were also able to borrow a wheelchair from the hotel for longer ventures. This area is strictly hotels and condos, so the only restaurants in the area within walking distance are those associated with the hotels, but there are plenty to choose from. Also, be aware that the price for the same item may vary greatly within the hotel. The price for a 20 oz. bottled soft drink was $3.27 in one shop and just over $2.00 in another.My only criticism is that the concierge was not very helpful when we asked for tour suggestions.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jills12
<Content>Mixed review       Our room  
<Date>Jan 2, 2006
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Come Back I will never go back to this hotel.The main reasons:1. It looks and feels a very old hotel.2. On top of what you already pay for the room+tax, they charge you 22$/night per overnight parking + 10$ resort fee. This is outrages.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>PAULATUR
<Content>Pleasantly Surprised at Wyndham I too was expecting the worst. I booked on a discounted web site and got a great deal. I arrived at 2 PM and was greeted by a very friendly front desk person who accomodated my request for a high floor with a view, and allowed us to check in early. We had a great view of the beach and ocean. The room was a bit dated but was clean and roomy. I can't find one bad thing to say about this place.  
<Date>Dec 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>liked our stay after reading some of the adverse reports I was expecting some drawbacks but could not find any at this hotel.It offers good quality accommodation with friendly and courteous staff,a really good pool area on the quiet Miami Beach a restaurant serving good food (if a little overpriced).I would not recommend this hotel to anyone wanting to be in the more lively South Beach area (which if truth be told I found to be sleazy and vastly overpriced in parts).Overall we had a pleasant and enjoyable stay and can't imagine what people want for the average prices paid at this establishment.Well done the Wyndham Miami Beach Hotel staff.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No More ByRequest We made a reservation at the Wyndham planning to take advantage of its ByRequest program. When we arrived, we were told that as of November 1 the hotel was no longer participating in ByRequest. We had reserved a hotel with the promise of free internet access, free phone calls, late check-out and other ByRequest Amenities. We were very disappointed to receive none of the promised amenities. In addition, our non-smoking room stunk of old smoke and we had to wait in a long line to obtain a new room. Otherwise, the hotel was fine.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Infested rooms, to begin with... I will never go back! Our first room - we woke, and there were small insects (bed bugs?) all over the table and night stand. We asked for another room, and they gave us one three floors away... more bugs. If that isn't disgusting enough... We were there for a conference. They lost stuff we had shipped to the hotel. It was never found. Lastly - we had dinner in the Ocean Room or whatever it is called. After waiting an hour and 1/2, our steaks came out undercooked, as did our lobster tails. The rooms were smallish, the service was bad. Hair in the shower drain. I could go on and on, but I would rather forget the whole experience.  
<Date>Nov 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>chrisvnardmore
<Content>Wilma made us stay longer We had reserved the room for one night through a third party site. we ended up having to stay an extra two nights due to the storm. The hotel provided food and water while here and we were one of the first hotels to get power back on Tuesday morning. I never had a problem with the staff and the beach was clean. The hotel does charge an extra $10 a day for resort fee and even chraged us this for the day the hurricane hit. All together it was a pleasant stay and the room was clean and not large but for the price we paid compared to other rooms of the same size in the area it was good. Also, we did have to take a cab the entire trip but we chose to do it rather than risk driving after drinking the entire trip. It is about an $8 ride to south beach and the cabs are readily available. We stay at Wyndhams alot and this one was about the standard as others. I would stay here again and the staff was friendly.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>safa_in_England
<Content>Very dissapointed I stayed at the Wyndham for 2 days in October whilst on a conference. On arriving I was made to wait 20 mins before being able to check in as they were running reports on the computers. This type of service set the tone for the two days. This hotel definitately does not deserve 4 star status and is probably an upper 2 to lower 3 class at best.  
<Date>Oct 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>earing
<Content>We had a good time. We stayed at the Wyndham a few weeks ago and had a very good time. The room was clean, not huge but certainly enough. We had an ocean view which I highly recommend. It is right on the beach and has a great pool. The food was very good a little pricy but ok. A few suggestions, one if you can bring some bottled water or sodas, we wound up spending $25 for two bottles of water and three diet cokes. Also there is construction right next door and it gets pretty loud during the day. The lounges right on the beach are great. I have never had problems with rude staff when we travel, same here, we had friendly service wherever we were. We would go back. Make sure and check out the art deco district.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>KimGordelier
<Content>Wasnt that bad actually My family (me, hubby, son 24 and daughter 18) stayed here for 4 nights after a mini cruiselast week. We arrived from Nassau the same time as hurricane rita so spent the first 2 days in our room. Wasnt too bad, a bit windy, went for a walk and decided it was as bad as March in England. The winds left quite a bit of rubbish on the beach which wasnt cleared up. So stayed by the pool. New hotel being built next door so was a bit noisy. Thought the room was ok. Lovely big windows and a good view of the sea one side and Biscayne Bay and the posh houses the other side. The stuff in the mini fridge is a bit expensive. Staff were not too friendly. The conscierge people were nice though. Not much to see or do nearby though. My kids are vegetarians and struggled big time with food. Ended up cooking soup and instant mash in the coffee makers. Great fun. Jump on a bus outside to Ocean Drive, its only $1.50 each and there is a night bus to come back on. Thought the hotel was fine for a short stay. Hubby liked the gym. Dont order room service just before they close because they cant be bothered. My burger was not cooked (raw and cold in the middle). Got a refund so wasnt too bad. Maids are a bit annoying though, if you want a lay in, they wait outside your door and talk noisily.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Stay away I have just returned from Miami. We stayed at the Wyndham Miami Beach resort. It advertises itself on being a luxury 4 star hotel. Sadly this is not the case. It is probably the worst hotel we have ever stayed in. The staff are rude, we had 2 false fire alarms at night, the rooms are dirty and the walls paper thin. A vacant room next to us- the radio alarm went off at full sound at 2.3-am in the morning- it took three phone calls and over an hour before someone bothered to come to switch it off.I had read the poor reviews on this site before we went but thought wrongly that it would be ok. If you are thinking about staying here...DO NOT!! Change to the nearby hotel Eden Roc which is recently renovated and very stylish. The best thing that could happen to the Wyndham is for a bulldozer to knock it down....it really is that bad!  
<Date>Aug 27, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hrhweezie
<Content>Ok Hotel - far from everything! The hotel room was nice. Staff was also friendly and helpful. The beach was ok, but not great. it was a beautiful view, but the beach was littered with cigarette butts. Also, saw a few condoms. Not exactly my ideal beach!Also, the hotel is much farther from the nightlife that it sounded. Cabs or a car are necessary for everything. Basically, after you pay for transportation, then door far, and finally a drink - Miami is way to expensive for what you get. The clubs were crowded, the people annoying and fake. I can't figure out what people see in it. I'm in no rush to ever go back!  
<Date>Aug 12, 2005
<Rating>3	3	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Tara2Traveler
<Content>close to the beach, far from the action I stayed at the Wyndham miami beach for 2 nights with a couple of my friends. It is located close to very chic miami beach resorts which is pretty cool considering the deal you are getting. It is right on the beach and has a nice pool area. I ate lunch at the bar near the pool and the waiters/bartenders were super friendly. The beds in the room were average, but everything else about the room was nice. My few complaints: the noise from the local construction was very distracting and interupted pool-side relaxation; the food is overpriced and since there is nothing within walking distance, you either eat there or take a cab. If you are looking for crazy south beach fun, this is not for you. If you want a hotel out of the way, but close to the beach, i would definitely stay here.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>coffeebeans101
<Content>Not so good not so bad. I spent one night with my g-friend on 07/16 our second time in a year for weddings. The rate was great for the area but this property is old. I would say it鈥檚 a great family value for those looking to stay on south beach without the high prices. They have a large pool with cabana rentals available. The food can be pricey and not so good. The breakfast buffet is good though. The rooms are spacious but the comforters and pillows need upgrading. They have been slowly updating the hotel but they should have sank more money into it and made it more contemporary. It has a well-kept older facility feel to it. Boring but not a rip off.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>kahng
<Content>Mediocre The hotel was okay. The service was pretty lousy. Our flight was delayed so we didn't arrive until 11:15 p.m. on Thursday. We were starving and were expecting to either eat in the hotel restaurant or order room service. Neither were available. Both stopped service at 11:00 p.m. We asked the front desk if the hotel bar served food and the gentleman's response was that he didn't know. We asked him of places we could go to around the hotel to eat. His suggestion was Denny's about 40 blocks away (sorry, I refuse to eat at a Denny's when I'm in a new city). It was obvious to us that he was either unable or unwilling to help us. Either way, we thought it was a lousy way to start our stay.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Bodgerbill
<Content>The worst 4 star hotel that i have ever stayed in What a disappointment. I booked a 2 week holiday at the Wyndham Miami Beach  ended up checking out after 1 day. We booked our holiday with Virgin which rated the hotel as a 4 star - perhaps this rating was correct back in the 70's, but certainly has not been reviewed in the last few decades.We had booked a non smoking room with a beach view on a lower level of the hotel - When we arrived, we were given a room on the top floor (20th floor) which absolutely stunk of smoke. The bathroom was in need of repair - the shower just about worked  there was no bath. We were given a view - but of a building site next door.We spoke to the hotel management  in their defence they were very apologetic. In fact they offered us the use of one of their suites - unfortunately this was no better - had the same dirty smell - old bed linen  the bedroom door was at least 4 inches from the floor, in fact anyone could have got their arm under the door  opened it whilst we were asleep. We were not the only guests complaining.In addition to the shabby rooms, the swimming pool was awful. It looked like a council run pool  all the local kids were playing in it amongst all the dust  dirt coming from the building site next door.To add to our nightmare, the hotel was described as being a short distance from South Beach - I do not consider 40 blocks a short distance! There was nothing in the vicinity  no where to eat except for a 24 hour cafe called Dennys! Great if you love fried fast food - awful if you dont!We checked out the very next day  had to pay an additional 拢1500 to stay in a hotel in South beach. I am now trying to get compensation back from our Tour Operator.Once we moved to the Ritz Carlton South beach - also a 4 star but worthy of 5 we had a fabulous time!To summarise - if you are expecting a nice 4 star hotel DO NOT stay at the Wyndham Miami Beach - it is a 2 / 3 star at the most!I am well travelled  have stayed in all sorts of hotels - but have to say that this was one of the worst - The pictures on the hotel website must have been taken when the hotel was first built / renovated - because it doesnt looks anything like that now. I hope my review makes you think twice about staying here.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Just Awful I really didn't think i'd ever feel as strongly as to write a scathing review, but i had a really disappointing start to our honeymoon here.The food in the hotel restaurant was awful and very bad value (It cost more than at the 5 star hotel we stayed at on the way home), the room was not clean. I look back now and wish i had made a complaint but too late now. the Pool was ok but dated. Generally bad value all round.However i would say this was no reflection on the service, although i was annoyed that gratuity was added i feel that i should be able to make that judgement. It was also a fantastic Location (just $8 from Lincoln road and all the restaurants which was a relief after tasting their food).I had joined the 'By request Scheme' which gave us a late check out and a few other bonuses. If i hadn't done that it would have been a truly awful 3 nights.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Coral-Rose
<Content>Great hotel, horrible service          Hotel entrance  
<Date>Jul 20, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>johngemmell
<Content>A Good place to watch Dennis We recently stayed for 3 nights. It was only supposed to be 2 nights but Dennis arrived and stopped us heading off to the Keys. We really liked the location of this hotel. Yes it is about 30 blocks away from all of the action of SoBe, but that is a good thing in that you can enjoy the nightlife and then relax during the day ( It is less than $10 in a taxi for goodness sake). What was nice was that it was surrounded by water and the nice pool area backed straight on to the beach. We found the staff to be fine with the possible exception of the front desk who were a bit abrupt. We never really had high expectations of high service in Miami. It also has a really old fashioned safety deposit box room behind the front desk that annoyed me. The rooms were of good quality. Advice if possible would be to ask for a corner room with glass windows on two sides and also to be in Floors 9 and above in case of any functions. Overall this hotel was fine and a good base to enjoy SoBe from.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My stay during FSASC was the worst experience and I'm also a Cruise Agent too!!! I must agree with several others about this hotel. The pictures make it look nice, but when you walk inside and try to speak with the people working there, it's useless.I was there for a trade show and had $5000 worth of equipment left outside after telling the bellhop to bring it in 3 times. He never did bring it in, my collegue ended up bringing it in instead. Then we were told to wait for someone to take our stuff up to our rooms becuase it was THEIR job....hahahaha...no such luck for 15 mins so we took it up when they weren't looking instead.The staff was very rude and I actually had a maid walk in my room, even after telling her I was getting dressed and had a DO NOT DISTURB sign up...might be better if were in several languages (just a thought).I must admit that the room was fine and the pool area was nice, but the pool bar closes prior to sunset, so you can't even get a drink when it cools down outside.I tried eating the breakfast buffet ($21.00) with included tip and tax (what a joke) and was very unhappy with both service and food. The sausage and potatoes were hard and gross and they never put any additional ham out. The only good things were the fruit and cheeses. I was never even asked if I wanted anything to drink like OJ.Lastly, they refused to give me my car from Valet since my room wasn't under my name in their computer. They actually had my name in their, but my boss had made the reservation and the car was put under his name. I had to go all the way to the manager of the hotel to prove that it was my car. This put me a full hour behind my scheduled time to leave and had a 5.5 hour drive ahead of me.....this was not a good thing.I am also a Cruise Agent and would NEVER EVER let any of my clients stay at this place...I'd send them to nearest Motel 6 instead...and I can't stand them!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	2	3	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall Impressive We stayed here for 7 nights in July after staying in Orlando for a week. Overall we were very impressed, the rooms were large and very clean with nice views. The location on the beach was lovely though too far to walk to south beach. The service at the pool was good and the staff and drinks at the pool bar great. The concierge was very friendly, helped us out when we wanted to book a baseball game. The biggest plus for this hotel was the evening meals served in the restaurant. The food and the service were absolutely top class we ate here on the first and last night and it was fabulous.  
<Date>Jun 27, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst experience in a hotel EVER! This was the worst experience I have ever had in a hotel...I have had better service in a two star hotel. The only good parts of the hotel was that it was on the beach...the rooms were only decent at best. The worst part about the hotel was the service and staff. I stayed at the hotel for three nights for a friends wedding. the staff at this hotel does not understand what service means. we were yelled at, treated horribly by everyone from the event manager to the maid service staff. nothing in this hotel reflects a four star hotel. I will just list a few things that went wrong with our hotel stay 1. the salon staff barked yelled an rushed us through our pedicures and manicures, ridiculous since we paid $60 for both.. then had the gall to ask if we tipped. ( they even managed to make me bleed) 2. pastry platters that were supposed to be delivered to the bridal suite at 10 am didn't arrive until 1pm. because they supposedly lost the platters...(they never checked the refridgeraters...the obvious first place to look, they only looked after we insisted that they do so )3. when we called maid service the night of the wedding to tidy up the bridal suite all they did was make beds and clean the bathroom. they left dirty cups on the kitchen table, they left old food that had sat out all day, they left food on the carpet, didn't vacum or pick up over turned furniture. it was horrendous...4. when asked for a complimentary bottle of champagne to make up for the fact that hotel guests had to tidy the bridal suite room and it was the least they could to for the new bride and groom we were informed that there was no champagne on the premises....no champagne in a 4 star hotel i find that ridculous and hard to believe. 5 and consistently we told that there was nothing they could do about the problems we had. 6. they charged guest for services they did not use such as parking, and bar tabs.I would never stay here again let alone hold an event here. I don't know if this is a deterioration of the wyndham chain or just an isolated issue but I will have doubts anytime i even think about staying at another the wyndham resort.  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>PAEJL
<Content>Turn around and Run!!! As most reviews here, the lobby gives you the impression that you are entering a very nice hotel. But once you hit the elevators it's all downhill. We foolishly paid for a Suite. Well this was simply a second room with a dirty sofa and chair in place of a bed. We requested a queen bed and got doubles. There were 7 stains on the rugs the size of basketballs, both toilet seats were broken, doors were missing, the room was musty and the housekeeping staff was deplorable. The shower was almost pitch black when you got in it and no hand rails. It was very slippery and very dangerous. The rooms were extremely noisy, the look of the room was totally shabby and run down and the pool was dirty the entire time we were there. We complained each day and each day we were ignored. I complained to Wyndham corporate and got a Sorry you didn't like your stay email. No apology, no we will look into it just a short oh well attitude. I will never stay in a Wyndham again. Sleep on the beach if you have to but don't walk into this hotel.  
<Date>Jun 15, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Did not like the Wyndham I'm in Miami Beach often although this was my first (and last) stay at the Wyndham. The rooms are spacious but not as clean as they should be. The linen was stained and the service left much to be desired. My biggest complaint was that I heard everything from the adjoining rooms! I heard a couple arguing, loud talking until late at night, snoring, etc. This is inexcusable in a Holiday Inn, let alone a Wyndham. Stay at the Sheraton in Bal Harbour or Lowes in South Beach.  
<Date>Jun 6, 2005
<Rating>2	2	3	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Beach Hotel with Nice MoMi Architecture Many people are not very happy with the Modern Miami architecture of the 1950s. However, I found it to be very retro and fun. The hotel's beach is located on is quite lovely and it had a nice resort feel. The hotel has a beautiful mosaic lobby. I think it is worth it to get an oceanfront view room. Yes, the rooms are slightly old-fashioned in their layout but overall clean, large and nicely outfitted. The elevators are a little slow but other than that I found it to be a great value. Those who are use to modern and newly constructed hotels should head to the more expensive hotels like the Mandarin Oriental. You can't expect the Ritz Carlton when one is paying anywhere from $89.00 a night to $ 250.00. I think this is a great hotel for families.  
<Date>May 25, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Overall good value for money and good location After staying at this hotel with my partner for 9 nights, I would say this hotel exceeded my expectations in most ways. There was little bit of a chaos when we first arrived, as they were fully booked and even though our reservation was confirmed, there was no room available for the whole stay. The reception staff was overall very helpful and sorted the problem out immediately. In the meantime we were treated to a nice meal in the hotel restaurant (which has great views overlooking the pool and the beach, but lacks a bit of atmosphere inside), got vouchers for a free breakfast and were upgraded. What more can you ask for? - The location is great, the perfect place if you want to have a relaxing beach holiday without being too far away from the center of south beach. There is a bus stopping right in front of the hotel, it takes about 10 minutes into South Beach center and runs about every 10-15 minutes (costs $1.50). Only at night time you might need a taxi, the 'night owl' bus runs only every 60 minutes. Some more information on the hotel itself... there's a reasonably equipped fitness center (attention, no trainers...), the pool is not really huge/spectacular, very easy beach access, the food at the pool is fair value for money, staff in general very friendly. We were lucky with our room, there could have been done some renovation, but it was a lot of space and nice views.I think when you review this hotel, you should not forget that this place is rated 3,5 stars. For the money you pay, you get fair value and a good location for both, relaxing and having fun in South Beach. 'I'll be back!'  
<Date>May 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>kassieopia
<Content>faded grandeur Nice old hotel rather large entrance, probably better for conferences, . Staff friendly enough, and very efficient.restaurant ok, but needs moderised, could be really cool, with a lovely view over the pool and beach. Clean and tidy. Our room had a lovey outlook over the waterway, i'm sure the ocean views will be spectacular.We walked along the boardwalk aiming to walk to SoBeach, but it was toofar at least an hour brisk walking, called a taxi instead.  
<Date>Apr 26, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>blah. Pricelined this hotel for $75 on a Sunday night. It is beachfront (which is nice) and the lobby is beautiful. Our first room was awful (closet broken, there is no light in the bathroom etc) and they moved us to a slightly better room (the guy at the desk was good and took caare of us right away). This place desperately needs to have its rooms upgraded. It has a lot of potential but is this worst Wyndham I have ever stayed at. $19 a day for parking is a bummer too (and no other options like in South Beach).  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>2	3	1	-1	1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Service is slow Overall good experience but the service needs improvement, the pool service is horrible as is the service and the menu selection at the pool restaurant. Rooms are clean and up to standard but don't expect too much. Got a wrong wake up call and had to wait ages for our drinks and food to arrive at the pool.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>2	3	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disappointing to say the least I stayed here for a work conference and found the entire trip disappointing. The entire hotel is in desperate need of a makeover. The lobby was nice but beyond that it went steadily downhill. The rooms are somewhat clean, dust and fingerprints left on tables and mirrors and I didnt dare walk around without shoes on. Service was poor, unfriendly and unprofessional. I would avoid this one! Poor example of a Wyndham hotel and the term Resort is laughable. Nothing about this hotel even suggests a resort. Time to make some major improvements!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Definitely Improving We stayed here for a conference at the end of February of this year. The front desk staff was very pleasant and accommodating. The rooms were very clean and attractive, the halls looked freshly painted and carpeted. The dining room is lovely and the wait staff attentive and friendly. The pool and beach area are well maintained. There are newer and more luxurious hotels in Miami Beach but we did not find it nearly as bad as some of the earlier reviews indicated. We travel often and this hotel isn't the best I've seen but it's hardly the worst.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Downtobusiness
<Content>Very pleased We booked on third party internet agency in a double bed side view room. When we arrived late Sunday night I asked if there was a possibility to receive an upgrade to Oceanview. Nice clerk thought they were completely booked, but when checking for a City View found ONE oceanview still available. All I had to do was ask nicely! The room was pretty...light yellow walls and patchwork blues quilt. Bathroom was nice and tidy done in Flamingo pink walls and large black/white tiled flooring. Georgous! The main lobby rooms were amazing, revamped art-deco style and just outstanding woodwork and handrailings from the old Sinatra era. The swimming pool was lovely at night and our children dipped in to find it was warm. Two outdoor bars were hopping that evening as well as the plush dining room towards the front of the hotel. We truly enjoyed our stay even though it was just about 18 hours there, I would definitely go back. Every service person we talked to was helpful AND friendly and I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this to anyone for at least an overnight stay. The beach area looked inviting too though it was chilly that evening. Give it a try!  
<Date>Mar 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>caghee
<Content>Disappointed My husband and I were at a business incentive mtg. with his company at the Loews Miami Beach Hotel and loved it so much, we wanted to extend our stay after the conference. The Loews was booked so we tried the Wyndham and were able to get a last minute reservation. Now I know why! We stayed at the Wyndham 3/5/05 - 3/ 7/05 and it looked great upon entering but, went downhill from there. The hotel was run down. The rooms were somewhat clean but, I wouldn't put my feet on the carpet without shoes. The elevators were old with stained carpets and when you got off, the display in the lobby window was still wishing us a Happy Valentine's Day! The pool was small and crowded since there were 3 weddings going on. The access to the beach was great but, it still cost $20 for an umbrella and another $10 for lounge chairs. We ate pooside which was fine for fast food but, when we went to the restaurant, my husband had to send back his fish which was dry and cold!After coming from the Loews which was unbelievably great, this was a big disappointment. Definately not worth the money!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrible stay, service ruined our trip We booked non-refundable res. thinking it was a deal but then was treated so badly that we wanted to leave early. The front desk was apologetic  said it was fine. They said we had to contact the reservation service we used for the refund. When they tried to get the refund, Wyndham denied. We are now in a dispute. We were treated so bad  now they want to keep our $ after letting us check out. Hopefully AMX will protect us. PLEASE do not make the same mistake we did. Pay alittle more  stay at the Hilton two hotels down.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2005
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Grahamarb
<Content>Graceful Dowager We were at a meeting at this hotel. Seeing the reviews on Trip Advisor we did not expect much. We were pleasantly surprised. There seems to have been some effort at renorvation. Our room was clean and kept clean during our stay. We went to the restaurant for the special Valentine's Day dinner. They did an excellent job. Join Wyndham by Request. You get free internet, wine, beer or soda on arrival and such goodies as nuts and water. All in all, they did much better than we anticipated.  
<Date>Feb 17, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Disappointment and an overall bad experience Yes, the lobby is appealing and impressive, but once you climb those marble steps, you're in for a rude awakening. Service is slow and unfriendly. Valet waits are lllloooonnng. Room was dirty - urine on toilet seat, fingerprints everywhere, layer of dust on switches that just makes you wonder. . . . If you forget something like I did (a toothbrush), don't plan on getting it between the hours of 10PM and 7AM - I called and oh sorry, housekeeping is closed, you'll have to wait until 7AM. When I called at 7AM, I got oh, we just opened, it will be at least 20 minutes. If you're a business traveler, make sure you bring all your own cords for internet, etc. They don't provide any. Food at the poolside bar was pretty good, but beyond that, I can't think of too many positives. Overall, the hotel was worn, service is uncaring and unattentive, rooms are loud, and it seems that they are mostly cashing in on a good location with no efforts to improve the experience. I'd stay elsewhere and pay for consistency.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Old Doral The Wyndam took over the Doral in Miami Beach and they really need to update the rooms as well as the facilities. The elevators are painfully slow. The rooms are worn. The windows need to be replaced. It is a small boutique style hotel on the ocean. Beautiful poolside. Cabana crew could use a lesson in hospitality. On the whole it is very average for the area. Great potential. Needs a facelift.  
<Date>Jan 15, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Desperately Needs Renovating I admit I prefer new, luxury hotels. This hotel is rated 4 stars so I thought I was getting my preference. This hotel has a grand entry, but as soon as you step off of the elevator to get to your room you can see the hotel is worn out. The walls are tattered, the hotel smells faintly musty, the door to the room was scuffed as were the walls, there was a build up of dust in the corners in the bathroom and the bedroom, the bedspreads and the curtains were dirty and worn. I didnt want to take off my shoes and felt like I needed Lysol if I wanted to take a shower. I forgot to mention I was staying on the Wyndham preferred level. I'm not saying that the hotel is on the level of a roadside motel, but that was not 4 stars. I believe it may have been 15 years ago, but not any longer. It needs to be downgraded to no more than 3 stars. I have to say, the manager was very accomodating when I told him I wouldn't be able to spend a night there. However, that set the tone for my trip to Miami. We had to haul our things around Miami trying to find an acceptable room. It was horrible! I feel I have to go back before I can decide if I like Miami or not.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndrewCA
<Content>A little tired around the edges Reasonable location , about a $10 taxi ride to SoBe. The hotel is on the beach and has great friendly staff. The actual hotel is in need of renovation. I would stay here again for the right price ..... but I would look for something better before booking here.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>lawyer_dude My wife and I were expecting to have a wonderful vacation in Florida. When we saw this hotel on the website, it looked perfect for us. This was a long time ago, but it still haunts me. My wife and I walked into the room and it was a huge mess. The bed wasn't even made, and when my wife wanted to sit down on the couch she was welcomed by some seamen on the couch! As soon as we saw that, we checked out right away. So here is a long story short, we checked in then checked out. We went straight to this great place called Turnberry Isle Resort and Spa. Go there instead. Over all, I will NEVER even CONSIDER staying in the Wyndham Miami Bech ever agin.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Superhoop
<Content>Tatty round the edges This hotel was a big disappoint for my party as it was our last stop after SFO and Vegas which had been excellent. The satff are about as helpful as a chocolate fireguard, anything you asked them seemed to be too much for them. Whenever any of us changed a travellers cheque at the front desk, it would take fifteen minutes plus for this to be done, with no explantion or apology for keeping you waiting. There were hairs all over our bedspread when we checked into the room and on the last day we found a half eaten cereal bar under the bed which definitely wasn't ours ! One morning we got into one of the lifts to be faced with a pile of vomit, and when I told the receptionist, she was surprised it was still there as someone had mentioned it hours earlier. After it was removed, the stench lasted for days. There was no bar to drink in as they decided that it was too cold to open the bar outside and they offered nothing else, and unless you want to pay $12.50 for a bacon sandwich in the morning , do not use the hotel restaraunts, but as there was no alernatives within walking distance, they have a captive audience.As you walk in, the hotel looks quite plush, but get up close and you will see that all the furniture is surprisingly tatty for what is supposed to be a four star hotel. We caught the bus every day to more enjoyable locations, which was quite easy as the bus stop is just across the road, and cost $1.25 to anywhere in the city.Our stay was completed by the disappearence of my wallet. I have no idea where it went, but the staff were not at all helpful in looking for it, in fact I got more assistance from the secuirty at my hotel in Vegas when I phoned them.Stay away from this hotel, there are better areas to stay in and better hotels as well.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>emtlady
<Content>A very nice experience Just got back from two days at the Wyndham. This is an older hotel and you can tell that, but we felt it was maintained well. Our room directly faced the ocean - absolutely stunning views! The staff was extremely nice to us, we had no problems whatsoever with anything. The food and drinks were overpriced - which we expected. Our family enjoyed looking at all their banquet rooms and expecially the one on the highest floor which had an awesome view of the Miami area. We usually stay at new hotels - I am not a fan of older hotels at all, but found this one to be clean, elegant in an old fashioned way, and had many amenities. The beach was beautiful and we spent many hours there along with spending time in the pool which changes colors at night. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who can stay there for under $150/nite. We got a discount rate from our cruise line for only $99.00 a night and I felt it was a bargain. I would and plan on staying there again on our next cruise. It is a far better hotel than the Wyndham Coconut Grove in Miami, in my opinion. One last tip, if you eat in the restaurant, be aware - they automatically add a 17% gratuity to your bill (at least they did for us on the Thanksgiving dinner we had which was delicious!)  
<Date>Dec 6, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joparke
<Content>Romance Package was worth it!!!       An early dinner at their poolside restaurant  
<Date>Nov 4, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>loved the hotel loved thw hotel at first I wans't sure about going to that hotel because of the reviews. But I check out one of the hotels in washington dc and loved. The picture that you see on the site is the same there. That would be my first choice next time.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place with History The Wyndham is a great hotel with lots of history. The decor is definitely period - from the Heyday of Miami Beach, but it is well maintained. The guest rooms are large by Miami Beach current standards and spotless. The meeting space and event staff are wonderful. Event space has character and elegance (great windows, chandeliers and draperies) you do not find with the newer hotels (No plain square windowless meeting rooms with carpet on the walls and annoying fluorescent lights here) Some of the lesser paid staff could benefit from a strong lesson in customer relations, but that seems to be a common problem in South Florida. The managemet staff I encountered was fabulous.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>just like the website The Wyndham Miami Beach was a beautiful hotel. AS a matter of fact I am planning a wedding there in the spring. The hotel looked so nice on line I decided to fly to Miami and visit, and the hotel looked just as it did on the website. The staff was friendly, and the hotel was very clean. I would surely recommend it.  
<Date>Oct 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I would come again We passed 4 nights in the Wyndham. We got a very cheap rate from our travel agency (incl. the hotel resort fee). Our first night (Saturday) we were not able to sleep because of a private party (following a 'Class off 94' convention) in the next room and the already mentioned fire alarms. The room door had a nearly one inch gap at the bottom (we put a spare pillow on it). The hotel is also in a direct airway to the airport with planes every 4 minutes (not too llound). After that night our stay was ok. We used the fitness center with sauna (old, smally steamroom). There was full service (free towels, water, oranges) at the pool. We did not eat at the hotel. A bus stop in front of the hotels allows easy access to the LincolnRd Mall. A Wallgreens store is at abt. 15 min walking.We had a modern and clean, large room (esp. compared to the one in NY Pennsylvania Hotel for twice the rate we stead before Miami) with two sinks in the bath an a large shower. We had no trouble with unexpected charges at checkout. Staff was very friendly (one ceiling light didn't work when we arrived, they fixed immediately; we also requested a price list for the Minibar, ok it's always bit expensive).Compared to most of the other nearby hotels at the boardwalk I found the Wyndham one of the nicest (pool area, etc.). In the evenings we went to the bar at the EdenRock though.We would come again, especially for the low rate in september (abt. 40USD/person incl. all fees/tax).  
<Date>Sep 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Old, tired, worn out, dirty hotel. My wife and I spent 4 days at this hotel and would never recommend it to anyone. It has not been well maintained and was a disappointment from start to finish. It is a marginally acceptable hotel at best. Fire alrms went off four times one night and the staff responded in a deplorable fashion. It turned out to be a false alarm. However, had it been a real fire, lives would have been in real jeporady. Save your money, save your time, save yourself the headache and go some where, go anywhere else and you will be glad that you did.  
<Date>Sep 27, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice stay at the Wyndham Just came back from a 4 night stay at the Wyndham Miami Beach. I was a bit wary of staying here after all the bad reviews I read. However, I was pleasantly suprised by the Wyndham. The rooms were clean, the staff was very courteous and helpful, and the valet brought our car promptly...everything that others complained about were not issues for us during our stay. The location was also perfect for us because it wasn't in the heart of SOBE, but close enough for us to go to every night for dinner and drinks via $10-12 taxi ride. The food at the poolside bar/ restaurant was really good, of course it was pricey, but expected since hotel food is always pricey. Although I didn't enjoy paying the resort fee, I wasn't extremely bothered by it since all the other hotels in the area charge the same thing. The fitness center was nice and large. It seems that the Wyndham does have a pattern of overcharging for things at checkout, based on the other reviews I have read, they charged us for 4 days of parking, when we only parked for 1 day, but this was promptly remedied without any complaints or rudeness. The pictures on it's website do a good job of reflecting the hotel. Our bathroom light also went out and they fixed it right away. Overall, we enjoyed our stay at the Wyndham and didn't have the same negative experiences that others have had. Some of the negativity may stem from expecting too much or paying higher prices (we got a good rate through Expedia, about $100/ night), or the hotel is not consistent with it's service and cleanliness.  
<Date>Sep 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dissapointing A dissapointing Experience.1) As I am entering my hotel room, I was shocked to find brown dirt smeared on the toilet seat of the room. For their credit, house keeping cleaned up the mess quickly, but it made for a terrible first impression.2) Parking for $18 a day, your better off parking your car for $10 in a public parking spot.3) Normal pool and the beach front infront of the hotel is managed by a seperate company, so your resort fee does not cover any services on the beach. In other words, your paying money just to swim in the pool.4) Terrible restaurants. You are better off eating elswhere, food is over priced with small portions.5) Rude service. When checking out, they over charged me for items I did not consume from the room snacks. While trying to resolve the issue in a mild mannered way, they kept inferring that I am hiding something and were very rude in the way they dealt with this issue.6) Do your math, it turns out you get better value for money going to another higher star hotel.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Perfect stay at Wyndham Miami Beach Just came back last night from 11 days at the Wyndham Miami Beach Resort and had a great time. the hotel is not cheap but after making a few calls, we got a one bedroom suite for $198 a night, the suite had a huge living area with appropriate furniture, sofa couch and TV , separate bedroom with 2 double beds, 2 full bath rooms 2 extra vanities and sinks outside each bathroom and 3 walk in closets, we love it. We have a child and was provided a playpen instead of a crib and after a couple of calls , a full size crib was provided, the air conditioner had a small leak and rattling sound and that was fixed, within half an hour. My point is that even when things go wrong as the ofter can , they were great with costumer service and took care of it, quickly. Pool service was better than in any other hotel I have stayed in Miami, Valet parking was quicly and very helpfull. ( Yes it is $18 a day but all other hotels in that area charge the same and more and are not as nice, believe me.THe location was great for us, we had a rental car and used it to go ut to eat and for day trips. In my opinion the South beach area and the blocks around it are not family oriented at all, Lots of topless sunbathing, and people that I would not want to be around with.Beach chairs are free and umbrellas $15 once again a bargain for that area.I highly recomend it this place.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not all that great Looked wonderful on website but for the money I paid for it I would suggest another hotel. For a 3 star hotel it could do ALOT better.Book the vacation package for 4 days 3 nights right off the Wyndham Vacations website, but was told by the staff at the hotel that my free ByRequest membership wasn't valid because Wyndham went through a third party company to book the vacation. I can understand that for the airfare but for hotel reservations I figure Wyndham would take care of that themselves. I guess not. That was a ripoff. I just wanted my high speed access which was free to ByRequest members. Other issue was that our first room we were given was not cleaned properly because there was hair all over the bed and in the bathroom. Called and complained and was given a better room with view but not without getting some grief from the front desk. Asked about transportation options to South Beach was encountered with some unfriendly hotel employees who were not so helpful. This is all on a Monday afternoon when it isn't that busy!Food was sooo overly expensive and just average.Not everyone at the hotel was unfriendly. There some exceptions but overall nothing too great to rave about. Resort quality hotel it is not. Next time I am staying in one of the other hotels along the strip.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2004
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Movee
<Content>Excellent Choice Beautiful, luxurious hotel with very attentive staff. The rooms are clean and spacious. The pool area is wonderful and in close proximity to the beach. Concierge was very helpful with exploring Miami and South Beach. The food was okay, nothing to brag about. Everything else was truly wonderful. Met a few stars at the hotel!  
<Date>Jul 30, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mhaid96
<Content>Loved it!!!! I just stayed 4 nights at Wyndham. The hotel staff was very attentive, the rooms were very nice, and the beach was perfect.I was anxious about staying at the hotel in light of some of the bad reviews. However, it appears that the bad reviews may stem from misplaced expectations. This hotel is not in the heart of South Beach and doesn't provide that crowded resort feel one finds at the Sheraton Bal Harbor or the Fountainbleu. The Wyndham is in a quiet section of Miami Beach. The hotel's facilities and its beach were never crowded. Lots of attractons and great restaurants were just a short drive away. Valet always brought my car within few minutes.The rooms were renovated and emaculate. The Wyndham's beach is much nicer than the Hilton's and Sheraton's beaches. Great place for families!!! We will definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 25, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wow! I just got back from a 2 week stay at the Wyndham Miami Beach Resort and I loved it! Although $18 a day for valet parking was a bit expensive (especially when they take about 5 mins every time to retrieve your car) I cannot complain too much as we only paid $99 a night for the room, which was ocean facing with a king size bed! During our stay was the 4th of July weekend, which meant the hotel, got really busy and space at the pool was all gone by 10.30. Also the room service was busy during this time and at one point our order was 15 mins late not really anything to complain about, but they gave it to us for free when I called to see how much longer it would be! The hotel looks exactly like the pictures on the website, although it only had 1 restaurant open at dinner (the lobby lounge) even though the website, and in-room info pack stated the hibiscus court and bistro were also open. Overall I cannot fault it, 5 star service (especially the oranges by the pool which were a nice touch) for 3 star prices (拢127 a night after parking and resort fees, for an ocean facing room booked on hotel website. I got a special rate as I joined their byrequest program online for free!). I would definitely recommend this hotel.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>The_Skier
<Content>Fun Time I enjoyed my stay at the Wyndham. The staff was very friendly and the hotel was what was promised.I would go back and I do recommend it!  
<Date>Jun 16, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SLYCAST
<Content>Too Bad To Be True This is a wonderful old property on the beach. However, the suites are a little too worn and the staff's attitude is more indicative of a second rate hotel. Even though I am a member of Wyndham's frequent guest program, I did not get any extra effort on the part of the front desk or housekeeping. No check-in before 4 pm indeed! With that attitude, I will avoid all Wyndhams in the future.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Welcome to Miami.... The hotel is easy to find and is very well represented by it's staff. We booked a night on a casino cruise through the reception and they were very helpful and cheery, and patient with our accents! The guy who took us and our bags up to the room was very informative and began telling us all the things we could do there without us even asking, which was great. I joined the By Request service via the internet after reading about it on here, and it worked well there was free drinks and munchies waiting for us and we had a great view out of our room of both the ocean and the river. It was a very nice hotel to stop at and I would definately stay either here or try another Wyndham hotel again. It wasnt too close to South Beach as someone else stated but a short taxi ride would solve that, and there was always a taxi waiting for us outside. The valet parking was quite expensive ($18 per night) but the room was great, the air con was very refreshing and much needed. Word of warning (not to put you off) watch out for the sharks just off the beach, not just here but anywhere in Miami beach, we went swimming on our last day here just in front of the hotel and we noticed a shark (about 8ft) hanging around just behind us, which looking back is a great story to tell people but be careful, although some of the local guys there said they were harmless and are very common !!! But if you're coming to Miami Beach regardless of the wildlife this is a top place to stay.  
<Date>Jun 3, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jakuch
<Content>Pretty Good We stayed at the Wyndham Miami Beach for four nights from April 21-25. We had signed up for their Wyndham by Request just days before and for that trouble we had wine, cheese and crackers waiting in our room upon arrival. Sign-up, if you can. We requested and received a king room on a high floor and had a lovely view of the bay and ocean. The room was well kept, with a great mattress, spacious and had mondo closet space. The lighting in the bathroom was not good. The toiletries are top notch -- Golden Door. The pool was nice and the lounges had thick padding on them by the pool. One morning they came by with fresh orange slices, cold water, and then popcicles, all free. The beach was lovely with lounges, but you had to pay if you wanted an umbrella. There's a boardwalk about 100 yards towards South Beach that will take you almost all the way there. We walked it one day and it took about 30-40 minutes. For those who need to be in the action, this is not it. For those who like a little quiet, it's great. Plus, the bus takes you into South Beach for $1.25 and it's easy. We did this several times instead of getting the rental car out from the valet-only parking at the hotel which is pricey ($18/day) compared to other hotels. We walked to Eden Roc for coffee (Starbuck's) and pastries several mornings, but they have a little shop that's open in the mornings and sells coffee and pastries if you don't want the buffet breakfast also offered. Another reviewer said it was not a four-star but the best three-star ever. I'd say it's just shy of a proper four-star hotel, and if you booked a good rate, worth every penny.  
<Date>Apr 28, 2004
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>not good at all I booked through hotwire and got this hotel, not resort.Although I had to pay a resort fee. I intended on getting the Sheraton Bal Harbour Beach Resort but I did not. I was supposed to stay here for five nights but I did for two and went to the Fontainebleau Hilton Resort (which was BEAutiful and when I walked into the room there I was plesantly surprised.) This hotel needs a major renovation especailly the rooms (they are so old and run down). If you've got the money, stay at the fontainebleau instead.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Suprisingly Awful The service was absolutely awful. Our room was dirty. We reserved a king size bed and we received two double beds with a room overlooking noisey construction. Our credit card was stolen upon arrival at the front desk and the staff were completely unhelpful. We checked out the next day. Sadly, most hotels in this stretch of Miami Beach are very antiquated. There was nothing to do and we were very far from South Beach.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wise2374
<Content>Great beach, very decent hotel My wife and I stayed here over the weekend in late March, and had a very nice time. The hotel itself is fine - there's some elegance to it, and the public spaces are clean and nice enough. It's close to being a luxury property but doesn't quite make it -- it's hard to put your finger on it, but the rooms and lobby seem just a touch run down. Gym was much better than the average hotel gym. Pool area was clean and decent with lots of chairs, and the poolside Seabreeze restaurant was very solid. Best part of the property without a doubt was the beach, which was not only relatively uncrowded (due to the fact that there's no other resorts immediately adjacent to it), but very pretty - long stretches of white sand, and great views up and down the beach of the colorful condos and resorts. The resort is located a few miles north of South Beach and the only other name resorts in the area (about 300 yards away) are the Eden Roc and the Fountainbleu - both of which have more and better restaurants than the Wyndham. Definitely plan on leaving the resort for dinner - while the dinner restaurant (in the lounge) is charming, the menu is very limited and not that creative. Aquatica at the Eden Roc was very good with really nice seafood selections. Note: if you haven't joined Wyndham by Request, do so. We checked in and were upgraded to a 2 room suite in a corner room just for being avid members - in addition to a welcome basket of amenities that are part of our profile. They also allowed us to keep the second room until 6 PM so we had a place to shower. It's stuff like this that make's Wyndham's loyalty program one of my favorites.  
<Date>Mar 30, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not a 4 star, but best 3 star ever! I think some of the negative reviews of this hotel might have stemmed from the fact that some companies have it listed as a 4-star property, when in fact Wyndham itself will tell you it is a 3-star property. For example, we booked through American Airlines Vacations who told us this was a 4-star hotel which is incorrect. Apparently not all Wyndham properties are 4-star. If you go to the Wyndham Miami Beach expecting a very luxurious property with modern decor, such as say the Wyndham off Michigan Avenue in Chicago (where I also stay), then you might be disappointed.Having said that however, we did have an excellent stay. This was definitely the best 3-star hotel we have ever stayed at, and normally I only stay at 4 or 5 star hotels because I get very limited vacation time from work and I want to limit any possible variables that could make my vacation a bad one. It was because of American Airlines mix up with the rating that we ended up staying at this hotel at all, but our stay was excellent.Yes, the rooms are dated, but they are kept spotlessly clean and were cleaned daily and checked again by housekeeping in the evening. I was surprised by the negative comments about the gym. Compared to even 5 star hotels, the gym was a shining star. I am an avid gym-goer and used it every day. It was always kept clean, and it was pretty spacious for a hotel gym. It is on 2 levels, with the cardio equipment upstairs and weights downstairs. They also have multiple televisions, water coolers and a fridge with chilled towels that was a very nice touch!The food at the hotel was more than decent...especially the food at the poolside restaurant. Another nice touch was that we were not obligated to pay an arm and a leg to have breakfast every day...there is a small coffee shop in the hotel called Poquito to Go that was open from 7-10:30am where we could get tea, coffee, juices, little sandwiches, muffins, etc. If we wanted tea or coffee during the day, we walked down to the Eden Roc lobby a couple of blocks down which has Starbucks drinks in the lobby bar.As far as the location, the hotel is located on Collins Avenue at 48th street. South Beach starts at around 23rd street. (Being New Yorkers, we are used to walking, so we walked to South Beach every day which was about 2 miles each way.) The boardwalk starts a few yards down from the hotel on the beach at around 46th or 47th street. We pretty much had to go to South Beach to get supplies like water, snacks, etc. There are no stores within walking distance of the hotel. (I would recommend that you bring whatever you think you will need for the first day such as water, snacks, juice and then put it in the room fridge.) However, you can also take the public bus which stops right outside the hotel. It costs $1.25 or $1.50 if you want to transfer. (You do not have to transfer to get to South Beach.) The front desk staff was very helpful and even told us how to get to Little Havana by public bus. Of course, taxis are also plentiful and always waiting outside the hotel.The beach was really excellent...white sand, calm swimming surf with some waves. We were glad we stayed in Miami Beach and not South Beach because it was much cleaner and quieter. We much preferred it.Also, make sure you go online and join the Wyndham by Request Club. We got free local AND long distance calls from our hotel room and some nice welcome drinks and snacks.I really have nothing negative to say about this hotel. I am picky about cleanliness and it was very clean. The staff was busy but pleasant and helpful. The location is not in the middle of it all like you would be in South Beach, but we preferred it that way, and we didn't have a car and never took cabs except to the airport. I enjoyed my stay and would stay here again.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GuyNATL
<Content>If you stay here, may the Force be with You.... If you've gotten this far in your hotel research, I'm sure you won't need my two cents on this hotel. Just read the reviews below and you'll never make the same mistake I did. I stayed here for a conference hosted in the hotel. The Internet photos are misleading. This place is way over due for a renovation. I felt like I was in a comedy sit-com taking place at a run-down fix-it-as-we-go hotel. I really had a hard time believing Wyndham would put their name on the building.The decor is run down and outdated. The rooms look like a French poodle decorated them.The beach bar is weathered and the food is cafeteria quality, if that. I ordered some nachos and margarita as I waited to check in and my nachos came out with orange squirt cheese all over it. Not what you would expect from a resortThe gym is run down too.Unless you just don't care and are looking to save money, stay somewhere else. For just a little bit more you get a whole LOT more.Oh, and don't book a conference here. Your attendees spend most of their time trekking from Lobby to 18th floor between conference rooms.Oh, the Starlight Lounge is hilarious. It has all these little lights up in the ceiling to sparkle like stars. If you go up there at night, the reflections of the lights in the window makes you feel like you are space walking or in the middle of a Star Wars movie.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not Big Fans The decor is awful and everything looks old and shabby. We arrived late because of a flight delay and gave us a room with a full size bed with no chance to change until morning. Although they changed us to a better room everyone we spoke to in the elevator had experienced a similar problem. We survived, but we would definitely not go back.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If The Price is Right...DO IT! I recieved an awesome deal on priceling that included hotel and airfare for $389 for 3 night 4 days. At the price how could I give this hotel a bad rap. The rooms are nice,you either have a partical ocean view or full city view or visa versa. The 2 Resturants in the hotel do a nice job to make you feel first class but you pay the price literally. Lobby has a nice reniassance welcome touch to it. The pool is nice but nothing special. The beach was beautiful. If You Are Looking For a Resort type Atmosphere with music playing , acivities going on- You will not find it here, if you are looking for a laid back relaxing hotel and the price is right this is a great hotel.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HATED IT!!! This was one of the worst experiences I have had at a hotel. The service was painfully bad and you had to pay for the room immediately upon making a reservation. I am a Wyndham member and expected to have a couple of waters and a small snack when I checked in. Instead I checked into a smelly, dirty room with waters in the mini bar that you pay $4 for. I went to the desk to inquire about my waters and was told that I was not a member as well as given a large attitude. C'mon - this is a free membership, why would I lie???? Especially when you can sign up AT the hotel! Come to find out, they had my name spelled wrong (and trust me, it's not a difficult name) so I was assured that everything was settled and I would receive a delivery to my room. Needless to say, it never happened. Upon checking out, I was honest about my dissatisfaction and asked if they could comp a 2 waters off my bill and was told no, they would TRY to make it up during my next stay. I politely reminded them there would not be another stay with this lack of service. The man shrugged and walked away. Trust me, there are BEAUTIFUL hotels that are much nicer, better service and for the same price much closer to South Beach. Save your hard earned money and give it to a hotel that will treat you right!!  
<Date>Jan 21, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wyndham should do better. My husband attended a large event for which the Wyndham served as the overflow hotel. This hotel is badly in need of renovation (especially the rooms). It has some wonderful old floors and elevators that are easily overlooked b/c the hotel is not in tip top shape and the decor is dated. Our experience with room service was great. Food was just OK for the price, but the staff was the best we incountered during our stay. Valet service is worth mentioning if only because it is the worst I have ever encountered. Twice we called down from our room to have the car ready and twice we went downstairs only to have to ask them to bring the car around and wait about 10 minutes. Pool area is large and functional, could be spruced up a bit  stretch of beach is quiet, clean and nice. I wouldn't consider this a resort since there is really not much focus on service or ammenities. I expected a whole lot more from a Wydham property.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>LOVED THE WYNDHAM MIAMI BEACH HOTEL Just got back from my 4th year at this fabulous hotel. Staff is wonderful.. rooms are beautiful and clean......NO complaints AT ALL HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS HOTEL....... A++++++++++++++++++++++++++++!!!  
<Date>Jan 7, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>daltonb
<Content>Fawlty Towers resort This hotel I believe is the re incarnation of Fawlty Towers. Hospitality is not their strong point.We were issued with breakfast coupons. You should have seen the waiters faces when they spotted this! On the second morning we got a lecture from one of them about the fact that NO Gratuity was included on the coupon. That really ****** me off! Give me service first! As a resort it is below average. Once you have visited places such as Thailand and Bali, there is no comparison with this excuse for a resort. An empty bar fridge was placed in our room the first night. They promised to sort it out. The next day a full, locked bar fridge with a nifty little window was added to our suite. We requested that we get the key to unlock it. No they told us there are NO keys to the bar fridges. ( Why bother putting them in your room then?). No key was forthcoming for 4 days.The location is also a problem. Getting anywhere is either a very long walk or an expensive taxi ride.The cherry on the top was our last day when one of the porters said: where do you think I am going to put all this luggage? ( We had asked them to store it from checkout time, 11.00 am to 13h00 that day.) Overheard from an American woman was: Did you see that mans' face? Its the longest face I have ever seen.Luckily this bad experience of American service was made up by Royal Carribean - Superb!Get your entire staff on a trip so that they can find out what service is really about!  
<Date>Jan 2, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kingsmc
<Content>Good if you can get a deal Stayed at the Wyndham for our one year anniversary. The hotel itself is very nice, but the service is horrible.Upon arriving at the hotel, our room wasn't ready @ check-in time but were told it would be ready in an hour. We walked around the beach and hung out at the pool for an hour, but the room was still not ready. After waiting two hours after check-in time, the room was ready.In addition, the attitudes of the employees were horrible. The impression we received from the employees was that we were a nuisance b/c we kept asking when our hotel room was going to be ready. Also, our baggage did not make our flight so we had to check in again with the desk in order to get our suitcases. I was told by two employees (who handled baggage) I'm too busy, talk to someone else.Fortunately everything worked out. The room was nice, but the walls were a bit thin.I only suggest staying at they Wyndham if you can get a deal. Fortunately we bought a stay two nights, get the third night free offer. Otherwise, i would not pay the $150-160/night rate.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2003
<Rating>2	2	4	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do Not Stay At This Hotel. Ripoff!!! Do not even think about making a reservation at Wyndham Miami Beach Resort !! We made a reservation but had to cancel months in advance. Guess what? Wyndham bills your credit card as of the day you make the reservationnot upon date you are subject to cancellation fees. In addition, the reservations department cannot refund your money even with a valid cancellation number. The only way to get your money back is to contact the accounting department at the property Monday thru Friday during their working hours. I have never heard of a reservations system that takes your money but cannot refund it. We finally had to dispute the charge through American Express to get the charge removed. This place is a total scam. I cannot repeat this enough...Do Not Give This Company Your Credit Card Number!!!  
<Date>Dec 7, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The wrong place to stay in this area Stayed at this resort for one night last night. This was our first experience in Miami, and we had a certificate for a free night at this hotel. Got to the hotel early in the day to be able to explore the beach area. Were told our room wasn't ready, and to come back later. They offered us a junior suite since I had enrolled in the Wyndham-By-Request online. Surprised by the fact there is only valet parking allowed, to the tune of $18 per day. We asked the valet to hold our car while we went to check-in, and came back and the car was already parked. We asked for the car and were given the attitude You don't need your car *already* do you? The valet advised walking the area would be fine. Since we didn't know the area, we took his word, and boy he couldn't have been more wrong!We ended up walking down the street and onto the boardwalk which headed south from the hotel. We wanted to check out South Beach, and ended up walking miles to get there. It had to be at least 3 or 4 miles until we even reached the edge of South Beach. It was at least 7 or 8 blocks from the hotel before there was *anything* to eat--- and dozens of blocks before anything decent.We went back to the hotel around 2 since this seemed like plenty of time to have a room ready (they weren't that busy.) By this time we were completely worn out from the now 8-9 mile hike. We were told again the room wasn't ready and to come back.After getting the car, and coming back twice after that, the room was finally ready at 5pm. (We had to get up at 4am the next morning for a flight.) We have never waited this long for a room to be ready.The suite was roomy, and there was a nice welcome package with cheese and crackers and the beverage we requested online. On the bad side, the suite was right on the elevators, so you could hear the elevator everytime it passed. Speaking of elevators, there aren't enough for the hotel, and in one the display doesn't even work to tell you which floor you were on. There was a shower, but no bathtub. We settled in, and being so put off by the valet staff and the walk earlier, we were hesitant to venture out again for dinner. We went to the concierge for a recommendation, but there were about a dozen people in line, and in 15 minutes of waiting, the line didn't move an inch. The hotel pushed a pizza special from room service --- which was a great price, but completely AWFUL pizza. It was *REALLY* bad.After going to bed hungry and exhausted, and waking to our 4am wake up call, there was absolutely no hot water in the room to take a shower. We had to take a cold shower and head to the airport for a full day of travel. We complained at check-out, and they removed the $10 per night resort fee and said they would see what they could do about the room service and parking fees.Overall we really weren't impressed. Even having the free night certificate didn't make up for the bad location, poor service, extra fees,  terrible room service. We wouldn't stay here again, and don't recommend it to anyone. There are plenty of other hotels in better locations with better service who will earn our money next time.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Love the resort...great for women travelers! I stayed at this hotel for a weekend preceding a cruise. This hotel was great in all aspects. The service was great, as well as the room amenities. The room we had overlooked the bay and was decorated nicely. It had great floor to ceiling windows. The bathroom was emaculate and had two sinks which is very rare to find. The room also had a walk-in closet, which was great for all our clothing. The phone in the room was a cordless phone which made it easy to move around.The food at the grille and in the restuarants was also good. However, there was a standard 17% gratuity already added to all bills at the hotel. There is also a $10.00 per day resort fee which was additional. The mango daqairi's and fuzzy navel are the best I ever had and the bar near the pool and grill. I would highly recommend this hotel, especially for women because of the conveniences and security. It is on Collins street about 6-8 blocks from the famous South Beach, but we took a cab ride for about $7.00. I must not forget to tell that this is a wonderful beachfront property. There is access from the resort. I will definately recommend this my clients traveling to the Miami area or just want a great weekend getaway!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Superb Fine resort. Among the best. Outstanding facilities, rooms, pool, beach area, etc...An elegant choice for lodging when in Miami Beach.Highly advise that you stay here!  
<Date>Sep 24, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The best of the best for discerning clientel I just got back about a week ago from a function that my company held at the Wyndham Miami Beach Resort. My firm, one of the most respected law firms in the country, always puts a great deal of effort in to the selection process when determining the location of our retreats. The last few years, for instance, were held at the Biltmore, a Ritz Carlton, and a Four Seasons. This hotel surpassed my expectations ten fold. The facilities, staff, and location are all superb. My flawless stay led me to do some research on the resort's history- and as indicated in previous reviews, the hotel began as the legendary Doral on the Ocean in Miami Beach's golden era. The hotel continues to attract some of the world's most discriminating clientel, and the exclusivity of this hotel which underwent a recent merger with Wyndham makes your stay very exciting. Beautifully decorated formal public areas and guest rooms are second to none, as they were conceived by the renowned Tom Lee- famous for decorating homes and hangouts of the world's elite. Apparantly, the hotel is home to one of the most valuable collections of furniture and furnishings in America, which is easy to believe when you meander the property gazing at the artwork, statuary, crystal lighting, and other details. Also got to enjoy the cabanas, pool, and beach. Consistent with the rest of the property, they were all wonderful.You are sure to love your room, as all feature floor to ceiling windows that span the width of the room and showcase waterviews from all rooms- yes ALL rooms. The appointments and subtle touches that abound are sure to make an impression.Overall, you are sure to enjoy your stay at the Wyndham Miami Beach Resort (aka Doral). The property is beyond what you can possibly imagine, enhanced by a caring, trained staff ready to make your stay most memorable. I would not write a review if I was not entirely impressed. You, too, will find your stay most satisfying! -Sy  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Enjoyed stay ast Wyndham My new wife and I spent our honeymoon at Miami Beach and at the Wyndham Miami Beach Resort. We found the stay to be a pleasurably with only a few notable exceptions. One was the shortage of wash clothes left in the room and the other was the hidden costs for using the pool and workout room, which neither of us used. An $11 service charge per day for those facilities is unnecessary and it should be included in the cost of the reservations. Other than that fact that we had to take taxis or buses to get around, the stay was commendable. And we owe a special gratitute to the bellhop named Derek? He was exceptionally helpful in suggesting places to see, to eat and to get around. I hate I missed him before we left. We'll be back.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>really nice! Stayed over labor day weekend. South beach hotels are usually expensive or old. This hotel was really nice, with large bedrooms. It looked brand new and the food at the pool was very reasonably priced. So were the drinks. The beach area is beautiful, but the hotel is not within walking distance of much. It's sort of on the outskirts of the boardwalk and lincoln road. The workout room is old and pretty much useless, but for the price and size of the rooms, you can't beat it. And they quoted me a price of $169 a night over the Christmas holidays. It's worth it!! Believe me, I'm really picky about everything, and I had no complaints. Oh yeah, don't rent a car. It's cheaper to just take a taxi everywhere, because the hotel charges $18.00 a day to park, and everywhere you drive they'll charge for parking, if you can even find a parking space!! We're not used to that in Atlanta.  
<Date>Sep 5, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wouldn't go back Service is not a strong point of this hotel. When we checked in they had given our non-smoking room away and tried to give us a smaller smoking room. We had to speak to 2 different managers to get the situation worked out and they acted as if they were doing us a favor. The hotel room was small and was not cleaned well on a daily basis. The elevators were constantly in repair, and the sundry shop is too small. The pool area is nice as is the beach, however there is nothing else to do. The hotel is not anywhere near tourist attractions or restaurants. The whole area is very expensive and you must either drive or take a taxi. When a hotel says it is a resort I expect that I would-in theory- never have to leave the grounds- not true with this place.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very nice stay As a member of the Wyndham by request program, I stay mainly at the wyndham on any of my trips. This hotel in particular was very nice. It was a corner room with a very beautiful ocean view. Very spacious and the bathroom was a reasonable size. Enjoyed the sunrise and the sunset.I found out that most hotels in Miami charge a resort fee and they also all charge you for parking because there is no parking available. So those fees where fine. It was very convinent for Us and we went in and ou as we pleased. The pool is open 24hours so that was great. very quick acess to the beach which i loved and the beach was not as crowded as was south beach.overall this is a great clean hotel and the staff are just great. I would stay there again.  
<Date>Jul 18, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Liked it My wife and 3 year old son (his first plane ride) stayed at the Wyndam Miami Beach resort for four nights in early June of 03. I was impressed by the level of service and friendliness of the staff. The location on the Miami strip is ideal for families and anyone who is looking for some relaxation, while still only a few miles ($7-$9 taxi) from the action at South Beach. The pool and beach area was very nice. Pool bar a bit expensive ($8 drink $6 beer). The down side of this hotel is the lack of variety as far as evening dining. The website advertises 2 resturants in addition to the room service menu. What I found is for dinner ($16-$23 entree) we had one restaurant with a very limited menu (5 entrees), which was the same as the room service menu. If you call yourself a full service resort I think the dinner menu needs to be expanded on! - The food was good thought...And the breakfast buffet ($12pp) one of the best I've been too../ To the Wyndham hotel: IF you charge a daily resort fee ($12) shouldn't a beach umbrella be included? (I paid an additional $15 per day). Overall the place was very nice,clean and the service and staff would bring us back... Looking to stay here again next year....  
<Date>Jun 10, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>hidden fees   showReview(987056, 'full');   
<Date>May 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK   showReview(930645, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 7, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Escape   showReview(926360, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 30, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>OK hotel, bad location   showReview(922673, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 23, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very pleasant stay   showReview(908978, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 6, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In Love!   showReview(829239, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 29, 2002
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Only if you get a great price   showReview(829150, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 28, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>so-so   showReview(586964, 'full');   
<Date>May 20, 2002
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Terrible Hotel - STAY AWAY   showReview(422028, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 7, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Pleasantly surprised   showReview(414589, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 28, 2002
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>THEEDGE1963
<Content>Tres bel hotel   showReview(23252601, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel tr猫s confortable en bord de plage   showReview(20551052, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>m_j033
<Content>Zona muy tranquila   showReview(19883382, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 8, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Recht nobles Hotel   showReview(20551051, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>ottimo rapporto qualit脿/prezzo   showReview(19643520, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>economico ma si vede   showReview(19643519, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Confortevole ma cari i servizi   showReview(19643518, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>gabylamejor
<Content>Quedamos muy conformes.   showReview(19387450, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>kingarthurComo
<Content>bello ma..   showReview(19325320, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	2	4	4	4	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>nous y retournerons avec plaisir;;;;; d'ailleurs cela fait la 猫me fois   showReview(19643516, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 24, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>senz'altro consigliato   showReview(19643512, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 19, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>non male   showReview(19643511, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 8, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>philou6278
<Content>Dans la moyenne   showReview(18635874, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>3	4	4	4	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>Sebiba
<Content>Esperaba mas...       Entrada de autos  
<Date>Jul 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	4	4	3	-1	

<Author>lolo24_71
<Content>Rien 脿 redire vacances de r锚ve   showReview(17604083, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 7, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Buon Hotel   showReview(18525954, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel situ茅 en dehors de l'animation de Miami beach   showReview(17428314, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Consigliato !   showReview(17428308, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>super classe   showReview(17428313, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hat mir gefallen und war angenehm   showReview(16585060, 'full');   
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>sisudiaz
<Content>No es recomendable   showReview(16044153, 'full');   
<Date>May 14, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	2	4	2	

<Author>mahaut
<Content>merveilleux   showReview(13333675, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Rilassante e raffinato   showReview(13198207, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>buon rapporto qualit脿 prezzo   showReview(13198208, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(13198199, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr guter Eindruck mit M盲ngeln am Zustand   showReview(13198206, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>un tr猫s bel 茅tablissement confortable et bien 茅quip茅   showReview(13198200, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Une vue superbe sur Miami   showReview(13198198, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s d茅cevant - A fuir !   showReview(11308034, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>A quite luxury hotel in Miami Beach   showReview(11665918, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Esperienza davvero soddisfacente!   showReview(11665919, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dimeshopper
<Content>Florida ist fantastisch, das Hotel angenehm   showReview(10010460, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	3	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Suggerimento:   showReview(11333346, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Niente di ecezzionale   showReview(11333344, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2006
<Rating>3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>S茅jour tr猫s plaisant   showReview(11333343, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈点偊銈广儞銉笺儊銇俱仹銇...   showReview(19924078, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 12, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉炪偆銈儫銇偟銈︺偣銉撱兗...   showReview(19922863, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

