<Author>wesnoon
<Content>Inexpensive Room, Bad Service, No Parking, It was almost impossible to find a place to unload the bags. The hotel parking was over priced but probably the best option at $30/day. We tried to find a cheaper self-parking lot, but it was 3 blocks away and it cost $10/half day. I ended up spending $30 to park there for the day and a half we were there. Basically the parking in the Quarter sucks and you will have to pay $20-30 day where ever you go. Unless you plan on walking or using the trolley. The long term parking at the cruise ship port was $98/week and there was a trolley line next to it, so it might be possible to pay for long term parking and catch a trolley back to the Quarter and do the same once you are ready to leave for your cruise.The rooms were clean enough and they were in decent condition for the price of the room. Which was about $50 before the extra fees are added on. It's very close to Bourbon St. There is noise from the streets but they didn't bother me, that is expected if you stay in the Quarter. There were also loud drunks, which is also to be expected.We had booked a room the night before our cruise and also were going to stay another night once we got back. But I didn't think another night/day in New Orleans would be worth the trouble and extra cost of staying, so we drove back the same.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	1	2	4	

<Author>KCMARIE22
<Content>Do not stay here ever!!!! First off the service was awful the valet was $30 dollars reasonable if you think the self park is only $2.00 less. So we do the valet the manager/ supervisor I give you told us to park our cars on the other side of the street so we do in a no parking zone that they said would be okay. We check in come out and go to the New Orleans bowl festivities on our way our car is still there. The same night we go to Bourbon street which is a perfect location the only plus of staying at this hotel. On our way in for the night the elevator is stuck we pass some people who did not have a room because they over booked the hotel and these people had reservations. It gets better we wake up the next morning going to take a shower and get some breakfast there is not hot water. We call they tell they are working on it we let the water run for 15 minutes and call back they tell us oh its fixed now. WE NEVER HAD HOT WATER. The water was not just cold but ICE COLD. I know how the people on the titanic felt now and I could only wash my hair. Thank goodness I was going home the same day and didn't have to have a shower. So after the lies about the hot water we get to the front desk to check out and turns out nobody in the entire hotel had hot water including the 4 or 5 groups that checked out with us. If you think it can't get any better they tell us one of our cars got towed. There is nothing they could do even though the guy that told us this was the guy that just told me to park my car their thank goodness I was with a friend who could take me to the New Orleans city impoud to get my car that cost $120.00 to get out and the all the hotel could do was not charge me the valet fee well I guess so I never used your services. We got lost and try to call for directions and the manager got an attitude with us. Therefore my advice to anyone park your own car and never trust a valet.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>braeun6
<Content>All's well that ends well Long story, but this review is about the customer service at the St Ann, not the hotel itself as I stayed at their sister hotel, The Saint Louis. I had booked a flight and hotel through Priceline. I was wary of the St. Anne because of the reviews, but the price was right. I arrived in NOLA and went to check into the St. Ann. My heart dropped when they said they had no reservation for me. It was a very busy sports weekend in New Orleans and it was raining. I spent the next hour or so on the phone with pricepline getting the run-around and getting disconected. I finally insisted that they (priceline) work this out with the hotel manager directly. I was disconncted. So now it was just me and the hotel manger left to work this out. I was relieved as I quickly realized that I was in good hands.Manuel, the hotel manager, took a sincere interest in my situation and could see I was really frustrated. He appologized that they did not have my reservation, but that the hotel was filled to capacity. But he got me into their sister hotel, albeit at a cost above and beyond what I had already paid for in the original booking (there was nothing he could do about that). He made the reservation for me and saw it through to the last detail, even giving me a king size suite! When I got to the other hotel, it was packed and I'm sure it would have been a huge hassle to get a room there if Manuel had not called ahead for me.I will submit a review for the other hotel. But as for Manuel at the St Ann, he really came through for me. I later found out that the mix up was on Priceline's end, not the hotel. But even if it had been the fault of the hotel, what mattered most was that Manuel took charge of the situation and made things right for me as best he could.Thank you good sir!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2008
<Rating>5	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	-1	

<Author>loverguy096
<Content>Not bad for the price... Hotel website was cheaper than Expedia/Hoteldiscounts for the week of Thanksgiving. I paid $49/night plus all the charges.I read many horrible reviews after booking and was nervous about staying here. Here is my take on what other people had to say.$7 Amenity fee. Yes a joke. This includes, 1) Free local calls. (I have a cellphone)2) Free WiFi. (I plan to live NOLA, not google it)3) Swimming pool. (More of a decoration. I would laugh if anyone actually went swimming in it)4) Free Cocktail (No idea where to get it)5) Free breakfast (Again, no idea where to get it) -I guess I could have asked, but I read the stories here and didn't want to risk it.-Also, the hotel seemed empty and I didnt want to be the only one at breakfast or enjoying a drink- A sign would have been nice directing hotel guests to the free drinks and breakfast. Maybe other guest would have gone too.6) Newspaper (Nice but you have to go to the lobby to pick it up. Didn't realize till last day. It's usually delivered.Yes, it is an old elevator. But it worked okay for me. Sometimes I took the stairs from the 2nd floor.A note was left under my door stating that they could not clean because of the privacy please sign. I noticed the note after I returned to my room. (Granted, it was thanks giving day, but c'mon, don't lie to me)The front desk is usually on the phone, listening to iPOD or browsing the internet. But it was a slow week there, so I don't blame them. Burnt out lightbulb in the room. (Didnt bother asking to replace it, again, because of the horror stories here.Good Points1)My room was clean2) Hotel was quiet (thanks giving day week though)3) Between Bourbon and Royal (so close to everything)4) Hotel is next to this bar called the Copper Monkey. Great bar, not crowded and smoke free. I would recommend this place at only $50 - $60/ night (non-mardigras season). But thats it! $60 including Amenity and energy surcharge. It's a place to pass out, shower, change clothes and get ready for another day in NOLA. I would stay here again.Pay no higher than $60!My advice for the owners would be to just charge $60/night + NOLA tax and just forget about the free amenitys.  
<Date>Nov 30, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>lennybud
<Content>Find another place- you do not want to stay here The best part of this hotel is the location. It is only a few yards from Bourbon Street. Other than that, it is one disappointment after another. The price looks good when booking, but add another $12 a night for the resort fee and energy fee. It is ridiculous to charge an energy fee when there was no heat in the building. I stayed there on a chilly night and it was cold inside. If I have to pay $5 day for energy, at least provide some!! Then the resort fee of $7 which covers the breakfast, pool and internet. The breakfast is one muffin and coffee. The pool is unheated so unusable, and the internet provided requires you to sit behind the cashiers desk to use it. Aside from that, it is an old building and not very clean- part of its charm, I guess. And don't sleep past 9am or you won't get room service. They left a note for me that they would not clean my room because the do not disturb sign was on the door, even though I was out of the room (the sign removed) by 9am.  
<Date>Nov 29, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	4	2	1	

<Author>scottcj69
<Content>Beware of Hidden Costs...BIG TIME I made my decision to stay at the St. Anne based on the reasonable price and the awesome location. The location was indeed great. However, the price was very deceptive. I booked the room online with my credit card and thought that was that. They asked for my credit card upon my arrival and I thought nothing of it. When I checked out a week later, they asked me to sign a paper authorizing the charge of 鈥渁menities fees鈥?to my credit card. When I looked at my itemized statement I realized they had charged me an ADDITIONAL $83.00 PER NIGHT. This was to cover the 鈥渇ree WIFI鈥?(which never worked) and the 鈥渨elcome cocktail鈥?(which was never offered), and taxes. In addition to these fraudulent fees there were some issues with the room. When I first arrived in the room I walked into the bathroom and discovered that someone had used the toilet and not even flushed it (GROSS). The hot water only worked a couple days out of the week. Also the bathroom door wouldn鈥檛 shut and the A/C was out of order.  
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	5	1	4	5	1	

<Author>Elveric
<Content>Time to Stop Staying Here. New Mandatory 'Ameneties Surcharge' New rip-off is a $12.50 per guest per day Amenities Surcharge that includes a pathetic continental breakfast from 7 to 10 am (who on vacation in New Orleans is up at that hour?), local phone calls and internet. Internet services has lots of blocks, starting with myspace.com.They tell you about this charge when you check in, and that it is mandatory.I booked thru Expedia, and they could not get the charge reversed, but Expedia did give me a coupon.Had I known ahead of time about this surcharge, I'd have applied that money to a stay in a better hotel. You should too.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bobgg
<Content>missing most everything the hotel is not worth visiting ... room service was not provided each day and towels were not left in the room ... phones did not work ... and the hotel tried to overcharge and include extra fees ... including an electricity fee of $5 per DAY  
<Date>Oct 7, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	5	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>abzdm
<Content>NIGHTMARE My husband and I went to NO for our anniversary. Trying to save a buck we saw this hotel and it looked okay online. It was offered on their site for 49.00 a nite plus whatever [--] taxes they come up with... oh and the valet parking is 3 blocks away. Meanwhile on our last night my husband went to check on the car because we parked on the street and it will get towed if not move by 7am. On his way he got robbed. These guys pulled him into the car... with a gun and stole his and my debit cards. I woke up frantic to no husband and waiting hours hoping and praying he return.I tried to get the police to help and they just blew me off. As i waited in front of the hotel he walked up around 6 and told me everything that he had just gone thru.WHAT I NIGHTMARE! i would just to pay for the decent hotel and in the right place.We are still and do not if we can get our money that was stolen back.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	1	2	1	1	-1	

<Author>campingmom_8
<Content>Taste of Old New Orleans If you are looking for something that is New Orleans this is the hotel for you. This is an old hotel (one that has flaws), however, this was totally awesome. The rooms were clean, nice beds, hot showers, staff was very friendly. The elevator is an older one so be prepared, but you have to remember this is part of the old New Orleans. I would definitely recommend anyone who wants a taste of New Orleans to stay here.This hotel offers everything a newer hotel has and it only a 1/2 block from Bourbon without all the noise.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	4	

<Author>MaryCayG
<Content>HOTEL HELL! This hotel should be no more than $60 bucks a night!! But it cost $125.00 and it is a rip off. This hotel is more like a hostel really. First, they could not process any our credit cards - making a point to say that all day long she had been processing other peoples cards. Second, the valet is $33 and you have to find a place to park on the right side of the street to valet (ever try to park in the quarter on a weekend?, hence the valet!!??). Third, no remote for the TV. Fourth, saw a mouse in the room. (that should be all I have to say but it isn't!). Second day - Fifth, no hand towels or floor mats, our friend in another room tried 3 different people for extra towels, etc. to no avail. Sixth, I could pee harder than the shower pressure (huge pet peeve). This room was entirely too expensive for its lack of detail. Good luck finding a manager too! Do yourself a favor and spend the right amount of money for a great hotel and stay across the street at the Royal Sonesta - we usually do but tried to save a little money for our friends - big mistake! Unless they drop the rate save your money and stay somewhere else....  
<Date>Sep 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	3	4	2	1	1	1	

<Author>bravetart
<Content>Don't Believe Everything that you Read! My fiance and I recently returned from our stay at the St Ann's. Needless to say, after reading some of the reviews online, I was apprehensive to say the least. I contacted the manager of the hotel and faxed him copies of some reviews that the hotel has had with my concern that my stay not end up like theirs. He responded immediarely and could not have been more accomodating. The day clerk checked us in with no problem and was polite and professional.Our room (204) was small but adequate and the bed was AMAZINGLY comfortable and the room had a balcony that opened onto Conti but the noise was VERY limited. Montys (two doors down) gave a great breakfast at a reasonable price. Yes while there was a mold type smell in the lobby, let's not forget the entire city is below sea level!....Our rooms were cleaned daily and extra towels were brought up as soon as requested.Previously I have stayed in both the Marriott and the Sheraton while in New Orleans on business and I would rather stay at the St Anns for its authenticity and location than at a chain hotel. Also I have found that people will give back what you give them and a kind word goes a long way .  
<Date>Sep 15, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Skygoddess817
<Content>Horrible Experience! Avoid at all costs I stayed at this hotel with a group - I didn't choose the hotel. It was awful! It was a business trip, but they didn't even have internet access. The valet parking at $30/day was a joke: they got a parking ticket while in posession of my rental car  didn't even tell me! Now I am having to pay an administrative fee to the rental car agency on top of the parking ticket! They wouldn't even bring the car from where it was parked 3 blocks away - I had to go get it and was late to meetings! So much for valet parking. My complaints to the hotel had no impact. The room was small and dingy - the whole place was in serious need of renovation. Maybe it was OK for sleeping if you are drunk, but if you actually want a decent hotel, avoid this place! And don't valet park your car.  
<Date>Aug 12, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Maddy5b
<Content>Dump This place is a dump. The lobby smelled of mold. The staff was extremely RUDE. There is no phone service in all rooms and our T.V. did not work. Pool was green.  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>1	3	2	5	2	1	1	1	

<Author>TLCCTR
<Content>Gross Gross And Gross We Checked into the hotel on Saturday, Nice enough room, AC was busted. We decided to go down and get a drink from the bar, a mouse ran accross my foot, nats everywhere! The elevator was somthing from the 1800s. I was charged wrong on my credit card and it took me 5 days of fighting with a jerk named Craig to refund my money! Would not recommend this hotel to anyone! STAY FAR FAR AWAY FROM IT!  
<Date>Jul 15, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nolatigergirl
<Content>Horrible Hotel! We booked rooms at this hotel for my parents and out of town guest attending a wedding celebration. Their rooms were so tiny that it required single file into the room. The toilets flushed (on their own) every 5 minutes all through the day and night. My parents have a picture of their restroom since it was absolutely ridiculous. You had stand on the toilet to reach the handle to flush. The front desk attendants were of zero assistance. They asked for air freshner to help with the horrible smell. The response from the front desk was Why would we have any air freshner? My friend also asked for an additional pillow and was told that they don't keep additional pillows for the hotel. We only booked there because the bar used to be run by this great lady that we met there and hoped they would enjoy the place. We were wrong...not to mention the lady that ran the bar also left because the place was run so horribly. Never again!  
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>whittleme
<Content>This IS a Dump!! We came to New Orleans to celebrate our wedding anniversary. After driving in circles for an hour or more trying to find their parking garage, my husband finally parked on the street and I went inside to find out where their parking garage was located. I was told I needed to check in first. I knew we were in trouble the moment I walked in, it smelled very musty! We were given mapquest directions to get to the parking gargage which was 3 blocks away. The website we booked from stated that parking was half price. We ended up paying $60.00 to park, beginning on Friday evening and ending on Sunday morning. Our room: OMG!! Hair on the bathroom floor, bathroom doorknob kept falling on the floor. We had two lamps for lighting which one did not work. I called the front desk and they never replaced the broken light, so needless to say, it was dark in the room. The plug in the bathroom did not work. We either had to freeze or turn the AC off. The noise from the street was terrible. It was as if we had the window opened all night. We didn't sleep! And we could hear all this up on the fourth floor. Their was no coffee pot or blow dryer in the room as was advertised on the website. The swimming pool was full of green slime. There was no free continental breakfast......the only thing that was free, was the coffee.......there was a charge of a $1.00 for a hard boiled egg. We ate breakfast next door at Monty's which was very good. This is the first and last time I stay at a hotel close to Bourbon St. Better off staying on Canal where you will at least get to sleep. I have to say, the staff was friendly. The person that cleaned our room after the first night, actually cleaned it better than it looked when we arrived. I have NEVER had to lug my luggage 3 long New Orleans blocks to get back to a hotel, and I've been to New Orleans many times. I would NEVER recommend this hotel and I will NEVER go back there. What they refer to as Old World Charm means old, dirty, musty and nothing charming.  
<Date>Jun 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	5	4	-1	

<Author>deebAl
<Content>front desk clerk is one busy girl.... ....on the phone with friends, doodling ,having a sour face ,take your pick. I booked a room with 2 doubles, of course they didn't have that available. I was with my friend and we like each other a lot but not for sharing a bed. She said maybe one would come up but I could tell from her attitude it wasn't on her priority list. We didn't get one, The room is smallish not the cleanest and old.But if you're there for Bourbon ,partying and walking and spending little time in the room and don't expect service from the front desk then this is your place.There was a couple of bright spots, Jaun(the porter)nice guy with a desire to help, he should be the front desk clerk ,if not manager of the whole place. and the cleaning guy in the patio was very pleasant.Never again  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>TxAnesth82
<Content>Not bad for price and location I got this room via a name my own price service. Once I received my reservation I googled the hotel and saw terrible reviews and was needlessly nervous until I arrived. I am writing this review to clarify some things. If you are low maintenance and don't need a lot out of your hotel room other than a shower and bed then this place is perfect. I come to New Orleans to walk around and take in as much of the city as I can. I am only in my hotel room to shower and sleep. As to the quality of the hotel, the patio is pretty cool looking but the swimming pool is nothing more than decoration, not really made for swimming. My room was clean, the sheets were clean and the bathroom was moderately clean. The toilet, sink and shower were all clean but the floor could have been mopped. The TV in the room is from the early 90's and small but who cares. I went downstairs to the copper monkey to have a beer and watch the game on their plasma screen tvs, I mean who wants to watch a ball game in a hotel room alone in New Orleans? Last the deal with elevators? I had no problems so dont worry. In summary its not a luxury hotel, but if location and character are important and you are on a budget then definitely give this place a shot. I would definitely stay here again if I could get the same rate.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>Jersey_Canuck
<Content>Never again! I was bumped to this hotel by it's sister property, the Hotel Saint Louis after they overbooked and could not accomodate me. After one night at the Marie Antoinette, I demanded to be moved back to where I had booked....this place is a dump.My room was dark and dirty with dated everything. The windows did not close properly allowing me to enjoy the constant hum of HVAC units on the roofs around me. The bathroom was a complete trainwreck. It was dirty, had a toilet that appeared to be 40 years old, and what looked like a payphone on the wall...except that it was broken and falling off the wall.There's very little service in this hotel anyway, but in my limited dealings with the front-desk, I was not impressed. I think I interrupted her text-messaging time so she was not friendly at all, and despite me being at this hotel due to her company screwing up, I was treated like I was being a nuisance.This hotel might be fine for drunk college kids looking for a place to crash during Mardi Gras, but for any normal adult looking for a comfortable night's rest in the FQ, I would strongly advise against it.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Redwolf78
<Content>The Worst Hotel I have ever had the Misfortune of being in I have stayed in allot of hotels in my day and never have I ever had an experience such as this one!!! First off I booked this via a popular website and lets say there negotiator must have been off that weekend because i got about the same service from them as i did this hotel!!! It all started at check in when there policy changed 2 weeks previous about smoking in the hotel. Unfortunately we had made these reservation 3-4 weeks in advance with no update about the change either from the online service or the hotel, strike 1. Then we were informed that we would have to exit the hotel no matter what time of day or night in the middle of the French quarter to enjoy a smoke, well we let this slide for the moment. Are rooms had no fitted sheets, the toilet was broken, had a great view of a dirty pool and overgrown court yard''''YAY, strike 2. Well needless to say we were exhausted and stayed that evening. The next morning myself, my wife, mother, father, sister and brother law checked out at separate times. Upon checkout we were informed that and I quote that they didn't need are attitude and they didn't need to check us out and we could just leave!!! and then the lady at the counter told my wife and once again I qoute shut your mouth. We were denied a refund by both the online service and the hotel and were charged for 2 nights we did not stay!!! So if you don't mind a dirty room with unworking toilets, being disrespected and rude service if any at all. Book Away!!!1  
<Date>Jun 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	1	-1	

<Author>RetiredTeach08
<Content>A Wonderful, Charming Place We went to New Orleans for a wedding, and this was one of the bride's suggested hotels. However, we did not meet the booking deadline, and figured how hard would it be to find something reasonable and nice on another not-to-be-mentioned hotel booking website. You can guess the outcome: our first choice was a pig-sty.As it was midnight, we had no choice but to sleep in our clothes on the sheet, and call the St. Ann Marie Antoinette the minute we woke up the next day, pleading for a room for our remaining five night stay. They readily accommodated us, at 11am, with a beautiful, sparking clean, sweet smelling, king size room, complete with sitting area/couch, and a balcony overlooking their peaceful pool and courtyard. It was glorious, a block from Bourbon Street, (which you could NOT hear at night, even with the balcony doors open.) Everyplace in the French quarter was within walking distance; we did not need to rent a car for the entire 5 day stay. Free continental breakfast in the morning, along with the local paper made it even better combined with an over-the-top staff who could not do enough for us to make us happy. We will stay nowhere else on our next visit to the French Quarter. (The price was also great!) We highly recommend it over the big name run-of the-mill chains, (or the no names!)  
<Date>May 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TubbyTankers
<Content>not good, but not horrible We stayed here for not even a day because the AC busted in our room and flooded the floor. The hotel staff was nice enough to move us to another hotel because they were sold out. Regardless, our brief stay was not boring. In addition to the AC busting, there was no water pressure in the shower and roaches in the room. So to hear we had to be moved to another hotel was not disappointing. Having said that, the rooms were basic and didn't appear dirty (minus the coach roach). The hotel is old and had some hurricane damage, so some of the negatives you should expect. The staff was remotely friendly, they did move us to another hotel without a price increase, but they didn't win any personality contests.The location is GREAT - just off bourbon street and 5 or 6 blocks from Jackson Square and the Mississippi river. I would suggest this hotel for college spring breakers or for mardi gras, where you are out of the room - and drunk -for most of the time.  
<Date>May 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>buckeyegal12
<Content>Not bad at all!! After reading the previous reviews of this establishment, I can tell you we were very nervous about our stay. I can honestly tell you our experience was a very good one. I will say that I can see where some of the bad reviews would have come from, but our experience was anything but bad. Yes the hotel is older, and yes the furniture has seen it's better days, but the bathroom was clean, the beds were comfortable, and the staff was VERY friendly and helpful! We did have a slight problem with the electonic keys working in our first room, but they quickly changed our room, and everything was fine. The stories about the Hellavator are unfortunatley true, we all had some rather funny moments with the elevator, but it added the fun of the weekend. Was it a five star hotel? No, but nor did we excpect it to be. It was perfect our visit, close to everything, very inexpensive and a comfortable place to sleep each night. It is also located next door to a wonderful little pub called the Cooper Monkey, which is open 24 / 7 as is their kitchen. The staff at the Monkey had to be some of the nicest, friendliest, people that we we encountered our entire weekend. We will defienatley being staying there on our next visite to the Big Easy!!  
<Date>Apr 28, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>osumiguel
<Content>No Frills, But a good stay!!! The hotel was nothing spectacular. The Horror Stories that I have read are greatly exagerated!!! This is an older hotel that has some issues, but, for the price and great location, it is well worth overlooking!!! The rooms were clean and the service was very good!!! Very nice and helpful staff!!!There were a few issues with the Hella-vator and our room keys needed to be recharged on 2 occasions. The water pressure in the shower was a bit low as well. This did not ruin my trip by any means!!!If you are looking for a upper-class hotel with all sorts of amenities, then this is definatly not the place to stay.However, If you are looking for a place to sleep, change, shower, and pass out, then this place is a real bargin!!!Only half a block from the center of Burbon St. and the Copper Monkey Bar next door is a great place to drink and get good eats!!!I will stay here the next time I go to New Orleans!!!  
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>hdopson
<Content>Beware of the Elevator! I have to laugh when I read all the other reviews talking about the 'hellivator. There were lots of problems with it and sometimes, it just never came. We just made a joke of it.We stayed here during the French Quarter Festival and booked it really last minute. We got a killer deal on it. The bottom line is this...the location is FANTASTIC for a Bourbon Street fun-fest. Think of it more as a hostel than as a hotel. The staff are not helpful in any way.The bar NEXT DOOR (not in the hotel), I think it is called the Copper Monkey, had great chicory coffee, good  cheap breakfasts. I just rolled out of bed and went down in my pj's to get coffee, sweet tea and bottled water. Took me less than 5 minutes. I did almost lose my arm to the slamming elevator doors....If you just need a room, don't want to spend a lot of money, can fend for yourself and want to be as close to Bourbon Street (we could see it from our balcony) then this place is alright. Have a sense of humor, you're there for fun and it makes for some great stories when you get back home!  
<Date>Apr 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	2	1	1	

<Author>ChambleeTracy
<Content>"Do you have Coffe?" "NO!"       The entrance to the hotel  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	4	2	5	1	1	

<Author>leesavage
<Content>No Service Hotel       Pretty window on 5th floor  
<Date>Apr 14, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>FunnyElevator
<Content>Loved the Elevator! For what I am accustomed to, this hotel was below standard for me. The first room had a dirty shower, the toilet tank didn't have a cover, there was no hot water in the sink, no working smoke detector, wallpaper was falling off the wall, exposed wires, no hairdryer, a cracked window overlooking an unkept courtyard. The room stunk once the lemon-fresh scent wore off. The plus about the first room, the bed was comfortable and the pillows were just right. The second room was a slight upgrade. (We had to be moved because the first room was apparently scheduled for renovation...thank goodness.) Second room had a normal toilet, hot water in the sink, shower was slightly cleaner, it had a hair dryer, and a view to a nice courtyard below. The negative about the second room, the bathroom door looked as if someone got stuck inside and had to rip the doorknob out of the door to get out. The bed was not comfy at all. It slouched in the middle and the pillows were flat as pancakes. The staff was helpful. The location is within walking distance to Bourbon Street and beyond. Very convenient. My favorite part was the hotel elevator. It only lets one person through before slamming shut and nearly dismembering the next person trying to get through the doors; and the emergency phone in the elevator does not have a handset, lol! So if you get stuck, oh well. If you have a good sense of humor, this is definitely a hotel with some character and gives you a lot to work with in the way of imagination. If you're not a hotel snob, it's perfect for the price and location.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Heaven1982
<Content>Old time charm?       View of the pool from room 409  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	3	3	2	-1	

<Author>Elokin6
<Content>Loud and kind of run down Just returned from a 4 night stay at the Saint Ann/Marie Antoinette. We booked our stay as a package and the room was dirt cheap, so I figured what the heck. I wasn't too put off by the previous negative reviews because most of the places I've stayed in the quarter have had similar comments, we're pretty punk rock, and I assume that most quarter hotels will be sort of odd.When we arrived, the lady at the front desk was unable to find our reservation. This was somewhat of a pain in the rear. She wasn't super helpful or even remotely apologetic about that.Our next stop was the elevator (or hellevator) which is kind of funky. The doors slam abruptly and are pretty loud. My husband got whacked by them a few times. The hellevator also has a tendency to go to floors without being asked, which made most of our trips to the lobby somewhat scenic. Our room was on the courtyard side on the third floor. Our window (no balconies on our floor) didn't have a screen on it, one of the lamps had a burned out light bulb, and the fan in the bathroom didn't work. Otherwise, the room was fine. It was reasonably clean but somewhat run down. The arm chair was stained and the bedspread had cigarette burns in it. The lighting in the room was pretty dim, as was the bathroom. We were in and out of our room at all hours, and didn't notice any Bourbon street noise drifting through the courtyard. It was awfully noisy in the morning though. We could hear every word that was spoken in the courtyard as if we were on the ground floor with an open window. The hall was also really noisy with the elevator slamming randomly (it did it ALL NIGHT on the 3rd night), housekeepers talking, and room doors slamming (you have to slam them to get them to close). It actually seemed like the hallway amplified noise since we never heard a peep from our neighbors. This really sucked since I like to sleep in really late after a night of Bourbon Street drinking.The ladies at the front desk were less than attentive. had to stand their and wait while one had a five minute personal conversation with a maintenance guy about somebody's baby daddy. We had to have our luggage stored between check out time and our flight, and when we returned to pick it up, the girl at the front desk seriously had me get it out of the closet myself. Nice security. The only helpful person we encountered at the desk was a guy who was working when we checked out. The courtyard was cute. The pool was a little funky, but I probably would have swam in it anyway if it hadn't been so chilly. I've seen worse in the way of French Quarter pools. All in all, this hotel seemed like it had seen better days. My husband said It's like they closed the place and forgot to tell the staff. The noise and the lack of wi-fi are my two deal breakers, so we will not stay here again, regardless of the price.  
<Date>Mar 29, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	3	1	2	1	

<Author>ginarenee1776
<Content>The price was right, but we still will not stay here next time We got a bargain on airfare and 3 nights at the St. Ann Marie Antoinette and because of that as well as the fact that were not too hard to please we were willing to give it a try. Unfortunately, some of the negative comments in previous reviews proved to be true and when we return to New Orleans next February we will not be staying at this hotel. First of all, the bathroom just wasn't that clean. There was hair stuck to the walls,splatters on the walls and dirt in the corners. The rest of the room seemed clean enough, though. Our first night, however, I got up to go to the bathroom and there was a roach on the floor of the bathroom--not a big one like some other reviewers wrote that they saw--but still a roach--YUCK! Also, the door to our balcony wouldn't lock so at night we pushed a chair in front of it, which made me a little nervous. The second night I went into the bathroom to get readyand luckily was wearing slippers due to the dirty floor and the roach because there was a broken glass on the floor right in front of the tub. I can't imagine how it got there except that perhaps the housekeeper broke it while cleaning up and only cleaned up half of it. The pool courtyard was pretty, but the pool itself wasn't very clean. Another negative was that the elevator doors close forcefully--sometimes before you are all the way through the door. Even with all this there were some good things about the hotel. The location is excellent if you are looking to be near Borboun Street--less than a minute walk which is great if you don't mind the noise. If you're a light sleeper and plan to turn in before 3 AM you might want to bring earplugs, especially if you have a room facing Conti Street. We thought the front desk help seemed to be nice enough so no complaints in that regard. Our stay wasn't all bad, but as I wrote earlier, we'll pay a little more next time to stay elsewhere.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	3	-1	-1	

<Author>asdf37
<Content>Worst.....hotel.......ever. Blood on the walls, ceiling damage, windows that wouldn't shut, a chirping smoke detector with no batteries, weird smells, a shower that only spit water, stained comforters, flat pillows, a barely functional elevator, a green pool that looked like a pond, and what sounded like an assault taking place in the room next door.....what's not to love?  
<Date>Mar 17, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>memboy
<Content>You Can Do Better! The room was clean, and the bed was comfortable.  That's where the fun ends I'm afraid. There was a constant slow leak coming from under the bathroom vanity. Everytime I went to the bathroom I stepped into a puddle of water. There was no cold water in the sink. The cold water knob was missing. The knobs in the shower were loose, which made it tricky to get the water temperature right. The toilet did not have a cover on the tank! Also, the toilet was constantly running. I had to get up several times to jiggle the handle in order to make it stop. The room temperature was good, which is a good thing because the thermostat did not seem to work. The maids replaced the coffee that I used, but they did not leave any sugar, sweetener, or creamer. I guess they thought I would not notice. Parking is awkward. There is no garage at the hotel itself. They use a garage a block away. On the day of my departure, the valet brought the wrong car. I had to wait another 15-20 minutes for them to find my car. Talk about a scary checkout experience! If you are a light sleeper, keep in mind that this hotel is very close to Bourbon Street. It will be noisy, even on the upper floors facing the courtyard.  
<Date>Mar 10, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	4	3	2	2	-1	

<Author>nurse01
<Content>bad choice Room was very noisy near bourbon street. Shower did not work .parking horrible. People not friendly at the desk others good.Safe place near police station and price was great. check hotel website for good prices.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	2	5	2	1	4	1	

<Author>squirreletraveler
<Content>Would stay again!!! My son and I stayed last weekend at the St. Ann/Marie Antionette. Our room had an opening window onto Conti so my son was able to unload some beads from our location. Hotel location is great, close to Bourban Street so be prepared for the noise, as with any hotel in this area.Room was clean, beds were comfy. Front desk staff and concierge all very helpful. Would recommend and stay again in the future.  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>jbierley
<Content>a total dump and worst service ever i am all about a cheap hotel room but this place is a crap hole! nothing worked, a/c, drink machine, elevator, ice machine etc. the staff was a joke! i asked one staff member if they had a water fountain and she laughed at me. she said that if you want water you have to go next door!! also a check was stolen from my wife's purse in the room. then forged and cashed for $600.00. so i don't even think i will go back to new orleans after this experience!  
<Date>Dec 5, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elveric
<Content>Looks like they are making an effort -- finally! Just returned from another stay at the St. Anne / Marie Antoinette, and this was a much better stay. First of all -- the new desk clerk let me check in at 2 pm instead of pointlessly waiting until 4 as I've had to do there in the past. 4th Floor has new carpet in the hall and the room I was in. Nice to see. And when I slept late and missed housekeeping, they left a nice note letting me know where to get clean towels.There were two non-suprises -- the tv was apparently haunted and turned itself off and on at random and the remote didn't work. And you needed a hydrology degree to get the shower to function. Took a good 10 mins to get hot water to this room.As I was leaving the night clerk said the owners are working on carpet now, followed by tvs and other electronics, then MAYBE the plumbing. I think they got rid of the clueless front desk staff, and I applaud their efforts!This place is still not The Ritz, but is a good place to crash if you are in town to see the town versus the hotel.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>JustTrippingIowa
<Content>You've Got to Be Kidding       2nd Room- Water damage  
<Date>Nov 7, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lace7784
<Content>Stay Away From St. Ann Marie Antoinette Hotel I love New Orleans, and I have never had such a horrible experience! First and foremost the St. Anne does not have parking; you must park your car at another location which is $40.00 per day. Once we made it to our room, they lost our reservation, we realized that all of the light bulbs were blown and when we tried to call down our phone did not work. Once we approached the employee at the front desk she simply said 鈥渨hy didn鈥檛 you call me鈥?OUR PHONE DOES NOT WORK! There was a heated conversation and the employee actually came around the desk and tried to get physical. We asked to speak with the manager and we were told to call her, finally once she arrived it was clear why the hotel was ran so poorly, she was also rude and basically told us we could just find another place to stay. There is a nice courtyard but the pool was growing a garden in the bottom. Do not be fooled by their web site or the location, this hotel is awful! We found a cute little place around the corner and continued on our little get away.  
<Date>Nov 6, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	2	3	1	1	1	

<Author>LeoFortWorth_Texas
<Content>Ann Marie Antoinette is no saint. After three previous stays in the Quarter, we know what to expect from old hotels in the area. October 5-7, 2007 was our first stay in this hotel. While the hotel didn鈥檛 seem all that busy our party of 4 was scattered over three floors. We were denied the promised balcony room they had always claimed they had on the phone. The carpets were filthy--wear socks. One in our party moved from a room with a broken shower to a room with a broken faucet. We met a lady in the elevator who suggested we buy sheets at a store nearby. She didn鈥檛 want to sleep on the linens in her room. The front desk clerk was consistently rude. Understandable since the management seems uninterested in maintaining their property or training their staff. Pity since the charming building and courtyard is really pretty with plum location to great shopping and eateries. Could be so nice.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>weekender099
<Content>Only as a last resort A disaster. First the clerk couldn't find my reservations. When I went to the room, it was already occupied. They gave me a new one. The shower didn't work. There was no hair dryer. We were not far from the elevator.The saving grace is that the staffers were friendly and all spoke English.The view was great. The valet (recommended for the French Quarter) was quite prompt.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	5	4	1	2	-1	

<Author>michwa
<Content>Dangerous place to stay with chilren and poor ameniities On August 6, 2007 thru August 8, 2007, my family of 5 children, my husband and I stayed at the St. Ann Marie Antoinette Hotel. We book two rooms. We requested two rooms adjoining or next to one another. We also requested a baby bed for our 20 month old to be in our room. We received neither. This may seem like not a big deal but, in fact it became a big problem. We were traveling with a 17, 12, 8, 7, and 20 month old. Needless to say the younger ones ran back and forth down the hall from room to room. There was not a safety lock on the door to the room and our baby kept on opening the door to go out every chance he got. The bathroom door did not work properly and often would get stuck in the bathroom. The balcony doors were so difficult to open, we gave up for fear the door would break. The elevator did not work right. It went to a different floor than requested and always smelled of burnt rubber. The ice machine was on our floor and did not work. I reported it to the desk clerk about an hour after arrival and still was not working when we left. We were told by maintenance that it had been unplgged because it made too much noise for the guest staying next door to it. Parking was located 5 blocks away by way of Bourbon Street. There were no vending machines in the hotel and the nearest convience store was not in walking distance with 5 kids. The hotel bar is individually owned and was only open the first night of our stay. Last but not least the pool was so small, we could not all fit comfortably to swim at one time. So much for big savings. I quess you get what you pay for $55.00 a night and $20.00 a day for parking.  
<Date>Aug 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	3	1	-1	

<Author>Desmond13
<Content>Not bad at all I was really nervous after booking my trip and then reading reviews about this hotel but was pleasantly surprised. Although the room was a bit dated, needed a coat of paint, and the TV and remote didn't work together, it was very clean and spacious. The maid service was good and there was no shortage of towels. My room was on the courtyard side and was fairly quiet. The only noise came from people out in the hallways. I heard another guest complain that the street side was noisy so keep that in mind if noise is a concern. The general rule at all French Quarter boutique hotels: don't expect the same type of experience you'd have at a corporate chain. If you want shiny, new, and 100% efficient, book elsewhere.  
<Date>Jul 19, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>quanababy
<Content>I'd rather get a root canal while being trampeled by a bull than stay here again From the very beginning this hotel was absolutely horrible. They charged me and my friends for 2 rooms but when we got there they told us that they only had 1 room for us. There is no managemet staff at the hotel(thy're all at the sister hotel a block away), so we had to wait for a mgr to drop by. The hotel staff is not 24/7 and so when i told the front desk clerk that i needed an iron, ironing board and hangers she told me that the staff went home and i had to come down and get it myself. the rooms were filthy , we refused to walk around the room barefoot for fear of catching some type of fungus. Not even the lobby was clean. The staff was so rude and shady that we refused to allow them to clean our rooms. did i mention the holes in the wall? i constantly gave the holes the finger in case thre were cameras in there. the hotel ran out of towels and sheets!! The pool was cloudy-nuf said. And that restaurant was NEVER open. The front desk clerk didn't know how to use the computer system and made sure that you knew that she didn't care. To top it all off, they tried to charge us for an extra night. everyone we ran into at the hotel was experiencing some kind of problem. someone even had a complaint about the ice--i didn't even want to know what that was about.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>IndianapolisNOLA
<Content>Upsetting I've been to New Orleans plenty of times, and have stayed in a different hotel each time. Unforunately, this was by far the worst. Despite the fact that we were able to check in early, the stay was quite disappointing. It started with a trip to the back courtyard andpool. The pool itself was about 10x10, and the fountain was green andsmelly. The courtyard was unkept with broken furniture and wilting banana trees. We found one of the famous giant New Orleans cockroaches in our room (we were told by a local that they only come in if the doors are open or the place is messy.) On the second day of our stay, staff informed us that the manager refused to give us more than two towels per day, despite the fact that four people were in our room and the heat was at 90 or above each day (warranting at LEAST two showers per day.) Housekeeping came to the room once duringa five day, four night stay, still refusing us more than two towels. It was very disappointing to have such a terrible stay in a wonderfulcity like New Orleans. Fortunately, it didn't ruin the trip for us whatsoever!  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	5	2	3	1	1	

<Author>MissouriGirls
<Content>Rundown Hotel! Dirty Rooms! Rude Staff! This hotel is dirty and rundown, the place stunk, the beds and pillows were very uncomfortable and the front desk staff was rude. I have stayed in three different hotels in New Orleans and this was by far the worst. If you want a good place to stay, go to the Inn on Bourbon. The staff is super polite, the rooms are beautiful, and the beds are to die for!!! If you are worried about the noise factor at Inn on Bourbon ask for an inside room. The Inn on Bourbon is very classy unlike the Marie Antoinette.  
<Date>Jun 26, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Bsargent
<Content>Gross.....stay somewhere else Well, where do I start? Some friends and I were in town for my bachelor party. We needed a place to stay. We remembered this hotel from a college trip and figured we'd give it a try. Big mistake. There was a lingering odor that overpowered an entire can of lysol. The pillows were stained with some sort of brown hair product. The rooms on the street side were very noisy. I read a previous review about a mouse problem...apparently they've cleared that up because there were crumbs everywhere. Look at it this way, if a group of mid-20s guys,recently (somewhat) out of college were grossed out by this place chances are you will be too. Do yourself a favor and keep looking. The price and location are the only reason this place is still in business. Do hotels have to abide by health codes? If so the inspector might be interested to check this place out.If you do infact decide to stay here, I recommend lysol, febreze, and a sleeping bag.  
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tilda54
<Content>Shabby Hotel, Good Location if you don't mind the noise I booked in this hotel because the rate was good and the location between Bourbon and Royal streets on Conti was very good. The hotel was more run-down than I expected, but was perfectly fine given that I didn't need more than a bed and cable TV. I was a bit disappointed to find that there was no wireless or broadband access in the hotel, and I would have had to take my laptop to the sister hotel two blocks away to connect. Fortunately, I was able to connect for a fee ($9.95) to the Hotel Sonesta wireless access provider from across the street. The location would be perfect for someone who wanted easy access to Bourbon street, but was a bit louder than I epected -- at least if you are in a room on the front of the hotel.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	3	1	

<Author>alstr1
<Content>Good Deal        view from room  
<Date>May 30, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>womantraveler59
<Content>Are You Kidding I do realize that the city is still recovering...but...this was pathetic. The hotel didn't bother with even basic cleaning prior to Jazz Fest. They did clean the pool the day before the Fest.The carpets were filthy...furniture broken...bathroom in bad shape....a real trap for the tourists. On the busiest weekend of the Fest, the mangement had put a single staff member at the desk...she was overwhelmed..as any normal person would be. The chairs in the lobby must have been taken from a local dumpster. ...filthy..filthy...filthy. There are so many other properties for the same price; not a word of their advertisement is true. The management should be ashamed of their decision to take advantage of tourists.  
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	1	

<Author>RaynDallas
<Content>A Real Stinker The service and cleanliness of this hotel was just abysmal. I tried to check in at 1 PM and was told by the very inattentive desk clerk that check in could not take place until after 3PM. On return I finally checked in and the clrsk acted like she was doing me a favor. The elevator floor was soil and filthy. My room was incrementally better. The lamps and clock were unplugged and I had to call an attendant to fixz them. The shower head was broken and stayed that way for my entire stay. The staff just seems like they did not care. If it were not for the location of this place in the middle of the French Quarter, all would be lost.DO NOT stay here until they fix their problems.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Wally66
<Content>Don't stay here -its a money trap and filthy! Not a good place to stay - don't do it! NB hidden costs -you have to pay to leave the hotel. We were massively underquoted a total price and staff were not keen to explain our extra charges! It doesn't look like the photos on the website at all. Don't be fooled!Moved rooms due to furniture being absent from first room. Found dead cockroach in 2nd room and filthy floor. Bathroom was filthy was taps coming off walls and the staff seemed to enjoy talking loudly outside guests rooms at 7am!  
<Date>May 6, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>angels123
<Content>the worst place ever mice in room i went down for the jazz festival this year and booked my room here. it was in a good location but that was the end of everything else. my room was filthy. the bathroom was the worst ever. mold and dirty floors and the wall had traces of mold etc. the furniture was something that should have been in the alley. ripped up sofa and so dirty you wouldn't want to sit on it.that was just the beginning. at night there were so many large cockrouches it was hard to sleep . then of all things here comes the mice right under my door and walked around my room then left, under the door when they saw i had no food for them. to say the least i slept with the light on and couldn't sleep at that. i would have checked out but i had prepaid and there wasn't any rooms in town at that time and i didn't want to loose all the money i had already spent. i did stay else were at the place de arms after that and it was great. you would be crazy to stay here ever. i would never go here again and would tell evryone i know not to go here.i told the staff and they didn't charge me for parking that was nice after all i didn't park my car in the lot they had. that was all i got from them.  
<Date>May 2, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>friendshiptravel
<Content>Don't stay here !!!!!!! Warning Worse hotel ever . Housekeeping stole my stuff ,phone charger , meds, make up bag , glasses , books .all paper work in room .Mang . convinced me that it was a mistake and would get my stuff back ( housekeeper tought I had checked out ????) After Iwas home in Ohio now I'm on my own . Can't file a Police report from here . I'm working with my credit card comp. to see if they can help . Hotel was dirty , no services . hotel web site doesn't show the green mold floating in the pool . I should have moved first night but had someone with a disbilitiy ( wheelchair , oxgen )too much trouble BUT , I paid for that bad decision .  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	1	

<Author>fclevenger
<Content>Worst Hotel Stay Ever Absolutely the worst hotel I have ever stay in. Room was dirty and needed attention. Cracked bathroom mirror -bathroom door would not shut fully. Lighting was terrible. Asked three times for a light bulb for the lamp between the beds but never arrived. Lots of noise in the courtyard until 4:30 AM kept everyone awake. Toilet would not stop running but told nothing they could do. Hotel had loud band in the courtyard at night for two nights - sounded like they were in the room with us. I new I was in trouble when I checked into the at the Lobby and saw how dingy it was.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mamaandcharlie
<Content>filthy and disgusting I stayed four nights and had to move three times. The first room was filthy. The marble countertop in the bathroom was held together with masking tape. The second room had a mouse. In the bathroom there were no towel racks. With one phone call to the front desk, I figured out the shower system. The third room was perfect except for the filthy carpeting. All the bathrooms needed to have the floors and molding scrubbed down, the doors need to be wiped down. It was just plain dirty, less so in that third room which I think was one of the better rooms. It faced the street and had a balconey.On the positive side. The beds were comfy and the towels soft.The bar off the courtyard area was cozy with very friendly bartenders. For the price, I would never go back to this place. There are nicer, cleaner places in the Quarter for the same price or a bit more.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Lucabrasi2
<Content>Grand Old Hotel I hestitate to write a good review in fear that this great hotel will be discovered. I even considered writing a bad review to throw the tourist (you know, those people who come to the Quarter thinking it is going to be like Disneyland) off the track. Located between Royal and Bourbon the rooms were well appointed and clean and the staff exceptional. OK so the hotel is old and worn, well so is the rest of the Quarter. Experienced travellers who come to New Orleans again and again know where to stay. The tourist should stay in one of the chain hotels on Canal. Or better yet stay out of the Quarter all together and go to Disneyland.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>PilgramRose
<Content>Excellent Place for the price       Exterior-toward Burbon St.  
<Date>Apr 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Maire123
<Content>What a dump!!!!!!!!!! I have to warn others, DON'T stay at this dump! I spent 4 nights hereand it was terrible. We had a horribly rude front desk person who wasin the process of arguing with other guests when we arrived, room keys that constantly didn't work and then couldn't find anyone to help us as the front desk staff disappeared more often than not, roaches in the room, water under the bathroom sink leaked into a huge pan and that then leaked to the room beneath us. We pointed that out to housekeeping who just left it as it was. Maid service came, when they felt like it but not every day and when they did they took all the towels and did not replace any of them nor the toiletries. Coffee maker set on the floor, not even on a tray. Bathroom door didn't close, lights burned out in bathroom and overhead. Parking is blocks away, expensive and at the hotel there is nowhere to offload your luggage in front. Overall is was AWFUL and I feel compelled to warn others! I travel a lot and am OK with low quality properties but this one wins the prize for the worst I'vestayed at in years!  
<Date>Mar 26, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>wkuman82
<Content>Terrible,, Terrible..Terrible Just got back from new orleans, stayed one night at this place, we booked Hotels.com so we assumed we were stuck in this place... room had no heat, tv remore didnt work, mouse traps in room, and roach traps, hair pens in rooms., but worst of all was the carpet it was filthy ...we just slept with clothes on and tried to enjoy the New Orleans quarter while out of the room...we stayed two nights earlier at the Place D Arms.. which was good and we should have stayed there.. also this place has a $28.00 parking charge higher than most of the other hotels..Please do not mess up your New Orleans trip and stay here..  
<Date>Mar 8, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MooneyPilot
<Content>Great Location, OK Stay My wife and I just stayed at the Marie Antionette/St. Ann for the Sugar Bowl. This is the second time that we have stayed at this hotel and not much had changed since our last stay. All in all the hotel is fair, but the location is outstanding. It is hard to beat for the money though. I will attempt to outline the good, the bad, and the ugly and hope that this review will be helpful to other travelers. To begin with, the city of New Orleans is still suffering from the effects of Katrina and all of the hotels are suffering with that. The check in time is 3pm and we arrived at 2:30 and no rooms were ready (lack of staff due to hurricane). The lobby was crowded with upset people waiting to check in. We however, checked our luggage with the concierge and went out to enjoy a nice lunch. When we returned around 3:30pm our room was ready. The room (King Deluxe) was ok (small by most hotel standards, but pretty normal for the French Quarter). The furniture was nice looking but showed some signs of wear (I think the hotel website photos are a bit old). All in all, not bad. The bathrooms are in major need of renovation. The toilet is antique with the tank mounted high up on the wall. It was clean and did work fine though. The shower was also old and in need of replacement (again, it was clean and worked fine though). Finally, the sink area was of a antique french design, but the faucet handles were missing the caps and you could see the screws that held them in (again just needs to be updated). Our room had a view of thier small, but quaint courtyard and the window opened and closed easily. The cable tv worked fine and was in an nice armiore. The only real complaint was that each day we had to call down to ask for more bath towels, as the maid did not have any (she told us that the hotel was completely full and that clean towels would not be available until they came back from the laundry service in the afternoon). However, each evening when we returned to the room, there were two clean towels on our bed (after requesting by phone). Finally, the lobby area is nice, but small and the elevator has a musty smokey smell in it (smells like stale cigar smoke). We did not experience that smell anywhere else in the hotel. All in all, if you set your expectations correctly, this hotel is fine. It is not the Windsor Court or the Ritz Carlton by any means, but if you are looking for a clean room in a GREAT location at a GREAT price the St. Ann/Marie Antionette is hard to beat.  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	4	3	3	2	

<Author>jcf70816
<Content>Great Place, Great Price As a travel agent, I take reviews and star ratings with a grain of salt. After reading the reviews on this site about this hotel, I was on the fence about staying there. Let me tell you, this is a great place to stay.I was very specific about the area of the Quarter I needed to be in, and this hotel was 4 blocks from where I needed to be. I paid full price, no special deals for being a travel agent, and after staying here, I would have paid more.The front desk staff and the concierge staff were great. Check in and Check out both took less than 5 minutes. Everyone I encountered had smiles on their faces, and a quick hello.My room, 206, while on the small side, was just right for me. King sized bed, closet with iron and ironing board, coffee maker, armoir that housed the TV, alarm clock, hair dryer, nice big towels, great water pressure in the shower, and a balcony overlooking Conti Street. Even being on the second floor, there was minimal street noise, and as a matter of fact, I slept with the french doors open.The bathroom was smaller than I would have liked, but it was stocked well with nice towels, soaps and shampoos. It served its purpose.There are things in the hotel that could be upgraded, but people need to remember that this building was put up more than 100 years ago, and at this time in New Orleans, help is at a premium. The staff at this hotel is doing a great job with limited resources.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to clients.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Trav55
<Content>Nice Hotel for a Nice Price The St. Ann is a nice small property in a great location. When making my reservation, I had requested a courtyard view. When making a reservation a request is simply that - a request, it is not a guarantee. My room was a street view and I went to the desk and asked if they could change it which they did. Both rooms were large for the Quarter. The bed was comfortable and the sheets and the blankets looked fairly new and were clean. The room had a nice large overstuffed chair that was great to relax in after a lot of walking. The room was clean and comfortable. The bathroom was small but clean and the shower had good water pressure. When I turned on the lamp at bedside the bulb burned out. The other one did not work, so I requested light bulbsand they were brought right away. Turns out the one lamp was unplugged(I should have thought to check as I sometimes unplug one to plug in a charger etc though I usually plug the lamp back before I leave). My main problem with the hotel was with housekeeping. It seems when they switched my room the old room was still in the computer so housekeeping did not make the room up. I did not get back before they had left, so the room did not get made up-not a big deal. They did bring fresh towels. I did change to the sister hotel the next night because the computer still did not have me in the right room.I would stay there again and would not hesitate to recommend it to others. I do wish they had a continental breakfast however.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>kzcamp
<Content>A wonderful little hotel! My husband and I stayed here on Halloween and had a great time, and the hotel had a lot to do with that. Our room was clean (even including the shower grout), the bed was oh-so comfortable, and the staff was pleasant and helpful. This is an old hotel, with an authentic New Orleans ambiance. Our room faced Conti St., and even though there was definitely 'a party going on,' we slept very well...noise wasn't a problem. Since I hadn't paid a Ritz-Carlton price, and knew I would be staying in building that's probably about 200 yrs. old, I wasn't expecting a Ritz-Carlton experience. I got what I was expecting: a quaint place in the heart of the French Quarter. Next time I go, and there WILL be a next time, I'll ask for a room overlooking the courtyard, because it is just so pretty!  
<Date>Nov 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>lacowboy
<Content>Will definitely be back A wonderful hotel in a great location in the middle of all the action in the French Quarter. Only 1/2 block to Bourbon Street which is great for my wife and I since we are getting older and don't walk long distances very well. Hotel was very clean and the staff extremely polite and helpful. The valet parking was excellent, it only took a short time to bring our car around. We will be back to the French Quarter and St Ann Marie will be our first choice.  
<Date>Nov 2, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>carrielou79
<Content>A Great Place! The people that are writing negative reviews about this place must have forgotten that this is a very old, 2 1/2-star hotel. My boyfriend and I thought the place was great! It has a very historic and quaint feel, so much better than all the commercial hotel chains. Although it is somewhat rough around the edges our room, including the bathroom, was very clean and without mold and the sheets and towels were sparkling white. I did not see one bug in the hotel during our 4-day trip. We received maid service every day, as well as complimentary coffee in the room. There was a working tv with remote and basic cable as well as working iron with ironing board. The little courtyard is very beautiful and made the perfect place to relax after a day and/or night on the town. In addition, the staff were extremely friendly and helpful with any requests and/or questions we had. The parking was $20 per night in a garage, but apparently this is a good deal for the French Quarter according to many of the locals. And you simply cannot beat the hotel's location and proximity to Bourbon and Canal Streets! This hotel put the perfect finishing touches on a wonderful trip to New Orleans and I would recommend it to anyone. However, if you are the type of person that likes brand new and modern everything, including new paint on the walls, then you may be uncomfortable at this hotel. But if you want the perfect New Orleans experience, then choose the Saint Anne Marie.  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>carri_d
<Content>Good God don't stay here Like so many others I found these reviews after our almost stay. I booked with hotels.com and did not expect the Ritz. All I ask for is a clean room and a place to park. After checking in I went to get ice and found a sticky trap full of cockroches the size of a country mouse and fleas, or some other flea like bugs. The bathroom was dirty, nothing had been wiped down in a really long time and there was a hole in the ceiling about the size of a coffee cup. There were no towels. Because of the bathroom I decided to check the beds. The sheets were dirty and covered with body hair and crumbs. I went down and asked for another room. The next room was the same minus the hole in the ceiling but this time you could see hand prints on the towels that were there. I went to the front desk to check out and cancel when the front desk person insisted that I check another room. The third room had again dirty sheets and dirty towels. I called hotels.com and had them change my hotel to another. The front desk person apologised and proceeded to tell me that everything was dirty and bug infested because they had hired mexicans to clean the rooms.  I am a mexican american.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Aussiefitzy
<Content>Give It A Miss The hotel is in a great location, but I would have serious doubts in recommending the hotel as there are several deficiencies that need immediate attention.Hotel is in need of some seious maintenance i.e. broken counter tops, leaking taps, no self closing room doors, window locks not working and musty stench from stairwells.There is no parking at the hotel and runs $18 - $25 per day plus tax.No High Speed Internet access at all is available, you have to cross the road to a sister property's lobby and pay $10 a day.Had a bad experience with a rude staff member while checking out, but that hasn't swayed my review.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	5	3	2	3	1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Will definitely be back to this hotel! WOW! Thank you trip advisor! I had to go to NOLA for a second time this year for work. My boss had me booked in another hotel, but after reading the horrible reviews it got, I switched to the St Ann. It got pretty good reviews on your site, but I was skeptical.... When I got there, my room wasn't ready yet, so I drove around the quarter for awhile. (housekeeping only works every other day due to limited staffing). When I finally got my room... I loved it!!It's an old hotel (built in the 1800's is what I was told).... and it has plenty of old southern charm. Most of the front desk staff was very helpful.... they knew my name, and were very pleasant each time I had to go through the lobby. The room I had was facing the little courtyard and pool....king size bed, love seat, desk, tv, chair..... VERY pleased. Now, if you're going to NOLA to be pampered in a fancy hotel... pass this one up. It's very basic. But I stayed for 4 nights and didn't have any trouble at all. And the price was outstanding. The only complaint is the whole parking fee. But, in the French Quarter, good parking is very limited anyway and it's much easier to just pay the valet fee than to have to search for a place to park each time. It's right off Bourbon Street, so there is plenty to see and do. I just returned home lastnight, and I already can't wait to get back! Thanks St Ann! You will be seeing much more of me if I have anything to say about it!  
<Date>Jul 16, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>GoBeavs
<Content>Great Location, Few problems! The hotel is in a great location. We go to NOLA every year and have tried a new hotel everytime. This location was the best so far. All we do is sleep in the room anyways. We were three women travelling alone and never had any concerns in the quarter or in the hotel and it was nice location for if we did get split up. There were nicer rooms then we had, but the room was quiet. The beds were comfortable.Yes there is some mold around in the bathroom and the lampshade fell off. The TV was old, but we never cared. So if you want to sit around and look at your room it's not the place for you, but if you just see your room as a place to stay and easy to get to when you've had a few in the French Quarter it's excellent.  
<Date>Jun 17, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>JimL
<Content>Below medium Yes, this place has very mixed reviews, as always depending upon what the reviewer sees as important. Also earlier reviews, some were before the storm, and some were before or after some very gradual stages of renovation. I saw some floors and rooms that were being worked on. For me, going in, I was aware that it is (1) an older building. I actually like those with character. (2) It was a discounted price, so I didn't expect luxury. 49 a night compared to what I usually pay, 90-140 at other places and THOSE are discounted rates; So I feel I got what I paid for.The room was nice, appeared to have relatively new carpeting and mattress, nice linens, etc. a/.c worked better than some higher priced spreads. Furniture, tv, showed signs of wear. (So does my home :) I am aware that every business is having problems recovering from the storms, and finding employees is scarce. Hotel staff were 50/50 -- half good, half without a clue. The desk has two signs, reception and concierge. I think they should take down the concierge sign. The employee there didn't know the local street names, and couldn't find the number for a local club, even using the yellow pages. I found it for her. Then she let me use her phone to make a reservation. Uhm, isn't that was a concierge does? Phones - evidently the phones work in the quarter, but you can't dial out of the area (CBD, warehouse district, etc), and no incoming voice mail. But that's the city utilities. The hotel is doing plumbing work - two of my eight days there was no water, and no advance notice!! Both Tuesdays, I know it's the slowest occupancy day. Housekeeping - non-existent. Some hotels mention restrictions on their website, or at check in. Nothing said here. On the fifth day I simpply asked the desk for at least toilet paper and fresh towels. The room was completely made up that evening. But only that one time. As I say, I'm making allowances for the bargain rate. Would I stay there again, even at that rate? NO. For me, a moderately nice hotel is part of my vacation.  
<Date>May 21, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is OUR spot This sweet little hotel is in the middle of it all. My husband and I love staying there every year. We can walk to all the great places, the Square, the River, all the great shops and walk right back to the hotel. The service is great and the price is right. As soon as the reapirs are made, we plan to visit again and hope to see all the smiling faces of the staff. If you go to New Orleans, you need to visit this little piece of charm!!!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>juwanapla
<Content>This is the place to stay!!!!! Ok, the people who give the bad reviews obviously are on their first stay in New Orleans. We've been to NO a few times and stayed at 6 different hotels because we like to check out the different locations. The St. Ann is definately one of the best and most unigue. First of all, New Orleans is NOT NEW!!! If you want fancy and fresh, stay in one of the Known Places. If you want real New Orleans ambiance and feel, stay in the St. Ann's. First of all, the staff is more than friendly. They are willing to accomidate you in all areas. Ask them where the party is, or where to eat, they will tell you!!!! Not give you the tourist hot spots. (By the way, the best food I've ever eatten was recommended by locals, not travel books.) The rooms are beyond clean for New Orleans standards. Believe me, I live in Vegas, and everything is new and sterile. The rooms are standard and very clean. The bartendars in the bar are the best in town. Claire and Christina made our stay! Two steps from Bourbon Street, it is quiet and quaint. You can not get any closer without staying on Bourbon. All in all, the rooms are clean, the staff is friendly, and the ambiance is beautiful. And if you want a little NO haunt, well...let's just say the hotel offers that, too! We had a few of our own little experiences! Our next stay is going to be at St Ann Marie's!!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Cute and Historic with lovely courtyard I think the folks that wrote the bad reviews must have been expecting a five star hotel at a 2 star price. I stayed there in October and really liked it. I found nothing wrong with it the accomodations at all. Hey, if you want the Omni then book a room there! I thought the hotel was affordable, quaint and delightful. Given the French Quarter location, the price was very reasonable and although the room was not fancy, it was clean, close to everything and the staff was very friendly and helpful. The little courtyard is lovely and I adored the quaint architecture. I plan to stay there on my next trip.  
<Date>Jun 12, 2005
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>tankerraid
<Content>Needs work, but has some bright spots We stayed at the St. Ann while in town for our engagement party. While my husband is from New Orleans, I wanted the experience of staying near Bourbon street, and got everything I asked for, and a little that I didn't.To start with, this hotel would never be able to charge the rates it does if it weren't within one half-block of Bourbon street. Then, hotel rates in New Orleans are exorbitant, so that much is to be expected.The hotel itself is slightly ramshackle. The hallways are full of scuff marks and need to be painted, the rugs are worn, etc. The rooms we stayed in were ample, but average, and the bathrooms needed a good cleaning... our bathtub had clearly not been scrubbed in ages, and there was dust in the corners of the room.The service was lackluster, with the exception of one gentleman who was at the front desk the morning we checked out. The proximity to Bourbon street for the price once pays at this hotel is great... although proximity comes with the price of the street noise that builds around 2am to 4am. If possible, request a room that looks out over the pool, where things are much quieter.The bright spot of the hotel is the garden patio/bar seating area by the pool where they also have live music on the weekends. This was a great place to get away from the heat and noise of daytime Bourbon street, and to have a drink after showering and changing before heading out to the night scene. My overall experience of this hotel was that, for the money, I was getting ripped off, but for the place (New Orleans, right on Bourbon street) what I was getting was good enough not to ruin my weekend in town. My seventy-five year old mother hated the place, but people younger in attitude or age with less expectation can get along at this hotel just fine. I might possibly stay at this hotel again, if price warranted, and if the cleanliness of the hotel got some improvement.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Was I in the same hotel as these other people? I loved this hotel! My husband and I were in N.O. in March for a conference and did not want to stay at the Fairmont. We wanted a small, inexpensive hotel in the Quarter and, despite the negative reviews, booked here. Our room was $55 a night for the weeknights and $105 on Friday. For that, we got a spacious, very clean room with a small balcony overlooking a wonderful courtyard. We found the hotel to be very clean. The bar is kinda neat but we took our drinks outside-why waste that courtyard! We were on the fourth floor which is nonsmoking. No smells anywhere, including the elevator (which worked fine for us.) For the money, the location and the atmosphere, we will definitely book here again.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not very clean We stayed there for 6 nights. Close to everything. Not well maintained. Elevator rug and lobby not cleaned at all during my stay. I met the manager and showed her the missing door striker on the room, months of dirt on the bathroom molding, no exhaust in the bathroom, no vacuuming of the room, cleaning equipment left in the room. Never did get it clean even after meeting the manager.Being close to Bourbon is good for walking, bad for sleeping, very noisy until 3 am.Had a disgruntled prostitute pull the fire alarm one night at 5 am.Will not stay there again, do not recommend for anyone who wants a clean hotel. Desk clerks were OK, but mostly disinterested, still did not get the elevator cleaned.  
<Date>Apr 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The Worst Hotel Ever We have stayed at many hotels in New Orleans, many of which are frequently older and not in the best condition, but that is all part of the fantastic charm of New Orleans. The St. Anne Marie on the other hand, made us take a few steps back. The room was dirty with the wallpaper peeling off the walls. There were two broken windows and the windows did not close properly or completely. The ammenities advertised were not in the room. We finally got a coffee pot on the fifth morning. The bathroom toilet didn't have a cover on the back and you had to reach into the tank to pull the chain to flush it. You had to push down and turn the hot water faucet just right in order to get the water to flow....and at that you didn't know what you were going to get. The furniture was not antiques, but it was falling apart. There were light fixtures with missing globes and worse yet, open hot sockets without bulbs. The emergency exit signs were broken or missing the plastic exit message altogether. The advertised restaurant was a large empty room. The pool was not clean whatsoever. The location however was excellent, 1/2 block from Bourbon and the hot water was hot once it started to flow. The staff was okay, but nothing special. I will never stay at this place again and don't recommend it.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Surprise I was very nervous booking this hotel for a bachelor party for a group of friends. This hotel is not as bad as many of the reviews I read. The hotel staff were friendly and accomodating. The room I stayed in was clean and updated. It had a coffee pot, hair dryer, and iron. The carpet and walls were clean as was the bathroom with updates. The sheets were crisp and clean and we had plenty of towels. My room 516 overlooked the courtyard and was very quiet. The A/C may have worked too good (the a/c kept the room very pleasantly cool) The only downer was the water pressure at the shower. It was barely a stream but plenty hot. We were in and out of the elavator and did not experience any long waits though the doors tend to close quickly. No strange odors or events of note on the elevator. Their courtyard was clean and very pleasant. We sat around most of the afternoon Saturday waiting on the check in time for the balance of our party. They did not allow an early check in so don't be in a hurry to get there. The pool was clean enough to swim in but not perfect. Who cares in the early spring? We used the off site parking with no problems. They said it would take 20 minutes and they were accurate. The bar next to the hotel going toward Burbon has a great Shrimp and Oyster PoBoy and cold beer. We were in a large party and had 3 rooms no one complained that I know of. The hotel had me down for three rooms with King Beds not the doubles that I requested but the guy checking us in corrected this very qiuckly. We were there during the French Quarter Festival and did not experience any problems. The rooms were a bit pricey but we were only 1/2 a block from Burbon right were all the fun begins. Nobody complained about the easy walk to and from Burbon Saturday night and not having to take a cab anywhere. It was worth the extra expense for the convient location.  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I wasn't mortified, but.. Booked the St. Ann online for a great deal, expecting at least a three star hotel. Arrived at a hotel I would rate about 1 1/2. The elevator is some sort of haunted death trap that is mysteriously drawn to the fourth floor for no reason at all. That happened about 75% of the time we were in it.  The heated pool was not, but I swam anyway, because I am from Michigan, I was on vacation, and it was about 72 degrees outside. I threw aside the dead bugs and leaves and went to town in there until I was blue.  The location of this joint is wonderful. Close to the Oceana Grill (one of our favorites) and an easy walk to everywhere we wanted to go. I found the bell staff very engaging but the desk staff decidedly less so. Of course, when you have one person doing all the work, they'll tend to get a little short.  Our room was comfortable if somewhat spartan, the A/C was good, the view was okay, and the bathroom was very small. OH! We asked for a hair dryer, waited 30 minutes for it and then left wet, only to find it in our bathroom when we returned. That did not speak well of the privacy issue. I'd stay again if I was budgeting, but will not again opt for this hotel if I can help it.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2005
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not as bad as others portray We just returned from a few days in New Orleans. The St Anne/Marie Antoinette is not as bad as the reviews. The hotel is a bit older but that adds to the atmosphere. The room was OK. Don't believe all the reviews. I was very hesitant to stay at this hotel after booking and then reading the reviews. It was clean and historic. The beds were ok, the rooms were a little small. Request a room off the street, it was quite when you want to sleep. All in all I was happy with our stay at the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 24, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SPKlein52
<Content>Nice place and super friendly staff I and a friend stayed at this place and we were both very surprised at the extreme good quality of service.  I would strongly suggest this hotel to anyone wishing to see the Big Easy and not spend a fortune in doing so; but, getting the quality of service of a 5 star property.   
<Date>Feb 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Absolutely Horrible Place The amenities listed were nonexistent. There is no restuarant, the cable is very basic, the rooms are filthy and there were roaches in our luggage when we left! The beds are old and broken, carpet dirty and torn, wallpaper peeling, the sinks are marble but they are broken, no marble tubs that we saw as stated in the amenities, the linens were not changed, no coffee or water available. The elevator is very dangerous, it closes without warning and won't open again when it hits something. There were areas where people had gotten sick on the public balconies and this was not cleaned up for days. The lobby was being remodeled and we had to walk around the painters and carpenters. The patio and pool area were very dreary and dirty also.The staff is not very helpful and seemed very unhappy and were at times rude. We left this morning and had to wait for our car for over 30 minutes. We were not told that there was a 22.00 charge each day for parking and that it was approx 4 blocks away until the day we arrived. That added over 130.00 to our total bill. Overall this has been the worst hotel we have ever stayed in.Because of the holidays there were no other accommodations available in the area so we had nowhere else to go.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a dirty hotel . We stayed only two nights after paying for three. When the toilet tank is mounted on the wall at head level with no top on it, you know you are in trouble. You have to stand on the side of the tub to make the toilet quit running. The smoke alarms did not have a way to check the batteries to see if they were working. When we came into the lobby, it had two couches that looked like homeless people had slept on them.On Sunday afternoon, the cart with dirty laundry was setting in the middle of the lobby and you had to walk around it. This was booked throught hotels and I will be trying to get a refund on my third night.  
<Date>Dec 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great for Students!!! First off, I'm a poor college student and found a great rate for a hotel right off bourbon street and that made me happy! So I researched the hotel on here and heard sorta scary things but dumb me had already booked the hotel room. Well I had the most fabulous time! The staff was really polite, helpful, and above all FUN! The treated COLLEGE students with respect which NO hospitality worker does and the hotel itself was great. You are literally a block off of Bourbon and the hotel is pretty cute and clean too! The rooms were adorable and quite big. The only downer was it was kinda noisy at night being near Bourbon and all, but if you are going to New Orleans and staying in the French Quarter this shouldnt bother you! I had the best time and will most definetly come back and stay!  
<Date>Nov 30, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Trip Advisor User Like a few others I found these reviews after I booked the hotel. I'm happy to report that my stay was what I expected for a 2-star hotel. The room was fine. The staff was friendly and helpful. My room was cleaned every day. The elevator had no smell, but it was kind of quirky (it takes a while for the doors to close in the lobby). The bar was very nice. There are several restaurants just up and down the street from the entrance. And you're only a half block off Bourbon St.I did find Conti St. to be a very busy street at all hours, so ask for a room that does not overlook Conti.There was no clock radio in my room. Luckily I brought a travel alarm.As one reviewer noted, there was no hair dryer.I don't go to New Orleans to hang out in the hotel, so the St. Ann/Marie Antoinette was just what I was looking for.  
<Date>Nov 9, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good enough for Bob Dylan Anybody who would think this hotel is a dirty hovel probably has no business visiting New Orleans in the first place. It's a cheap hotel 1 block from Bourbon Street. If you expect luxury, stay at the Royal Sonesta across the street. We went there for our anniversary and found it to be ideally located, the staff to be super friendly and our room was just fine. There was nothing wrong with it at all. I'm ultra sensitive about smoking (and the whole city smokes), and Bourbon street usually smells like vomit, and none of that was evident in our room.The hotel has a really nice little courtyard that Bob Dylan writes about in his new autobiography (I only mention it because I opened the book up randomly at a bookstore in New Orleans and found a passage about my hotel). If it's good enough for Bob....  
<Date>Oct 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good location-but not worth the money I booked this hotel for our first anniversary and I really hoped an old hotel with a good location would overcome the negatives. Overall, I was disappointed. Pros- 1. good locationCons- 1. Not worth the money-paid $179 a night-you could get a nicer hotel in the area for at least the same price2. Restaurant- open for breakfast, first morning noone would seat us after waiting 10 minutes, second morning did get seated3. Bed was horrible-sank in middle, squeaked, headboard loose, pillows were uncomfortable4. Hotel Condition- staff seemed apathetic, hotel seemed to be in major need of renovations! the carpet was dirty, elevator was slow, broken light fixtures  shingles on windows 5. Courtyard-ok to sit and have afternoon drinks in-pool is only for looks- tables are rotten  
<Date>Oct 5, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great little hotel i spent 3 nights here and was delighted. this hotel doesn't claim to be nor does it attempt to be a luxury hotel. the room was clean, the service was excellent, the courtyard was quiet, and the bar was a great relief from the detestable bourbon street scene. the location is perfect. i plan to stay here again. don't let the frightful reviews deter you.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not for the Hoity-Toity Crowd Admittedly this was not the best hotel I have ever stayed in but the atmosphere, location and staff were all fantastic. The carpet in the room was stained, the shower did not have the water pressure I am accustomed to and yes the elevator did have an old smell to it but it's and old building and New Orleans is humid almost all year round. The pool was not what I considered good for human use but it added to the beautiful court yard and besides, if you are taking a trip to the Big Easy just to lay about a hotel swimming pool you are going to the wrong city. My only complaint was that I did not think to bring my hair dryer knowing that hotels have built in ones now. Well, not this one. I believe the hotel was well worth the money and the location could not be better. So if your not a spoiled person and don't mind sacrificing a few minor hotel luxeries, stay here.  
<Date>Aug 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Location - Overall a nice place My husband and I spent 3 nights here for our honeymoon. The staff was very nice. The hotel is located close to Bourbon Street but we didnt hear loud music in our room. The room was clean but the hotel is a little old but so is the french quarter. That is part of the experience of visiting New Orleans.I would stay here again.  
<Date>Jul 10, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>We won't be back My wife and I recently spent 5 nights at this hotel. We are not hard to please, but we were so disappointed we had to send this review. First of all, the room we booked 90 days in advance was not available and we had to spend our first night in a smaller room. Then the issue of cleanliness. Our room and hallways/elevator were all very dirty. The pool was so bad that no one used it in the 5 days we were there. Ash trays in the halls had the same butts in them 4 days later. Used food trays regularly stayed in the halls for over 24 hours. The last problem was the noise. We had to buy earplugs to allow for any sleep. Nice area to explore and we loved New Orleans, but we will never stay in this hotel again.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Depends on what you expect in a hotel... Booked it before reading these reviews...nearly changed my reservations based on them. Glad I didn't, though, because I kind of liked the place. But it isn't for everyone, just like the French Quarter isn't for everyone. Yes the place is kind of dirty/musty, and the elevator smells like an old library, but it has the run-down old charm that a lot of the Quarter has. The pool seems like it's just for display(really cold water, leaves, etc.), but the courtyard is charming. With the exception of one bellman the staff were pleasant to us and quickly got us the extra fold-away bed we asked for. Our room facing Conti was clean enough and the bathroom OK. Shower fluctuates between hot/cold unexpectedly, making showering an adventure in the fine line between pleasure and pain. I overheard one lady at the desk complaining that her faucet handle comes off. Evidently the quality of the rooms varies widely, but ours was OK--clean sheets/carpet, furniture a bit nicked/old but not junky. Those whose idea of an acceptable hotel is a Sheraton or Hilton will NOT like this place..but they won't like a lot of things in the French Quarter. The rooms are expensive, but you pay for the location--and the location ROCKS. If you are not a neat freak and you get a decent price you may find this place charming. I liked it.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KINGHOPWAS
<Content>Believe what you read. Do not stay here - Please. I found these reviews only after I had booked. I was told by my travel agent that it was a 4 star Hotel, and the web site looks good so decided to give it a try. Don't make the same mistake. It does not deserve any rating at all. On approaching the Hotel there was a doorman slouched at the front door dragging on a cigarette. He disappeared as soon as we stopped and was not seen again, no assistance with our bags. If there was a pattern on the lobbby carpet I could not see it, the dirt was so thick. The staff were surly. Yes the elevator does smell and the carpet is covered in chewing gum. Litter was left in the corridors for days and a balcony on a no smoking floor never had the cigarette ends swept up. Housekeeping was virtually non-existent. The sparkling pool was full of dead leaves and dirt. The bar was so dark I felt concerned for my personal safety but I suspect the real reason was that any illumination would have exposed the filth and dirt. Our room had a dirty carpet and worn/broken furniture, aircon that could not be adjusted and a thermostat that was held together with sticky tape (it fell apart exposing bare electric wires). The bathroom was unreal. Rusty (and I mean rusty) shower fittings, mould, cracked wash basin, thick dust, rusty lights, dirty floor. I could go on. I am still asking myself why I stayed. I suppose after travelling for 18 hours all we wanted to do was sleep and then with just 3 days in New Orleans I did not want to be arguing over the return of my payment and look for somewhere else to stay. PS did I mention the bedroom and bathroom doors? They were so ill fitting I could not make up my mind whether a limbo dancer owned the place or if they were a job lot off a western saloon bar.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, smelly, unhelpful staff, a veritable armpit of a place to stay. Do not believe the beautiful St Ann Hotel web page. This place is a hole. The elevator smell alone was so nauseating that it set the preview for what was to come. The room was dirty, the phones not working, the shower a joke as a trickle of water to shower in, dirty bathroom, the staff apathetic at best.....We were supposed to stay at the St Louis Hotel to begin with and they gave up our room(booked 7 months in advance) and placed us in this seedy sister hotel. If you read the reviews for the St Louis Hotel in Trip Advisor it looks just as bad so it looks like we didn't give up much. Problem was we had prepaid for the St Louis which was approximately $50 more then the St Ann and were refused a refund for the difference. Believe the reviews. Don't stay here!  
<Date>Feb 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>WhiteSox12
<Content>Are we staying at the same hotel? The more I read the bad reviews, I wonder if we are staying at the same hotel? I was a bit apprehensive when I had booked this hotel for 4 of us that were traveling to New Orleans. We came in on a Sunday and stayed through Thursday in November. What I found was a hotel close to everything we needed in the French Quarter. The staff was very helpful, and in one instance going above and beyond what I am sure an employee of a 4 star hotel would have done in the same situation. The rooms were clean, and staff was helpful when we asked for the repair of a plumbing problem. I have no idea what all the complaints are about this hotel, unless some of the lower level rooms have not yet been updated. Our room was clean, the TV new and had a remote and the bed very comfortable. Would I stay here again? You bet. Price was great and location even better.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>$128 +$23 aday parking hell hole and Stuff stolen from cars For the last 1o years I have gone to New Orleans for a confernce in December. Becasue I was slow at booking my room, I had to move from Royal Sonesta to St ann marie for one night. The desk was over worked since it has only had one peron handling check in and check out, I saw what appeared to be a kick back from a cab driver to concierge, They had off premises parking. The parking lot was run/owned by a third party I think. While i was there three vehicles in front of me had stuff stolen out of them. I will never stay there again. I find the other negative articles to be truthful about the cleaniness of the place. For the money better placces are in the quater.  
<Date>Dec 17, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst ever!! Would rather go to jail!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>guthesq
<Content>What a Dump! Stay Elsewhere Who ever gives this place a rating better than terrible doesn't expect much from a hotel or hasn't stayed at many places in New Orleans. This place is such a dump and I'm so pissed that I'm actually writing this review from my hotel room. It's a miracle that I'm even able to dial-out. This place is so filthy, it's unbelievable. The carpet in our room has ground-in dirt spots, and is so disgusting that I'm afraid I might catch a foot infection. The dirty and extremely tiny bathroom has a hole in the ceiling--fortunately I did't find any camera lenses, just more dirt. The furniture is trashed beyond belief. Apparently, we're only alloted a certain amount of toilet tissue per day--our maid didn't replace the empty role so that must be the reason. It must be the same for the two dirty water glasses that didn't get replaced with clean ones. The towels are so old and scratchy that my wife jokingly commented that they were making her bleed. Believe it or not, the TV is actually color--when it works, that is. Everything is cheap and dingy. Some, but not all, of the staff will acknowledge you, but don't expect your requests to be met--for example, my wife asked for an extra blanket. It never came. There is a coffee pot and cups from another guest still in the hallway at 8:00 PM. The little clock radio is so encrusted with dirt and other gunk it was hard to figure out which buttons were which. The bed cover looks like it had been sprayed with the bodily fluids and DNA of many guests--I wouldn't be suprised if it started breathing on its own. Don't try using your arm to hold the elevator door unless you want to end up with a bloody stump instead of a hand. I can't say enough bad things about this wretched flop-house. They should start renting this place out by the hour... Don't expect anything from this dump, other than a feeling of oh-my-gawd astonishment / disappointment and of being totally ripped off. Next time, I'll be back to my old stand-by--the clean and classy Prince Conti, which is the same or less per night than the Saint Ann dump and is only a block away. Advice: if the Prince Conti doesn't have any rooms, spend the extra $50 per night to stay ANYwhere else but this crap-hole--you'll be glad you did. It's amazing that the Saint Ann is still in business--no wonder they still had rooms available... Don't believe the other reviews written here that say the people were worried, but ended up having a great experience--that is either naviete or total BS. It's going to take a while for me to make this up to my wife...  
<Date>Dec 15, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not The Ritz Carlton. I was a bit nervous to stay here after reading the reviews. However it wasnt as bad as I expected. It just depends what youre looking for. If you want a place to shower and some clean sheets to sleep on and stay in a great location and not pay any more than say $95 a night then maybe you would like this place. Someone said it's a Motel 6 type place, and I would agree. But the $95 we paid to stay in the French Quarter on a Saturday night really isnt that bad. We dont go on vacation to hang out at the hotel. If you do then this isnt the place for you. But if you want to be in walking distance from tons of stuff and can get a good deal you may want to check it out.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Noise from Burbon St., good location Enjoyed my second visit to New Orleans. Took a chance and just picked up a brochure at the Visitors Center entering New Orleans. Stopped at the St. Ann because of their brochure with a price of $49.00 per night with free parking. I know most of these advertisements are just a come-on. Unbelievably enough we were given a room for that price, BUT were told we had to pay an extra $14.99 for parking AND we could only stay one night. (which was mid-week)..After finding out what the going prices were, we were extremely happy to have the room at that price. Was nice place, although desk clerks not to friendly, concierge helpful though. Would hate to pay more than $100 for a room there, but I guess location is everything.  
<Date>Nov 8, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>My experience was pretty good! My wife and I stayed at the St. Ann Marie Antoinette from Oct 9th 2003 to October 13th 2003. Overall I had a pleasant stay, and the experience I had was a far cry from some of those opinions expressed by several guests. This is a two to three star hotel. What keeps it from being truly a three star experience is the minor state of disrepair I found at this hotel. Examples I encountered were a light and light fixture missing on the second floor hall, rugs in need of replacement, a 19 TV circa 1979 in my room that was missng controls (and no remote!!! uggh!!!), a cover missing on the air conditioning control exposing its inner workings. These were all minor issues and nothing that spoiled my stay. Positives of this hotel: Our room was cleaned meticulously, the hall rugs (though worn and in need of replacement) were vacuumed daily and were clean, the location off Bourbon Street was amazingly quiet in the evening (our room faced the Courtyard. If you want a good nights sleep request the courtyard view!), The location is terrific, in the heart of the French Quarter.A few specific comments: re Ft. Worth user dated September 14th, our room was relatively large and clean. The bathroom was clean, and my wife and I could both fit ( I go about 225), and there is a bar and restaurant (open only for breakfast) off the lobby. The bar hours are noon to ? and offers Rude attitude from some employees is always inexcusable, but I saw it more as a general New Orleans attitude permeating some of the working class and not specific to this hotel. $2.50 phone access charge was a surprise that added $10.00 to my $800.00 room charge.Finally, the evening concierge was a fellow named Kenny who gets my award for the man of the hour. Sometimes a single employee can make a stay worthwhile, and Kenny was that man. His winning attitude and cheerful No worrys helped make this hotel a place I would visit again. Unfortunately, the same could not be said for the day concierge, Victor Smith, who was too full of the aforementioned New Orleans attitude. This could explain some of the negative comments towards the staff. Can you guess who got the tip?  
<Date>Oct 14, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>KKAK
<Content>Do NOT stay here! Avoid at all costs! My husband and I go to New Orleans every spring. We usually stay in a condo, but this time we had friends joining us. We have stayed in a few different hotels in the Quarter, so we generally know what we are getting for our money. But, I honestly have to say this is the WORST hotel I've ever been in.We paid $170 a night and got about a Motel 6 experience. The lobby is old, dark and filthy. The desk clerks rude and not even remotely hospitable. Our room was about the size of a walk-in closet and dirty beyond belief. The bathroom was just bizzare. Only 1 person could fit in the room, the shower head was so low my 5'11 husband had to bend down. Not to mention the mold on the walls. There is no room service and even a bar or restaurant in the hotel to get a drink.EVERY morning we were awaken by an incredibly loud and ungracious maid staff. We complained to the front desk and the situation was never resolved. I will never again stay there and I always steer people away from that pathetic dump of a hotel.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Smartypunk
<Content>A Fine Stay A friend and I got a great deal on a room through Expedia.com and were happy to stay at this hotel centrally located in the French Quarter. We stayed mid-week so the noise from Bourbon Street ((half a block away) was not a problem, but I would imagine street-facing rooms may be quite noisy during festival weeks. The line at check-in was long, but staff were helpful and friendly. The daytime concierge was a very pleasant young man, who gave us great recommendations for restaurants nearby and advice about local tours. The courtyard and small swimming pool were clean and delightful - an oasis away from the bustling streets. Room was clean, price was right, service was friendly.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>royhasek
<Content>Don't fear   showReview(1224002, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasant Stay   showReview(1223989, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 12, 2003
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Double Charged   showReview(1148442, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>PLEASE DON'T STAY HERE   showReview(1148388, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 25, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dancindaquiri
<Content>At least the bellmen were friendly . . .   showReview(1143595, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>HORIBLE STAY   showReview(1126904, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 2, 2003
<Rating>1	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>CELAINE
<Content>Positive points prevail   showReview(985694, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 30, 2003
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nasty, Nasty, Nasty!   showReview(756218, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 19, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Spend a few more dollars   showReview(717399, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>stay away   showReview(552851, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 26, 2002
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bien plac茅 prix raisonnable et prestations moyennes   showReview(16605256, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage, katastrophaler Service   showReview(13201261, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 11, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>decu   showReview(11314693, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Un tr猫s bon h么tel 脿 New Orleans   showReview(11662857, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>TR猫s bien   showReview(11446576, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>30Alex
<Content>sehr gute Llage   showReview(7569433, 'full');   
<Date>May 9, 2007
<Rating>3	3	4	5	3	2	3	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11399107, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

