<Author>MaitreOttawa
<Content>Satisfied From Canada. Stayed 4 nights.We were able to get a good room for a cheap price. We found the staff very nice and helpful. The rooms are fairly clean but could be better (just don' t look under the bed ! ).  
<Date>Jan 4, 2009
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>HAWAIISURFER4U
<Content>ALOHA SPIRIT AT ST. VINCENT'S 11 Dec '08HONOLULUSPENT 4 days. From moment I arrive in lobby VIBE was of a Hawai'i hostel full of genuine ALOHA! Friendly informative staff, fellow travelers chatting, the aroma of freshly brewed coffee in their own Cafe 40 ft. away, etc. Not sure who wrote last few reviews but they must have had too much bourdon on Bourdon street! St. Vincent was clean, the staff top notch  I felt safe, all in a building from GONE WITH THE WIND times. Plenty of clean towels, complimentary travel brochures, free local phone, etc. I heard the owner was a DESCENDENT of a CONFEREDATE GENERAL or something from Mississippi? If your interested in FEELING the Deep South's true flavour from moment U step off plane, this old guest house IS IT  at a reason price.Only CAUTIONARY NOTE herewith is all travelers from the Hawaiian Islands eastward (SE Asia, Australia, etc) note Orleans is FREEZING in winter. I had only shorts to wear  luckily 1 pair of jeans for Sunday mass. I always thought the South was warm to hot but not in winter time. Otherwise, I would come again to St. Vincent's  stay longer next time..... (in the spring/summer/fall months).  
<Date>Dec 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>missourimilt
<Content>Never Again As a guest house, this place was a complete disaster. As a showcase of cockroach breeding, useless management, and utter filth, however, it's a resounding success.Th hallways don't look like they've been cleaned in months; old cigarette butts, dead insects and stray trash litter the halls.Internet? Sometimes. Telephones? No. Food? No, although there appears to be a kitchen and dining room. Stoppers for sinks and tubs? No. Towels? Yeah, but boil them first. Clean bed spread? No way.But there are plenty of shady characters on the property. There are also broken fixtures. And lots of foul language in the lobby. And worn out carpets. And rotting wood. And musty odors. And...the list goes on and on. Did I mention the cockroaches?The manager is not interested in hearing your complaints, so don't bother. He blamed everything on the owner who (conveniently) wasn't around that morning.What a nightmare. Never again.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	-1	1	

<Author>Pounder00
<Content>Unwelcome Bed Guests When we got to St Vincents it promised so much, the building is fantastic and is just what you expect a New Orleans boarding house to look like. The front desk staff werent overly helpful but had been an improvement and the friendlyness of the greyhound staff getting here!! We had booked a private room and this looked Ok, had a double bed on suite and also a TV. The Hotel itself was in a great location and felt safe, it was a 5 min wal to the trolley service and this took only 10 mins to get into the centre of New Orleans and right next to the French Quarter. However, it was at night the problems arose!! We got bitten each night by bed bugs, well I hope that was all it was. And on the second night we discovered massive cockroaches!! so another night was spent with the lights on! Overall as we didnt spend that long in the hotel it wasnt a massive problem but at night it wasnt the best nights sleep ive ever had and when checking out early in the morning it was obvious that there was a big cockroach problem!  
<Date>Jul 10, 2008
<Rating>2	4	2	4	1	3	2	1	

<Author>Pamanne
<Content>Termite City, Bed Bugs and Rude Ownership Just returned from NO, La and the St Vincent Monster house. It was totally awful unless you like bed bugs, those big cock roaches and TERMITES. We contacted management. When we arrived we paid for the rooms and went up to check out the room. One of the maids showed us to our room and she brushed all the termites off of the pillow and saw that we saw her do that and she said the room would not do. So she gave us another room and the sheets have not been changed since hurricane katrina. BED BUGS I guess. There were bugs in the bed and the manager said they didn't bother him any that he had them in his bed. In fact I think the hurricane blew away the broom and vacumm. If and when you stay there please be looking out for the Lousiana building inspector as he is on his way. And finally they would not refund us any of our MONEY back. Please think before you stay. You really do get what you pay for .  
<Date>Jul 6, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	1	1	

<Author>with2kidsAtlantaGA
<Content>We love this this place We love the character and comfortability of St. Vincents. We are a family of 4 from Atlanta, GA and wanted a hotel with history and modern conveniences, which is what we found here. The building's an old olphanage with a great layout that allows room for a pool, laundry room, and t.v. lounge. Our personal room had 2 beds, cable television, and a great view of the skyline. Everything we wanted to see was with in walking distance and that means a lot with 2 small children. The staff was exceptional and willing to help with anything we needed. We would recommend this for anyone wanting a real New Orleans stay.  
<Date>Jun 20, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>GiannaLynn
<Content>Don't believe the pictures or amenities listed for this place!!! We booked our stay at the St Vincent Guesthouse by looking at the pics online, reading the amenities (which REALLY need updating), and by the previous experience of the parent of my son's roommate. The pool looks as if it has never been maintained (or is painted green?). The bathroom was fairly clean, compared to the rest of the place. It does not have an elevator that is operational, and the stairs are not easily climbed. The sheets were holey and stained---really in bad shape. The refrigerator and microwave promised during our phone conversation during the booking weren't in the room when we arrived. There was an overhead fan/light combination located over the bed---which would have been really nice if it had worked. Only one of the lights in it did work (one out of four). There were many amenities listed for this guesthouse that were either no longer available or never were. Thank goodness we were able to find another place, or this one could have ruined our New Orleans experience. We left halfway through our paid reservation--after killing numerous spiders and roaches, our gloss-out level had been surpassed.  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	2	2	-1	-1	

<Author>NolaUpTownGirl
<Content>Nightmare On Magazine St It felt like a horor movie set. What once was a beautiful place is creepy, everything is very dated VERY, and dirty.  
<Date>May 28, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Mikey_Vienna
<Content>You get what you pay for       Front view  
<Date>May 27, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>jon1947
<Content>gtreat rooms great rooms and very clean nice pool and courtyard breakfast was coffee under a starcase the manger was screaming and cussing at the help. the employees mr taylor was always cussing at the empoyee i feel sorry for all the employees. and the front desk was so cloudy of cigar smoke the lobby had ashes all over yet the office door has a no smoking sign . i will not stay their again because the way the employees are treated. but the rooms are clean.  
<Date>May 3, 2008
<Rating>2	2	4	3	3	4	4	2	

<Author>NolaStar
<Content>For all you out of towners, this is a fine neighborhood For all you out of towners, this is a fine neighborhood.So many people have written it is a shady neighborhood, but Magazine Street is just fine... don't wander into places you don't know at night and you'll be ok. Walk up Washington to St. Charles in the evenings and you will be on the busier street. Overall, it is the Garden District and a very safe area. Ask the staff the safest walking route to your destination and they will tell you what streets to take or avoid. As in ANY city, you just need to use common sense and a bit of street smarts. *Don't look in your wallet while walking (anywhere in any city), *Pay attention to who is walking around you (anywhere in any city), and *Don't give money to peddlers (anywhere in any city). It's one thing to donate to a street artist, but panhandling should not be encouraged (anywhere in any city).Lighten up and enjoy the experience, take time to smell the air (the Garden District is so fragrant most of the year), and smile... someone might just smile back at you.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>billyet1
<Content>The Real New Orleans We were back in New Orleans again this month, and again we stayed at St. Vincent's Guest house on Magazine Street. This place reminds me of the way New Orleans used to be before all the glitz and plastic came to town: wicker furniture, big comfortable rooms, not at all fancy or pretentious. The staff is helpful and they go out of their way to make you feel at home--for instance, last night we realized we had forgotten the charger for our cell and the desk clerk found a replacement for us and went out of his way to be helpful. The man who changes light bulbs seems to be part owner of the place, he tried to make sure we had everything we needed, tells us where to go for lunch, etc. There is no cafe on the premises now, but a very good and friendly coffee house is just across the street and restaurants within a couple of blocks, the location is very convenient, but best of all, you feel like you are back in the New Orleans.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Profnola
<Content>Great place with great character and a great staff       Mr Taylor made us a cake  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	3	4	5	3	

<Author>patrycja1
<Content>Cockroaches, dirty carpeting, would not consider our 10% deposit HUGE COCKROACHES - this should say it all. We decided to try St Vincent because of its price and the fact that its location is very convenient - 20 minute walk (not 10 minutes) to the French Quarter and 15 minute to the Garden district. The area is a bit shady but not too bad. The house itself has character but the room we stayed in was NASTY. It had green carpeting that was dirty and really old and as you walked on it the floor would cave in. The most disgusting part was COCKROACHES - they were the size of an adult's THUMB and we killed at least 5 of them - we stayed there for 3 nights (tried to spend as little time in the room as possible). Imagine trying to take a shower in the morning and ready to step into it and seeing a huge cockroach at the bottom of the shower tub. We shook all of our belongings before we left - you do not want to bring any of that back home. The windows were dirty with lots of dead insects (not cockroaches but others) in the window. We stayed on the second floor and our room overlooked a huge GARBAGE pile that looked like it had not been picked up for several months - it did not smell but the view down was not pleasant. Another detail - we booked this through Hostelbookers who charged us 10% deposit for the room to be applied towards the room charge ($15 since we stayed for 3 nights at $50/ night) St. Vincent refused to consider our deposit and charged us the full price ($150 + tax etc) instead of $135 + tax etc. We plan to dispute the transaction.The few positives I can give: The room was large with tall ceilings. But all we wanted was a CLEAN room with a clean bathroom and this was definitely not it. We stayed at hostels before and are students and this was the nastiest hostel we have ever been too. Definitely not returning here.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	2	2	2	

<Author>lovergurl
<Content>Nasty old haunted house!!! Don't ever stay in that crack house!!! Its so nasty and drunks walk the streets. You aren't safe at night! Me and my parents were going to stay there during the Bayou Classic in 06. But its so ugly and old. Don't believe the internet pictures! Its looks like a really old haunted house. The pool is nasty not very clean. The rooms we saw were disgusting! The pillows had stains! The lobby smelled like smoke. Some drunks also greeted us. Its in a bad neighborhood.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bonitamiel
<Content>Horrible! My friend waited until the last minute to book a room for us and that's how we ended up in this horrible place. First, I was worried with the appearance of the building (dirty front, broken flower pots etc.). I'll skip the lobby being dirty... and dirty hallways...and the live in residents. The room was horrible, as soon as we walked in we saw roaches running around the room (that was my main problem). I don't know for the price of the room I was expecting modest accommodations but clean. The bedding looked dirty (I didn't use the sheets), and there was no phone in the room. I would had preferred to camp out in their parking lot.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	5	1	1	1	1	

<Author>CollegeGrpfromVA
<Content>Very Helpful, Totally Gracious , Loved the Stay Frantic, with no other place to go, our group of 22 volunteers was instantly accomidated by St. Vincent's and we solidified reservations on the same day. The small kitchen provided a large enough space for all the students to comfortably eat - with privacy because the kitchen was bolted by lock and key :-).the rooms were more than we expected, particularly since we were a mere volunteer group and we were pleased with our accomidations. thank god for St. Vincents, it was just what we needed.ps = we plan to return to take a dip in the pool!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Lelhy
<Content>Some rooms GREAT others BAD       room 67 (good room)  
<Date>Mar 8, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	2	4	5	3	

<Author>MMMaryland
<Content>Old Orphanege Intereting place to stay       Twin Bed  
<Date>Mar 7, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	2	4	3	-1	

<Author>glamcat08
<Content>We love St Vincent's! I'm sure there are many travelers who want and expect perfection in their hotel accommodations. I say to those folks, Don't stay at St Vincent's! What you will find at St Vincent's is an old, historical building staffed by friendly, caring staff. The rooms that we have experienced are somewhat outdated, but clean and comfortable. We've stayed at St Vincent's several times and the staff have been most helpful and very friendly. The last time we were there we had to ask for more towels (no problem) and the plumbing in our friends' room backed up. One call to the front desk took care of the problem. Guess what, it's an old building. If you're looking for a luxurious atmosphere, look elsewhere. If you like the city and the historical buildings in it, stay at St Vincent's. It's clean and inexpensive. It's not for everyone, but we love it.  
<Date>Mar 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	4	3	5	4	3	

<Author>KosmoWashingtonDC
<Content>Great Time When I went to this hotel I was alarmed about the reviews on line. When I got there, I was very pleasantly surprised. THis is not a major hotel with cable room service etc. I did not expect this. I did get a friendly staff, a clean room, a fine mattress, and a terrific location for the price. THe building is old but lovely. I would definitely stay there again, and can recommend it for anyone going to New Orleans to see the city not watch cable in the room. There is a great coffee shop across the street and a great breakfast joint right up the street as a bonus. And no this is not a bad neighborhood either.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MelCcTx
<Content>St Vincent's is a great old historic building. I have been staying at St. Vincents for several years. I have stayed in some great rooms and some not so great rooms. Bottom line is that it is a great old place that really has a lot of character and alot of people expect a resort when they stay there. The owner Peter has done a lot of post Katrina work and the place is getting there. I love the employees and they will do anything for you if you are kind and patient. Just like any small buisness they take pride and do there best but some people are very demanding and I have witnessed first hand the snobs yelling at the girl at the front desk because the room they are in is not perfect. Please remember that you are staying in a historical building that is very old. Just like an old house it takes a lot of work to maintain it and these locals have alot to deal with post Katrina on top of catering to your every need and they should be treated with respect. You get alot further with kindness than rudeness. Also alot has been done to secure St Vincents at night and I have never been worried when I stay there. The only thing you have to worry about are the children playing tricks on you. Don't worry they are harmless they just like to play with you some times. It has only happened to me once in all they years I have stayed there so do not look for them it will happen when you least expect it. I will be there again this Mardi- Gras and look forward to an awsome week. Thank you Peter for always taking care of us. Mel  
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	5	2	5	3	5	

<Author>flgal102
<Content>Cancellation policy is outrageous!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I made reservations with the place by calling them directly using the number from the internet page several months prior to an accident that put me on a walker. I started calling Dec. 29, 2007 to try to cancel reservation. I have stayed there a couple of times prior to 2007. The phone number I used from the internet was wrong. Not once did it enter my mind they would have changed there phone number after having the same on for at least the 4 yrs that I have been going there. I even had operator to try for me with no luck. I sent step daughter to see why there was a problem. I finally reached someone and was told that that I had to cancel 30 days in advance. This is after I tried to reach them from internet number. I checked today and the number still is the incorrect one. I had no idea there was a 30 day cancellation notice. I am sure the room will be rented as that is Mardi Gras week and I could not attend Mardi Gras on a walker. I would be run over by the wonderful crowd attending the celebration. I being charged for one night. This 30 day notice is ridiculous. Our previous stays were not disappointing, but to charge a past customer a cancellation fee 15 days prior to the scheduled stay is just poor business and they are gouging there customers. Do not ask if I would retrun or would I recommend others to stay. What do you think?  
<Date>Jan 15, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NickBrown22
<Content>St. Vincent's - Wouldn't Stay Anywhere Else We went to New Orleans for New Year's Eve and for The Sugar Bowl this year. We booked our room online because we were looking for somewhere close to the dome and french quarter and something that was cheap. We landed on St. Vincent's and I could not have been happier. We were in close proximity to Bourbon St. and The Super Dome. The hotel was very clean and the staff was extremely nice and helpful. They were always so pleasant and courteous to us when we were leaving and coming in at night. They rooms were clean and nice. Ours did not have a T.V., but we did not care since we were not in the room. I would recommend this hotel to anyone who asks. It is a beautiful place that really makes you feel like you are in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Roverbabe
<Content>Do Not Stay At This Hotel, Do Not Give The Owner Your Money       Bunk house bathroom - notice anything funny about the proximity of the toilets?  
<Date>Jan 2, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	3	1	1	2	-1	

<Author>DJPNM
<Content>Great place to stay We had an excellent time here! It is a very safe, secure setting. We get together here every New Years. Excellent Christmas decorations there! It is a great place to bring the family. Beautiful balconies and you have the best view of the fireworks display from here. Beautiful courtyard and pool area. Very historic and beautiful area. We highly recommend staying here! Bargain rates too.  
<Date>Jan 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jrisjr
<Content>Saint Vincent was OK We are from Toronto Canada on our first trip to New orleans. We like to walk so looked for a location where we could walk to the French Quarter and the Garden district.The St vincent is on the edge of the Warehouse district on magazine so we can walk in both directions safely.The St Vincent is an excellent value. Our room had a king and queen size bed - the heat, A/C, facilities all worked well, everything was clean and in good condition. Most hotels are $100 to 200 over Christmas and New Years we got our rooms at the St Vincent at less than $80 with free parking.The area was quiet with an excellent coffee shop across the road and a real neighborhood pub up on St charles street. The pub remembered our drink favourites from two days earlier.If you travel to New Orleans and want to be adopted into an extended family - go to st vincent.  
<Date>Dec 28, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	3	4	3	

<Author>tootsi-roll
<Content>Super! We were a party of 4, and we booked 2 separate bedrooms. Everything was so great! Both rooms were clean, bathrooms really nice. Our friends' room was freshly painted! Can't complain about AC or heating, everything worked. People who worked there were nice and helpfull. This place has a pretty big gated parking area, so you do not have to leave your car on the street. There is a coffee shop right across from the guest house. We had some fresh bagels with cream cheese and quality coffee in the mornings. Great place, I liked speaking with locals, made me feel like home!We will probably stay here again! Can't go wrong for the price and location!  
<Date>Nov 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>Blkmaryjanes
<Content>LOVE St. Vincent's I love St. Vincent's and stay there whenever I'm in New Orleans. The staff, like the hotel, is just as warm, welcoming and charming as the wonderful city of New Orleans itself. You can't beat it for the value!Hannah - Austin, TX  
<Date>Nov 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>chocolate9520
<Content>Hell On Earth!! This was the worst hotel i've ever stayed in. It taught me a valued lesson...NEVER GO CHEAP WHERE U R GONNA SLEEP!!My best friend  i decided 2 have a girls only weekend n New Orleans for the Essence Festival  @ the last minute booked this hotel out of desparation  the pics on the web didn't seem so bad. BOY WERE WE WRONG!! We drove past the bldg 3 times thinking it was condemned (it should've been). There were people n the lobby complaining about the rooms  their reservations. We had the same complaints but because of the events...this dump was the only choice. The elevator was not working  of course our room was on the 2nd floor down a dark hallway with a blown hall light! We asked 4 dbl beds but instead had 2 rms. down the hall from eachother with no tv  no air! We were 2 afraid 2 b n seperate rms so we stayed 2gether n a single rm. w/ 1 bed! O did i mention down the street the cops had a house sourrounded because some guy had shot a cop  was holding his girlfriend hostage! If u want 2 go on a survival mission then St. Vincent's is 4 u. But it is NOT recommended for women staying alone (or with anyone for that matter)!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	3	2	-1	

<Author>lsugoldengirl
<Content>1971 St. Vincent's saved my life 37 years ago..At that time it was a place for unwed mothers, that were giving there baby up for adoption through Catholic Charities. Many were 12 through 18 years old and not from New Orleans, but from all over the United States.. You see back in those days it was a terrible situation to be pregnant and not married. I was 21, a mother figure to most of the 65 girls. I was one of the lucky ones, I kept my child and is 36 yrs. old this month. I stayed for 6 months and it was the best time of my life...I wish I could have afforded to purchase this lovely home, because it was salvation for so many young girls and there families.  
<Date>Oct 17, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>BeatPoet
<Content>An Authentic New Orleans Experience We stayed at St. Vincent's last weekend because we needed a cheap place to stay, and a friend from The Art Institute used to live in New Orleans and he said it was in a cool neighborhood. And it was! We made friends with some of the local musicians and artists at the coffee shop across the street (everyone brings their dogs when they go get coffee in New Orleans), and we stayed out late catching bands in the Quarter all weekend.The hotel was a beautiful old-style building, but the rooms were kinda small and the blankets were a little scratchy. Not bad, but not great. Everyone at the front desk was really nice though, they gave us extra towels when we went swimming (the maintenance guy looked kinda creepy but he turned out to be really nice). The pool was awesome, we hung out in it almost every night. The AC was too high when we got in, but it wasn't hard to set lower.Some of us are coming back for Mardi Gras, and we're going to stay here again. It's not a luxury place but we had fun, and I got lots of material for my memoirs ;)  
<Date>Sep 27, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>RED_in_BR
<Content>Don't risk your stay in this mismanaged roach motel!!!! Well you know this is a crappy place when there is more than one person disputing charges to a credit card made in error. I made reservations but after seeing the place in person, i knew I never wanted to step on the vomit-smelling carpet or sleep in the caved in beds with dirty sheets. After not receiving a reservation #, they also couldn't find record of my cancellation -- even though they forged my name on the cancellation form (even got the spelling wrong) - this place needs to be inspected by the Better Business Bureau for its mismanagement!!!!Don't risk the stay in this roach infested joint since the cheap charges will come back to haunt you!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Far2GoB4Isleep
<Content>New Orleans Kindness to the Rescue Our church group of youth and young adults was warmly welcomed at St. Vincents and were treated to kindly New Orleans hospitality during their stay. When my daughter left behind her lucky travel pillow that she's had since her first crib, the staff checked the room and found it for me while I waited on the phone. They kept it safe until we could arrange a FedEx pickup. Everyone has great memories of New Orleans and St. Vincents was an authentic New Orleans experience...perfect for budget travelers who aren't looking for hotel chain pretensions. Thanks St. Vincents! You are the real deal in my book.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	3	3	4	4	-1	

<Author>marge2007
<Content>disgusting Upon arriving and finding our room, we opened the door to find a bug infested dilapidated mess. At least two dozen roaches (what the locals call palmetto bugs) ran when we entered the room. The bed was elevated on a couple of bricks that were about ready to topple. Floors were filthy, walls were dirty. The place reeked. Obviously inebriated people roamed the halls in the evenings. I would certainly never recommend this place to anyone. It was a nightmarish experience.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	1	2	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>PhxFemme21
<Content>Had to dial 911 - Please read Room: The room was VERY hot because it only had one window cooler that didn't help much. The mattresses were really hard and crunchy. Some of the lamps didn't have lamp shades. The ceiling fan sounded like it was going to creek off of the ceiling. The fire alarm did not work in our room. One window did not have blinds and it looked out onto the balcony so anyone on the shared balcony could see us sleeping. The TV remote didn't have any batteries. The door did not close well so you could see the light coming through the wide cracks. No A/C in the entire bulding. Bathrooms: The bathrooms were fine.Parking: Good sized parking lot. Front desk: a young woman was VERY nice to us. TERRIFYING NIGHT: I woke up several times because it was so hot. At about 3am I woke up the the fire alarms in the hallway blaring. My friend and I had to get dressed and run down the stairs and outside and call 911. There wasn't anyone at the front desk and no one could locate staff. The guests went through the open rooms to try to find out why the alarms were going off. A half-dressed man finally ran out and turned off the alarm and everyone was told it was okay to go back in but no one had figured out WHY the alarms went off they just dismantled? the system and got upset when we said we called 911. The building had not been completely checked and is so big. SCARY!! The Fire Dept responded about 10 minutes later and gave the all clear...  
<Date>May 4, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	2	2	4	2	-1	

<Author>Emmalabama
<Content>Unfriendly and creepy!       Main staircase  
<Date>Mar 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	3	2	2	1	2	1	

<Author>jmorr34
<Content>Reservation Screw Up!! I am a college student that read all of the reviews and was not looking for anything top notch at all. Just a place for 12 of us to stay for 2 nights while we party it up in the city. I had no high expectations at all and we were prepared by bringing extra sheets and pillows. We made reservations for 3 rooms with 2 double beds in the beginning of January. We called several times to confirm including more than once during the few days before our stay. When we arrived, they had us down for 1 room with 1 king size bed?!?! Wtf is that? They said the internet overbooked and they had priority since they paid in full. They even had rooms where people had not checked in yet that we could not check into. I guess a 3rd party site takes priority over placing a reservation with the front f**kin desk. They offered us the 1 room for free and the rest of us could sleep on the couches in the lobby. Did I mention the bums that were already sleeping on the couches in the lobby. They made one guy leave and then a few more came. Well most of the 12 actually stayed in that one room while a few others miraculously found another hotel WITHOUT THE HELP OR ANY TYPE OF ASSISTANCE from the front desk. The next day, the manager said that we would be charged for the 1 room. WELL, we WOULD NOT have stayed in it, but the night before they said it WOULD be compted. More Lying, and I am in dispute with my credit card company on that charge as we speak. The deskclerk was a crackhead we thought as well.The place really was scary, which I did not mind, but some of the girls did. Many of the lights in the hallways were burnt out leaving it very unsafe. The desk clerk would also leave during the middle of the night leaving no one at all for people to check in with.Overall, we probably would have been fine if they had gotten all of the rooms right. We would have put up with the place because thats what we expected from the reviews, but messing up the reservation just put it all over the line.I recommend making a reservation here over the internet because since you paid in full, you will get your room. Be prepared for crappy service, but if your coming into New Orleans for a fun night or two and dont plan on staying in your room which we planned on doing, you should be fine as long as they dont screw anything up. I also do not recommend this place for women traveling alone or with only a few. It does not seem like the safest place.Oh, and dont attempt to talk to the manager because he is a weak soul. He would not show his face to us even though he was in the office. Abosuletly a worthless being. Well that's my review. No high expectations at all, but we got royally screwed.  
<Date>Feb 26, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>nola_girl76
<Content>Mardi Gras Mayhem: the good, the bad and the ugly       example of the wicker furniture  
<Date>Feb 23, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>photoarteigh
<Content>Can't Wait To Come Back!!!       front view  
<Date>Feb 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	3	5	5	3	

<Author>mofthepeace
<Content>Us folks from Wisconsin LOVED it!!! When visiting New Orleans we didn't know where to stay. A friend of ours set us up with St. Vincents and we can't express enough how pleased we were.Although not a resort type of lodging, it's architeture and history will give you an appreciation of the area and ambience.St. Vincents is located on Magazine street filled with blocks of hip and down to earth locals, great restaurants, bars, coffee shops, boutiques and excellent record stores filled with authentic jazz, blues and more.St. Vincents definitely displayed that great southern hospitality. The people who worked there were helpful, curtious and kind.If you are looking to get away and experience a low key, affortdable, and comfortable stay, I would recommend St. Vincents. They treated us excellent and we plan on staying there every time we visit.Thank you to those at St. Vincents!Myra  Nick from Wisconsin  
<Date>Jan 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>photogirl81
<Content>Great place!       2004, 2nd floor outside rooms  
<Date>Nov 13, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	4	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Morter
<Content>Disgusting Scam!!... I really didn't stay there I was afraid for my life.... no central A/C, bathrooms were disgusting, the rooms were the worst. Filthy I was scared to touch anything... I waled in and out... and they claim I stayed in there over an hour!!... so they charged me full price anyway. Outrageous!!.... And the area... well close to magazine street yes. But in the worst part!!!... no lights... dark, scketchy people on the streets... Not good not good at all. I've been in bad places in my life. This is the worst BY FAR!!!..  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>speirce
<Content>Hostel, not guest house. It's up to you! Okay... St. Vincent's is for people with low expectations and very little need other than a place to sleep - which, if you live it up in New Orleans, is all you'll need. Convenient to Magazine St. shops, but about a 14 block hike to the FQ. The rooms? Um. Lumpy bed, water takes forever to heat (hey, it is an OLD building and it's a BIG building), staff very disorganized, kitchen wasn't open at all, phones didn't work during my stay, and the TV had no cable, got maybe 2 channels. There are NO elevators, and if like me, your room is on the 3rd floor, you'll wind up wishing you hadn't had that second order of beneigts. Like someone else wrote, this is more of a hostel than a hotel, or even a guest house. If you can put up with things like are mentioned in these reviews, then it's a damn good place to stay because everything else, particularly post-Katrina is way, way more expensive. If you can, I would recommend bringing extra blankets too if you're not here in the summer. The rooms, being old and big, are drafty. One thing I can say though is if you're traveling and want to get a feel for real New Orleans, this is the sort of place you should stay instead of some FQ hotel chain that's glitzy and glamourous. The old brick architecture here is the real deal, along with the history of the building.  
<Date>Oct 1, 2006
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>madamejosephine
<Content>If you are seasoned backpacker then this is awesome! I understand that if you are not used to the backpacker lifestyle then you might have a hard time with places like hostels, so the answer is easy , don't stay in them. Personally i found St Vincents fantastic - great staff, good functional rooms and a great location. I have backpacked alot of the world and spent many a night in hostels/backpackers etc. St Vincents is by far one of the best that i have ever encounted.If you plan to spend your time in New Orleans in your hotel room then firstly, what a damn waste but secondly why don't you pay for the up market hotels or else you will probably just be complaining the whole time about the hostel like some many other reviewers on this page.  
<Date>Sep 20, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	5	3	4	4	3	

<Author>liffycat
<Content>EGAD!!! Be afraid....be very afraid We booked this hotel after looking at the website and pictures, which depict quaint rooms and dining facilities. We walked in and were inundated with a disgusting smell, filthy bathroom, critters running aroud and threadbare towels. Our room left us wheezing but we were told that there was no odor. They also told us that we were early and to come back for our room and that it would be clean - when we returned they had given the room to someone else and refused to refund our money (we did dispute with our credit card company) - The rooms were nasty, the staff surly - the only good feature was free parking - and since we didn't stay - who knows how safe that was. This was worse than anything I had ever stayed in - and I've stayed at some dives in my days. So run from this - don't let their price fool you because in the long run, you'll be paying much more for your stay in NO.  
<Date>Sep 15, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	2	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>Meriloo
<Content>pros and cons of the st. vincent guesthouse I, too, read the reviews of the St. Vincent's guesthouse too late (after I had pre-paid through Travelocity), but I am back home in one piece after staying there for one whole week. I'm going to talk about the pros and cons of this facility and give as measured a review as I can. Pros:- As a grad student attending a large conference, the accommodations were within my budget.- Front desk staff were not overly friendly, but friendly enough and warmed up when I was pleasant to them. Other staff were quite friendly and humorous. When the phone lines were down (see Cons, below), a desk person offered the use of her cell phone to make a call. There is sort of a no-apologies kind of mentality among staff -- (i.e. an implied this is simply how the guest house is.- Within 25 minutes walking distance to downtown NO - a nice walk during the day- Interesting building with an unusual history- Relatively effective air conditioning unit in my room- My bathroom was pretty spotless, given the rest of the facility. Also, the room was superficially clean (and by that I mean the paint was kind of marked up, there were few stains on the carpet, etc.) with new carpets. The bathroom contained 2 bars of soap, 2 plastic-wrapped cups, and clean towels (although there were small stains on some of them that had not come out in the wash)- the bed was clean (I checked for bugs and evidence of bugs as soon as I arrived) with clean linens and was one of the most comfortable beds I have ever slept in (the double in Room 17)- there is a great little coffee shop across the road called the Mojo. Friendly staff, good coffee/tea and relatively fresh baked goods. And best of all free wireless internet access. I do not know what I would have done without this little haven.Cons:- As a female travelling alone, I was told by the staff not to walk around at night at all in the area. Post-Katrina, the area is quite deserted with pay telephones ripped out and lots of houses that have not yet been renovated after the storm. The adjacent Warehouse District has never been a good place to walk around alone in. I spent a lot on cabs.- The phone lines were completely out for a couple of days towards the end of my stay. There was never a telephone line out of my room, although I could ring down to the front desk. Make sure you have a cell phone with you.- Roaches are a fact of life in this facility - I don't mind the little ones (I had about 5 babies and 2 small ones in my bathroom at night whom I tolerated). A huge one came in on my second to last night and being a live and let live kind of gal, I fashioned a trap with one of my plastic bathroom cups and a pen and transferred him outside. Also, there was one big, dead roach behind my television set which I left there.- There was only one set of keys to my room and I was given them. This meant that no one could access my room to clean/straighten bed/give fresh towels. (this was also a plus, in my mind, as it was completely private). The cleaning staff were friendly and inquired if I needed more towels, which they hung on my door in a plastic bag. There was evidence that they were cleaning the other rooms (vaccuums, a card with towels, cleaning supplies, etc)- There are people hanging out at the front desk and bottom floor whose position at the guest house is unclear (were they staff? were they friends of the staff? were they people hired to do renovations? were they families staying there post-Katrina?) No one was rude or made me feel unsafe, but it was just a little creepy at times. I found that my humour and friendliness was an advantage in these situations.- While my room had new carpet and was fairly clean, the hallways were often dirty and the new carpet is not totally throughout the building. Someone chucked a pizza crust outside my door one day and it must have been sitting there for hours before I kicked it into the middle of the hallway so that roaches wouldn't be attracted to it and come nearer to my room. It had been picked up by the morning. I am not sure what effect the hurricanes had on this building, but it is anything like other buildings in NO, there is probably water damage, etc. which would explain some of the mildewy smell.- although it said no smoking please in my room, the guests before me had clearly been smoking and the room smelled gross until I aired it out for a few days. It was impossible to open the window, so by aired it out I mean leaving my room door open to circulate the air with the overhead fan on- the shower took awhile to get used to - to find the balance between scalding and cold.- one day after a big rainfall, the water came out of my bathroom taps quite brown for a few minutes until they ran clear again.I think that just about covers it. Overall, St. Vincent's is a very budget place to stay that would not be suitable for people who would be sensitive to not having all the usual, basic amenities and could not put up with what I have described above. I won't stay there again, but I am glad I stayed there this time because it was a bit of an adventure. Keep in mind that the clientele of the hotel range from kind of normal people and students to a bit seedy and that the guesthouse itself is located in a pretty run down area.I may post photos in a few days.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	1	2	2	2	1	

<Author>Cajunchic
<Content>Run for your life! Unfortunately I found this site too late. Lesson learned for today never book a hotel and trust the pictures they show. We booked at St. Vincent's since it looked rather nice from the pictures. It was on Magazine street which has some really nice hotels at the beginning of the street (it is a rather long street) so we just assumed it was around there. However we found it in the worst section of town with a woman who looked like she had spent her life on drugs sitting across the street. We were actually scared to leave our vehicle outside. The building looked nothing like the pictures and almost looked like something out of a horror movie. They had already charged my mom's card though so we figured we would tough it out. My husband went in only to get a very ugly attitude from the clerk and to be told she did not have our reservations. She then said the only way she would give us our room was if we gave her our card to hold until we left. UM NO! We left and called Travelocity to ask for a refund. They refused to give it to us saying we had to cancel 24 hours in advance but that they called the place and they were willing to give us our rooms now. We went back and since my husband was so upset I went in to sign the papers and get the room. As I was signing papers and finding out that most of the stuff Travelocity claimed they had they did not, a man walked in reeking of alcohol and told me, I am so drunk I am sober. Great! He was soon followed by a series of other questionable people who looked almost like they could be homeless and reeked of marijuana and alcohol who leered at me as they were walking by making me very uncomfortable. Then the lady tells me that while my infant daughter, myself, and my husband's room is on the 2nd floor of the first building my mom, my son, and my older daughter will be staying in the third floor of the second building. She then hands me keys for a series of dead bolts on the doors and a few threadbare towels! Right about then my mom comes in because my son had to go to the bathroom. We go around the corner and find a family of about 8 or 10 people in one room. They man and woman were very obviously smoking weed and were screaming at each other. The floors looked like they had not been vacummed in weeks and the front and side doors were left open where any one could just wonder in. We decided to go get something to eat after that and ran out of there as fast as we could. Both my husband and I had a really bad feeling about the place so we told my mom that we would pay for a room in Harvey if she would agree to stay there. She readily agreed and we enjoyed a nice relaxed dinner now that we did not have to worry about waking up to someone holding a knife over us while we slept.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2006
<Rating>1	3	1	1	1	1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Roaches,Smell,Poor Management and a Disgrace I am back again to let everyone know what a filthy place this is. The management is rude and nasty. The roaches have made their home here because they are attracted to the foul smell of urine. Some of the rooms initially appeared to look nice but once you got close you could see it was just old junk and the musty,pissy smell is everywhere. My advise do not stay here even if it is free you will probably pay for it in medical bills to have whatever it is that bites you and infects you removed from you. worst place on the planet. My dog would run from this place.  
<Date>May 9, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful! Paying attention to reviews is a good thing, but just bear in mind that some people require a lot more luxuries than others and can be harder to please. We loved the place and will definitely go again!By the way, if you're as cautious as we are about paying with credit cards (and I especially was after bearing in mind some of the problems people mentioned in their reviews), do as we did and pay with cash. Not a single problem!We had a fantastic time!  
<Date>May 5, 2006
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>cheap accomodation and very convenient We stayed at St Vincents last weekend for French Quarter fest and the place kind of grew on us. I knew what to expect so I was not surprised that the place was a little shabby ( hey- they did just have a BIG hurricane- they are doing pretty good for that) Our room was pleasant enough and the staff was very friendly ( well Ok the night guy at the desk did not really know his way around so much and was kinda snotty but the rest of the staff were great) Staff was very friendly for the most part and the place was very quiet. I felt very safe in the neighborhood and found it quaint. We caught the bus into the FQ every day and on one day the neighbor by the bus stop even gave us an umbrella :) Mojo coffee house across the street is great, the owners are a very friendly young couple. Cafe Roma around the corner was great as well, best pizza I have had in a while. You may have to wait a bit because they are short staffed ( like the rest of the city) but it was well worth it. The Tearoom at St Vincents is not up and running yet so there was no breakfast but they do have free self serve coffee and a coke machine. I mean the beds were not that comfortable ( or at least ours were not- some looked better on the first floor but my husband did not like the room, so we went to the 2nd floor) but this place is CHEAP CHEAP CHEAP and the pool is wonderful:) I t is also very convenient to most places and has free self parking. If you are someone who is used to staying at a holiday inn- this place may not be for you. But if you want someplace atmospheric and are up for a little adventure- try it out, you might find that it suits you OK. Just as a note- we usually stay at Le Richelieu in the french quarter but their rates were 3 times as much as St Vincents ( $72 vs $240 during peak season) so you do the math- if you want to pay a lot, by all means go elsewhere.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2006
<Rating>3	5	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>enjoyed my stay I really enjoyed my stay at St Vincent's Guest House the room was nice, and the employees were very friendly it was a great deal for the price I would stay there again whenever I visit New Orleans again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Run from this place!!!! RUN!!!This place is a dump!I would NEVER recommend this place to anyone-EVER.Plus now I have to call to see why they double billed me-ugh.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>lambda70
<Content>Very enjoyable stay. I very much enjoyed my stay at St. Vincents Guest House. I will go there again the next time I visit fascinating New Orleans. My rating of '2' meets the requirements of the measurement system, but in no way reflects the intangible, 'nice feel' I got from the place.This beautiful hostel is situated just under a mile as the bird flies from the Amtrak train station. I would not recommend carrying heavy luggage on foot over this distance, at midnight--as I did, to avoid the 10$ flat rate cab--since the neighborhoods I crossed did appear a little 'hairy' at times--I'm a cheap, stuborn mule! On that note, however, several people assured me that crime has gone way down since the storm and flooding--and has gone way up in Houston and Atlanta!I didn't expect a hotel, I wanted a hostel, and that's exactly what I got. Very, very nice staff, clean enough accomodations, a nice homey feel. I slept like a baby.Breakfast wasn't served the next morning, 'cause the cook couldn't be found, so I had a interesting chat over coffee with the staff who were about to start their day's work cleaning. The pool isn't operational yet. WiFi coverage doesn't reach the rooms, only the yard, lobby and charming salon. There's a very nice 'student feel' cafe across the street, with WiFi coverage as well. I jogged over to the Mississipi River, finding my way across Port Authority property. Got a beautiful view of the morning mist.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2006
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>I stay at St. Vincent's every time I'm in NOLA            
<Date>Apr 5, 2006
<Rating>5	4	2	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful Experience My sister and I stayed at St Vincent during Mardi Gras and it was wonderful! The staff were very friendly and always ready to help with our queries. Being a backpacker, the room was beyond my expectations for the rate we paid (especially as it had an ensuite), and we were provided with linen regularly, which is rare in hostels.It was in walking distance of the Quarter, Garden District and St Charles Ave (parade route). Plus the cafe across the road is run by some very friendly people, and stays open fairly late too.I really enjoyed my stay here and will definately return. Thanks guys for a wonderful experience!  
<Date>Mar 30, 2006
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't Be Fooled by the Pictures!!! What a shock it was upon seeing the reality of this quaint historic inn! We were thrilled to be with our son before he was deployed to Iraq and chose New Orleans to spend 4 days with him. Unfortunately we chose the St. Vincent's Guest House because of the pictures on the internet. It truly is a lovely building on the outside but once inside we realized we'd been duped. It wasn't the fading, frayed carpet-that has a certain charm-the start was the furniture that was stained, and a couch with one leg sitting on a block of wood. Next was the clerk who could find no reservation for us even though I had a confirmation number. Then there was the public bathroom-I've seen better gas station bathrooms! Not only was it dirty and smelly, there was no soap, towels, or toilet paper.Walking to a room that we were going to look at, we couldn't get lights to work in the hall. Once in the room we were dismayed to find peeling wallpaper, a wicker chair that had broken, and a dirty bathroom sink and mirror. It wasn't even something that you could consider eclectic and an adventure. We just left-we didn't want to spend time with our son in that place. He commented that he could understand the bathrooms at the barracks at Camp Shelby being theat dirty, but not someplace we were spending $80 a night for! We went to the Bourbon Orleans, spent more money but didn't worry about lights in the hallways, bathroom cleanliness, or broken down furniture. And guess what? Their pictures were reality!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2006
<Rating>1	4	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RAPM
<Content>OVER CHARGED This was our 4th visit to New Orleans and our 2nd stay at St. Vincent's. We booked on-line both times. The rate was $25 per person, per night. We (2 of us) stayed 3 nights each time. The first time, we were billed correctly. This year we were overcharged. When we got home, we discovered that our credit card had been charged over $300 for the 3 night stay. We have tried calling and speaking to the owner/manager but we either get no answer or if someone does answer, the owner/manager is not available. We have written a letter requesting the over charge be refunded to our account or at least explained. We have yet to hear from anyone regarding this matter and we don't expect we will.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>The essence of NOLA       leaving at 2am. don't really want to leave  
<Date>Mar 17, 2006
<Rating>4	5	2	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dsiputed Charges and Unpleasant Stay at St. Vincent's Guest House, New Orleans I am a displaced Pediatrician from New Orleans and my former housemate is a professor at Nicholls state. We booked a room at the St. Vincent's guest house for Lundi and Mardi Gras nights. The place was dirty, rundown and over-priced. Monday night, I was trapped in their shower - it took me about ten minutes to finally get the door to open! It was stiff on closing and almost impossible to open and definitely broken before our arrival! On check out, my roommate, Dr. Robin White informed the front desk that the shower door was broken. Not only the shower door but the water handle in the shower and my lamp were also broken, the mattresses were worn out, concave and practically flat in the middle, there were papers, dead roaches and broken beads under the beds, dust flew from the blinds when they were raised etc! Upon recieiving a copy of our less than favorable review from Hostels, a $250 charge for the broken shower door showed up on Dr. White's debit card! Mr. Shriver has not returned calls from me or Dr. White. Dr. White went to speak to him about the matter in person today at which point he screamed at her concerning her negative review, threw her computer and purse on the floor and had his desk clerk call the police. Dr. White also spoke with the police who have told us this is a matter for small claims court, an option we plan to pursue.Heidi Lee Sinclair, MD, MPHMedical Director, Bridge City Center for YouthLSU Pediatrics, LSU Juvenile Justice Program  
<Date>Mar 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>In defense of St. Vincent's After booking for our second Jazz Fest at St. Vincent's, I felt it my duty to defend the place a bit. It is cheap, an experience, and really not that bad. We stayed for four nights last year during Jazz Fest and had a decent experience. We did get the wrong room the first night and Peter, the owner, was not available to help. However, the next morning, we had no problem getting the problem figured out so my husband and I had a double bed instead of the two singles we had the first night. It's true that the rooms are outdated and not particularly clean. I have stayed at medium quality hotels in India though that had much more severe bug problems, so I guess how much that bothers you will depend on your comfort level with roaches. You are in Louisiana, so they really are everywhere.The location was excellent. We took the bus back and forth to the French Quarter and went to clubs every night. We had a car that stayed parked next door the entire time unharmed. The staff was fine. They didn't talk much, but who cares? As for the tv, towels, etc. Why are you watching tv in New Orleans? If you are so worried about the towels and sheets, spend part of the HUGE amount you saved by staying here at Walmart so you know they are clean during your stay. There's no question this is a dive, but we had a great experience in New Orleans last year and really look forward to staying at St. Vincent's again...for dirt cheap compared to other places. We'll be spending our savings on good food and drink!By the way, St. Vincent's has a lot of character and is a pretty cool old place. It is definitely not for your average hotel stayer, but if you are going to New Orleans to explore the city instead of your hotel room, it is a great place to stay. Just have some patience, do a little cleaning if you need to, and remember that you can take your drinks to go! Enjoy and take it in as part of the experience!  
<Date>Mar 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Solitary_Traveler
<Content>A very Bad deal I just completed a trip to New Orleans for Mardi Gras. The Mardi Gras was terrific for the five days we spent there. I only wish the accomadations were one tenth as good.I was booked into the St. Vincent Guest Hotel at 1507 Magazine Street. That's about a 2 mile walk from the French Quarter and downtown.  There was no elevator working so all the baggage was carried up by me and my wife and outside narrow stairwell. The room was little more that an 10 x 12 room. The window sills were covered in dead insects. The wicker furniture...a single chair and small table were dirty...dust still on both. There was no television which is on of the amenities listed. There was no telephone. Again a missing ameniity. No soap, no shampoo.  There was lack of ANY maid service for the 5 days we were booked there Each day I had to go donw to the desk and ask for clean towels. On two occassions I was told there were no towels available. Once by the night clerk and once by one the woman I presumed to be the day clerk. She aakded the maid about the towels and the response was that all the clean towels had been given out and no more were available. There was never any attempt to get me any clean towels at that time or during the entire day.Only once in the 5 days did a maid enter the room. The waste basket was emptied and that was all. No fresh linen for entire time spent. No trash picked up except for that single incident.There was coffee downstairs 4 days but the last day even that wasn't available. I asked the manage if it would be possible to cash a few travelers cheques to which he replied ..no. He didn't keep much money around. All in all there was a general lack of concern by management and staff toward us and our stay. I stayed only because the room had been booked well in advance and was paid for other wise I would have been gone the second day.I rated this hotel a 1 simply because I couldn't rate it any lower.  
<Date>Mar 4, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never Again This was the worst experience of my life! My friends and I booked a two-night stay during Mardi Gras. We had no money so we figured why not stay at this cheap--- place and save. What a mistake that was! The staff was very rude and not helpful. The man at the front desk even purposefully gave us the wrong number of the cab company to make us look like fools. We did not get the bed accommodations we had agreed to either. After finding a dirty shower cap in the bathroom and a broken mattress, we decided to get the hell out of there the second night. They would not refund us more than $25 for the first night despite their incompetent service and lackluster amenities. What ---! Don't be fooled, the hotel is friggin ugly and run down despite online pictures. Do yourselves a favor, spend a little more money and stay at the Hilton across the street. You'll feel safer (not fearing for your --- life) and they won't rip you off.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2006
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a hole! And rude staff We arrived at the hotel, and things were dismal and got worse from there. We walked in the lobby area, which reeked of body odor and mildew smells. Spiders and dead bugs in their webs were every where on the ceiling, and the carpet and walls were torn up, dirty and covered in twigs and leaves brought in from the outside. I thought, aybe the rooms will be better? Not a chance. As we stepped into the room itself, I tried to turn on the lights, but none of the 5 lightbulbs in the room worked. After finally getting the lights to work (my boyfriend had to take bulbs from the bathroom light fixtures and put them in the bedroom), I immediately wanted to turn the lights back off. Outlets without covers were falling out of the walls and exposing electrical wires, the walls looked like people had peed and puked on them for years, the ceiling fan had a layer of dust that was so thick it was beginning to accumulate on the bottom of the blades and fall off onto the bed below it, the sheets looked like they hadn been washed in years, the bathroom door knob was missing (leaving a big, gaping hole in the door), the shower was so filled with mold and mildew that I could hardly bring myself to shower (I unfortunately had to, but I refused to step on the tub floor in bare feet and laid a towel down in the shower to step on), the front door lock had once been broken into and was no longer sturdy in any aspects of the word, the carpeting looked like the walls ?filled with stains and -don-know-what??and was torn and shredded in numerous places, etc. I could go on, however, I think I have made my point. Even though the place was filthy, the most annoying part was the manager/owner herself. Aside from not being able to get anyone at the front desk for help after checking in (hence why I had to take the light bulbs from the bathroom and put them in the bedroom, I could not get a hold of the front desk to bring me some light bulbs), as we were checking out and walking out with my bags, neither of us said a word to the manager. I figured I was just too upset and disgusted and wanted to be out of there. As we walked past her, she realized we were leaving due to the hotel conditions (it was pretty obvious). She made a very snide and rude comment we checked out, ou know, just in case you haven heard, we did just have a Hurricane.?I came down to NO, LA with the expectation that everything may be in disarray and not in the best conditions?but dirt on sheets, missing door knobs, filth on fan blades and a layer of mold so thick in the shower that it may start growing on your feet is NOT Hurricane related. It is simply poor management. Do not stay here, this place needs to be condemed. It is awful. Stay at the Cheatue Sonesta (sp?) instead. Right off of Bourbon Street, a little more $$ but MUCH better.  
<Date>Feb 22, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LoFin
<Content>bring your sleeping bag stayed 2 nights this week. was totally relieved that i'd packed my sleeping bag! NO housekeeping, zero. 4 tv channels all fuzzy, 1 rabbit ear broken. towels were not washed, just hung back on the bar. shower stall needs scrubbing, and bleach.spend a few bucks more for a clean room  
<Date>Feb 17, 2006
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Thank god we DID NOT stay! MY boyfriend was making a reservation for the weekend before valentines day and ofcorse everything was booked up. He found St. Vincents online and it was close to the zoo where I had to work that weekend so he booked it. I went and checked the website, it looked ok, but then i checked on here and read all the reviews and got scared, so i went to check it out. Everything is true, this place is horrible, I would not have sat on the edge of the bed let alone slept in it. Just like the reviews say the first person to finally greet me was a lady holding a huge load of dirty towels and sheets. The carpet which they had told my boyfriend they had just redid, looked like industrial carpeting that was DUCT-TAPED to the floor! The rooms were musty and the room they sent me to look at had just been cleaned, however the pillows had NO PILLOWCASE and there was only a sheet on the bed, no blankets. The Tv was circa 1980 with bunny ears and sitting on a chair. The facility actually looked horrible, the lobby area and hallways were all dimly lit, on purpose i suppose. The staff was of little help while we were there. Thank God i checked it out, we then made reservation and had a wonderful time at Country Inn and Suites on Magazine, 1 block off of Canal. Their pillows are divine and the rooms were very nice, breakfast was WONDERFUL(just waffles,cereal, yogurt, coffee and juice, but very good) and the staff at Country Inn could not have been nicer.DO NOT go to St Vincents unless you are VERY desperate and prepared to bring all your own linens and good pair of slippers.  
<Date>Feb 14, 2006
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Auburn Won, but we Were still in a Dump (haunted to say the least) We got to New Orleans on Sunday before the 2005 Sugar Bowl. My friend had booked a two full-bed room for four people to stay in. They didn't have one. Said the reservation only had us for a twin. With a little griping and an up in pay, we were upgraded to a one full-bed, and and two roll away cots. Roll away cots being a luxurious term. We were given at the best two of those foam camp mats with two sheets two blankets and one pillow for two straight guys. Not to mention that the front door is locked at 10p, you can take a drunken climb up the fire escape and then scale a ten foot rod iron fence on the second floor to get away from the craziness that surrounds this place. Even though you make it past the front lines, you still need in your room for total safety; but that requires the key that my buddies still had down on Bourbon. You can wonder the dim halls late at night, but be aware of Eastern European immigrants that stroll in at all hours, are very rude, and do not speak English. If you are looking for the experience of your lifetime, this is the place to stay; make sure though you go during a busy time of the year, that makes all the difference. Enjoy your stay, but watch out for the millions of ghosts of the poor orphans that died of malaria and yellow fever, when St. Vincent's was still an orphanage/morgue.  
<Date>Dec 20, 2005
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ROACHES SMELL AND DRUNKS ON THE PORCH I wish I had never made the Reservation(1019MO). It began with us arriving late after informing Peter(the Owner) of this.He said he would leve the key at the Front Door. we arrive 1130pm and the front door was close and the side door was open. We went in and the smell hits you. My wife was appprehensive at first, but we found a key and went to the room (it was occupied)WE had no place to stay and no one to talked to.We went to nearest Police Station and asked them if we could stay in their parking lot until the morning and we would return to the Hotel.At 8am we went back and Peter said he was sorry for the problem and that we should return at 5 pm and he would have a room for us( my wife was not to happy but agreed to do so), by 5:30 no call so we called them and were told they had no spaace for us and Peter would not talk to us on the phone.We were dumped by this dump.....We got to a phone and started calling hotels and got the Chateau in the French Quarter who told us to come by right away they had a room for us......we left the Roaches, the smell and the nasty attitudes at St. Vincent. I will never ever stay or recommmened this place to anyone not even my dog would stay there.I was in New Orleans to help with the Katrina relief and I got screwed and insulted.  
<Date>Oct 24, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>People come first here When we first got there, we were a little scared. The grand old orphanage is being slowly revovated. Certainly, a long project. We were quickly made to feel right at home. The real home cooked breakfasts was fabulous. the hotel is spotted with photos and furniture from its past. Shoots to carry children from the upper floors still cling to the building. The rooms are sparse and the grounds are a work in progress. the people were freindly and accomodating. Forget about the trimmings and take time to get to know these folks. The beds had old handmade quilts on them--fabulous. What a nice experience it turned out to be. I travel for a living and have stayed in some of the nicest hotels, but this one has something even more comforting than shiny accoutrements, it has charachter and grace and one step at a time it will be restored to it's original beauty. The history is amazing. I would go back.  
<Date>Aug 30, 2005
<Rating>5	5	2	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can you say "Character?" What an interesting weekend we've had. Due to the imminent arrival of Hurricane Katrina, we've just evacuated the St. Vincent's Guest House and the city of New Orleans, along with a few other thousand people. However, my husband and I love an adventure and this latest twist (pun intended) only added to the surreal nature of this trip to our beloved city. We hoped there might be some surprises in store for us when we chose to forsake our usual comfortable, if predictable, digs in the Quarter and take a chance on staying in this former orphanage.My son's friend coined the term hurrica-tion and it's a very apt description for the atmosphere surrounding the good-natured bustle of people battening the hatches and preparing to leave. A cooperative spirit was apparent and these city-dwellers were very patient with one another.We only stayed one night at St. Vincent's due to the evacuation, but I'm very glad we did. The red brick edifice occupies an entire block. There are soaring ceilings, multiple staircases, and hallways that wander will-nilly throughout the old orphanage. What an interesting snapshot of life as it was! I felt a bit like a kid as we explored new ways to get between our room and the lobby and common areas.The staff was friendly and accommodating. The rooms are certainly of the no frills variety, and I mean no frills, but ours was clean. The linens were faded, but looked and smelled great. The parking is wonderful: off the street and free. My only problem with our room was that the air conditioner could hardly keep up with the incredible heat and humidity. I slept comfortably, however. The television reception was okay (the rabbit ears variety), but wireless internet access was available.The $5 breakfast is not impressive, but it's cheap and convenient.My most important bit of info for travelers contemplating a stay at St. Vincent's: I felt very safe staying in this guest house. We will definitely stay there again. Very convenient to everything we love about NOLA.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Can you say DUMP This was the worst and nastiest place I've ever stayed they didnt ever even clean your sheets and the place had looked as though someone been there before with out being cleaned up There where roaches the size of rats the Electric didnt work in a lot of places our phone didnt work all the furniture is busted up I could keep going but Ive said enough for a place this if there going to make it into a guess house get a decent crew new furniture for god sake just it needs to be redone all the way....  
<Date>Aug 21, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never again No atmosphere, no room service, fresh towels never provided, hallways and outside areas unkempt and untidy. TV not working and no hairdryers. Too many cockroaches.  
<Date>Aug 19, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>DO NOT STAY AT THIS HOTEL I located the hotel on the website. It looks nothing like what is online. When I arrived late at night, there is no working attendant to assist you. Your key is taped to the front door. A resident had to show me to my room. The elevator is shaky and does not stop even with the floor. The hallways are dark, damp and the hotel smells of mold and mildew. The hallway to the room was dark. The room is dimely lite, smells of mold and the sheets have spots on them. This is not a clean, comfortable, save place to stay. There is no one there at night if you have a question, problem or need anything. DO NOT STAY HERE  
<Date>Aug 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>It's a shame... This magnificent building has some very lousy caretakers, she does not deserve the treatment she receives.After booking at the guest house, just finding the cheapest place in town (we're only going to sleep there anyway!) I started to read the reviews and started to get a little worried. I am a very open person and can survive a lot of little things, but my parents were joining my husband and I for their first trip to New Orleans, and of course I wanted them to have a wonderful experience. So I kept my hopes up. Let's just say, I am glad they have open minds also. I checked in alone after a conference downtown with heavy luggage. I wasn't even told there was an elevator to use, so I clunked up the steps to our room. After figuring out how the darn key worked, I saw our room. Small, yes, but not horrible. I've stayed in many bb's before, and as it wasn't the best, but it looked okay. I bought rail passes for my husband and parents and wanted to leave them at the desk when they arrived. I waited over ten minutes while the lady behind the desk chatted on the phone and did work on the computer. Finally she noticed me after saying Excuse me several times. She had me come behind the desk and attach the passes to their check in card myself. No, please, don't get up I thought. Anyway I could go on and on about so many things, so I will just write St. Vincent's pros and cons. You decide if it's for you.Pros-Beautiful old building! My Dad just kept saying.. It's such a shame, this place has such potential.The pool and courtyard are very nice.The air condtioning works. My Mom said it was her favorite part of the place.Gorgeous sitting room. Oops, but has no A/C, so we never sat in it.Cons-Dirty discusting carpet - everywhereI made my husband go in the room first at night so the cockroaches had a chance to scatter.We found a little lizard in our room, which I thought was cool, but most people (Including my mother) probably wouldn't.Rude, inattentive staffTowels were threadbareRoom was never cleaned, or towels even changedNo toilet paper holder - what's up with that?! They cost $2!In the 3 and a half days we were there, the lawn was never mowed, and it needed it.The bedding had little to be desiredLocation - NOT Remotely close to the Quarter.I'm in love with the city of New Orleans, this was our 3rd trip in 5 years, and plan to return many more times, but not to St. Vincent's. Take my advice and spend the extra 20 bucks and go to a wonderful bb, or hotel closer to the Quarter.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Never have been more shocked!       Leaving St. Vincent's  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Well worth it I just came home from New Orleans where I stayed at St Vincent's. After reading some of the other reviews I would like to give my opinion:The elevator is kind of old and jerks up and down when it stops, the stairs are working fine though. :) The room we had could have been better vacuumed but the sheets and towels were clean and after two out of our four days stay the towels were changed. Apart from the shower curtain the bath room was clean as well. The best thing with this guest house is that the employees were very nice to us all the time answering all our questions and arranging for our late arrival in New Orleans. The breakfast was also very good containing of grits, pancakes and eggs of different kinds made to order. To that came cereals, toast, coffee and juice. It is well worth five dollars! The pool was clean and nice as well, but nothing very fancy, just a normal pool. The A/C worked very well all the time and the hostel was very quiet at night. The TV did not work though.A 15-20 min walk is required to get to the french quarters but bus no 11 stops just outside the guesthouse. Also a taxi does not cost more than 8 dollars to the city. In short: Clean beds and towels, nice breakfast, nice staff, calm and quiet. Some things could be improved: elevator, TV, vacuuming and shower curtain. If you are not too picky and want to save some money to spend in the french quarters this is the place to stay!  
<Date>Jul 24, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Mora11272
<Content>Would have rather slept in my car! The price attracts everyone to this guest house...and the free parking but its sure not through word of mouth. We arrived to find one mighty creepy old building! The staff obviously were not happy with their choice of employment...no southern hospitality here! The building is in a serious need of a major overhaul. We were shown 2 different rooms...we choose the lesser of two evils. The bedspereads were stained, the hallwalls were dark dank and dirty. There were two sets of towels for a room that slept four. The windows were nailed shut and painted in plexiglass...how classy can you get?! I had to remid everyone we are here to see places and do fun things...we're just here to shower and sleep. The elevator is in serious need of repair, when the door opens to your floor the thing jerks up and down typically stopping several inches lower or higher then level to the hall floor! Scary, seedy and totally unacceptable. Do not even bother.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Amityville Horror! This was the most disgusting place I have ever been in. It was nothing like described or the photos shown on the web. There were dead bugs everywhere including the beds! Hundreds of bugs in the hallways and on the furniture. The yard had garbage cans overflowing and a grocery cart by the front door full of bags of trash. The smell was awful both inside and out. There was no tv, no towels, AC wasnt working properly, hardend spots on the carpet from possibly vomit that had been partially cleaned. There was no way we could stay in such awful conditions. We were forced to drive around for hours on our vacation to find alternative accomodations. I would not recommend St. Vincent's guesthouse.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This was the worst My friends and I booked this in April through sidestep which took a $41.40 deposit. the confirmation told me that the rest of the $276 plus tax would be due on check in. The pictures on the site looked great (very very decieving) We took an early flight in My boyfriend and I have been to New Orleans many times but we took a couple with us it was there first trip. We got over there and could not believe the atmosphere and the false adverstisment. we were told to come back in the late afternoon rooms would not be ready. We returned later in the day and were shown to our rooms. WHAT A NIGHTMARE... there were bed bugs (dead) the ones we seen on the beds and pillows. no tv no towels very dirty rooms my friends room someone must have thrown up and instead of cleaning it up they just cleaned the chunks we asked for a refund it was essence festival and no other rooms were available. We were willing to sleep in our car at this point. We were told we had to contact the manager in the am so we left turned in our keys and drove around like crazy trying to find a place. We finally found one which we had to pay $180.67 for one room whic had one bed. there were four of us. so two of us had to sleep on the floor it was still better than this place. we returned the next day to try to get a refund he did refund one room a night but refused to do the other as he said we used the towels WHAT TOWELS NONE WERE THERE. We were not in there more thatn 1 minute before we left. This place is a complete rip off. I will report to health department, and anyone else I can find to make sure no one else gets in to this mess...... I do have photos not downloaded yet but will post these as well.... One last tidbit without my consent they charged me the full rate before I actually showed up and also I did not give them permission to charge my card nor did I give them the number the sidestep company sent them my confirmation and they charged my card from that information... This I believe is Fraud.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not what I expected I stayed at St vincent Guess house during the Essence Jazz Festival. My room look exactly like the pictures that are advertised. The staff were very nice and helpful. My first time in New Orleans and I was surprised about how small the streets were. The gh is withthin walking distance of the bus and the 11 magazine street lets you off across the street from the gh. I caught the bus everyday to Canal street and walked to Bourbon Street. My room was cool, but as soon as you come out the humidity hits you. I found the gh to be different from anyother place I have ever stayed.  
<Date>Jul 4, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>False Advertisement We went online to view this hotel that we found at a reasonable price. The picture showed a wicker bedroom set that looked adequate for the price. The dining room showed a wicker dining room setting. They showed a manicured landscape. Upon arrival we were in shock to find a terrible dump. It was obvious the hotel had not been renovated as it appeared to be online. As we entered the hotel we encountered an old, damp, musty, mildew smell. The carpet was old, worn, dirty. and faded. As we were shown to one of the rooms we smelled gas in the courtyard. The bedroom had dark black background flowered curtains and the bedspread had a faded brown background with squares. The smell was nauseating, To top it off there was a table with droppings from an unknown animal that was roaming the hotel. Just outside of the dining room was an old worn safa that had a cushion coming out of the cover and the zipper was broken. The picture shown online is very misleading. The airport shuttle bus driver referred to it as the Hemon Monster mansion. We agreed when we got there. We went out in the rain to find anotther room.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Elspeth
<Content>Double charged, bad location, bad features I'm not too picky when it comes to hotels, motels, and B +B's. I've stayed in former insane assylums, in homes owned by people hostel to Americans, and am always prepared with my own pillows and shampoo because hotel's aren't likely to have the best of either. This place, however, really has me peeved... not just because our shower curtain was terribly mildewed, the hot water handle took 2 people to turn on, there was inadequite tv reception on all local channels, the elevator moved when you stepped on it, the breakfast was bad, the pool was dirty, the room was smelly, and we were given a room with 1 bed instead of two... but because my credit card was double charged and after two weeks of requesting refunds by phone and e-mail/ providing full documentation, I was still being given the run around and only a partial refund, because the area was missrepresented (with staff telling me it was a short walk to several restaurants See our brochure) and after walking 1.5 miles on blistered feet through a questionable neighborhood I only found 2 places and an AP, and because the check-in process took 30 minutes because the staff wanted to have an argument over personal matters instead of seeing to my needs (though I told them I was in pain and needed to be settled as soon as possible). The good points: easy parking, large rooms, history, a nearby restaurant with really good Mediterranian food, and cheap prices (if you don't get double charged).  
<Date>Jun 23, 2005
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>what can i say I stayed there while I was in New Orleans for the Sugar Bowl. The area that it is in seems kind of shady, but after being there a few days we realized it was not that bad. We would usually walk to the French Quarter during the daytime and get a cab back, which is only a couple of bucks. It is right between the Garden District and the French Quarter, so you can get to either one fast. It was definitely an interesting place to stay because the building has so much history. I feel like I got more of an idea of what New Orleans is by staying in this old orphanage instead of a recently built 5 star hotel. There was one woman of the staff that seemed like she was always having a bad day, but the rest were okay. The rooms were pretty clean, although I saw a woman cleaning our bathroom...she used the toilet brush for everything, which was kind of disturbing...  
<Date>Jun 21, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Excellent Value I stayed here for a week and found the staff to be courteous, pleasant and helpful.This is budget accommodation, but it is charming and clean, the hot water is hot, the pool is clean, the breakfasts are good, the bus and St. Charles trolley are close at hand and there is an excellent coffee shop across the street. The rooms are very pretty, with old handmade quilts on the beds and white wicker furniture.I would stay here again.C in Victoria BC, Canada  
<Date>May 28, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A Wonderful Funky Stay at an Old Orphanage!       The St. Vincent's Orphanage Hotel  
<Date>May 20, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was just fine II I have to agree with the writer of 'was just fine. I also have no idea where the hysterical reviews are coming from. I guess if they want sanitary spotless rooms they should book the Hyatt.However if you want good rooms and a friendly staff then St. Vincents the place to be. They were busy painting and cleaning while we we there.My wife and I found the neighborhood very friendly and well lighted at night. It is a bit of a walk to the French Quarter but not too bad.My recommendation for New Orleans is save your hotel money, stay at St. Vincents. Invest the savings by dining in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 5, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Twinferret
<Content>"This is a stickup....." We arrived after over 7 hrs. of driving to learn that the price had gone up by $10.00 per night, and the deposit had gone up by over $100.00; the booking clerk from God knows where had already applied $50.00 to our credit card for the deposit.With Thanksgiving football fans filling up other places and two tired and hungry children at 7 PM at night, we bit the bullet and signed the VISA paperwork, after arguing with the deskclerk over the sudden price increase, as well as the new amt. of deposit.  We entered a dingy room, with torn and faded bedspreads.....immediately we found that the tv would not work....next we tried to turn on the window air conditioner and it shocked me! The little fellow who responded to our desk call was friendly enough and repaired the problems The next morning I saw others complaining, as we sat down to a breakfast with no milk, no margarine,....I told the kids to pretend we were camping out for $98.00 a nite!It was apparent the kitchen staff did their best, but the tired excuse, We have to go to the store wore down after two days of no milk and no margarine. I watched as two older ladies from Australia sat and waited, and waited, and waited for margarine when I knew full well that was the same story the day before. Finally, they gave up and left.The next nite the toilet overflowed all over the bathroom and the little New Orleans critters I'd noticed holed up in the bathroom ran for their lives and took up residence in the thinly carpeted area WITH US!!I took the name of the owners and wrote them a letter when we returned home and their response to all our problems and overcharges in a nutshell was, So, what?The cute photos of chidren and cleaner days gone by and the kind kitchen staff are not enough for me to ever spend another night in this dirty, urine scented, and bait and switch establishment!!.After many travels and using many BB's all over Europe, this is the most horrible excuse for lodging I've even been exposed to.Somebody needs to report this sham to the Tourist Commission of New Orleans and the Health Department ta boot!! Don't even think the place looks like the photos posted by the management!!!!  
<Date>Apr 22, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Cheap place in a great neighborhood Judging by the mostly negative reviews of St Vincents, it seems that this is the kind of place for experienced travelers.Yes, it is disorganized, small rooms, wicker furniture, no phones, no TV. But you go to a chain hotel for nice, predictable rooms. Stay home for TV and phone. St Vincents Guest House used to be St Vincents Infirmary for Orphans. There's pictures from the 1800's of the nuns caring for the children on the walls. It has tall ceilings, long hallways, a charmingly eerie feel. Another plus is that it's downtown, right on Magazine Street. You just step outside and can walk up Magazine for great shopping and awesome food. You can walk to one of the cemetaries (about 15 minutes), and do your own walking tour through the Garden District. You can also walk to the street car that takes you right to the French Quarter. If you are considering St Vincents because it's cheap- you can also take into consideration that you can fill up on their simple, substantial breakfast for 5 bucks. It's not gourmet, but come on, it's 5 dollars! St Vincents is not for everyone, and neither is New Orleans for that matter. New Orleans is the dirty south in all of it's beautiful, inconvienent, decaying, historical grandeur with a heavy shot of debauchery thrown in. I've been to NO 6 times, and my stay at St Vincents has been the best so far.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>great place to stay St. Vincent's is a Guest House, not a Hotel. I believe some of the negative reviews are from people that are used to hotel chains and not guest houses or hostels. If you are looking for an affordable, safe place to stay in a cool area this is it.My husband and I stayed for 3 nights and found that the staff (front desk  housekeeping) was extremely nice and ready to give great suggestions about sites to see and restaurants. Our sheets and towels were clean. We thought the pancakes, grits, oj, coffee and eggs were good. Our a/c  cable worked. Our bathroom was clean. There is a great little neighborhood that is filling in around them with all sorts of shops. a cab for two people to the French Quarter is only $6-7 and cabs come with in 5 minutes of the front desk calling one.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Pleasantly surprised I had reserved a room at St. Vincent's based on their lower room rates in New Orleans BEFORE reading reviews. Although there were a few good reviews most were pretty dismal so we were expecting the worse. Wow! I was pleasantly surprised. I mean, the place wasn't a luxury hotel, but that's only important if you plan on spending all day in your room. Who does that in New Orleans? The staff was friendly and helpful. Our room was pretty basic, with no cable, but I only turned on TV once for local weather. The room itself had weird purple paint, but the quilts and white whicker were pretty and I loved the tall ceiling and huge windows. I'd read there were problems getting towels so we brought our own but never needed them. The linen and towels were clean and the bathroom was new and spotless. Sure, the place badly needs new carpet, but I certainly didn't see anything crawling in it and it was freshly vacuumed. The building itself has a great history, and I loved the pictures by the stairway of the nuns and orphans who used to live there. Be warned that St. Vincent's is quite a long walk away from the French Quarter, but we discovered it's a cheap taxi ride and taxis come about 5 minutes after you call. It was no problem!Believe me, I've stayed in other places in New Orleans, but I'll go back to St. Vincent's next time. The parking was free, so you save that money on top of what you save on your room. The breakfast isn't bad, but if you'd like something better hop in a taxi and go to Cafe du Monde or Pierre Maspero's! Also, there is great coffee right across the street from St. Vincent's if you don't mind the horror-movie type atmosphere of the building the coffee shop is in.Unless you you're really picky and plan on spending your New Orleans vacation in your motel room, I'd recommend St. Vincent's for a quaint, clean place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Night Staff Not Helpful AT ALL This isn't the worst place to stay in New Orleans, as long as you don't need help at night. The night person was missing for a long time, and there was a line of people waiting, phone ringing, etc... ALSO... the office area was left open with the keys and everything in there out in plain sight. The employee that FINALLY showed up was very rude and sarcastic and started telling us about how she only gets paid $6.00 per hour. I couldn't believe it!  
<Date>Apr 13, 2005
<Rating>2	3	3	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty baths, cobwebs.... We stayed at this hotel as the photos on the website made it appear fantastic. It couldnt have been further from the truth - the place is totally run down and not cared for at all, which is a shame because it is such a gorgeous building.Our room was dark, damp, it had a filthy carpet, the bedside cabinets hadnt been dusted in months, there were cobwebs on the ceiling and the wall, the curtains were filthy, as was the window ledge. The duvet cover had a massive burn hole in it (but the sheets were clean, at least), and the bathroom was appalling. The bath had black filthy marks on it, where nobody has bothered to scrub it clean, ever.At breakfast we asked for some butter for our toast and we were given the used butter pot off of another table that hadnt even been cleaned yet, the butter had knife marks in it of the people that had used it before us.The lady on reception when we checked in wasnt helpful either, she wasnt interested in the fact that we thought wed booked under a certain tariff, all she cared about was getting our money there and then. Her tart answer was that the manager would be in in the morning so wed have to see him then.We were completely appalled and certainly wouldnt recommend this hotel to anyone, unless it changes management.  
<Date>Apr 7, 2005
<Rating>2	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>If you dug The Shining... If you dug The Shining, this is the hotel for you. A Civil War vintage orphanage, St. Vincent's is a kinda-creepy treat. Over the past decade it's undergone huge renovations (which continue). Don't expect a chain hotel experience, you won't get one. Accomodations are spartan, but the best deal in town. The history is wonderful, one that anyone drawn to New Orleans would surely appreciate. The one caution I would give is that if you book (particularly on a holiday), follow-up unmercifully, and get everything in writing. Two years running my reservation has been lost--the first year resulting in 4 people getting jammed in a one-king-bed room. Griping from that experience garnered a discount the following year...reservation was lost again. Went through the roof and got the room we'd requested. The desk and housekeeping staff are very accomodating, I just suspect that management is a little too loosey-goosey with paperwork.Even with the issues, the neighborhood/history/price/general appeal of the place keep us coming back year after year. Look for the REDRUM stairwell.  
<Date>Apr 3, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great place to stay! St. Vincent's isn't right in the French quarter area but it was really nice to see another side of town. The building is really interesting and the rooms were very cozy! The staff was great and everyone was very friendly and helpful. There is a bus stop right on the same block, which can take you to the French quarter in minutes. We felt very safe there at all times of the day. If you like staying at bed and breakfast -type places I would definitely check this place out. You really can't beat the price.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't even think about it We go to New Orleans a few times a year and expected, from the address, that this would be OK. We were going over a holiday weekend and all our regular places were marked WAY up, so we gave it a try. We were there all of 10 minutes. Even knowing that the city was booked up and that we were going to be gouged if we did find a new place, we left. We were prepared to turn around and go home if that was what it came to--a six hour drive. The place smelled awful, there were cars that were presumably abandoned sitting in the side yard, the furniture was shabby, and everything was dirty---really dirty. Our room was maybe 10 by 10--maybe. Avoid it. (Luckily we were able to check in at the just-opened Country Inn and Suites and were given a hot rate of $79 for a $169 room when I explained that we'd already paid for another place. We've stayed all over the city, always trying new places, but from now on we're staying at the Country Inn. I know it's a chain, but the one in NOLA is a charming one. But hey, the Ritz is a chain too--and my husband says he likes the Country Inn better than the Ritz in New Orleans. I'm not going that far, but Country Inn earned my loyalty.) As for St. Vincent's, what I think is going on is that the owner has got this massive property in a gentrified area, so s/he is just holding on until the right offer comes--and not spending any money during the wait.  
<Date>Mar 26, 2005
<Rating>1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You get what you pay for! We stayed @ St Vincents for 6 nights. The room was very affordable and was located in a safe neighbourhood within walking distance to downtown. The buildings history is interesting, as it is a former orphan asylum. The building is slightly run down, but has charm with it's high ceilings, long hallways, and pool and courtyard. The service was friendly, but your phone may not work in your room. The bathroom was clean, but there was dust on the blinds. The bed was comfortable, and the AC worked, but there was no cable. Don't even bother with the breakfast! No meat and the pancakes taste like sawdust! Public transit is a block away, and there is parking available. All walks of life stay here: young, old, couples, and families. If you are looking for bang for your buck and simply want a place to rest your head, STAY HERE! But if you want luxery, and pampering DON'T BOTHER!  
<Date>Mar 8, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A wonderful taste of old New Orleans We read ALL of the reviews on this site with much trepidation, before we left sadly to attend our little grand daughter's funeral in New Orleans. Our New Orleans based son reassured us that he had had many friends stay at St. Vincent's. Apparently the negative reviews come from inexperienced and/or nervous travelers who have not been open to an authentic experience or who are a heck of a lot fussier than we are! It's all in your expectations.The hotel is old...gracious...and needs some paint. It's also HUGE...and would take a big staff to maintain it as a first run bed and breakfast! The small staff that does run this place is very accommodating and friendly. Our wheelchair bound son is a world traveler, having lived and worked in more than 60 countries. He had nothing but positive remarks for this hotel. His room was nicely located, spacious and comfortable. We, and our daughters, have also traveled extensively. We have stayed in everything from 5*+ hotels to a small guest house in Dharamsala India! We found nothing that would prevent our coming back to visit here. The neighborhood is historic, right on Magazine Street. We spent an hour walking into antique stores and enjoying the unique architecture. We needed flowers on a weekend between Mardi Gras and Valentine's Day...and the local florist bent over backwards to help us. St. Vincent's was the site of the reception after our granddaughter's memorial service - and the staff made special effort to arrange the furniture and make sure the room was immaculate. We felt like we were in our own homes. The Housekeeper walked out late at night and lit a candle for our granddaughter at the grotto facing the entrance. We were touched by the care and friendliness of everyone. Yep, there are some nicks and scratches, but it's not an expensive hotel. Breakfast was minimal...but adequate. If you want a fancy meal...find a fancy restaurant. If you want authentic old Louisiana...('decayed gentility' one author put it) try St. Vincent's!  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Ok if you're not picky My boyfriend and I visited St. Vincent's the weekend before Fat Tuesday. After reading the reviews on this place, we were prepared for the worst but had no choice but to keep the reservation, as it is impossible to find cheap hotels for Mardi Gras weekend unless you book way in advance, or stay far away. When we got there, I found out that they had only booked us for 2 nights, not 3 like I had requested. They had no issues adding us for that third night but I only wonder if someone else later got cheated out of a room because of their poor room-tracking system. Also, I had to tell them that I already paid the booking deposit, and while they didn't give me any problems about it and I was charged the correct amount after I spoke up, it made their tracking system look even more inefficient.  We got to our room and while it wasn't the greatest, everything seemed clean and the carpet looked recently vacuumed, and we fortunately saw no termites or cockroaches during our stay, only a couple of flies. The TV reception wasn't good either, but we weren't there to watch TV, so it was not a big issue.  On the plus side, the building had a nice historical feel to it, and the neighborhood around it was rather charming as well. I say charming in the sense that they are old buildings; unfortunately, most are pretty run-down and the neighborhood doesn't look all that safe, but it is fine if you walk in the daytime or walk with someone else at night. There are, however, many great little shops a couple of blocks down (in the opposite direction of the French Quarter), especially antique shops, and if nothing else, I would love to go back and shop on Magazine St. There is also a great coffee shop across the street from St. Vincent's, as a few people have already pointed out.   All in all, if you are not picky and come prepared, St. Vincent's is ok. Just make sure you bring a confirmation sheet if you book online, and if you're worried about the linens, bring your own.   
<Date>Feb 9, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>heatherdeann
<Content>two people from Atlanta were horrified I booked this room before seeing the reviews posted here. Believe them and do not stay here! The room was filthy - we bought flip flops and brought towels and sheets from home (after reading these reviews) - after checking in. The guest register was tracked on a piece of notebook paper. We woke up to termites on the beds and in the floor. When we complained, the manager acted like it was a routine occurrence. They offered us another dirty room, but we left and only got refunded for half of the cost of the night we didn't even stay there. If you are brave enough to stay here, bring alcohol. This place was definitely the worst hotel I've ever stayed at and makes me question the validity of the postive reviews on this site.Pros: St. Charles street trolley, Parking  
<Date>Jan 28, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Its NOT the Hilton buts its WORTH trying if you are OPEN This location has hosted my group of Mardi Gras participants since 1998. We bombard this establishment with 10-32 people; the Inn Keerp and his staff are very accomodating. True, it is NOT in the best neighborhood nor does it have the best toiletries or linens BUT they are clean. YYes, the place is OLD, almost everything in New Orleans is OLD but that is part of its charm. If you have problems you CAN find the Innkeeper on location between 8a-12noon. If you need an inexpensive place to stay while in New Orleans that provides a small breakfast, a bed, a shower, AND a safe parking lot for your vehicle - - Stay Here!.  
<Date>Jan 19, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great Place; lots of character for very little price Stayed at St. Vincents last week and can not wait until I am back in N'Leans again and I will definitely return!!I phone the day I arrived in the city and was given a rate of $39.00 per night (with tax came to $45), what a deal!!The building is beautiful with great character; the staff very friendly. The Common (Parlour) room is beautiful. Sure the place is old and could use a coat of paint, but what do people expect for this price. The TV does not have cable, however I did not come to New Orleans to watch televison. The $5.00 breakfast (optional) in the breakfast room was great (cereal, pancakes, toast, eggs, oj and tea or coffee)If anyone wants photos of the place, I took many which I am willing to email.  
<Date>Jan 17, 2005
<Rating>4	5	3	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Do not stay here!!!! Pictures were cute but the place is run down beyond comprehension! they put us all the way on the top floor with no one else staying up there and there was no phone in the room. The room was filthy, stains on the sheets, air conditioner did not work. We got in late so we dealt with it for the night but the next morning asked for another room. They said they would have one ready in a few hours and for our convenience would move our things to the new room while we are out. Gee, that's hospitable, right? We got back, was told where our new room was. Our things had been moved as they said but a pair of my shoes were missing. I know I left them next to the bed in the first room because I planned to put them on when we changed for the night. The staff told me they had already put new people in the first room (in that condition????) and that no one saw the shoes. The shoes never showed up. The second room was even worse, the sink and the shower kept backing up, the vents were full of thick dust particles, air conditioner still didn't work, no reception on the tv that showed 1 channel, the blinds were broken and others could see in to our room, spiderwebs over the door thresh hold, the door had no real lock on it so we put a suitcase in front of the door in case someone decided to come it. The rugs were dirty and seemed to be water damaged or something, it smelled like mildew, the elevator was broken and had been for months. We couldn't get a refund so we decided to suck it up for the next 2 days thinking we wouldn't be in much anyway. The next morning we went down to breakfast which was served on styrofoam plates that had cut marks on them clearly showing they were previously used!!!! NASTY!!!! We went out that night to the French Quarter and came back to find that there were NO lights on and that the front door was locked so we walked around to the back door which was open but we feared for our safety. It is not a good neighborhood to be in the dark with no lights! Mosquitos ate me alive in the room, the pool was filthy..FILTHY!!! The place could actually be charming given it's history but I felt like I could have gotten the plague myself in those conditions. We got back home and saw that we were OVERCHARGED for the room after all of this and called for a correction. It never happened. I opened a case with the Better Business Bureau to find that not only was I not the only one to do that, but that the hotel has a history of not responding..I was no different. I never got my money back, my shoes never showed up and I am NEVER going back there...be warned!!!!  
<Date>Jan 16, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Could Use Some TLC I will give this hotel 2 stars only because it has a great coffee house across the street and a bus stop 1 block away for easy inexpensive access to the french Quarter. I travel to different cities and write music reviews for a magazine. I am not one to be scared of a location or cheap hotel rooms, but I personally would not reccommend this hotel to anyone. My room was very dirty and bed linens were questinable. There was not an ice maker in the hotel working but I did manage to get a few pieces of ice to make a drink. What bothered me the most was waking up to a dead rat in the middle of the hallway right outside my door. Hey I don't mind the rodents there -just don't let me see them. There is no maid service so if you need extra towels make sure you ask for them at least an hour before you plan to leave the hotel for the day b/c they will not be hanging on your door when you return. The Tv will only work with rabbit ears so for 4 days I had no tv b/c I did not get reception in my room.The staff was very nice and they will try to accomadate you any way they can - but beware of the kitchen nazi who felt betrayed b/c I did not want to purchase her 2 pancakes and eggs for the same price I could get a real LA breakfast elsewhere. I had no problems with my reservation or even having to send a check deposit early, but I did call and confirm my reservation 3 times.Great shopping on magazine street!!!  
<Date>Dec 16, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>$69 a night is still to much I arrived at SVGH with the feeling that I had been lied to. The pictures on the web were not of the hotel I was at. I went to my room it was nasty and a musty smell. After seeing and smelling that room, that was all I needed I went back down the stair (elevator was not safe) and demanded a refund. The lady at the desk argued and told me that I could not get my deposit back. Finally after some time I managed to get a refund. They are telling people that they are 6 blocks from French Quarters when it is actually 14. This is not the place to stay.  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Rich in local color and friendliness My daughter and I stayed at St V's on a visit~ It was clean with a friendly staff~ Close to the French Quarter and Garden district~ Plus the price was reasonable, St V's has a quaint garden with pool and breakfast New Orleans style~ It's worth the visit if you'd rather not stay in the pricier hotels but would still like the New Orleans feel~ Check the history of the building~  
<Date>Dec 1, 2004
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St Vincents/ Dangerous neighborhood Stayed there 10 times, always cuz of the cheap price. U get whats ya pay for. No security at nite in a scary neighborhood. encountered many problems w/ all my stays. finally had enuff when i came back to hotel at 2 am and my key would not work on front door or outside stairs metal cage door. had to climg 12 ft high fence w/ spires on it,fell 10 ft to concrete,ripping me shirt and nearly killing myself. no apology fro the owner next morning. had a mystery seperate 20 dollar charge on me card. rat traps visable in hallway. nasty pool. cheap styrafoam plates and bad food for breakfast. crappy tv sets,no cable, bring your own clock/radio for music and wakeup. 2 redeeming aspects...in daylight it is a short walk to cool shopping area and rue de la course across street serves best coffee but has a tattoed,pierced hipper than thou staff....surrey's 2 blocks away is hand down one of best eclectic and yummy eaterys for breakfast and lunch...St Vincents, NEVER AGAIN!!!  
<Date>Nov 24, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>out there with the people Went to St V's on a Heart Association conference. I try to not stay in the resort when at conference. I prefer to experience the host city. I was really out there with the people. the place could use new carpets and some paint, but it was earthy and real. the staff was pleasant and helpful. And, you can't beat the price. A little spooky at first, I came in in mid-week, in the dark, but soon found I was a ten-minute walk from trendy boutiques and restaurants and fifteen minutes walk from downtown. I'd go back. And, you can't beat the price.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2004
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St. Vincent's Needs Tidying Read the mixed reviews, but booked anyway for the end of October, being ever hopeful. Have to agree, the old-time atmostphere is great. We loved the building as a whole, the impossibly tall doors, the balconies, the courtyard. The free parking area next to the hotel was a real plus for us and was one of the reasons we booked there. We did use the pool area, which was clean and orderly. Also the hotel is relatively close (20-25 minute walk) to the French Quarter - we walked sometimes, used the very convenient bus and street car at other times. However, I have to admit that the place needs a good cleaning - regularly. The hallways, staircases and rooms need to be swept/vaccumed. The rug in our room obviously had not been cleaned before or during our stay. Cobwebs and dead bugs.In our double room, neither bed had a mattress pad and the sheets had cigarette holes in them. No pillow covers, just cases over foam pillows with questionable stains. As far as the free breakfast referred to in earlier reviews, it was hit or miss. As breakfast is served from 8:00 - 10:00, we had to miss it sometimes due to early plans. On the first day we were able to partake of breakfast, the cook had a late start, no eggs available at 8:30, no milk purchased, so no cereal. We were offered two pancakes apiece and some coffee and juice. Second day they were able to add milk, so there was cereal for our daughter. Really not much of a breakfast. No pasty, no meat, no yogurt, no fruit, and on the second day, no toast - ran out of bread.I wouldn't in good conscience recommend St. Vincent's Guest House.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Get treated like part of the family... This is the third time in a year that I've stayed at St. Vincent's. I've always felt welcome, and now more like a part of the family.My reservations were taken care of without a hitch, and my room was ready upon my arrival as requested.I came from Minnesota where it was 40 degrees and arrived in NO to be greeted by record setting heat for this time of the year. My room hadn't been used the day before my arrival so I turned on the air as soon as I opened the door. It worked like a charm. I quickly pulled out my swimsuit and headed to the pool. It was clean and well maintained, and just what I needed to cool off.The most wondeful thing about the St. Vincent's is the ambiance. The building, typical of others built in the same time period are wonderful to see. I know it's a constant battle to keep paint looking fresh, and the overall appearance spotless. The owner and housekeeping staff do their best to make your stay a pleasant one.The FQ is a bit of a walk from St. Vincent's, but the street car is a few block walk and costs $1.25 per person each way. If you're not up for the street car or the walk the front desk staff are always more than happy to call a cab. A cab ride to the quarter costs about $6 each way, and I would suggest for anyone travelling at night in New Orleans (especially if you're like me and travel alone).Kudos to Peter, Miss Eloise, Miss Jane, and all the staff for making my stay both pleasant and memorable.I'll see y'all in the spring for French Quarter Fest.  
<Date>Nov 3, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Sphynxy
<Content>Beware of "lost" reservations I'd booked my reservation through Loney Planet's website and had an email confirmation sheet, credit card deposit payment, etc. with me, but when I called to say my flight was delayed and I would be an hour later than expected, I was told they had NO record at all of my reservation. This may happen only on busy weekends but call and make sure your reservation is set several times before you go. Of course they had no rooms available that night, my tough luck. Chances are, if you're booking St. Vincent's, you're on a budget. If it's a Friday night, good luck finding a room elsewhere for under $100. Sadly, this has happened to me before with budget hotels in New Orleans---what can you do, sue them in small claims court for $30? I'm sure the hotel is fine but beware of reservation glitches, particularly if you are traveling from a distance and intend to sleep that night!  
<Date>Oct 26, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Tincture77
<Content>Stop, cancel your reservation This place looks great on the website, but when you see your room, a dark reality will set in. The room was dirrrrrrrty. The carpet was matted with hair, dust and creepy crawlies. I discovered why when I borrowed the vaccum from the maid; the belt on her vaccum was broken, and has been broken for some time. After informing her of this she said It work fine fa me. The bedspread had mystery stains on them. I remedied this however by discovering the unlocked hotel laundry room on the floor, where I washed all the bed linnens and covers. The cruddy AC unit in the room should have came with a legionarre's disease pamphlet. The pool is full of leaves, dirt, bugs and the urine of drunken patrons (NOT KIDDING). After requesting fresh towels on the second day of our stay, they were tied to the door handle in a plastic bag, however, another guest must have needed the towels more than us. When I went to retrieve the towels all that remained on the door handle was a tattered plastic bag. I could go on for several paragraphs, but why? Bottom line; stay elsewhere unless you want to get some rare fungal skin infection from this filthy place.  
<Date>Oct 25, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>2 ladies from Germany loved the place We really loved the place, because of its charming  oldfashioned atmosphere, with interesting history. Its location between downtown and uptown - very convienient! Very friendly staff. We got the best for the price !  
<Date>Oct 17, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>was just fine! I don't know what the people writing these hysterical reviews are used to, but frankly, I was really surprised to read some of their complaints.My family (My parents, aunt  uncle, two brothers and kids and my daugher's dad) stayed in the St. Vincent for the weekend last year, booking a total of five rooms. I personally went to everyone's room and made sure that my family was being treated well. The rooms were all nice and looked like the pictures on the website. The bathrooms were updated and clean. I do think the towels could have been better but I've never gotten a hotel towel in my life that I've been excited about, even at the Four Seasons. They gave my brother a room that was actually two rooms so that they had some privacy from their three kids. The a/c was good. Now, the a/c did go on the fritz in my aunt  uncle's room and when they couldn't repair it in an hour they moved them to another nice room. The pool was sparkling and we enjoyed that as well as sitting out on the big galleries (porches) and talking and meeting other guests when we weren't out doing stuff.I would say that all hallways were not spotless but not gross. Old building, yes there were some spots on the paint. But nowhere was this place as gross and filthy as described previously. And termites and palmettos are a fact of life here, from the mansions to the ghettos, so seeing one or two is just about unavoidable.The breakfast was good. Yes, it's the same offering every day. That is a ridiculous thing to complain about when you look at all the overpriced hotel food out there. When we were there they used china and silverware, all clean, and individually packaged butter and jelly, etc.Neighborhood: If you think this is a bad neighborhood, best not to come to New Orleans AT ALL. People who do not live in integrated communities seem to take issue with the fact that New Orleans is not sanitized and whitened for your protection. Not everyone lives in a cookie-cutter bedroom community of tract homes flanked by strip malls and chain stores. This is a real neighborhood and it is about two blocks (that's called walking distance for all you suburban SUV junkies) from some very cute boutiques, etc. that should please the shopper types. I took my parents on a walk around the neighborhood and they are from a small town and were not put off. Some beautiful homes around there. And the coffee shop across the street is great.As for walking distance to the FQ: I would say that this is a bit of a trek but not a false claim, and in any case the hotel is right on a bus line and three blocks from the streetcar for $1.25 each way, or you can get a cab.Ignore the whining of a bunch of spoiled, insulated yuppie jerks or people who live for drama and get a reasonably priced room here, close enough to the French Quarter but in a quiet neighborhood. Or, stay at a generic or FQ hotel and pay three times the money for a tiny room in the noisy quarter where parking is overpriced hell. Or, fork over the serious bucks for a chichi jewel of a Garden District BB like you see on Travel Channel and be done with it. This is a basic hotel with economical rates and fascinating historical charm.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St Vincents's Redemption St Vincents is a genuinely wonderful place teeming with the unique charm and mystique of the Crescent City. P.S. please ignore the banter of the Arkie hotthead who never even stayed there in the first place. ...as if amidst traveling one never has had a mistaken charge show up on one's credit card secondary to computer error, good grief. get a life.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	3	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Lots of character I'm definately surprised by the negative reviews of this hostel. I was there last summer and was surprised that for the price of a hostel, my sister and I not only had a room to ourselves, but a bathroom as well. It wasn't the nicest place I've ever seen, but for the money I thought they gave alot. It's not the absolute cleanest place either, but I didn't see anything disgusting. The history of the building is great and it's in a nice, quiet location ideal for both the Quater and the Garden District. I definately plan on staying here again, but if you're looking for something cute, cozy and romantic, look for a BB somewhere else.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What a delight!!! St.Vincent's was a great experience. Warm, inviting, charming old New Orleans style hotel, not far from the French Quarter, safe to walk any time of the day or night, while enjoying the real New Orleans. And if you don't feel like walking, a street car is two blocks away.Room was great, too. Simple and comfortable. Air conditioned and clean. Not a 5star modern hotel, but beautiful for people who look for a true New Orleans experience. Highly recommended to everyone, and you can' t beat the price.Enjoy it!  
<Date>Sep 13, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Hostel with atmosphere My friend and I stayed at Sct. Vincents Hostel, nice big rooms, a pool in the garden, own bathroom, and a very nice atmosphere among the staff and guests. Breakfast is an option. App. 10 min. with bus or street car to the city centre.Sct. Vincents is a former orphanage, with a very sad and at the same time interesting history. It is also cheap, so just book now !  
<Date>Sep 10, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ZZZZZZZZZ
<Content>We Love St. Vincents We love St. Vincents, have been staying there every year for the past 10 years, during the Jazz  Heritage Festival. OK so the TV is not 1000 cable stations, but 5 local stations. But who's watching TV in New Orleans? Great central location, free secure parking, nice pool in the courtyard, includes full breakfast like bacon  eggs or pancakes  sausage, OJ and coffee, cereal if you want it. Our rooms have always been clean, AC working great. One time our bed sagged a bit, my wife complained and the next day they replaced it with a BRAND NEW BED. Maybe the phones don't work for half an hour or a light bulb blows, big deal, you replace it. By the time you get a new bulb from them, the phones are working. No big thing. Relax it's the Big Easy. Very nice people the staff. Great coffee shop across the street. Funky neighborhood with cool interesting shopping down Magazine St. lots of Music Clubs nearby, restaurants etc. No it is not the Marriott, but rather a European-style Guest House, in fact we've met some really interesting people there from all over the world. I had breakfast one morning with Howard Tate. Wouldn't think of staying anywhere else in New Orleans. I've stayed everywhere the Quarter, Uptown, Central Busines District, Mid-City, Airport, Fauberg-Marigny...St' Vincents Guest House in the Lower Garden District is our home away from home in New Orleans.  
<Date>Sep 8, 2004
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A charming piece of New Orleans' past! I would like to share with anyone reading this our experiences (plural) at St. Vincent's. We have stayed many times and plan on many more. We are always treated extremely well and they make us feel so welcome. We are treated as guests- St. Vincent's is a guest house! We love it!The building is quite old and we find charming. Built in 1861! It is red brick and huge- partially enclosed with a red brick fence. There are 3 floors and it has an informal courtyard with a pool. The rooms are casual with a great laid back feeling and have high ceilings. It is so nice to travel and be able to hang out. The bathrooms are large- you can spread out all your stuff!!! Great for the ladies. We enjoy meeting for the daily breakfast, which is good, hot and homemade. You can eat inside or outside overlooking the courtyard on the wrought iron furniture. Great smells! Combination of coffee and homemade pancakes!And, the best part of St. Vincent's would be the people. They are wonderful and very helpful for first time visitors. My conversations are memories to be cherished. Warm, pleasant, and polite and we are always treated with respect. Like I said- it is fun to hang out. This is New Orleans- listen to the people who live there!!!St. Vincent's is not a generic hotel- far from it! It is an experience. We like the old charm. And, they are constantly renovating because of the age.Last, but not least, is the price.....St. Vincent's is very affordable. Call and find out! We travel to New Orleans often so, therefore, we will often stay at St. Vincent's.  
<Date>Aug 27, 2004
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Yummy breakfasts, too! I want to say that the breakfasts are great, too! SERIOUS pancakes! And it was included in the price of the room. This place really is a great deal.  
<Date>Aug 26, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Satisfied customer I can't understand why there are such terrible reviews on this site about St. Vincent's. We stayed there and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. It is not the Hilton, but it is a unique property, a really beautiful building and the room was quite clean. Everything is not perfect, but it is definitely not a dump as I have read on some of these reviews. It is a nice, family run, laid back kind of a place. Perhaps Europeans are more used to such places than Americans who are used to chain hotels. I recommend St. Vincent's and suggest that you give it a try. The prices are the best we found in New Orleans and it was close to everything and was clean and friendly - what more do you want?  
<Date>Aug 23, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dirty, Filthy, Nasty, but free parking and a great coffee shop across the street I really hate to have to say anything about St. Vincent's because Peter was a genuinely nice fellow, but this joint is a dump by any standards. I've travelled extensively and do not consider myself too particular beyond requiring basic sanitation. St. Vincent's fails miserably in this regard. It was unquestionably the filthiest place I've ever stayed.The good news is that there is ample free parking in the adjacent parking lot (though the lot is unsecured so it's not much better than the street). And there is a terrific coffee shop across the street (which you'll need since you won't want to eat or drink anything from the Saint Vincent's kitchen). In short, stay somewhere else.  
<Date>Jul 21, 2004
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Warning, they falsely charged my CC WARNING! After reading ALL of the horrible online reviews of St Vincents Guest House AND hearing a first hand account from a friend who encountered condoms in the hall/stairs, bugs in their bed, urine and other questionable fluids on the walls, we CANCELLED our reservation with several weeks notice. I have my cancellation number. NOW, today I received my credit card bill and found that this place falsely charged my credit card for a stay! I not only plan on contacting St Vincents, my credit card company, but state and local authorities. This isn't some one time accident. Read these messages, others have posted similar fraudulent charges to their credit cards. This place obviously has a pattern of pulling this type of scam on tourists and should be closed down! This type of thing simply should not be allowed to happen. They charged the wrong girl, this time.  
<Date>Jul 17, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>They falsely used my credit card Do not, repeat do NOT deal with these thieves. They debited my card 6 weeks in advance without warning - when I called to see what was going on - no notice of this as they were listed on a hostel website - some lunatic screamed at me and cancelled my reservation. I had to cancel my trip - cost me the original 10% fee to the hostel booking company and had to cancel my airfare - another $100. They returned my money 5 days later.THEN, out of the blue, THEY CHARGED MY CREDIT CARD AGAIN. I had no reservation with these people, BUT, they had my card number - so they did it. Used the excuse I had not canceled.REMEMBER - they HAD canceled me - and returned my money - so this is an outright LIE. DO NOT STAY HERE, DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR CREDIT CARD NUMBER !!!  
<Date>Jul 6, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>BAD, FILTHY SERVICE Rooms  amenities looked good on webite. Got there and the people laying around on the dirty couches in the dirty lobby turned out to be employees. First room they showed us was filthy, dirty bathroom. Second room they showed us had filthy rugs with stains, sagging, springy beds and bugs. Since it was busy Essence Fest time, no other hotels available. We slept in our van!! Time for checkout in morning and no one was there to check us out. Had to leave key behind the desk!! Terrible Service!!!!!  
<Date>Jul 5, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>akazin
<Content>Revolting You are hereby warned!!! I read postings abouot this place being bad and ignored them, thinking they were posted by people who have only stayed in the Four Seasons. I thought I could tough it out, since I have slept in the mountains on many occassions, and have slept in hostels and other shady places in South America, Spain, Germany, Italy, and France.Those people who put up those postings I ignored can now say I told you so.This place was filthy. When we walked up the stairs to our room, there was garbage strewn about the hall. The carpet in our room was filthy -- various stains thorughout, stiff portions of the carpet from god knows what being spilled on it. The shower curtain had the lovely charm of mildew climbing up the inside. The curtains on the windows were covered in black dust. They only partially obscured the view of a dilapidated porch strewn with leaves, branches, coke, beer cans and other assorted trash.My wife, who is from a third world country and is not used to nice accomodations, refused to walk on the carpet or shower without shoes. The pillow case, and this is not a joke, had a printing on it that said the following:Property of Tulane ... Hospital. Removal from the hospital is a misdemeanor.There was a used plastic cup of water waiting for us when we first entered the room above the makeshift closet. As the last poster indicated, the pool was green and disgusting. There were, however, two redeeming things about this place- good water pressure and good ac. thats it. it is a total rip off for 89 bucks a night. the omni, a gorgeous hotel with full service costs 120 a night. New Orleans must be a fun town if you like to party, but do not stay here unless you're still in college or will be too smashed to give a damn about where you are staying.   
<Date>Jun 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Major ripoff!!! What a ripoff! This place is a dump with a capital D. We arrived late in the day, tired from having worked all day, catching a plane, etc. As we were driving into the neighborhood my wife asked the cab driver if he was sure he had the correct area. The photo's on the site appeared to be of a nice, charming, well maintained hotel. The driver assured us it was the correct address, dropped us off, and then sped off as quickly as he could. I didn't want to try finding another place to stay so I convinced my wife to be open-minded. We signed the form, gave our credit card and went to check out the room It was so bad my wife was ready to cry!! We tried to get them to refund our credit card but they refused. DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER STAYING HERE! I DISCOVERED THIS SITE AND THE REVIEWS TOO LATE!!!   
<Date>Jun 14, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Dump! Ripoff! Remember the movie BIG where the little boy wishes to be older and turns into a man (Tom Hanks) and goes to the city. This looks like the room he stayed in. We arrived and signed in at the desk (not being made aware that we were signing a statement that our credit card would be charged for one night if we did not stay the night for any reason). We went to our room and did not even sit on the bed. The place was nasty. The place smelled. The pool was green. We did not feel safe staying the night. The person at the front desk was notified that we would be leaving. They would not refund our money because of the statement we had unknowingly signed.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>A fair deal I have been to New Orleans several times and stayed here once. Yes, this hotel does not come with the usual fare you expect at every Days Inn or Holiday Inn but it rightly shoudn't. St. Vincent's sits on a quiet residential street in the heart of the Garden District surrounded by beautiful old French colonial style homes. If you are the type of person that wants a resort to stay at, keep looking (I would suggest the W). If you want a place to sleep and breakfast in the morning in a tourist city for less than $100 per night give it a try. You will get a real feeling for what has drawn people to this city for over 300 years.   
<Date>Jun 8, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cruisinmeli
<Content>Has possibilities A group of 4 of us stayed here last Fourth of July. It's not the worst place to stay, but there are alot better out there. At the time of our stay - we were not able to get the original rooms they had for us. They had plumbing problems and put us in different rooms. The room I was in had stains all over the carpet - looking like someone tossed their cookies  left it. From the look you can tell they recently had painted the walls. The other room had a bad musty smell and the two in that room refused to sleep under the covers. What I considered the plus side is this hotel does have character formerly being an orphanage. They do serve you breakfast and the staff is extremely nice. Unless you need something in the middle of the night  then you are on your own. There is a nice place across the street you can get coffee and such. It is close enough to walk to the convention center and town if you need to. The trolley does go by the hotel, but passed the hotel every single time  made us walk back to it. One time it was 2am in the morning. Hope this helps.  
<Date>May 27, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>For A Good Time Call... This hotel is not a high class place, but it has something all the gold trimmings in the world can't muster: Character and Ambiance. It's laid back just like New Orleans, so if you're uptight and shop at the gap, please stay away-- we don't want you there anyway. Where else could you drink absynthe and swim naked! Lese le boton roule!  
<Date>May 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>could be nice but has big problems This place could be great... charm, location, free parking, well built structure. However, they have flop house beds, the rooms are dirty (found accumulation of trash under the bed), not sure the sheets were changed (we purchased new sheets to use while there), gave up on breakfast because of dirty dishes served. It is a shame... they are so close to having a nice place.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2004
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>What is all the fuss? My wife  I just returned from our vacation. We stayed 3 nights at St. Vincent's (4-5 thru 4-7) . We knew what to expect when we made reservations. The room we were given was clean and freshly painted, There were some paint stains on the carpet around the wall, big honkin deal. The bathroom was clean and well kept.If you are looking for the Grand Palace, you will be disappointed. If you are looking for a decent place to stay, you should like it. Keep in mind, this place is old but it was clean while we were there.The big thing that confuses me is that nowhere in their adds does it mention that it is a Bed  Breakfast. It is a Hotel.I don't know what all the naysayers are fussing about. This is a nice place to stay.  
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>NASTY!!!! Pictures that are showed for this bed  breakfast are absolutely adorable! But when we arrived the carpet looked as if it had not been vacuumed in months nor had it been cleaned! The bathroom was disgusting!! We stayed 1 night and checked out the very next moring!! I live in the south and understand bugs down here, but I do not live like this at home and when on vacation I do not expect to stay in a place that is beneath my own home!! If you are a clean person and live in a clean environment, DO NOT STAY HERE!! My husband  I were absolutely disgusted, we could not get out of there fast enough!  
<Date>Apr 7, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mkymousefan5
<Content>Don't stay here!!! Our experience was a nightmare!! After about 17 hours of driving, we pulled into the pitch black parking lot in a run-down, rather scary neighborhood. We should have gone with our first instincts and turned around! However, we went inside. The halls were dirty and the carpet was disgusting. The manager did not have any evidence of our reservation. He gave us three different rooms - only to determine that they were ALREADY occupied. The next thing we knew - he pulled out a bucket of keys and dumped them onto the desk. He started going through them to find us a room. Yep - you guessed it - no key board to indicate which rooms were occupied and which were vacant. He pulled out a key and led us up a dark, dreary, filthy stairwell (the elevator didn't work) into a bleak hallway. That is as far as we went - we decided to turn around and head out. Sleeping in our car would have been better than this place!!!! We were fortunate enough to find another place at 1:00 AM. I have traveled pretty extensively, including places like Europe, Australia, and Russia - and I have NEVER seen anyplace like this - STAY AWAY is the BEST advice I could give! As for the breakfast - we did not stay to eat it- but I would not have eaten in a place so filthy anyway!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bugs!!!! Someone made a good start in turning this place into what could be a very lovely and charming place, but it obviously being mismanaged. It was absolutely filthy. We had to make our own beds, and they did not provide mattress pads or towels. There was something smeared on the bathroom wall, the floors were unvacummed, the lock on the main door was broken, and worst of all, an infestation of what they swore were termites. The termites were in my bed. I couldn't get out of there fast enough, and they did not want to refund out prepaid reservation. Had to be very assertive to get our money back. Stay as far away from this place as possible!!!!!!  
<Date>Mar 28, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>purrfect
<Content>Nasty, don't waste your time or money I found this site too late. I also had to pay but did not stay. The room was scary. Our reservation had been lost and after 10 minutes of waiting they pulled out a totally nasty room. Of course no apology. We asked to see another room and were told there were none. Of course they charged my credit card 1 nights stay and when I called to speak to a manager I got the run around and then lies and then downright nastiness. Horrible people. They had so many conflicting falsehoods from, we were shownmany rooms', to the person who made the initial reservation and never told me the cancellation policy doesn't work here anymore Very unprofessional. had to scramble around New Orleans durring a busy time to find another place clean to stay. Very upsetting when your over 1,000 miles from home.  
<Date>Mar 22, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Had to Pay, but Would Not Stay False Advertising. House and Rooms do not look anything like the pictures. Filthy, Dirty, Disgusting, Sagging Beds, Stained Carpet, Huge Cracks around the doors. We decided not to stay upon arrival, but they told we had to pay anyway. Please do not fall for the scam. It cost us $91.06.  
<Date>Mar 15, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>This is a Gem Please ignore the bad reviews for this gem of a hotel in New Orleans Garden District. The hotel is a beautifully restored orphange and a typical Southern style building. The manager, Peter is very friendly, very helpful and a great personality. As are all the staff friendly. The breakfasts are good and cooked as you wait and the rooms are all airy and well-maintained. And the price is very much right - excellent value.We had a delightful stay and opted to stay on another night so this'll tell you something - and we're experiencing all sorts of hotels in travelling across the States from end to end.I can't recommend this place highly enough: close to the city centre, in a safe and beautiful neighbourhood, friendly and excellent value. I'm telling all my friends.  
<Date>Mar 14, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Worst hotel stay of my life!!!! This place was awful beyond belief! For over a hundred dollars we stayed for one night. The room smelled damp and musty, they didn't have any towels in the room. When we asked for some, they gave us one bath towell and two hand towels for three people to share! No pillows on one bed, damp beadspreads and I wasn't sure the sheets were clean, and nasty carpeting. The bathroom was clean, but no shower curtain and uneven water temperature. I can't believe they call themselves a guesthouse. Believe the reviews people and stay away. They are about 15-20 minutes away from the french quarter, trust me, it would be better to drive in and park, than to stay there. Stay Away!!!!  
<Date>Mar 11, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>petaminNo1
<Content>absolutely disgusting! A crack house is cleaner. Im a good sport, but this place defies description; condom wrappers on the staircase, pee stains (and I mean adult) on the sheets, every wall surface had what looked to be some a mixture of boogers, blood, or other body fluids, there were bugs everywhere, both dead and alive - the place was absolute filthy. Even better, the front desk person tried to tell us that our double room should be double the price I would sleep in my car before I would stay here. Absolutely horrible.  
<Date>Mar 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>mardi gras 2004 it was mardi gras, there was a 15 minute walk to the parades, but it was cheap. and there was free parking. and we could come and go as we please. but they did give 3 of us 1 queen sized bed to share, we were too drunk to realise til after though and they over charged us from the original internet qoute. take your email receipt with you!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Disgusting! This hotel is without a doubt, the most disgusting hotel I've ever stepped foot in! (I travel for a living!) The reservations were wrong, The 5 different rooms I looked at were filthy, gross, and had no fully operational plumbing! I was promised my money back, yet have yet to receive credit for the room. Congratulations to St. Vincent's, you scammed me out of $112!!! Please, do yourself a favor, don't even book yourself a room at this rat trap!  
<Date>Jan 8, 2004
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good time in New Orleans We arrived late, (1am), but they kept the front desk open for us and checked us right in. The manager in the morning was very friendly and helpful with booking tours. I had the best pancakes ever for breakfast. Our room was quiet and clean and quite pretty. I would really recommend this place to anyone who wanted to save a bit of money while staying in New Orleans. With the money saved on accommodation, I was able to go to Emeril's for dinner, which I probably couldn't have afforded if I had been paying over $100 a night for a hotel.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	3	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great deal! I highly recommend this lowkey, relaxed little hotel. Friendly staff, nice rooms, close to the Quarter and the Garden District. For the same price you would have to stay way out in the outer suburbs and you get a great breakfast as well - it seems like a great deal.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2003
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>You would be better off staying at the bates motel   showReview(1511962, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>No worse than the rest of that crappy town   showReview(1485090, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 13, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Nice place if you aren't a uptight snob!   showReview(1435343, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 3, 2003
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Unsafe    showReview(1128861, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 5, 2003
<Rating>1	2	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>would not give me a refund after I cancelled   showReview(1127155, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 3, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wesbw
<Content>mixed   showReview(1090224, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 16, 2003
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Revoltingly comical   showReview(993664, 'full');   
<Date>May 10, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Don't bother to bring a bathing suit.....   showReview(931898, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>St. Vincent not so great.   showReview(921622, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 20, 2003
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>nightmare at st vincents   showReview(830737, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 2, 2003
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

