<Author>finn11
<Content>Nikko Is Perfecto!" This is a first class, not to be missed hotel in the Nusa Dua area. What鈥檚 special about this place is its setting. It occupies a unique and exclusive position on the long coastal beach of Nusa Dua. There are approx 20 or so first class 5 star hotels all along this particular beach and it stretches for some distance but what sets this one apart is the fact that it is THE last hotel on the southern most tip of Nusa Dua. Because of the way the beach bends round the coast, this hotel is 'around the corner' as it were, protected by dramatic cliffs and coves and so is completely cut off from all the rest, effectively giving it its own private, dramatic beach setting. The waves are more excitable, the sand whiter and more powder like and the views just stunning. All the other hotels, including hotels of such ilk as the St Regis and Conrad resorts all share the same 'side by side' somewhat uniform beach front setting. As good as this beach is on its own anyway, none of them can match the Nikko's more dramatic and simply more beautiful location. All that said the rooms, restaurants, garden areas, lobby and general service from the staff are not compromised at all. 5 Star it is and 5 Star is what you get in all areas. It simply is infallible in my opinion. And even more impressive is its price, by far so much cheaper than most along this coast and as said, a much more impressive and exclusive setting. A 5 min taxi ride will take you to the main drag or strip of the Nusa Dua area itself and 25 mins to Kuta.There are so many more compliments to pay, its spa was fantastic, the beach front restaurant and late night bar, perfect.Sipping cocktails in lounge chairs and sofas 5 meters from the lapping waves under the stars was a scene I long to go back to. I had lunch at the St Regis, drinks at the Bulgari and walked along the beaches of Nusa Dua generally. I will be going back to the Nikko no question. Trust me you will not find a better setting along Nusa Dua. Perfecto!  
<Date>Dec 18, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>shashaSydney
<Content>Loved the Nikko       The view at Happy hour  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TinaYoung
<Content>Beautiful and secluded I booked a package through an agent which included airfare, hotel, and breakfast. I woke up in the morning to thousands of birds singing (loudly) below my window and the ocean off in the distance. The rooms were immaculate and the hotel property itself beautifully kept. I found that a number of people at the front desk whom I spoke to didn't understand English, and it takes a little while to get the message across. I also found that people were generally more polite to me when I dressed up versus dressed down - I wanted to go running (make a right out the front door and down the mountain about a mile and a half is a little town with scattered shops) and asked the front desk as to where I can go. She impatiently told me to just go run on the street. I came back from running and asked her where the beach was and once again got a rushed answer. After I showered and changed into a dress, I went and asked her where the business center was... and surprisingly she was plesant when speaking - I wondered then if she didn't recognize me.Location-wise, you're close to a lot of watersports and the hotel will plan your travel to and from local beaches (as long as you pay for an activity - one guy said he'd put me on the back of his scooter/vespa and take me scuba diving). There is a beach at the hotel, but no watersports available. Overall, the hotel is a bit secluded but if you're looking to stay on the resort, it's a nice place to go.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>porrasc
<Content>Manager disgrace to hotel The first time when we stayed at this 5* Hotel it was magical, we thought that the second time will be even better, we flew a long way from South Africa to Bali, when we arrived the room was not ready, we are tired and still had to wait over an hour for a room after travelling for 15 hours, nobody was willing to assist, eventually the French Manager was called and said that if we don't keep quite he will phone security and chuck us out, after we paid in full months before the holiday, he also told my husband to shut [-] up about construction going on at the hotel, the agent did not even know about, the agreed to upgrade the room, but it was right opposite the construction site, construction started at 09:00 in the morning until 22:00 at night every day even over weekends, our whole holiday was ruined, my agent in South Africa even contacted the agent in Bali to relocate us to another hotel, they refused, they said we should pay upfront for another hotel and will then be refunded by Nikko Bali 3 months later, the manager is a total disgrace to the hotel, and they should really look into customer services, if it's not for the tourist then halve of people in Bali would be out of jobs including the manager, after my trip I would not recommend this hotel ever again!!!!  
<Date>Nov 22, 2008
<Rating>2	3	5	5	4	1	3	2	

<Author>jbebb
<Content>Loved the Nikko for our Wedding What a beautiful and stress-free week leading up to our wedding at the Nikko Bali. Overall the staff were sensational and even though it was a big hotel we always felt the service was friendly and attentive.Our wedding coordinator arranged the most beautiful wedding and evening reception for us... it exceeded expectations and we had a great time. The only complaint was that the evening went too quickly!The rooms had been recently re-furbed and the bathrooms were huge. Our party of around 30 people ate at the hotel, in various restaurants, throughout the week and they all raved about the food and the cocktails. We arranged a fabulous private driver to take us around Ubud for the day which we would like to HIGHLY recommend to anyone. His name is Dewa Alita -- Mobile: 08124699691 Email: dewa_alita@yahoo.com. He was a genuinely nice guy who was really freindly, great english and an extensive knowledge of Ubud and the rest of the region. We ended up using him to later drive us North to Tembok (around 2-3 hr drive) and again to Jimbaran (4 hrs). If you are interested in buying and shipping Balinese furniture and handiwork back to your country, he's also experienced in scouting the stores and arranging shipping, so he knows all the best places to go in Ubud.Thanks Nikko for a great week and the pleasant memories of our overseas wedding.  
<Date>Nov 18, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>indie-asia
<Content>Excellent hotel with beautiful beach       Swimming Pool View  
<Date>Nov 17, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>broknfish
<Content>Beautiful Property, Expensive Food Stayed here for 4 nights and had a wonderful time. The staff is on the ball the whole time and always helpful. Delivered a high level of service throughout the entire property. The pool is incredible and you can easily wade around in it all day. Lots of variety offered by all the restaurants on property. The only thing I was surprised about was the price of food. In some cases, I saw a markup of over 300% on food/beverage compared to what could be found off property. $20 for the buffet? $16 for a hamburger? $30 for a steak? You could find the same kind of meals outside of the property for a 1/10th of the price. But other than that, very beautiful hotel.  
<Date>Nov 15, 2008
<Rating>4	2	5	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>Cynical_Pete
<Content>Nice location but several buts.... I stopped at the Nikko from 19th-25th Aug 2008 with my Thai girlfriend. I had spent 5 days in the fantastic Dusit Thani in Phuket two weeks earlier and frankly this hotel nearly spoilt my first visit to Bali ( I have been back since and rented a private villa in Seminyak - for less than stopping at the Nikko - which was an altogether better experience)Whilst there are things to commend about the hotel - beautiful grounds/ pools, excellent rooms, fantastic Sushi in the Japansese restaurant - there were several things I found to be quite/seriously annoying that I feel I should make potential guests aware of. I'm a bit of an Anorak and, sadly, tend to read the In-House 'Brochure'. In the Nikko it seems water is an issue. Whilst making a point that the tap water meets WHO quality levels they somehow recommend that you don't drink it. And then explain that they provide 2 bottles of mineral water a day and any additional water should be ordered and paid for from guest services. And there is me thinking that the WHO states fresh potable water is a basic human right. Let alone in a 4* hotel.Next is the statement that (I paraphrase) 'No food or drink bought from outside the Hotel is permitted on the Hotel premises'. This is clearly nonsense of the first order and not something I chose to any notice of, but, I think says something of the mentality of the place.Now, given that you aren't allowed to bring food in (and the Brochure makes a point of saying that contravention of rules may end in eviction), you would expect that you wouldn't want for comfort whilst there. Wrong. Despite doing everything to discourage people leaving the hotel grounds or even accepting that there is a Bali outside of Nusa-Dua they didn't actually have enough sunbeds for the number of guests they have. And they explained this away as 'we are busy this week' and 'its sunny so everyone wants a sunbed'. I'm not in the Hotel business but as far as I can discern Bali is busy every week, and pretty sunny year-round.Penultimately the food. The Japanese restaurant apart it would best be described as 'average'. And I'm afraid to say that having spent 6 months in Singapore and having had the good fortune to visit Thailand twice, Malaysia, Bintan, and Bali twice, 'average' just doesn't cut it in this part of the world. Especially when you are paying 'Western City' prices in a country that has good food at bargain prices (though buying it might get you thrown out of the Nikko of course)One last gripe. My girlfriend and I wanted to hire a car with a driver for a day. The hotel quoted $125 for 8 hrs. Thankfully my girlfriend had picked up a flyer at the airport with an offer of 12hrs for $45. To be fair the hotel booked this alternate supplier for us without complaint, and we were fortunate enough to get a driver who spoke great English, had a story to tell about Bali - both historical and present - and took us on a fantastic tour. So good in fact we booked him for another full day. Ultimately I gave most of the difference between his companies price and the hotel price to him as a tip. And I felt good about it.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>1	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>hondastream
<Content>Nikko Bali Club, simply the best !! We stayed @ Nikko Bali Club and we were very impressed by the level of services offered by staff members of the club lounge.It is simply one of the best club lounge that I have been to and we would like compliment the friendliness and efficiency of the staffs, who made our stay in Nikko Bali a memorable one.  
<Date>Oct 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>SanDiegoSoCal
<Content>Great Resort All the reviews are true! For our honeymoon, we stayed in a club room that the deck had private steps to a pool. The service is great, friendly staff that will help with every need. I'd highly recommend the club level which provides a great breakfast (menu and buffet), varied and plentiful snacks/appetizers (high quality) all day and free cocktails in the evening. Private pool and cabanna's and 5 star service. The staff are the friendliest and I've been around the world and haven't had better.The beach waves are rough if you swim - we actually saw a rescue for 2 people. They were successfully saved by the Nikko Bali lifeguards. However, the waves are beautiful to watch from any vantage point from the hotel - similar to Hawaii. If you like to swim I'd recommend a short trip to Jimbaran bay where it is much calmer.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BrisbaneVincent
<Content>Amazing pool Had a terrific time at the Nikko. Pool area was amazing with lots of activities, and the water slide was actually quite fun.Beautiful views from the ocean view rooms.It is a bit isolated from all the other hotels and it's outside the tourist enclave but it was really great over all.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>flyeaater
<Content>great holiday Just had 2 weeks at nikko and what a great time.They have just finished construction of a new restaraunt and its great.We discovered if you treat the balinese with respect and kindness its returned a 100 times over ,but if you treat them like dogs you will recieve the minimal service.Nice to get back to nikko in the evenings away from the hustle and bustle but its only 5 minites and a $3 cab ride to nusa dua for great food and shopping.If you are looking to party every night then this is not the place for you.IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GREAT HOLIDAY,RELAXING AND VALUE FOR MONE  
<Date>Sep 26, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>MJChile
<Content>Pretty hotel, but I wouldn't go back The good:Hotel is beautifulRooms are spotless, and very nicely decoratedThey have a pool with a slide, which my sons really enjoyedThey have a nice Balinese dance show with a buffet included, but the food is not very good.The bad:The prices at the restaurant are exorbitant and you are so far away from everything that you are stuck with their restaurants. The food is Ok, but nothing special.The beach is nice, but it has currents and waves so strong, that makes it impossible for children to swim in, and only a few adults were brave enough to get in. I must admit it was entertaining to see people try to hold on to their bathing suits though :-)Although the place is very pretty, it feels very dry and not welcoming, there are much better deals in Bali. I don't think I'd ever go back.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2008
<Rating>3	1	4	1	5	3	1	3	

<Author>Balilass
<Content>Loved to Nikko Stayed at the Nikko with my husband for 10 days in September, on request the hotel arranged VIP VOA for us at a reasonable rate ($50 well spent) . The hotel and grounds very impressive and an abundance of extremly attentive and friendly staff to assist at every opportunity. The security was excellent and we were never concerned about our safety as every car into the place was checked for bombs by the security staff. The room was large and very clean with every amenity except a clock which would have been handy. We received 4 free bottles of drinking water daily. On the 2nd night the people in the room above were very noisy and on complaining we were immediately moved to another room which had undergone a recent reno and was even better than the first. Even though room was serviced every morning with fresh linen, at evening the trolley came round again to replensh room with fresh towels and toileteries and water, tea, coffee etc as required. The pool area was amazing though a long walk from the North and South wings (cheaper rooms) Would recommend a Tower Room which overlooks the pool area and it is not such a hike. There were plenty of pool lounges for everyone and we never had to search for a spot. The lagoon pool is fantastic and huge(biggest I have ever seen) and we often were the only ones swimming in the area we selected -because it was so big it seemed very quiet. Aerobics and other water activities took place every morning accompanied by music - though not over loud to bother us. The private beach was a bonus but never used it as the sand very coarse and difficult to walk on - but never needed the ocean anyway with the fanstastic pool area.On the downside the hotel is located a long way out of the village of Nusa Dua, however we found all the local restaurants only to willing to provide free transport from and to the hotel for meals - and Bali Collection provided a free bus service to and from the complex. Another negative was the buffet breakfast, we ate at the Tao Lin restaurant and while there was a huge variety of food, the Western choices were limited - also tried the Celebrities restaurant on another day but found that to be even worse with a lot of the food cold. We discused this with the hotel management and put in a suggestion to provide more choice of western food so maybe that will improve in the future.All in all the Nikko was a memorable experience and we would certainly recommend this resort to those looking for a little luxury in Bali.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pumpapple2002
<Content>Loved the Breakfast Five Star hotel.Parking area was ample and secure.Make us feel very safe.Lovely room (Garden View).Interior was 90's but still looks very good.Room was well maintained.Air Con works perfectly.Plenty of swimming pools.If you want your private beach(own by Nikko only and not sharing the beach with any othe hotels),this hotel is your choice.Breakfast buffet was excellent (Continental and Oriental range).We were visited by a restaurant manager and she asked about their overall service in their hotel and restaurants.Plan to visit this hotel again in 2008.BUT if you are a party ;pver kind of tourist who loves to hang out to nearest bars and cafes,this is not a suitable hotel since its position is a bit far from any of those.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	3	5	4	5	3	

<Author>Finnkiwi
<Content>Nice Hotel, Shame about the construction       Pooa area with offending construction  
<Date>Jul 30, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	4	3	3	4	4	

<Author>elisa74
<Content>the best in Bali Nikko, the best in Bali..We had 15 days trip in Bali. Coming from Europe, we spent our first night at Nikko in a club room. This room and the facilities included are excellent. We trevelled all Bali for 5 nights in different places, all 5 stars resorts, including Maya Resort and Spa in Ubud, but every night, we desired to be soon back at Nikko.On our 2nd ck-in they gave us a club room, we loved this week at the club lounge. The staff is very friendly and ready to offer any solution to your problems. Mr Tarma, club lounge director, and avery member of is staff, from the poll boys, to the in club staff, were super. We had all day snacks, and the quality and the presentation was wounderfull. During the day, you could lay down on the cabanas, ocean view, with everything you could desire. We are looking forward to go back to Nikko and we will promote it to our friends. If you go to Bali please choose Nikko, a little place in eaven. Mrs and Mr Arrigo  
<Date>Jun 24, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>oonagh1
<Content>Benefits of "Club" at the Nikkobali but wait till building finished! We booked one week in Nikko Bali but due to the building work moved to the Hyatt on second day BUT....read on...When we first complained that we were not happy with the amount of maintenance work going on continually the Guest Manager and his entire team made every effort to make our stay more enjoyable. We were immediately moved to larger room with terrace and upgraded to CLUB This was excellent the service truly sincere and the breakfast and service with snacks and drinks all day was worth every penny we would have had to have paid. However the noise was not bearable so we decided to move to the Grand Hyatt. We upgraded ourselves to the Club but the service and facilities of the Hyatt did not compate with the Nikkobali at all! In short would definitely go back to Nikko and use Clubrooms and facilities But before you go check the building work has finished particularly those going on on the beach/pool side. While your there make sure you go to restaurant Boomboo Bali in Nusa Dua the food was outstanding and authentic and you can even book cookery lessons! Ger out of the tourist zone and shop and enjoy a different world of smiles!  
<Date>Jun 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	5	

<Author>girliemomma
<Content>The ultimate honeymoon We wanted to go someplace that we likely would not go again (it took us 32 hours to get there)- so Bali seemed reasonable (we stayed for 2 weeks and including our airfare it was less than if we'd gone to Mexico or the Carribean)The Nikko Bali was the most opulent place I have ever stayed- the floors were dark polished hardwood with the most comfortable king sized bed I had ever, and have since slept on. The bathroom was HUGE!! a corner glass shower, a hue soaker tub, sink, toilet- beautiful tile.The beach was fantastic, the pools were out of this world. Our package included a daily breakfast buffet- which varied only slightly from one day to the next- but the food was consistenly good. The first night we were so tired after our epic journey, we figured we'd eat at the hotel- the theme of the night was Italian- which was served buffet style- it was OK- but that's all I can say about it- we just about croaked though when they brought the bill that was slightly over $100!! for a buffet!!!- We panicked a little, thinking we were going to have to eat one meal a day (our free breakfast)- because there's no way we'd budgeted for $100 dinners each night for 2 weeks.The next morning, after breakfast we headed down to the beach- and after awhile noticed a little grass shack- at the end of the beach- just off the Nikko property (it might not still be there,...)- anyway, we got two huge servings of Nasi goreng and several litre sized bottles of Bintang beer for less than $10- ah ha!! We weren't going to starve!!The same day, we discovered for a very small cab fair ($2-3) we could take a cab down the hill into Nusa Dua for dinner- there were several restaurants to choose from- all were good- some were very much better than others, however. Kuta was also about a $7 cab ride which took about 30mins.Anyway, WE LOVED THE HOTEL- it was superb in every way- and we are so glad we made the journey to the other side of the world so we could experience it.  
<Date>May 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>SandyTO
<Content>Beautiful and Friendly Nikko Bali! We stayed in the Nikko Bali for six nights in April. We were a part of a group of five Americans that stayed in three rooms. All of us had an Ocean View room. The room was very nicely decorated, comfortable, clean, with a balcony view of the pools, beach, and ocean. I found the hotel to be just as beautiful as the photographs on it's website! We had a choice of hotels with the package deal from Singapore Airlines and I chose this hotel after reviewing each hotel's website and reading reviews of each. Everyone in my group was thrilled with my choice of hotel!The staff of the Nikko Bali is very friendly and service oriented. They all knew our names by the second day and greeted us by name each time they saw us. They went out of their way to help us or to answer our questions. We were invited to a manager's reception the third night at the hotel and really enjoyed meeting other guests at the hotel.Security at the hotel is one of the best the security expert in our group has seen both in the US and abroad. Others have noted the security in their reviews so I will not recount the details.We loved the breakfast that came with our room rate. It had such a variety of food. We were able to eat a late lunch each day. The service at breakfast was speedy and efficient no matter how many people entered the room at one time. It was a wonderful start to each day.We ate at three of the special night dinners - beach seafood barbeque, salsa night, and the dinner theater with traditional dance. The food was good and served buffet style. The hotel is some distance from stores and other restaurants. I hired a driver for each of our days so this was not a problem for us.Would we go back to the Nikko Bali again? Without a doubt! We loved this hotel!!  
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ToddandMindy
<Content>Best Hotel in the World       View from Our Room  
<Date>May 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DrewSeymour
<Content>what a great place! We stayed in this hotel in Feb鈥?8 and had a fantastic holiday.I upgraded our holiday from a garden room to a beach room before we arrive as a surprise for my partner, but when we arrived we found that we鈥檇 been upgraded again by the Hotel, to a beach front suite!! It was fantastic with spectacular views of the complex, beach and sea! The food, the staff, the view, the beach鈥ou couldn鈥檛 ask for more.If you can afford to upgrade to the executive rooms, it鈥檚 well worth it. The extras you get as part of this package are excellent. The executive club was simply great. The staff welcome you at the door and can鈥檛 do enough for you during your stay. It鈥檚 a really personal service by really lovely people!We used all the facilities (including the spa) and enjoyed them all. There was some modernisation going on of some of the facilities, which is good to see. It means that the Hotel owners value updating what is a lovely hotel, keeping pace with it鈥檚 competitors.I know the above is quite gushy, but believe me, I travel the world with my job and stay in top class 4  5 star hotels and this one is at the top of my list.My best wishes go to all the staff.Drew  
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>MelbourneDave99
<Content>Very nice I went to Nikko Bali on holiday in November 2007. It is a lovely and very large hotel complex right on a clifftop, in Nusa Dua.The staff are very helpful and attentive. The spa is professional and very pleasant, if a bit pricy by Bali standards. The rooms are spacious, the bed was enormous, and the air conditioning worked well. 2 bottles of water were provided complimentary each day. The rooms were teak floored, and the balcony had a lovely view. Ordered room service once and it arrived quickly with a smile. The breakfast buffet is delicious, has great variety, and meant I could skip lunch every day! I recommend getting a rate which includes it.The hotel lobby is situated on top of a cliff, with some buildings on top of the cliff, and the main building built at the base of the cliff. This meant fantastic views across the ocean from the lobby, and the top of the main building has an observation area which is nice. The pool area has 3 pools, an artificial beach, and a waterslide, it's very pretty and nice.The hotel is very secure, set back from the road. Like most hotels in Bali nowadays, all cars are visually checked both underneath and in the trunk before being allowed entry.We paid around 100 euro a night, this is expensive by Bali standards but cheap for the 5 star standard we experienced.One downside is the relative isolation of the hotel. Already Nusa Dua is half an hour by taxi from Kuta or Jimbaran. Nikko is not in the main area of Nusa Dua but 5-10 minutes drive south. Nusa Dua itself is a bit antiseptic and it's mostly tourists. There is a small town about 5 minutes by taxi from Nikko, this is much more lively, but still quite small. You can't really walk anywhere from Nikko, the only way to get in and out of the hotel is by taxi or private car. The cost isn't a problem, taxis are very cheap (30 mins = 50,000Rp = $5), just the time factor is a bit of a drain.I really liked the 5 star nature and easy, relaxed atmosphere at Nikko. The pool area is great, the staff are lovely, and the views are great. But it got a bit claustrophobic that I'd have to order a taxi to go anywhere, and that Kuta is so far away. So if you're looking for nights of bars and restaurants and walking around, don't stay in Nusa Dua. If you're looking for a great cheap 5 star experience, and don't mind being cocooned a bit, it's great!  
<Date>Apr 12, 2008
<Rating>5	4	4	3	4	5	5	5	

<Author>iamatraveler
<Content>Nice hotel, but far from true Bali The staff was very friendly, the hotel clean and beautiful, and the pool area and beachfront very nice. Overall, we had a nice experience at the Nikko Bali, it's just not our kind of hotel.It was very far from any sites, restaurants, bars, activities in Bali, so if you want to be a part of the action, don't stay here. And, you're limited to the Chinese, Japanese, and International restaurants onsite, with only one bar area that was quiet almost every night we were there.The other negative to the hotel is the pricing. The food and drinks were at US prices, or even higher. To have a beer in Bali proper, it would cost you less than $1 US...To have a beer at the Nikko Bali, it would cost you over $5 US. They didn't have a bottle of wine for less than $35 US, and mixed drinks were over $7 US. Needless to say, it was very significantly overpriced. You're paying the price for the safety of a resort further away from the action, and it's just not worth the up-charge.But, if you're a family looking for a relaxing vacation, it appeared the poolside activities were good for kids, and it did seem a very safe place to stay. If you're willing to pay the price - while the room prices may seem reasonable, your final bill will be huge with food and drink considered.  
<Date>Apr 6, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	2	3	3	4	1	

<Author>vprimush
<Content>Experience in Nikko I have stayed in a lot of 4-5 stars hotel, check in time is 12. this hotel check in time is 15 or 16.I arrived at 14:00 and being told my room was upgraded to poolside room (I booked oceanview king bed). Feel quite happy till we found out what poolside room really mean.We ended up insisted to get oceanview (after 2 phonecall + arguing - we were informed it is available but need to be cleaned up). Waiting another 1,5 hours (do one need such long time to clean 1 room?) - another 2 phonecalls till finally we can enter our booked room - we wasted 3 hours to wait till finally can settle down and start enjoying our vacation.View and hotel facility in fantastic!breakfast was average - nothing special and I expected something better than that for 5 star hotels.hotel location is remote and hotel doesn't provide any shuttle to popular destination like kuta (Riz Carlton does).We gave above average only because of the view and facility.  
<Date>Mar 24, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	3	4	4	5	-1	

<Author>MelbourneMezza
<Content>Fantastic Pool Stayed at the Nikko Bali in 1998. The place still looks the same. It was brilliant. Had an ocean view room and got a great deal as the Japanese economy was taking a bit of a dive at the time. My husband, who normally like to trip around, was happy just a muck about in the pool and sit on the stool at the pool bar,indulge in a spa or stroll along the beach . It was more than quick walk into Nusa Dua but only a short cheap taxi ride. We did not eat at the hotel at all but had brunch each morning at the local cafe's etc. The Nusa Dua market was great place to shop - no hastles as in Kuta.  
<Date>Mar 6, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>LisaScully
<Content>The best of forth stay so far This is my forth stay at the nikko bali and one of the best so far. The improvements you have made around the complex over last 3 - 4 years will invite me back once again in the future. First time stay in pool access room - fabolous, well maintain and exceptional pool surroundings. Utilized spa facilities again for first time - simply the best. . Many thanks to all of your wonderful entusiastic staff.  
<Date>Feb 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>wendypo5
<Content>Luxury We have stayed @ Nikko Bali twice. Our family is heading back again late Jan 2008. The hotel has a very quiet ,relaxed  tropical atmosphere. Its a 40 min drive to Kuta so not good if you want to shop everyday or visit the Night Clubs . I would recommend the POOL VIEW ROOM just because its close to the pool  has a fantastic view of the Indian Ocean. GARDEN VIEW ROOM is still very nice but, to access the pool you will need good walking shoes - as its a fair distance. The childerns program Jungle Camp is a winner! Its open 9am - 6pm where everyday has a new adventure for the kids. The Hotel food is very good  thats from my fussy husband  8 year old - especialy the Pizza! A HUGE 5 star hotel with breathtaking views.  
<Date>Jan 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	3	5	4	

<Author>Nige22
<Content>Not Impressed at all ! Not Impressed with Hotel, does not deserve 4 star rating.After initial positive impression, very nice location, gardens etc.The hotel room turned out to be 'tired' in need of refit, especially bathroom. Air Con never worked properly despite many requests to have it fixed.Most of the time there were more waiters than guests as we went in low season and we have to admit they were incredibly polite but no eye contact so we were left waiting for drinks, service, bills etc.Food in the restaurants was terrible yet very expensive. The service in the chinese restaurant was shocking, we've never seen someone put on a latex glove to shred a duck before! In the end spent most nights eating out at the Bali Collection shopping mall just a short taxi ride away as did most of the other guests - finally figured out why there was no atmosphere in the hotel.This hotel does not deserve its 4 star rating, only 3 at most !  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>cecaque
<Content>What a place to relax! A few years ago, my family decided to go to Bali and stay at Nikko in Nusa Dua, Bali. It was the best hotel I've ever stayed! The hotel has a massive swimming pool complete with it's own pool bar, and it's just located next to the beach so you can access the beach at any given time. And given its location, there was no street vendor bugging you while you're sunbathing or walking on the beach.The location of Nikko itself is rather far from the main attraction in Bali such as Kuta beach, but this hotel has pretty much everything you need. It actually took us a quite while before we can explore the whole hotel as it is quite large! The hotel also has a tower in which you can watch the sunrise in the morning appearing from the ocean; a stunning view I'll never forget.The buffet breakfast serve in this hotel was also really good! It offered a wide selection of variety of food, not just the usual buffet menu. It has different types of breads, cereals, danish, delicatessen, hot food and made-to-order omelet. The service is just top quality, the staff were very polite, helpful and attentive. I would absolutely love to go back to this hotel and enjoy myself over there.  
<Date>Dec 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>joggerTokyo
<Content>5 time visitor...tells it's own story First the obvious: don't stay here if you wish to go clubbing in Kuta/Sanur...you're at least a (hair raising) 30 minute drive away from the action. We first visited Nikko Bali in '02, and are about to go back for the 5th time...and this from a family that never revisit the same place twice as a rule. The approcach to the property is memorable, the reception beautifully set out, and the cliff top setting is stunning. We find the staff to be among the best we've ever encountered, especially with the children, and they will always know/remember if you have previously visited and upgrade you where possible. Rooms are large and comfortable (insist on Tower or South Wing rooms...North Wing a bit of a hike). Breakfast is a pretty vast spread covering Western and Asian cuisine, and the pool menu is the usual mix of snack food. Although the Japanese and Chinese restaurants are good quality, we always grab a cab into Pantai Mengiat (5-10 minutes...usd 2-3), where any of the ridiculously cheap restaurants will run you home (Ullam, Mai Mai, and El Pirata the best). The pool is terrific with a sand-bottomed area, the beach quite clean (strong waves/currents though). Recommend a day at WaterBom if you have children, and definitely go out to Ku De Ta for a meal with your partner. Overall, I believe this is one of the best hotels in the region for a break of up to 1 week...especially at the price.  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gismo
<Content>Loved the Nikko       water feature  
<Date>Dec 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>doydy
<Content>Excellent Resort!       Room  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	3	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Gez_egen
<Content>Great honeymoon place We stayed for 6 nights for our honeymoon. There was a honeymoon package for 3 nights, and we take two packages so we have two romantic dinner and balinese massage. We stayed at deluxe beach front room. The room is quite spacious and clean with teak floor and a balcony. It has a view of the sea and the pool. At august Bali is quite windy so there was wave sound during the night. The staff is very hepful and friendly. They always smile and try to help you. The breakfast is good for a 5* hotel, lots of choices to eat. There was an airport-hotel transfer at the package which is quite helpful. Balinese massage was a tranquilizer. At romantic dinner they pick you from your room with music and women spead flowers to your path. There was a private table near the sea with your private waiter. The food was exotic and they give you souvenirs like a small book covered with dried leaves which is the menu with your names on it. That was really romantic. We take tours from the hotel lobby to tour the island. The tours are really good. The hotel is at an isolated place but you can go anywhere by taxi which is quite cheap. At morning and afternoon there is tide so we go to pool which is quite good with a sandy shore and a water slide.  
<Date>Oct 16, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Jazzy66
<Content>Bit disappointing We picked the Nikko Bali after looking at several hotel's websites and the facilities that they offered.The Nikko Bali website states it offers a kids club, tennis courts, water sports etc and it looked ideal as we were staying for a week with our 10yr old son and the facilities looked great.However, BEWARE, because when you do actually get there these are all at ADDITIONAL cost and this is not stated on the website. The costs are pretty expensive for these extra things as well so we felt mislead by the information on the website.The room was very nice, the service was fantastic, however, as it's been previously mentioned by other reviews, you do have to check the bills thoroughly because they don't 50% discount the child's meal when eating with adults so watch out for this.The pool areas are excellent, good swim up bar and the pool slide keeps children and adults entertained !The food is well presented, however, is on the expensive side. The breakfast is very good, however, the breakfast dining area is way too small and when you have lots of people in the room all trying to get to the buffet it is a bit frustrating. You have people all clambering to get food in the same area and it also can be dangerous with people wandering around with knives in their hands ! The omelettes which were cooked for you by the chefs were great, however, this was definatley a good pushing and shoving area !Overall, a nice hotel with good views, fantastic staff but all the additional costs are very disappointing and we will not be going back.  
<Date>Oct 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>RusselHewitt
<Content>We were treated like royalty Club staff provided excellent service and attention to detail. The breakfast was exceptional, we were treated like royalty. I would definitely choose the club option. The brand new room of Nikko Club was excellent. The Balinese buffet at the Kupu - Kupu was excellent. The food in the other outlets was a little disappointing, but it's ok. however we had been to the living room at Kudeta and Laluciola so maybe we are a little biased. Overall a beautiful resort with attention to detail.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	3	

<Author>gtlover
<Content>great resort best so far with young kids We have just returned from the Nikko on the 18th August 2007 from Western Australia and we had the best time and we have been to many hotels around the world.This time we took our two kids boy 15 months and girl 4.5 years the staff where excellent with the kids and they had a great time, well recommended for families with young or old kids doesnt matter the Nikko staff are great.The kids pool with a beach is excellent for small kids and the other pools were brillant.The hotel was very good, clean, ammenties were well maintained, the location and views are spectacular from the rooms to the pools.The food in the restaurants were great and we ate their nearly every day, great variety and the costs were resonable.We have rebooked for next year and tell everyone we know to stay there whilst in Bali.We found Bali especially Kuta a lot quieter hardly any hawkers and the Balinese people are so friendly and kind its a real pity that a small minority group have caused so much heart ache there and we had several Balinese people appologising for the bad things that happened , its not their fault and I would strongly recommend going to Bali to everyone I know in the future.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>AndreSteinbrink
<Content>Perfect vacation We like to stay in your beautiful hotel and enjoy the beauty of this resort, the garden with all the flowers, the pool and beach. All staff members are very kind and make us feel like the most important guest. We found the best service among nikko hotel chain. I will recommend this htel to my family. Thank you for perfect vacation.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	3	

<Author>PrueKC
<Content>Mixed Feelings Hi all, I stayed at the Nikko in late June 2006. I booked through a travel agent, but was sold on the magnificent pool and grand looking hotel structure! The hotel design is AMAZING, the foyer entrance is on the top of the cliff and the view allows you to see right down the cliff to the hotel and around the peninsula.I of course realised that Nusa Dua is away from Kuta, as I had wanted, but didn't realise it was about a 45 min car ride away! The Nikko is right at the end of the peninsula, which is great, but being a young couple, we didn't like the isolation so much.However, I felt the hotel was a bit scary (I even said to my partner it reminded me of The Shining) because it is so big, and felt quite empty most of the time. Maybe it was just the time I went, but still, I felt the heeby jeebies everytime the wind blowed and rattled the windows at night!The breakfast is amazing though, with huge variety, but I just didn't enjoy the stay as much as I had expected. The spa was also great, but so expensive compared to other similar hotels in the area  
<Date>Jul 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	2	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>punamo
<Content>Nice View but DIRTY        Rat nearby the Lobby  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	5	1	3	1	-1	

<Author>Tommyboy-YVR
<Content>Nice Hotel but too detached from the Rest of Nusa Dua The Nikko Balki is a great hotel with amazing views, comfortable rooms, attentive staff and a great pool scene but is very far out from the rest of Nusa Dua and you feel disconnected from the Island.My wife and I stayed here for a week in the end of June- early July and have mixed feelings on the Hotel. The place is very nice and cant be faulted for what it does provide but the property didnt work for us overall.Nusa Dua is removedf rom the rest of the Island and the Nikko is the most remote of the Nusa Dua resorts. You can of couse hop a cab or shuttle to other areas but its not the most convenient spot.The beach is a bit disappointing as well but the pool and grounds are truly amazing. Of the Hotels we saw in Nusa Dua though I would have to say the Grand Hyatt has a better mix and if I were to do it again I would give Nusa Dua a miss altogether and stay in Sanur at the Bali Hyatt.  
<Date>Jul 3, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	2	5	5	4	4	

<Author>dk_zgb
<Content>My experience with Nikko Bali I stayed 10 days (02.-12.06.2007.) at Nikko Bali Hotel and I have to say that this is one of the most beautiful hotels I have ever seen. The hotel itself is located on the cliff overlooking Indian Ocean, scenery around hotel is breathtaking, ocean views and panoramas are beautiful and, most importantly, the staff is extremely professional, kind and polite. The rooms are spacious and the breakfast is excellent. Hotel has 5-6 connected swimming pools and hotel beach is also very good, although for less experience swimmers hotel pool is better solution due to strong and unpredictable ocean waves. There are also some shortcomings. Hotel is located in the isolated part of the Nusa Dua area which is good for security reasons but bad because the village of Nusa Dua is accessible only with taxi. The prices of food and beverages are much higher (average dinner is about 350.000 IDR or EUR 30) then in neighboring Nusa Dua or Kuta. Since we were staying 10 days we had discount of 20% on all food and beverages that we consumed but we had to emphasize that every time (sometimes even more than once) when we were signing bills for consumed FB. Since there is high percentage of moisture in the air the room furniture has soaked up the moisture and therefore there is a bit unpleasant smell in the room. The room was very clean but it needs serious refurnishing. The bathroom, although not very dirty was not clean as it should be in a 5 star hotel. But those are all minor shortcomings and I can say that I had excellent time in Nikko and would return again in the same hotel if I were to go to Bali again.  
<Date>Jun 14, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	3	

<Author>DeviSuresh
<Content>Enjoyable stay at Bali Nikko Hotel My husband and I stayed at Nikko Bali hotel from 8th till 11th of May 2007 and we would like to let you know how much we enjoyed our stay at the hotel.We had a beautiful sea view room and the view around the hotel was also very spectacular since the moment we arrived at the hotel. After spending our time going around places in Bali we tried different kinds of food at Nikko Bali's different types of restaurants. The food and and the service at the restaurants were really satistying. Having breakfast and dinner at the hotel while enjoying the view was really romantic. The pools were beautiful and so were the landscapes at the hotel. On top of that all the hotel staffs we met at your hotel were so friendly which made us wanted to stay even longer but too bad we had to leave.In short, we really enjoyed our short stay at your hotel. That four days and three nights stay at Nikko Bali Resort  Spa really made us forget our work worries back home and let us relax and enjoy our moments together. We would like to thank all of Nikko Bali staff for making our stay there a wonderful and meaningful moment in our lives. We really apppreciate it. Thank you again.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>zoomeverywhere
<Content>First and last time!!! My fianc茅 and I stayed two nights at the Nikko Bali and we were immediately disappointed once we were greeted so poorly at the front desk. We encountered a few problems in our room such as the safety deposit box not functionning, the airconditionning was also broken down and the toilet was overflowing! We asked for a room change but it took quite long. The next evening, we asked for a dvd machine to be installed in our room while we waited at the bar (it was supposed to be set up immediately) but one hour later, we got to the room and there was no sign of the dvd machine. It took another 20 minutes or so before they were able to set it up and then another 20 minutes to replace it because we needed the remote control and they didn't have one for the first machine. The decor of the room was outdated. The hardwood floors desperately needs to be refinished as there were scratches everywhere. Breakfast was quite decent. The pools were okay. The staff could have been more friendly...we could compare to the four other hotels/resorts we stayed at and the Nikko Bali was not on the top of the list for friendliness nor customer service oriented.I would recommend the Westin if you wish to stay at Nusa Dua. Much classier!  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	2	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>BHinAUS
<Content>ok, but beach sux, go Hyatt Nusa Dua The hotel is nice, but a bit dated, and undergoing some work right now. The beach is not great, but the pool is quite fun for families. Some bizarre Japanese pool excercise sessions make for good comedy.The service is great and so is the food. Could use a bigger menu by the pool. The staff works hard and do a good job.We took a walk to some of the other Nusa Dua hotels, and the Hyatt is the best in the area, at least until the new ones are finished. Overall, we had a good stay, but Nikko is not the best.  
<Date>May 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	5	5	1	

<Author>momandI
<Content>Horrible experience in Nikko We were staying at Nikko Bali Resort  Spa since Wednesday, May 2nd to May 6th, 2007. We booked the hotel directly to its reservation. We have been a long time customer for Nikko Bali Resort  Spa and has been staing in this hotel ever since the hotel is brand new and always stay at Nikko Bali Resort  Spa everytime we went to Bali. Since I was in college until now my son is 3 years old. So, we were always looking forward for our next trip to Nikko. So far we were extremely satisfield with what Nikko Hotel has been offering us, the view is spectacular, the rooms are wonderful, the pool and the beach is beautiful and the staffs are friendly. We were actually went to Bali since April 30th, 2007 and stayed in Melia Bali Nusa Dua because we have been told that Nikko has been fully booked. But still eventhough our trip was great at Melia Nusa Dua Hotel, but it was never been complete without staying in Nikko Resort  Spa in Nusa Dua. We have so much memories in this hotel for years. I would recalled this hotel as our number 1 fave hotel in Bali. It was a BIG mistake to switch hotel from Melia Bali to Nikko this time. We booked Pool Access room, and paid $ 240 something per night which is a very significant money but the room was absolutely horrible. The first night, the air conditioner didn't function well. We asked the tecnician to check the air conditioner the next day, but once again the air conditioner didn't work well in the evening. What happened was that the air conditioner worked during day times and early morning times, but the room was very humid and warm during the night times, usually around 10 PM. We have a toddler (3 years old) who wasn't able to sleep well during our trip this time at Nikko Hotel. It kept like that and during the day time, we always have the technician checked the air conditioner and we became very paranoid about the terrace sliding doors because we have been told that on top of sliding doors on the terrace, we need to making sure that the both triangles should be meet. During night time, all of us became very paranoid and went back and forth to checked the sliding doors and making sure that the triangles sign meets because the room is very humid. I finally placed a strong complaint about the whole hassle we experienced. It was too bad after enjoying the beautiful beach and the pool, we have to get through the horrible room. The room is NOT worth for the price they asked !!!! We finally decided to extend for 1 more night from the May 6th to May 7th and have been told that we can NOT do that because they don't have any room for us. But what is strange was that when we contacted the balinese travel agent to get the hotel voucher that we have been told that the room was available. We did eventually purchased the 1 extra night through travel agent and paid $ 255 for 1 night. Now, I wonder how can a 5 stars hotel like Nikko was not able to offer us any room when we want to extend the room but it took us to purchased from the travel agent to extend our room for 1 more night ?! What was getting more weird that was we didn't have any cushions for our chairs on the terrace and we finally complained about it, they brought cushions only for the bottom while the same other rooms have back cushions and bottom cushions. The guy who brought the cushions told us that they didn't make the back cushions for our terrace. I told them that they must be kidding, because all other rooms for access pool rooms have back and bottom cushions. Then he immediately said that they were currently placing order for more cushions, that's why they didn't have the back cushions for us. When we were complaining about his bad excuses, suddenly he said that he will bring the back cushions tomorrow morning. I said that they must have a miracle because suddenly the back cushions are available after they said that they were still ordering the cushions. What an excuses !!! I just can't stand it anymore and finally placed a strong complained and the next day the guest relation officer which was from Japan contacted me. They just simply appologized. We have been staying in Hyatt, Marriott and Sheraton around the world before and usually if problems occured, especially as significant like what we have experienced, these hotels will offer complimentaries for us. We didn't ask for a FREE rooms, NOT at all, but we just feel for the amount we paid per night, this room just simply doesn't worth at all !!!! You might as well spent your money at Ritz Charlton or ali Intercontinental than staying in Nikko !!  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>srej
<Content>great hotel but not perfect               More photos  
<Date>Apr 11, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	2	4	4	

<Author>Paul_Harrison
<Content>We Love Nikko and Bali We are regular guest of Nikko Bali resort  Spa. Our last visit was on February 2007, stayed for 1 week. All staff very good and accommodating especially with Frances (our child). Pool was fantastic. Amazing ocean view with beautiful sunrise. Secluded white sandy beach. Everything was perfect. Thank you for a great visit. We love Nikko  Bali.  
<Date>Apr 5, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Sugimoto
<Content>Very nice service and stay was confortable I have traveled a lot but nikko bali is one of the best hotel. Especially room service - good. Cleanliness of room - good. And no noise from other room. Very nice service and stay was comfortable. Thank you (Yuniko Sugimoto #3522, 14 - 18 Feb 2007 )  
<Date>Mar 13, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>PS25
<Content>Good value for money but refurbishment is seriously needed             Pool front  
<Date>Mar 4, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>Canw
<Content>We Will Return We had an amazing time at the Nikko, it was definitely paradise. When we arrived, we were unknowingly given a smoking room and we are non-smokers. This room was a little dirty and the stench of cigarettes proliferated the room. We asked to be moved in a non-smoking room as soon as they could accomodate us and we were moved the next day. This room was exceptionally clean. My two year old child loved the children's pool. We found the service to be outstanding, the employees gracious and the location of the hotel secluded and private. In total we stayed five nights but we should of stayed 10 nights. I guess we'll have to go back!  
<Date>Feb 6, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>littlemouse17
<Content>Nikko - fantastic value, fantastic hotel I've stayed at Nikko 4 times, and each visit has been exceptional. I tell myself that I should go and try out different hotels, but I find myself coming back time and time again to Nikko because it is just fantastic in every way.The staff at the hotel are lovely, and never snobbish, even though we are backpackers who ride our motorbike to the hotel. They treat us the same as everybody else, if not even better. Their warm smiles are everywhere, and every single staff greets you with a good morning or how are you today?. Every wedding anniversary when we stay there, there's fruit and a handsigned card from the big boss, and once, even flowers and cake.I can't find any fault with the rooms. The balconies have sweeping views, the rooms are spacious, there are close to 40 cable channels on tv, the bathroom is big with a separate glass shower area and the bed is huge and comfy.Outside of the room, the pools are absolutely gorgeous - all interconnected with a tall waterslide that is fun even for an adult like me. There are always more than enough lounge chairs to go round, and if you are eyeing the lounge chairs placed by the sea, there are even staff to guide you to the unoccupied ones.There is a huge spread for the buffet breakfast with a choice of normal tea or green tea, plus all kinds of yummy food that keep me full till lunchtime. I agree that sometimes the staff get busy at breakfast and are a little slow in service, but frankly, that is a small flaw I can overlook, given the overall awesomeness of the whole hotel.We book Nikko for about US$115nett for an oceanview room, including breakfast, and I doubt you can find such great value at a similar hotel in the Nusa Dua area. I would love to stay at Conrad (we went to walk around the grounds when it first opened, and it truly is beautiful), but it is way out of our budgets, and we could almost stay 2 nights at Nikko for the price of one night at Conrad.P.S: One warning though - Nikko is really far out, in the middle of nowhere, so you'll have to take a taxi out if you want to eat, shop or sightsee.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>maccas69
<Content>Pool areas are fabulous! Stayed with another couple in September. Have been to Bali many times normally staying around Kuta/Tuban area but wanted somewhere different and quieter. Views from the lobby area are magnificent. The lobby is on the 15th floor then all the rooms are generally below as it sits on a mountain side. We had a room facing some rubble area on the side that they are eventually turning into another hotel. We didnt like that view so we upgraded to a pool view room for US $10 a night on the 3rd floor and it was worth it. Great views of the pool area and we could see the ocean as well, the balcony was huge! Room was spacious with a king size bed and had all the amenities you would expect.Breakfast was great - good choices, that changed daily and the serivce was superb, especially from Subrati. She would even come out to the pool area around 1 ish and offer guests free fruit skewers. Anything we wanted for breakfast, even if it was not available that day - we would request it and they would have it the next day for us. We had dinner a couple of times in the hotel and the food was more expensive by Bali standards but very good.The pool areas are the best attraction. You can play basketball in the pool and volleyball and the pool boys are great fun, especially Swarma who went out to buy CDs of the music we liked to play on the sound system for us. On hearing that my husband was a golfer they even arranged a very entertaining golf game and got all the guests involved. They have a range of pools including a beach sand pool and a great water slide too!Food by the pool was great as well.It is in a secluded area of Nusa so you will need to arrange transport into Kuta - cost us 70,000 rp one way. They do have a free shuttle bus that takes you to DFS Galleria but we just used to share a taxi.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Twinrivers
<Content>Bali Nikko is A-OK I have made it my job to stay at the Bali Nikko EVERYTIME I go to Bali with a group. As the tour leader, I actually make the decision as to where we will stay. I try to select 3 properties for a 12-nite stay, and the Bali is selected for at least 5 of those nights. I have never had trouble with my room on any trip, and fellow tour members have had a minimum of complaints. I am spoiled since I have experienced the deluxe beach front rooms, a view of the ocean from at least the 10th floor. The buffet breakfast have been very good...I have enjoyed eating dinner in the hotel on many occasions. The staff has been nothing but supportive and eager to serve. Just a great bunch of people.I have been going to Bali annually for a number of years, and many of the people who return with me would be extremely disappointed if the Nikko was off my list. So that person who complained about her room...and the lobby does not begin to represent the same sentiments of myself or fellow tour members. The Nikko is my Bali home. Period.  
<Date>Dec 13, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>Oktya
<Content>Depressing inside - nice outside       so-called 'ocean view  
<Date>Dec 11, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>Belrion
<Content>Nikko Bali is not for swimming I had picked the Nikko Bali because I had stayed at other Nikko resort before, but was very disappoint with this one in Bali.Good Points:- Great staffs and many can speak English and Japanese- Beautiful ocean view (mine was ocean-front room)- Nice Spa and swimming pools- Deluxe throughoutNegative Points:- Beach is full of rocks and broken shells. Not only that it dropped off immediately into deep ocean floor instead of the gradual retreat like Kuta beach. I got cut twice trying to swim so I ended up moving to another hotel in Kuta beach. The beach was empty of swimmers most of the time.- No Internet unless you buy a package from them provided by I-Connect. The packages are in 1-hour, 5-hour and 24-hour pricing. 24-hour package is the best price (200,000 rupias.) However, you can only get the wireless signal in the lobby area so forget about any web surfing or chatting at night.- Restaurants are very pricey unless it is a buffet night.- It is in the middle of no where so you have to rent a taxi to go anywhere. I saw a lot of hotel guests rented the taxi to go to the nearest town to buy extra foods and drinks.I stayed there only 5 nights and moved to Kartika Hotel (only 3.5 stars.) Check for my review of Kartika Hotel.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	4	1	5	5	4	1	

<Author>ElectronandBarbie
<Content>Great place to stay We had an excellent stay at the Nikko. The setting is excellent. It was very frustrating trying to secure a room through AsiaRooms. Their website advertised a price $20 less than any other I could find. When I booked it, I got a message back that said confirmed with surcharge, and the price only ended up $3 less than the others. As I had previously been in touch with the hotel, I think they saw my booking and refused me the rate. I have no proof of this. AsiaRooms subsequently changed the prices on their website, but specifically changed my room type and dates only, leaving hte rest the same. Anyway, back to the hotel review...We were in an Ocean View room. We could see the ocean but there was considerable lawn between us and the ocean. I would upgrade to pool front next time for the even better view. The room was nice, although was showing a bit of age with scuffed floors and a cracked sink counter. Otherwise, a great room and the bathroom was huge.The food at the restaurants was excellent, although certainly a bit pricey for Bali. I didn't mind paying the extra as long as the food was good. The service from the staff was superb. The breakfast was a little disappointing--I have seen better buffets at other hotels in Bali. Still, they did cater to all nationalities, so that would cut down on the selection for me.The hotel is very isolated and it is not possible to walk to civilization. There are metered taxis available at the hotel, however, with a very cheap rate of Rp 5000 to start then Rp 4000 per kilometer, so it is not that hard to get away from the hotel. The trick is to know where to go. We went to the closest shopping mall and ate at the nearby Lotus Garden that was recommended in the LP, but it ended up a noisy, mosquito-filled meal for which they tried to overcharge us by Rp 200000.Our kids loved the kids club, which was a surprise as they are normally shy about such things. The spa was excellent although very pricey--maybe better to take a taxi to another local spa.The hotel grounds are beautiful and well-kept. The beach is nice but the waves are hazardous for young children and there is quite a current. There was some garbage in the sea but not as much as I had seen in Sanur. There is a beach as part of one of the swimming pools so that kept our kids very happy. The waterslide was also a hit with the kids.Overall, an excellent stay and I would definitely consider going back.  
<Date>Oct 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>shumphrey
<Content>Wonderful vacation that we will never forget!!!   showReview(5511216, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 26, 2006
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>chineedoll
<Content>4 nights at the Nikko 6/26-6/30   showReview(5495364, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 22, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	3	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great hotel, great service, great pool       The beach  
<Date>Jul 5, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JasYoung
<Content>Very Good Value   showReview(5039236, 'full');   
<Date>May 7, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>DUDETTE33
<Content>a hotel with the most beautiful colored beach   showReview(4694399, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>travelbabealways
<Content>lovelyviews       snackattack  
<Date>Feb 24, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>chris036
<Content>Paradise in paradise       From the main section you cross a bridge to get to the pool  tower. What a view...  
<Date>Jul 23, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Bridiebee
<Content>Pool is great!!   showReview(3284433, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 18, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>unbelievable great!!! higher as high recommended   showReview(2997327, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 10, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹舵棌閫ｃ倢銆併偒銉冦儣銉伀銇娿仚銇欍倎   showReview(22855749, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>銇°倗銇嗐仚銇?> 銇°倗銇嗐仚銇?</a> </div>
<Content>銇娿伈銇ㄣ倞妲樺尽鐢ㄩ仈锛侊紒锛?#x201d;   showReview(21334585, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>闈欍亱銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21745219, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>simogara
<Content>銉椼兗銉仹銇倱銇炽倞銇с亶銇俱仚   showReview(20980093, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 18, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>cha-chan銇優銉?> cha-chan銇優銉?</a> </div>
<Content>鐪恒倎銇屾渶楂橈紒       銉椼兗銉仺娴?/a>  
<Date>Oct 16, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	5	5	5	3	

<Author>FC91
<Content>Un bon hotel malgr茅 les trauvaux   showReview(19596022, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 1, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	3	

<Author>lass=
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇嬨倝銇櫙鑹层亴鏈€楂樸仹銇?#x201d;   showReview(19915534, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 31, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈ゃ兂銉夋磱銇刀鏅?#x201d;   showReview(19915390, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇ㄣ仸銈傜礌鏁点仾銉涖儐銉仹銇椼仧   showReview(19915223, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銈嗐仯銇熴倞銇ㄣ儶銉┿仯銈偣銇欍倠銇伅   showReview(19915175, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 22, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉儵銉冦偗銈广仹銇嶃伨銇欍倛   showReview(19914775, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄儛銉?#x201d;   showReview(19914296, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 16, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>椁ㄥ唴   showReview(19914181, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>绲舵櫙銇с仚   showReview(19913816, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 25, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>骞存湯骞村銇娉?#x201d;   showReview(19913702, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鐧掋仐銇儶銈俱兗銉?#x201d;   showReview(19913564, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>娴枫亴闈掋亜锛侊紒   showReview(19913284, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 10, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇椼仸娉娿伨銈屻伨銇椼仧   showReview(19911696, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 21, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>瀹夊績銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19911378, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 18, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>渚垮埄銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(19911295, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 12, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏃ョ郴銉涖儐銉伅瀹夊績銇с仚   showReview(19911284, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 9, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍒濄倎銇︺儛銉?#x201d;   showReview(19910952, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 17, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銇倱銇炽倞銇欍倠銇伅銇勩亜銇嬨仾   showReview(19910950, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 16, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	-1	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏌愬ぇ鎵嬫梾琛屼細绀俱伄銉勩偄...   showReview(19928875, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉併儯銈ゃ儖銉笺偤銉嬨儱銉笺偆...   showReview(19926557, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 14, 2004
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉涖儐銉優銉炽亴姘椼仌銇忋伀...   showReview(19921970, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 6, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銉忋儘銉犮兗銉筹紗鎸欏紡銇ц...   showReview(19919890, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 24, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>銆€濂炽伆銇嬨倞锛栦汉銇ц銇?..   showReview(19918637, 'full');   
<Date>May 8, 2003
<Rating>0	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

