<Author>Single_Professional
<Content>Nothing fancy but it will do for the price Clientele mostly Japanese or other Asian. A handful of Brits, Euros and at least one American -me. Many hotel staff spoke very little English. They weren鈥檛 rude, but not overly friendly either.I took the lowest price available so I got an unrenovated room that was very basic and unimpressive. I think if you pay more the renovated rooms are nicer but still small. My room had no coffee maker but had a little hot pot and a couple teabags provided. Bring some powdered coffee and you鈥檒l be set. Water pressure in the shower was good. My floor had a vending machine that sold cold beer for ~US$3.50 a can.The lobby is not particularly opulent but it鈥檚 bigger than a lot of low cost Tokyo hotels and there is actually a fair amount of lobby seating for meeting business associates. If the main lobby is full, try North tower across from the 7-11. Its lobby is on 2 and has quite a few chairs, usually open.Regarding location. On my Tokyo map, Shinagawa looked like it was way out on the edge of town. It鈥檚 not really. Even so, there is little or nothing for a Western tourist to see there. I think that鈥檚 why I saw so few westerners at this hotel. It鈥檚 easy to get to things from the hotel on the train; but if this is a trip of a lifetime I recommend springing for a big name US hotel up in Shinjuku or maybe Ginza. The JR station practically adjoins the hotel lobby, and even though it鈥檚 called Japan Railroad it鈥檚 more like a subway train coming every 5 or 10 minutes, not every half hour like a US commuter train. Take the Yamanote line to Shibuya and Shinjuku in one direction (about 20 min), Ginza and Tokyo metro station in the other (10 to 15 min). You can grab the Metro at any of those to go elsewhere.I took a bus in from the airport but leaving took the JR Yamanote line to Tokyo station where I got the Narita Express to the airport. Narita Express has assigned seats. I got my ticket at Tokyo station. ~US$30 one way. Runs every 30 to 60 mins. Follow the signs in Tokyo station.100V AC power in room worked fine charging my US laptop  digital camera, but it鈥檚 only 2-prong sockets so bring one of those 99cent adaptors if your power supply has a third prong. A hair dryer is provided.No free in-room internet access, at least at my rate. I bought the American style breakfast for ~US$11 each morning upstairs in the Yahoo caf茅 and it included use of computers with internet access after. It鈥檚 that or you hit the McDonalds downstairs for US$6 but then you still have to buy a coffee or something for another $5 in the Yahoo caf茅 to use the internet so I opted out of the McD route. Printing was around 50 cents a page in the Yahoo. Probably to cover trademark infringement insurance. : )  
<Date>Jan 1, 2009
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>leanbeef
<Content>"Prince"- what a farce! The hotel is an absoloute joke. Looking at some of the other traveller pictures, we definately got short changed. From the outside the hotel looks grand with a real opulent feel. When you walk in, you are greeted with classical music. When we arrived on our floor we found dirty horrible pink carpeted corridors and a dirty looking door. Two separate beds were housed in a shoebox of a room (costing us $220 AU per night) for it. The plastic like covers over the bed and a run down tv was enough for me to get out of there asap. Prince Shinagawa- what a farce!!  
<Date>Dec 4, 2008
<Rating>1	-1	1	4	2	3	2	2	

<Author>Msshinohara
<Content>Very Nice Place and Service I stayed only one or two nights in Shinagawa Prince. The locations is great and the Service is perfect. Everyone speaks english and they are very simpathetic. The room is clean and the Hotel is huge.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2008
<Rating>5	3	5	4	4	5	4	5	

<Author>rdr49
<Content>We Enjoyed Our Stay We were visiting friends in Tokyo. Typically, they didn't have room in their small apartment to put us up, so they booked two nights for us (Friday/Sunday) at this hotel. On Saturday night we stayed at a resort southwest of Tokyo.We arrived from Narita airport by Airport Limousine Bus at a cost of 30,000 yen per person. The bus trip was relaxing and our considerable luggage was handled from airport curb right to our room.We stayed in the North Tower which apparently is the oldest part of the 3-tower hotel. It looked a little old but it seemed to us to be clean and well-maintained.The room was quite small and the washroom was smaller, almost like a cabin with a step-over door threshold. The bath tub was small but deep. The hot water was very hot. You have to be careful with it or you could get scalded. There was plenty of flow from the shower head. I got the feeling the water feed lines must be bigger than the standard North American 1/2 copper pipe.The toilet had a high-tech bidet seat which was nice to try.The double bed seemed to be standard size and it was comfortable.The room was very clean, but I suppose if you wanted to give it the white glove inspection you could get a finger dirty if you looked hard enough.We left 4 suitcases with the hotel, at no cost, between our two nights there and we felt our belongings were secure there.The staff had the typically high standard people expect from Japanese hotel workers. We found them all to be friendly and helpful and very courteous.At the base of the three hotel towers is a 2-level(?) shopping mall, a bowling alley, and many restaurants. I can normally situate myself fairly easily but in this area it took me three days to get things figured out.We paid 15,800 yen (without breakfast) for a Friday night, and 16,000 yen (with breakfast) for a Sunday night.We liked the place. We'd go back again.  
<Date>Nov 12, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>roundtheworld4me
<Content>Good Location for Exploring Tokyo       Room  
<Date>Oct 28, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	4	5	4	

<Author>Marie-Andree
<Content>a real "train station" hotel Since our reservations at another hotel fell through, we had no choice to take a room at this hotel because it was late , it was raining, we had to drag our suitcases and we were pretty frustrated. Let's say the bed was clean and the bathroom so-so. But the whole hotel was in a very run down condition. Everything was scratched, dent, chipped, Huge holes in curtains, mega stains all over the rug... It was 19,999 JPY but we argued for a discount.  
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	2	4	-1	-1	

<Author>coachboon
<Content>Prince of a Hotel My Japanese client booked this hotel for me. It is a large hotel right across the street from the Shinagawa metro line so it is very convenient for public transportation. I had a double room that was a good size by Japanese standards. It was very clean and had nice amenities. I even got an English Japanese morning paper delivered to my room.Breakfast is included in the fee and there are several restaurants to chose from. The result is a very large range of choices for breakfast. There is also a Yahoo internet cafe that doesn't charge for use of the internet as you are required to buy something. I had a cappuccino and that's all it cost me for my 1/2 hour or so checking emails. Service is friendly and efficient. Like all things Japanese, it was very clean - everywhere. There is a convenience store on the main floor, a 7-Eleven around the corner as well as a MacDonald' s. Several bus tours had shuttle pick-ups at the hotel. There is also an airport bus shuttle to Narita Airport for the price of $30.00 one way.  
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	3	5	4	3	4	

<Author>VicM
<Content>Japan again Located opposite the JR Shinagawa train station (you can see the hotel from the platform when you arrive), the hotel is easy to get to. Catch the Narita express and get off at Shinagawa station.The only downside is that the nearest metro station is around 15 minutes walk away. If you want to check out the sites, use the metro, buy yourself an all day ticket for 1,000 yen and you can go on all trains except JR trains.The hotel itself is in a nice area, plenty of restaurants around. The rooms in the main tower are reasonably sized and quite comfortable for Japanese standards. The rooms are very clean as are the bathrooms and beds are comfortable. Hotel has 4 restaurants which serve breakfast, which serve Japanese, continental  American / Western breakfast. All in all not a bad hotel  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	3	4	4	3	4	

<Author>ArankaC
<Content>not what I expected The hotel was clean, the view was nice and the location right in front of Shinagawa station perfect but the room was cramped even though we went for the upgraded double. I also thought that the pool would be free for hotel guests but it cost 1000 yen per person! We could have gotten better value for our money.  
<Date>Aug 28, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JTFBrussels
<Content>Good location, no complaints       Basic twin room  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>lcf-guy
<Content>not best for business This is a huge complex, well suited for tourists and groups. I've stayed in the annex tower several times, which I think is the best of the towers. The rooms are small  beds only fair, but the location is great as shinagawa station is so close. The value is not so good, especially compared to Toyoko Inn (which is usually full).  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	5	3	3	2	3	

<Author>tommy1_d
<Content>Good option for business trips I have stayed in the Shinagawa Prince hotel on many occasions and have tried both their main and annex (formerly executive) tower.In the main tower, the rooms have 2 single beds, they are mostly uninspired and sometimes the carpet and walls are really tired which makes the room appear dirty. I stopped booking them when the only room with Internet connectivity were smoking rooms which stinked quite badly. That was 2 years ago and might have changed. For a small additional cost (usually ~$20/night) you can book the much better rooms in the annex tower. Those room are usually a good value although the beds tend to be on the super-firm side, not very comfortable. Otherwise, they are clean and functional, with great unobstructed views.There are many amenities in the hotel : Movie theater, bowling, pool, shopping mall, 5+ restaurants... and it is right next to a major train station. That makes it quite a convenient venue for business. If this is a romantic trip, there are probably better options.  
<Date>Jul 1, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	4	

<Author>flavio12
<Content>Very convenient Hotel Very convenient hotel, few minutes from the Narita Express Train Station.We were transiting in Tokyo and spent 2 nights at this hotel.After initial confusion, Tokyo subway / train system is quite easy to navigate and convenient.Hotel well located, few stops from entertainment district.  
<Date>Jun 28, 2008
<Rating>5	5	3	5	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>k1w1Cairns
<Content>Didnt Enjoy Our Stay We stayed three nights in a double room in the annex tower. The room was nothing like the video clip shown on the hotels website, our view out the window was of an upper level carpark. The beds were hard and uncomfortable with only one very small pillow. The hotel is comparitively inexpensive so you get what you pay for I guess. Location was good in regards to the Shinagawa Station.  
<Date>Jun 23, 2008
<Rating>2	2	1	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>gsn794
<Content>great location, carnival like atmosphere I stay at the Shinagawa Prince at least once a year when I travel to Japan to see friends and relatives. For my purposes, the location simply cannot be beat because Shinagawa Station, which is literally across the street, is on the Yamanote loop and is also a Shinkansen station, which I use to travel to southwestern Japan. The hotel is not without its problems though. Be aware that this is a huge complex with four separate towers, as well as an aquarium, a movie theater, and a bowling complex. Throw in the usual shops and restaurants, and all you really need to complete the picture is a strolling mariachi band. The towers vary greatly in quality. On a previous stay I had the misfortune of staying in the North Tower, which in my opinion is nothing more than a dirty little business hotel with tiny rooms in dire need of renovation. Or better yet, demolition and reconstruction. Since then I always request a renovated room in the Main Tower, preferably on the higher floors. My room on my most recent visit was approximately 200 sq feet (10X20), with the bathroom occupying about 33 sq feet of that. Small, but reasonably clean and serviceable.There is a tiny little refrigerator for you to use, as well as a small safe, but it's not big enough for a laptop computer. Also be aware that their high speed internet access will cost you an additional 1050 yen a day (~$10). Thumbs up: location, reasonable value for Tokyo if you don't get stuck in a tiny, unrenovated room, generally good service from all employeesThumbs down: small rooms, hard beds, carnival atmosphere, unrenovated rooms are dingy and dirty with circa 1975 furnishings  
<Date>Jun 18, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>BudgetTraveler099
<Content>Outstanding Hotel Chain in Japan       Shinagawa Prince Hotel Main Tower  
<Date>Jun 7, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>gooch06
<Content>Way better then I would of ever thought I stayed at the Prince hotel Main Tower from April 3rd through april 10th. The room I stayed in was a updated room and it was amazing. Of course in Japan it was smaller then normal rooms but the way its set up makes it seem bigger. I would recommend getting a room on a higher floor because those are the more updated rooms. I also got the breakfest add on to the room each day. I tried almost all the choices that they had available. The one I would recommend most is the buffet in the main tower next to lobby forgot what its called. The hotel has so much you can do. I didnt get to do all of it but I did go bowling and after getting in for the night I did some kareoke. Bowling was fun I went during the evening when all the business people were there and they are fun to watch. Kareoke is HUGE in Japan and the hotel had its own. You pay for the time you want and get your own room that fits like 10 people. Me and a friend got a room for about two hours and you can stop a song if you get bored and pick a new one and they can also bring you drinks. The staff is so nice they also said hi when you walk by and if you need help with something and even though they try to understand you they go out of there way to find someone or walk you to where you need to go. Also like everyone else said very convinent to the JR station.  
<Date>Jun 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ME98
<Content>Worst Restaurant Service in Tokyo Hapuna Restaurant reservation and services were the worst I have had in all of Tokyo during my past 8-years living in Japan. Foreign tourists should avoid this hotel and its restaurants like the plague. Reservations are impossible to make (they frequently tell phone customers no reservations can be taken, just show up and wait at the door like everyone else); long waiting at Hapuna door on Waiting List; Maitre-D is rude towards foreigners; Waitress Service is extremely poor or non-existant; Food quality at Buffet Restaurant is very poor (hot food is always luke/cold, empty serving plates, etc.); Restaurant prices are hugely overpriced and not worth the very high-price. The Prince Hotel chain has become so arrogant that they feel no embarrassment by treating everyone badly. I left the hotel and restaurant feeling cheated; as if I had wasted my money. If you want Buffet/Viking Restaurant, it would be better to choose the Le Meridian across the street; Yokohama Sheraton; Sakuragicho Intercontinental Hotel; etc. All of these are much better overall than this terrible Hapuna.  
<Date>May 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	3	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>Metwo3
<Content>Good soundproofing, air conditioning We stayed in the Annex in nonsmoking.We hoped to use the NEX directly from NRT to Shinagawa for an overnight to recover from jetlag before heading on to Kyoto. Unfortunately, there had been an accident and the NEX was not running, so we used the other train with a transfer to get to the hotel--not as convenient, but cheaper, and still got us to within 1 block of hotel.We weren't sure how to get to the actual hotel once on the street--we could see the high rises, but there is multistory retail in front. We later found out we could have walked up through the retail (past the McD's) up ramps to the elevator that leads to the 7th floor lobby of the Annex. Easy return to train station next day.Our room was clean, quiet, cool, and just great for catching up on sleep. The hotel design is odd with a circular hall around the elevator corridor, but no matter.Our room faced the trains, but with the height and the double glazed windows noise was not a problem at all. We also barely heard any other guests, though we know the rooms were occupied.Size of room was fine for just a few nights.  
<Date>May 25, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	-1	-1	

<Author>phuinha
<Content>Super convenient Arriving just before a holiday in Japan was difficult to find any reasonable hotel with vacant rooms, so we decided to try this (based on reviews from TripAdvisor, of course).Upon arriving at the airport (Narita), we asked to go to Shinagawa and were given a ticket for a train that went directly there, right across the street from the hotel.Shinagawa really is right outside Tokyo, but that's a 5 minute train ride, with trains leaving Shinagawa every 3~5.About the hotel, it is huge, with many options for food and entertainment, I suspect people go there for vacation and never leave the premisses.Depending on which tower you stay in (Main Tower was great), the rooms are new, but a bit small, with everything needed in a hotel, including a small fridge (bring your snacks and water).Very clean, nothing to say about that, except that some floors smelled like cigarretts.Internet is paid (about US$10.00) and it is wired, so bring your wireless router (Apple makes a great pocket-sized one).There's a convenience store downstairs, that over charges everything, but when needed it's there.  
<Date>May 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>oribie
<Content>Great place, great location, great fun! We first decided to book this hotel because it was very close to the Tokyo circular line. We were going to book just a basic room in the annex tower but after reading reviews on Trip Advisor we decided to upgrade to the renovated main tower instead.The place is huge! The hotel is split in two towers, there is also a department store, a dozen restaurants and cafes, a 80 lane bowling alley, an aquarium with amusements including a great Galaxy Express 999 indoor rollercoster!The staff is very friendly. I'm lucky to speaking Japanese so language was never an issue. Our room was on the 35th floor. We had to take an express elevator non-stop until the 28th floor. Makes your ears pop.The room was small but very modern and clean with a very confy bed.We stayed 3 nights and had a briliant time, played bowling and had a go on the rollercoster...if only the room was bigger it would have been perfect.  
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>Tones11
<Content>Very nice       Pic of our room on 28th floor  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	-1	4	4	

<Author>Summergirl64
<Content>Great Location       Electric City - Akihabara  
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>japantraveller1234
<Content>Deceptive reservation practices I booked a reservation for 3 people via hotels.com. Upon arriving at the hotel, the front desk insisted that we would be changed an additional $59 for an additional person, claiming that our reservation only covered 2 people. They were unwilling to reverse the charge or even work with us on a compromise.If you don't want to be surprised with huge last minute fees or left in a foreign country without a place to stay, I would avoid this hotel (incidentally, hotels.com was even less helpful--they couldn't provide any information about the reservation because their entire system was down for several hours).  
<Date>Apr 8, 2008
<Rating>1	1	1	4	4	1	1	2	

<Author>Caprioska
<Content>Very, very convenient hotel LOCATION:The best feature of this hotel. The hotel is located approx 2-3mins walk to Shinagawa Train Station.ROOMS:Stayed on a twin share room and as with most twin rooms in Tokyo, it is small and not much space to move around. But the important thing is it was cleanSERVICE:Not all staff speak fluent English but they do their best to assist you. FOOD:Shinagawa Prince Hotel is a massive hotel complex with various hotel towers and a lot of business contained within the complex -- various restaurants, chemists, aquariums, etc!Overall, I would go back to this hotel again because it was very convenient BUT, I might try going for their double room next time.  
<Date>Apr 4, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>BobakLives
<Content>Your experience will vary based on the tower you stay in. I've stayed at the Shinagawa Prince three times over the past three years: the first two experiences were great (4/5) and the most recent was mediocre (2/5). The reason is easy to explain: we were assigned a different tower to stay in; your tower will dictate your experience. As others have noted, this is a huge complex that has a surprisingly convenient location just south of Tokyo's core, next to the large Shinagawa JR station. It has plenty of on-site food options, shopping, entertainment and four, significantly different hotel towers that were clearly build as expansions over the years. My experience dealt with two towers: the Annex Tower (formerly known as the Executive) and North Tower (previously known as the Annex Tower). It is a sprawling complex. Oddly enough, all four towers have their own reception desk (where you have to check-in) but are considered the same hotel by the Prince Hotel sites. The current Annex Tower is everything you'd expect from a solid, upscale business hotel in Japan: small, clean room but decked out with all sorts of nice high-tech perks --a pleasure to stay in. The North Tower offers an experience of what a standard business hotel room must have felt like in the 1950s --dark, aging, and feeling sketchy. I can't even believe they're the same hotel; interestingly enough, it is the one tower that is not connected to the rest via indoor walkways. Apparently the East Tower (the former Main Tower and clearly the first of the four to be built) was bad enough to warrant a major renovation which was still going on during our visit --I sincerely hope the North Tower is next on their agenda. NOTE: As you may have guessed from my review of old and new names, it is possible to be assigned the North Tower instead of the Annex Tower because, until recently, the North Tower was called the Annex Tower. Make clear you want the good one (Annex) when you make the reservation!Once you get past the room issues, the complex is still pretty good once you find your way around. For food they have a variety of good options: there's a food court that offers all sorts of great cheap eats (I'm partial to Japanese curry); the Yahoo! Cafe in the lobby of the Annex Tower offers a great breakfast (Japanese, which we loved every time, as well as Western) in addition to internet access; for formal dining or just a bar with a view there's the highly recommended Top of Shinagawa, located on the top floor of the Main Tower (39th floor, formerly the New Tower). Additionally there are several formal Japanese restaurants, what appears to be a Polynesian themed restaurant, and several places to buy snack-items. Just outside of the hotel complex there are even more quick eat places on the way to the JR station. They also have several entertainment venues, including a movie multiplex (all in Japanese) and a bowling alley/arcade. There are a number of shops that cover clothes, tourist nicknacks, and convenience store items. This is clearly a place aimed at locals as well as visitors. So there you have it, the hotel offers a good location, a fairly non-tourist variety of things to do, but a strikingly Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde problem with its towers. Just remember: Annex is Jekyll and North is Hyde.  
<Date>Mar 31, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>kruskor
<Content>Great again! My husband and I stayed at the Shinagawa Prince Hotel 9th Feb, 2008 to 17th Feb, 2008. This was our second stay a the Prince and we couldn't have been happier with our stay. This hotel really is above and beyond what we could hope for. It's so convinenient to reach the train station, the elevators are fairly fast and there are a lot of them, and the staff is friendly and very helpful. For some reason...we have no idea how it happened...we were put in an upgraded room. We stayed on the 30th floor this time. The room was the same size as our previous room, but had updated decor and feather pillows/blankets. It also had an area to hook up to internet and a widescreen HiDef T.V. We will definately be back to this hotel on our future Tokyo trips!!!  
<Date>Feb 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	4	5	

<Author>ScrappyMatt
<Content>Clean, helpful hotel       room (twin)  
<Date>Jan 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	2	

<Author>PhilipSydney
<Content>Clean, convenient and very helpful staff Stayed 2 nights in the main tower. Room decor a little tired but comfortable. I like a firm bed. This room had one. Room and bathroom very clean. Room on small size - no place to open suitcase except bed - but that's Tokyo unless one pays more money. I don't speak Japanese and found the hotel staff at check-in, guest relations and left luggage exceeding helpful with all manner of things including written directions on Tokyo train system. Breakfasted in the Luxe Dining Hapuna on level 1F. Good breakfast served buffet-style. Make sure you get down there early because you will queue to get in at 8am. The hotel complex is enormous and the hotel has many guests. I booked through a travel agent using the Japan Airlines brochure available here in Sydney and I could have done a better deal on websites like Tripadvisor. There is a bus service connnecting this hotel (and others) with Narita Airport which makes travelling to and from the airport easy. The hotel is close to the Shinagawa Railway Station which is convenient for travelling around Tokyo.  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>ChipPan
<Content>Humungous hotel, great location and value for money Stayed at this 2,800-room hotel in Tokyo Dec 2007. Great price as part of package from ExpediaLOCATIONThe JR-Line and Metro train stations are literally across the road, so couldn't get any better. Located south of central Tokyo, i guess you could say. A couple of convenience stores, a shopping centre w/ many restaurants and larger supermarket/dpt store closeby. Really goodSERVICEAgain, this was also not to be faulted. Checkin/out was straightforward. When room service was used (as I did on several occasions - i can be fussy when i want to be!) the queries were answered promptly and I don't know any Japanese so this could have been a barrier but thankfully wasn't as hotel staff mostly had a basic grasp.ROOMSDifferent towers of the hotel are reported to have rooms of varying size/quality. I stayed in the Main Tower and it was fine, a bit dated but the bathroom was well-suited for our needs and looked modern/clean with a powerful showerhead (which is always a must!). Fridge was providedEXTRA FACILITIESThere are loads but i didn't use many of them. 80-lane bowling alley, Imax cinema(!), 12 restaurants, shopping centre, Aquarium. Yahoo! cafe was useful but must spend on one drink (500 yen, or 拢2.50 was lowest price of a cup of tea) for unlimited internetVERDICTGreat for value for money and service. Downsides were that some of the rooms can err on the side of functional/basic depending on which tower you stay in. Some ppl on the net have reported the Annex tower is the newest block (there are 4 in total) but as i didn't stay I cannot confirm.WILL I STAY HERE AGAIN?Yes i would, as long as i can find a good deal I know that this is a great value-for-money choice  
<Date>Jan 3, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>harvblue
<Content>Satisfactory for a 2 night stopover We stayed in the North Tower of this large and 'anonymous' hotel. The twin room was fairly small, which we expected, and the decor in the room was very 'tired'.However, the price was right, and I've stayed in worse hotels, that charged a great deal more in London.We didn't eat in the hotel, but there were plenty of places nearby, including a McDonalds, several coffee shops, and a Western style restaurant with free internet access.  
<Date>Dec 22, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	2	3	3	-1	2	

<Author>mdj
<Content>Great Location We stayed here for 3 nights, 7 Dec thru 9 Dec 2007. We had acorner room to accommodate 3 people in the new Main Tower. However this room was apparently not one of them which has been refurbished. Carpet, bedding and wallpaper worn but clean. No disposable slippers just ones which stay in the room. Howeverthis room served our purpose just fine and we were not in the roomthat much. Asked for extra pillows and they brought to the room immediately.Hotel had a small shopping area and convenience store- actually that was in the Annex part of the hotel which was adjoined by a hallway thru the Main Tower. The location was great, 5 min walk to Shinagawa Station. Plenty of eaterieswithin the complex and down the street and of course in Shinagawa Station. There is a small grocery store in the station.Check in and staff were very helpful and courteous. Concierageservice was good as they helped us reconfirm our flights.Yahoo cafe was good. Looked at the food court but did not eatthere - had a variety of foods.  
<Date>Dec 21, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>snelsontravel
<Content>Great location We stayed at the hotel for three nights as a stop-over on our way to Australia. The hotel was very large but easy to navigate and has lots of facilities.The rooms were very comfortable and would have been very hi-tech fifteen years ago, and still wooed us a little! They were clean.The breakfast was very good with a vast away of choice and a lovely environment. The hotel was opposite the train station that meant easy access to all of Tokyo.The only downside was that we had to pay to use the swimming pool, which I do not think residents should have to do. There was a discount - we paid only 拢4 a time instead of 拢8!!!  
<Date>Nov 20, 2007
<Rating>4	3	4	4	3	3	-1	3	

<Author>Microstar
<Content>Good hotel in convenient location Stayed at this hotel before and noted that it has recently been refurbished. Rooms have been redecorated and have flat-screen HD TV's.Its a large hotel comprising several 'towers'. Basically a business hotel with international client base - lots of UK, US and European travellers use it. Prices seem competitive - my double room cost about USD130 per night.Useful range of eating places, including Yahoo! internet cafe - pay Y500 for an orange juice and use their computers and internet access. A food court on the first floor provides spaghetti, noodles, crepes etc etc - although to be honest I didn't find the overall quality of food to be that great and the area does get rather noisy.Breakfast buffet (ground floor 'Hapuna' restaurant) is not cheap at Y2000, but quality of food is very good and there is a full range of Japanese and Western items on offer. I would recommend it.For cheaper eating there is a McDonalds in the same building complex and a Yoshinoya cafe ('fast food' rice  pork/beef place - around Y700 for a basic meal) just up the street. Shinagawa station is right over the street and has a big range of food shops, restaurants etc etc.From Shinagawa station you can catch the Shinkansen (bullet train) plus the very useful Yamanote Line train which circles central Tokyo. Tokaido Line takes you to Yokohama inside 30 minutes. The Narita Express (Narex) from the airport also stops at Shinagawa.All in all a pleasant hotel in an excellent location which is handy for tourists and business travellers alike.  
<Date>Oct 29, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>ZX10BEN
<Content>Do as the locals do! My wife suprised me with a 2 week holiday in Japan for my 30th.For the first 4 days we stayed in the Shinagawa Prince and we were absoultely awe struck, It is huge. We arrived too early to check in so sat in one of its many cafe's and enjoyed a drink overlooking their main Buffet hall, one thing that hit us after a few minutes is that we were the only westerners there, which we thought was fantastic, we love travelling and when we leave the UK, we leave behind everything British. If you are adventurous and want to be in the heart of the community in Tokyo, use this hotel. Its not too pricey, has fantastic links to the Rail/Tram link (Opposite side of the road) Rooms are small compared to usual Holiday in style in Europe, but for Japan their actually good. Cleanliness doent need to be mentioned as everything is immaculate. It seems that this is the main hotel for the Japanese, so it was brimming with locals. There was a definite language problem as only a handfull of the staff spoke some english, but they were very patient and gracious whilst I thumbled through my phrase book.For the real Tokyo experience look no further!p.s. Try the spider crab legs in the lunch buffet!  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>5	4	3	5	5	4	3	4	

<Author>vjchong
<Content>City Hotel This hotel is too big. Huge check-in for main tower and quite confused to walk about if it's your 1st time.What was great was the Yahoo Cafe that provides internet access if you purchase one standard drink and you can use the internet unlimited. If you get tired, you can eat, drink and smoke in the cafe and then continue your internet surfing again.As the hotel check-out time is at 11 am, you will find yourself 'too free' while waiting for your scheduled train timing. So the Yahoo Cafe will be handy 'cos you can do 'messenging' with your family while waiting to go home.I have no interests for shopping for Yahoo Cafe in this hotel suits me well.I got myself a bigger room that I would have expected for a single traveller and that's just one thing I didnt like about the room - the woman in the picture frame. The 'eyes' kind of weird and i couldnt get to sleep well the whole night.However, I was lucky to get a drink machine just outside my room so it's very convenient.As for breakfast, they have 6 venues as they have many towers and therefore, it was kind of difficult to decide and I ended up with the main tower - ground floor. Food was OK but too crowded and i would want to escape from the place quickly when I was done with my breakfast. What was sick for me was that I have to get my own coffee 'cos the restaurant was simply too big and too packed.  
<Date>Oct 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	4	5	

<Author>kungpao
<Content>Business hotel, convenient to trains Since we booked late, most of the hotels that I checked had already been booked. This hotel, however, received decent reviews on this site, so we gave it a shot. It seemed to be an average business-focused hotel, with conference amenities, many restaurants, and many entertainment options in the complex. The size of the building can only be compared with MGM Grand in Las Vegas...it's massive, with a cinema complex, aquarium, bowling alley, and restaurants all-included. The room was comfortably sized, and the bathroom was clean. My only complaint is that the bedspread seemed desperately in need of cleaning. The location, however, is conveniently located across the street from the Shinagawa station, from which you can catch the JR train line, the Shinkansen, and one of the subway lines. Though it's a bit far removed from the main parts of the city, it is very centrally located, so everything is pretty equi-distant in all directions. Another perk, is that one of the most famous streets for eating Ramen is also just across the street. The row of streetside restaurants is located literally underneath the subway tracks, along the side of the Shinagawa station, directly opposite Takanawa St. from the hotel.  
<Date>Oct 6, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	2	4	4	4	

<Author>jondf
<Content>Too many choices Be careful, very careful - this is a huge hotel, actually 5 seperate towers which fill an entire city block. The best thing about it is that it is just across the street from Shinagawa station so high marks for ease of access. On the other hand, there are just so many choices when trying to book a room - some towers have WiFi, others don't. Some are basically a bed and a bath, others are more elaborate. With so many choices, it's no surprise that things sometimes go wrong. I had done a lot of research in advance so I arrived at the right check-in desk and had no problems. Essentially everyone else I saw was at the wrong desk and had to be redirected to one of the other 4 towers (each operates separately for purposes of check-in). Make certain you know where you're going before you leave home!Otherwise, my room (and executive) was fine. The usual smallish Japanese style, but generally fine. Price was comparitively low and it was obvious where they had cut corners to achieve this . . . but I knew what I booked and wasn't unhappy.I made no use of any hotel service outside of the room. But everything is there, a coffee bar, many places to eat, even a bowling alley.I wouldn't suggest an extended stay, but for a night or two on business, it's just fine.  
<Date>Oct 5, 2007
<Rating>2	4	2	4	3	3	3	2	

<Author>verena_amber
<Content>Inadequate services       Double Room in Main tower  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	3	-1	3	

<Author>atruescotsman
<Content>Excellent! We stayed here for 5 nights as part of a 2 and a bit week holiday in Japan.We were in the Executive Tower (I think this has been renamed) and were impressed with the cleanliness of the room albeit a little small. However, the transport links were the stand-out point (that and the views!). Given we have the JR Railpass we were able to use the JR line that circles around Tokyo for free which meant we could easily reach all the key areas we wanted to visit.The staff (like all in Japan) are so helpful and friendly. Check-in was a breeze and on our return for a final night in Tokyo we had forwarded our bags on - when we checked in the porter wheeled them out for us.If I was to return to Japan again I would have no hesitation about returning here and could easily spend a week here whilst based in and around Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>MikeMagnifique
<Content>Good Place to stay in Central Tokyo Well,a clean nice and relativelycetrally located place in Tokyo.The Shinagawa Station just across the street makes it comfortable to travel Tokio by subway,train or Taxi and Bus.It`s a typacal Business Hotel with a lot of ameneties you dont need ( bowling alley,pool area you have to pay for, multiplex cinemas ertc.)A copuple of restaurants are on the premises japanese and continental.Moderatly priced for Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	4	4	3	

<Author>SLin96
<Content>Great location but so big it's chaotic and confusing We stayed here for two nights - at the beginning and the end of a tour of Japan. This hotel reminds me of a large Vegas style hotel - however it is so big it is confusing. 4 different towers - confusing elevators - even more confusing room numbers. The room is fine enough - clean with reasonable amenities. No Internet in the rooms I stayed in - although I believe the Executive Tower has Ethernet Access - for 1100 Y per day. They have wireless access in the lobby of the Executive Tower for 500 Y for 24 hours (card). We did not eat breakfast in the hotel but the lineups for breakfast looked as long as an airport check-in line. Massive massive hotel. Lots of retail including a McDonalds at the entrance across from the JR Station. Fantastic location. Surprisingly little English spoken considering the size of the hotel. Would stay here again if the rate was right but for my money I would rather stay at the Park Hotel Tokyo.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	5	5	3	3	2	

<Author>amichka
<Content>What a pleasant experience This hotel was excellent. It was very close to the train station and the rooms were very clean and the bathrobe and slippers added a nice touch. The tub was very deep, perfect for soaking. The hotel also had a nice traditional Japanese restaurant near the McDonalds to get some coffee and smoked salmon and toast. Also a Western breakfast with eggs, bacon and toast was offered. The hotel had a few nice surprises, like there was an Imax theater and a dolphin show in the annex building.  
<Date>Aug 1, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>w0rldwidetraveller
<Content>Good Location for Public Transport We stayed here for 3 nights from the 7th Febuary, the hotel was made up of different accomodation towers, we stayed in the older main tower. They were refurbishing some of the floors, we were on a floor which had not been refurbished the room was very small and dated but was ok and clean. We had a good view from our window, the hotel staff were very friendly and we had breakfast included which you could have on the top floor for great views over the city. Also it is right by a main train station and underground station which we found a great way to get around the city. Try to stay in the Executive Tower for better rooms.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>ManManManMan
<Content>Excellent location       Shinagawa JR station is just across the street  
<Date>Jun 2, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	3	3	3	

<Author>el_skudo
<Content>North Tower, Great location, Small - outdated rooms       North Tower Twin room  
<Date>Apr 28, 2007
<Rating>2	3	1	4	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>mtlcatcher
<Content>A great place to visit My partner and I stayed there for 3 nights this past March. We were in the Executive Tower and I must say at first glance I was not blown away, but the place grew on me. Before making the trip I was more than a little irked that we had to pay an extra $30.00 per night to have a double bed, and I still find this outrageous. Having said that, our bed was more like a King size, and although the room was on the small side, as others have said, your there to change and sleep. Each day we were given clean kimonos and slippers. My personal favourites were the gadgets, think Japanese ingenuity. Heated toilet seat, with a built in bidet (never used one before, but loved it) and the heated mirror in the bathroom which stays clear no matter how hot the shower. Oh yeah, another thing I loved, the shower was amazing. So strong, great for reviving after a day of touring. As others have said, the hotel complex is right across from Shinagawa station, and once we figured out the train and metro system - not that complicated - we were away. Most staff speak a little english, more than enough to get by. If you stay there go across the street to Wing, a department store, and go down to the basement and prepare yourself for an epicurean carnival. Lots of different counters that sell all sorts of food ready to eat ,and locals buy before taking the train home. It is worth it to splurge and go up to the top floor of the New Tower to eat or have a drink. The view is really breathtaking, but beware, if you only have a drink in the bar there is a cover charge, roughly $5.00 U.S. per person that no one mentions until you see it on the bill. You make take your breakfast that is included in the roomrate there if you like and still benefit from the view. We are not tea drinkers in the morning (the hotel only supplies teabags) but you can buy these coffee kits in the shop, 3 for about $5.00.Finally, let's talk about the food court. Personally, I found the selection a little limited, but I highly recommend the first counter to the left as you enter. They specialize in Ramen and it was amazing. What's interesting about this place is that you place your order by selecting what you like from a ticket machine. You make your selection, (lots of photos so don't worry about not speaking Japanese) pay your money into the machine, take your ticket to the counter and give it to the cook, and he in turn gives you a pager. You find a table, and when your meal is ready the pager goes off, and you go and collect it. All in all, this was a great place to stay. I not only recommend it, but will not hesitate to stay there again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	5	5	3	3	-1	

<Author>Viennatravel
<Content>Great location ok room My husband and I stayed here while attending a wedding in Tokyo in April '07. We got a great rate through Orbitz and chose this hotel due to the price and location. My father, a frequent traveler to Tokyo, said that the rate of $120 a night with breakfast included was unbeatable. The location was great, as mentioned by others. Avoid the food court in the hotel as the food there is mediocre. There are definitely better places to get a quick bite to eat near the station. The Yahoo internet cafe was overpriced and the keyboards were pretty gross since you can eat while using the computers. We absolutely loved the Hapuna breakfast buffet. It was the highlight of our stay. My husband preferred the western style and I preferred the Japanese style breakfast so it was perfect. We gourged ourselves every morning. The rooms were clean but a little bit run down and dated. The bathroom definitely needed updating and the hairdryer was useless. However, the staff was very helpful and we had a decent stay. If we could get the same deal, we would most likely stay here again.  
<Date>Apr 23, 2007
<Rating>3	4	3	5	3	4	5	2	

<Author>LizaNTrevor
<Content>fantastic location and yummy breakfast This hotel is superbly located - a short walk from Shinagawa JR station. If you're travelling via JR around Japan then Shinagawa is very convenient as it's only one stop from the JR Tokyo station. To get into town it's only about 10-15 minutes by train. The hotel is surrounded by shops - there's a convenience shop below the hotel as well as a variety of boutique shops in the connecting mall, as well as the Epson Aquarium stadium and cinemas.We booked a triple room - the room itself is quite small for 3 people - 2 single beds and a rollaway.The bathroom was your average capsule like japanese bathroom with your slightly above standard toilet/bidet washer. The view from the room was fantastic - overlooking the JR station and you can even glimpse the Tokyo Tower. The corridors leading to our room reaked of cigarette smoke though.The hotel's Hapuna restaurant's buffet breakfast was fantastic and was the best out of all the hotel breakfasts we had in Japan. They had a huge variety of both western and japanese delicacies and loads of pastries. We also tried the Hotel's Japanese restaurant, which was also good but was a bit light on and not quite as filling. The staff in the restaurants were very polite and courteous. If you're going to use Hapuna try to get in there around 7am to avoid the queues that quickly form outside the restaurant between 7:30-8am.We weren't shown to our rooms - just pointed to the direction of the lifts. The front desk staff were ok but not as friendly as the restaurant or the bell desk staff.The bell desk staff were very friendly and we were able to store our luggage here whilst we travelled around Japan even though we weren't going to be staying with them on our return.We would have no qualms about staying here again - the location and the vibe at night around the station and hotel area makes up for the smallish room.  
<Date>Apr 15, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	3	5	-1	

<Author>singinggigi
<Content>Great price performance I have stayed at all the towers:Main, Annex and Executive. Main tower is the oldest but generally offers the lowest rate. Executive tower is the newest and has smaller rooms. There is a Yahoo cafe right across from the lobby of Executive tower. It is a convenient place for having an inexpensive breakfast (both japanese and western style) and check e-mails at the same time. I have stayed at Annex tower more frequent than the other 2. The room I checked into was slightly bigger than those in the Executive tower;but the amenities were generally older. Front desk and operators sometimes had problems communicating in english. I stayed at this hotel for its location and price performance. It is right across the street from Shinagawa station ( both JR and shinkansen) and Shinagawa Commons, a giant conglomerate of shops, restaurants, supermarkets and offices. There are ramen shops around the area and I had never been too far from a convenience store. There are also travel agencies inside the station, which makes my life a lot easier when I need to purchase shinkansen tickets. A basic, no-frills hotel with a great location.  
<Date>Mar 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>MARPADJOE
<Content>Great location - good price- ok rooms I used to stay at the neighbouring new (shin) takanawa prince hotel 10 years ago when I worked as cabin crew with Japan Airlines so stayed here as I know the area well. The location is great, lots of nice restuarants around and nice shops in the wing shopping mall. There are lots and lots of facilities in the Hotel including a great BBQ restaurant and lovely top floor bar with views of the city. The location is fantastic but the rooms are tiny. If I was visiting Tokyo again I wouldn't stay here. We visitied the Excel Tokyu in Shibuya and it looked great with a fantastic location.  
<Date>Mar 1, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	4	3	4	4	4	

<Author>eshibui
<Content>Great location in Tokyo at a good price The Shinagawa Prince Hotel Tokyo is convienently located in downtown Tokyo on the Yamanote line, the rooms are clean and generally offered at a good price. I stay here when I visit Japan for business and pleasure.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	3	5	-1	-1	

<Author>motutoopua
<Content>A convenient location at good value A good value hotel in a superb location. Although rooms are extremely small, you basically get what you pay for considering the generally exorbitant room rates in Tokyo. The location is excellent being right across the street from Shinagawa Station, Tokyo's central hub. We were happy staying here because of the good access that the location of this hotel provides. Recommended if seeking a basic place to sleep while exploring this lively city.  
<Date>Jan 11, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>stekaz
<Content>sorry but i dont agree! i guess we all have different standards and experiences but our room which was not in the executive tower was small, dirty and in desperate need of a refurbishment! carpet was in such a state that you would not want to walk on it without shoes let alone socks on your feet. Went for a meal in the Aquarium restuarant, about 拢50 a head plus drinks, was very slow at bringing anything including drinks, you can imagine how long our souffle's took!!On the whole have stayed in far cheaper hotels that were better, even taking into account the fact that the hotel is in tokyo it is way to expensive.on plus sides, staff were nice, the top floor bar and restuarant have lovely views, and the location makes it very easy to get around!  
<Date>Nov 1, 2006
<Rating>2	2	1	4	1	3	3	-1	

<Author>DoktorCB
<Content>Nice Hotel in good location On my way back from the outer Japan I spent one night at the Shinagawa Prince Hotel in Tokyo. Great location, directly at the Shinagawa station and I had a wonderful room (compared to Japanese standards) in the Executive tower. Be aware there are many different rooms in this hotel, depending how much you pay and what requests you have, you are booked in at least 4 different places. The Executive Tower is probably one of the better places. The hotel is very, very big and ditributed over many buildings with differenent entrances. So make sure you are at the right reception to check in. The room I had was more than 20 sqm (~200 sf) big and nicely equipped. The bed is a double but very hard as always in Japan. But still very ok. Internet access is available, after a modem is installed in your room (high speed + flatrate, around 10 US). I was a bit unlucky, because just this one day, it stated to rain heavily that morning, so that I could only run around the hotel and look at the leasure entertainment - such there is plenty of it. Not much to say so, other than convinient and in a good place, probably also for sightseeing - may be on my next trip there.  
<Date>Oct 3, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	4	4	

<Author>Basilicus
<Content>Perfect Location for a brief Sightseeing Trip       Shinagawa Prince Bathroom  
<Date>Sep 29, 2006
<Rating>4	5	4	4	5	3	4	4	

<Author>drsusi
<Content>Small room but nice       Prince hotel room double in Exec. Tower  
<Date>Aug 12, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Roserad
<Content>Predictable and practical for a Tokyo visitor I've stayed at the Shinagawa Prince five times in the last nine years, and have found the hotel to be pleasant and fairly reasonably priced, which is not necessarily the case everywhere in Tokyo. The hotel is in a great location, with a short walk across the street to the bustling Shinagawa train station, where one can easily access the Yamanote loop around Tokyo, the NEX train to the airport, and trains to Yokohama. Shinagawa is located to the south of Tokyo, about halfway around the Yamanote loop, so it's only a few minutes either way to the Ginza, Tokyo Station, Akihabara, Shibuya, Shinjuku, and Ikebukuro. Shinagawa is mostly an area frequented by business people who work in the many surrounding high-rises, but is home to a nice aquarium next to the Prince complex. The hotel is quite large, with several high-rise complexes of its own. I would recommend the New Tower or the Executive Tower, which are both a bit more expensive, but also newer and more accessible. The older buildings have tiny, slow elevators, and are geared to smoking business travelers with small suitcases, so I wouldn't recommend them. The hotel staff is very courteous and professional, and although no one has a perfect command of the English language, the staff are very obliging and helpful, and are used to dealing with visitors from all over the world. The hotel has many amenities available within its complex: a well-stocked Convenience Store that is open until midnight, several adjacent clothing, shoe, and variety stores, a large bowling alley, a Yahoo Internet Cafe (500 yen for coffee, but you can use the computer as long as you like), many in-house and adjacent restaurants, a swimming pool (charges apply), and hourly bus service to the airport (the staff will load your luggage for you, taking great care with your things!). I would recommend booking with breakfast (a bit pricey, but worth it) if you go through the hotel, since you will enjoy a good buffet selection of both Western and Japanese fare, and may not have to eat again all day. As for the rooms in the New Tower, the views are interesting, especially if you get above the 20th floor, and if the smog over Tokyo doesn't blur your view. The rooms are not large, but are clean and adequate. Amenities include a safe, a small refrigerator, heated toilet seat with bidet, built-in hairdryer, kimonos, slippers, and tea service. The carpet, TV, bedspreads and curtains are becoming a bit shopworn and have not been upgraded since I have been coming to the Prince, but everything is in working order. Bathtubs are small, as are the Japanese people, but the plumbing all works perfectly. Air conditioning is very adequate and even chilly if you want it to be. There is very little drawer space, but a closet with a folding door will hold your suitcases. The cleaning staff are also very pleasant, and will likely greet you as you pass by in the morning.I have considered staying in other hotels on my visits to Tokyo, but always end up booking at the Prince. The price is right, the location is superb, and the staff treats you well. I'm sure there are many other much more luxurious hotels available, but I like to save my money for everything else there is to buy and see in Tokyo. I wouldn't hesitate to return to the Shinagawa Prince if I get back to Japan again.  
<Date>Jul 9, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>CheshireUntested
<Content>Ok'ish I guess Great location as opposite Shinagawa Station which is the JR Yamanote line and Subway. As with all trian stations in Tokyo plenty of places to eat near by and all good value.My room was in the older tower so it was a bit worn, but overall OK. Rooms are small but it is Tokyo.  
<Date>Apr 19, 2006
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good Value-Choose Appropriate Tower We stayed in the Annex Tower 3 nights in late March and 1 night in April. Since I've stayed in a hotel in Tokyo before, I understood going in what to expect in terms of size, i.e., if you want to pay a reasonble rate, expect to only have enough room to sleep, otherwise expect to pay a fortune to get a room scaled to American expectations. Since we were in Japan to sightsee and visit with family and friends, we had no intention of staying in the room other than to sleep.With these expectation, what we really wanted was a room and hotel in decent shape in terms of upkeep, cleanliness and a good level of service. We weren't interested in mini bars or room service. The Annex tower provided just that with twin rooms that fit barely more than the beds, small nightstand, small desk and chair and dresser. Although the bathroom is small by American standards, it was bigger than my last bathroom in Tokyo, where I couldn't fully stand up in the shower. The shower/ bath was small but usable. And the toilet was Japanese superior with two flush strengths, adjustable bidet and heated seat. There was also a fridge and TV with free and pay channels. No internet in our room, but they only charge 楼500/day for wireless in the lobby. Please keep in mind that all comments relate to the Annex Tower. The quality of the upkeep was great: clean and in perfect shape. The twin beds were small, but at 5'10, I had no problem sleeping comfortably. The pillows, as reported previously, were very hard. The service was top notch: I requested certain room changes and they bent over backwards to accomodate me. They also stored one of our bags for a week for no charge as we traveled to Kansai.If you want to spend time enjoying Japan by staying inside your hotel for a good portion of your time, then the Annex Tower is not for you. The rooms are larger and more luxurious in the Executive Tower and smaller and less well kept in the Main Tower.All in all, I think the Annex Tower was a great value considering the unavoidable premium charged for hotels in Tokyo  
<Date>Apr 4, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>GKoonin
<Content>Depressing Rooms in Annex Tower ... I agree with a previous review - always check carefully which building you're booked in ... it would seem some are better quality than others (the Executive Tower seems to be the best one). I stayed in the Annex Tower where rooms were depressing and didn't inspire one to stay in one moment longer than necessary. No room service or mini-bar (though an empty refrigerator in which to store your own items). Weirdly prefabricated tiny plastic bathroom. And the hardest pillows known to humankind. Another word of warning: I was booked into an 'Internet Room' with broadband which I had to pay for whether it was used or not. The rest of the hotel complex looked fine and there are a good selection of restaurants, transport links are great.  
<Date>Mar 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Happytravels77
<Content>brilliant location, teeny tiny rooms this hotel has absolutely everything. japan is not as expensive as everyone says, we came here after touring oz and were amazed, although not much english is spoken they make this up with lots of smiles and are super courteous.location is ideal right next to the railway where you can go to the main shopping street for 150 yen about 1 pound stering, not expwensice at all, for souvenirs the hotel have excellent shops for designer the main street have absolutely everything and if you like chocolate this is amazing, so many chockie shopsjapan over all 10/10  
<Date>Feb 20, 2006
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Poots-UK
<Content>Disappointing             Half a bath!  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>2	3	2	-1	4	-1	2	-1	

<Author>chris036
<Content>No.1 for location, No.1 for the price       Morning view across Western Tokyo - Mt Fuji in distance  
<Date>Dec 9, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth the price We stayed here from Nov. 4-7 and then again on the 11th before heading home. The pluses: our room was clean, the bathroom was very nice and we were placed near the elevators in the New Tower. Also, the hotel had onsite shopping, a convenience store open late, and they held our bags for free after we checked out so we could go sightseeing before leaving Tokyo. The minuses: For some reason, our travel agent had booked us for a twin room. When we asked for a double at check-in, they were unable to accommodate us. I found out later that most of the rooms in the new tower are twin rooms. Normally, this wouldn't bother me except that we were paying $172.00 US per night for a twin room. We could not adjust the temperature in our room. It was a bit warm and the air-conditioning did not work well. The Shinagawa location was great during the day, but the whole area was pretty lame at night. Maybe if we had gone to the other side of the station, we would have seen more, but instead we hopped on the Yamanote line and went up to Shibuya for entertainment. Overall, I was disappointed with what this hotel provided considering the price. Next time, I will spend less and stay in a smaller hotel. In the past, smaller establishments have been more accommodating and can offer more personalized help to international travelers.  
<Date>Nov 16, 2005
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>firstkms
<Content>Great hotel for first time visitors to Tokyo My wife and IS tayed at the Prince Hotel in Shinagawa for 3 nights for 11,500 yen (no breakfast) which I thought was a real bargainf or typical Tokyo prices. We were pleasantly surprised by the ammenities and proximity to the Shinagawa station which is a major station in Tokyo offering Shinkansen, regular JR Lines and subway access. The room was decent, a little outdated but otherwise very clean. I would definately recommend this hotel just for its closeness to the Shinagawa station. We hopped around a lot so access to the Shinkansen was helpful. When you pass the turnstiles for the JR Line or Shinkansen and are in the main corridor, you will see signs that point you towards the exit for the Prince Hotel. Once you're out of the station, you just need to look up and you will see the sign for the hotel. Make sure you get a JR Rail pass if you plan to visit other cities like Kyoto.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2005
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>cassissoda
<Content>Good times at the Prince I will start with the most important information. I stayed in the NEW TOWER, in a room with TWO SINGLES.The view from the room was out of this world! full panoramic window, on the 33rd floor, looking way out over shinagawa station and the new buildings on the other (south) side of it. the room was good, not luxurious, but clean, simple, nice, and a good size for a tokyo hotel. the best thing, of course, is the shinagawa area. there is lots to do, it is convenient to everything, and the shinagawa prince has all kinds of stuff just on the premises (bowling alley, movie theater etc)Definitely go to the other side of shinagawa station and hit some izakayas (japanese pubs) and have some good japanese beer and pub food.  
<Date>Oct 10, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>terriertam
<Content>Costly Prince I stayed in the Main Tower of the Shinagawa Prince in April. I chose this hotel because of its proximity to Shinagawa station (convenient for both Shinkansen and JR Yamanote Line) and also because of its swimming pool.I assumed that the pool would be free to guests, however you have to pay 1000 yen (about 拢5) each time to hire a towel. The internet cafe was also an attraction but you have to buy at least a cup of tea (500 yen) before you can use it. The room was small and dark with a small slit of a window. Although it overlooked the station and a busy street, it was quiet. It was my fifth visit to Japan and the smallest room I'd stayed in. It was supposedly on special offer at 9700 yen per night excluding breakfast - more expensive than most of the hotels I've stayed in in Japan. The lack of breakfast is not such a problem as there are several coffee shops in the station where you can buy a 'morning setto.' The public areas in the hotel are spacious and very nice and the staff are helpful. I would definitely stay in Shinagawa again but not at the Prince.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Horrid hotel   showReview(3639462, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 6, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	5	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Family Loved It!   showReview(3623790, 'full');   
<Date>Jun 30, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>L_A_GuyLosAngeles
<Content>Shinagawa Prince   showReview(3394720, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good place to stay ....       Shinagawa Prince Executive Tower (behind IMAX Cinema Building)  
<Date>Apr 12, 2005
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location   showReview(3329896, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 4, 2005
<Rating>4	5	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>doistujin
<Content>Different Categories - from not great to great   showReview(3223340, 'full');   
<Date>Feb 23, 2005
<Rating>4	4	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Very Pleased       my room in the New Tower  
<Date>Jan 31, 2005
<Rating>5	5	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Good if you're new in town.....   showReview(3100527, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 30, 2005
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Pflege
<Content>A very reasonable hotel at that price   showReview(2859833, 'full');   
<Date>Dec 2, 2004
<Rating>5	5	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Boston2Houston
<Content>Small price, small room   showReview(2677307, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 9, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>bagra007
<Content>Id茅al pour visiter Tokyo   showReview(21642675, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>Trip-Tokyo
<Content>鐪烘湜銈傚鏅倐缍洪簵銇儧銉嗐儷   showReview(21403504, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>catnip55
<Content>鍓查珮銇嬨仾锛?#x201d;   showReview(21388918, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 29, 2008
<Rating>3	2	4	5	4	4	-1	-1	

<Author>銇层倝銈?> 銇层倝銈?</a> </div>
<Content>銉涖儐銉唴銇偝銉炽儞銇伅鍒╃敤渚″€ゅぇ锛?#x201d;   showReview(21260645, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>锛ｏ綇锝?> 锛ｏ綇锝?</a> </div>
<Content>閮ㄥ眿銇屻仺銇︺倐缍洪簵銇с仚   showReview(21193512, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 25, 2008
<Rating>5	4	5	4	4	5	3	4	

<Author>k2r1001
<Content>鏈濋銇岃壇銇?#x201d;   showReview(21101962, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 22, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	5	3	4	3	4	

<Author>pimpa-55
<Content>渚垮埄銇с仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20889918, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 15, 2008
<Rating>4	3	5	5	5	4	4	4	

<Author>TKBO08
<Content>鏈濋銇亶銇炽仐銇?#x201d;   showReview(20629343, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 5, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>katudon
<Content>渚℃牸銇屻儶銉笺偤銉娿儢銉€傜珛鍦般亴銇勩亜   showReview(20561876, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	4	-1	4	

<Author>wankodama
<Content>銇┿亾銇硦銇俱倠銇嬨伀銈堛仯銇﹀ぇ銇嶃仾宸亴   showReview(20561673, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 2, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	3	3	3	3	

<Author>NAKAYAMA
<Content>銇仛銈屻亴銇亜   showReview(20413368, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 27, 2008
<Rating>4	3	4	4	4	5	5	4	

<Author>tarepanda-a
<Content>銉偣銉堛儵銉炽亴鍏呭疅   showReview(20219810, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 20, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>銈堛仐銇倞銇擄挤
<Content>鍚堟牸鐐广仹銇欍亴銉汇兓   showReview(20207648, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 19, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	3	3	4	3	3	

<Author>鍏敳鐢板北
<Content>浣曘仹銈傛弮銇ｃ仸銇勩倠銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(20132202, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 17, 2008
<Rating>3	3	4	4	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Shinagwa Prince hotel un exemple pour le monde de l'hotellerie!!!   showReview(20550072, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 9, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銈堛仯銇椼兗锛栵紪
<Content>鏂借ō銇屽厖瀹?#x201d;   showReview(19723173, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 3, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	4	4	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>j'y retournerai mais je prendrai un plus grande chambre   showReview(19632133, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ganz gut!   showReview(19632130, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retourne sans h茅siter   showReview(19632129, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 25, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>銇°倗銇炽仯銇忋仚
<Content>浜ら€氥伄渚裤倛銇?#x201d;   showReview(19190643, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	2	5	3	3	4	2	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Jederzeit eine gute Adresse   showReview(19632131, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 16, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>gerne wieder   showReview(19632128, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>VincentBruxelles
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(18803494, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	5	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Erstklassiges Hotel in bester Lage   showReview(18526829, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>H么tel tr猫s bien plac茅 脿 Tokyo   showReview(16588161, 'full');   
<Date>May 26, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Sehr gut gelegen   showReview(16588160, 'full');   
<Date>May 21, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>On y reviendra   showReview(16588159, 'full');   
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>hotel sympa   showReview(16588158, 'full');   
<Date>May 12, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>dakar68
<Content>magnifique       vue du 39 猫me 茅tage tour annexe  
<Date>May 11, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鏈濋銇棊銆?#x201d;   showReview(19170628, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>J'y retournerai volontier   showReview(15571120, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 17, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Ich kann nur dieses Hotel f眉r Gruppenreise empfehlen.   showReview(15571110, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon rapport lieu / qualit茅 / prix   showReview(15571108, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>Yasaka
<Content>D茅cevant       Le washlet du Prince Hotel Shinagawa  
<Date>Apr 7, 2008
<Rating>3	2	2	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Excellent rapport qualit茅/prix   showReview(15571107, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sehr sauber und g眉nstige Lage   showReview(13196666, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 29, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Hotel bien plac茅 avec un tr茅s bon service   showReview(11305206, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 14, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>preisg眉nstig und durchaus zu empfehlen   showReview(11305205, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 31, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gute Lage   showReview(11663855, 'full');   
<Date>Oct 11, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	3	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gutes Preis-Leistungs-Verh盲ltnis!   showReview(11663854, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 29, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Entt盲uscht   showReview(11663856, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	2	-1	4	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>鍝佸窛銉椼儶銉炽偣銉涖儐銉?#x201d;   showReview(19163222, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 17, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	2	-1	-1	-1	3	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Gerne wieder   showReview(11446889, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 7, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

