<Author>rickyaciii
<Content>Staff Was Terribly Rude - Will not Return! I doubt I would ever stay at this hotel again. While the hotel was clean and roomy, a staff member was horrendously rude to my family and I and it appears to me that an attempt was made to overcharge us. To preface this, I have traveled in Europe before and consider myself a good traveler 鈥?I know it is not home and that things are different, and I embrace that aspect. I also prepare ahead and check my facts carefully, so this horrible experience was a complete surprise.On this occasion, I was traveling with my family of five (three adults and two teenagers). We booked our room on Holiday-Inn鈥檚 website, which described it as a, 鈥溾€AMILY SUITE鈥︹€?for, 鈥溾€? PERSON(S) MAX PER ROOM鈥︹€?When I booked, I clearly indicated that we were a party of three adults and two children. The quoted rate, confirmed in my confirmation e-mail, was 鈧?49 + 鈧?0 (labeled as, 鈥淓xtra Persons Charge / Night.鈥? = 鈧?69.Prior to coming to the hotel, I called Holiday Inn鈥檚 international desk (I do not know the exact name of this department), and confirmed that the ages of the children would not place them in 鈥渁dult鈥?status at the hotel. I do not think that it was the desk agent who misinformed me, as the events that transpired the day I checked in seem to indicate a hotel-based problem.Per my reservation, my family arrived on October 8. We all entered the lobby together around noon; checked in; verified the number of people, rate, and charges; and signed for our rate. We were advised that our room was not ready, and that we could access it after three. I emphasize that we checked in at this time, and we verified the rate and extra charges with the clerk.At approximately 9:15 the same night we returned from an exhausting day in Berlin and approached the front desk to pick up our key. A different clerk was working. The clerk advised us that we would need to pay 鈧?5 extra for each of the two children (for a total of 鈧?0 extra) as the hotel鈥檚 policy was that each extra child had to pay. I politely advised the clerk that we had booked the room at a rate of 鈧?49 plus an additional 鈧?0 for the adults, that we had indicated the presence of two children when reserving, that we were not eating breakfast at the hotel, and that the international desk of Holiday Inn had confirmed that the children would not be considered adults. The clerk鈥檚 tone then became, in my perception, very, very rude, and frankly I perceived the clerk鈥檚 attitude to be disparaging. The clerk advised us that in addition to our quoted rate we must pay 鈧?0 total for the two children. I offered to show the clerk my confirmation e-mail, but the clerk refused, advising us again of the need to pay 鈧?0 extra. The clerk then advised us that the clerk believed that we were getting an excellent 鈥渄eal.鈥?I asked the clerk why it was that we were not informed of the additional 鈧?0 charge when we checked in earlier in the day, and the clerk stated that the charge simply had to be added. I further advised the clerk that had we been told of the charge in the morning when we checked in, I could have sought another hotel with a more reasonable rate during the day. The clerk then had the audacity to say, in what I perceived to be a very rude tone, 鈥淵ou would leave over 30 euros?鈥?This was stated in front of other guests, and with one of the children in our party present. I advised the clerk that we would, and that we would like for the staff to seek another hotel. Finally, the clerk looked over our records, and indicated that since I am an ICH priority member, the charges would be waived.I should add that it seems audacious that the hotel charges an extra fee for each person after the first adult in a family suite, and that while the fee is 鈧?0 for adults, it is 鈧?5 for children over 12. I personally suspect that the employee interpreted the hotel policy incorrectly, or that the hotel was trying to add fees inappropriately.  
<Date>Nov 20, 2008
<Rating>1	2	4	4	5	1	2	3	

<Author>DublinSupersaint
<Content>a handy spot for a quick visit just back from a 2 day break in this hotel, and have to say really enjoyed my stay here, just a note the address of this hotel is mitte but i think its more in the wedding district as i found when i did my traveling however don't let this put you off. the area is fine and there is a train  underground 15 seconds walk which has easy access to central berlin. also in the area outside the hotel there are shops to suit all plus a large shopping center, on the hotel its self we had a twin room which was fine not very big but done the job also very clean, minibar if required one thing to note here is there is bottled water on your table which i thought was free but on close inspection they was a 鈧?! charge, i did not eat in the hotel so can say anything about the food the staff were very friendly and the check in was hassle free as was check out would defo stay here again as i worked out my routes for the things i wanted to do in berlin.  
<Date>Sep 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>GOGraffer
<Content>Good Value, Nice Staff, Interesting Location       My room on the 8th floor  
<Date>Aug 10, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>naiphuhi
<Content>Good Mid-range hotel, great staff, be prepared to use public transport Good points - We stayed in a family room which was clean and tidy and of a reasonable size. The room was cleaned thoroughly and fresh towels provided each day. The staff were very friendly, helpful and spoke a good standard of English- certainly enough to give directions and useful advice. The breakfast was great with a wide selection available including childrens food and anything else you can imagine(fruit, cereal, yoghurt, cold meats, hot meats, cheeses, pastries etc etc etc).Bad points - Our only concern was the location. Given the name of the hotel we expected it to be in Mitte and therefore a little closer to the centre of Berlin. It should really be called 'Holiday Inn, Berlin- Wedding'. If you are looking for a selection of bars and restaurants at your doorstep then I wouldn't recommend this hotel unless you are particularly interested in takeaway kebabs. It is close to the U- and S-bahn station (2 min walk) which gave easy access to the centre of town and the main tourist attractions (approx 10 min on train). Be prepared to travel to get to restaurants/ tourist attractions.  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>3	3	3	2	5	5	5	3	

<Author>DavidH9190
<Content>Nice enough hotel, basic and close to U-Bahn My wife and I stayed in the Holiday Inn, Mitte in December 2007, it is a nice enough hotel, quite basic, however the room was clean and the staff were friendly. The hotel is just off a main street with plenty of local shops, bakeries etc. The hotel is situated across from the 'Gesundbrunnen' underground, city train and railway station of the Deutsche Bahn, so travelling to and from the city centre is no problem. A 30 minute walk takes you right into the heart of the city centre. The local area has a very Turkish influence which although was off putting at first turned out to be quite enjoyable, the local Turkish cafes/bakeries were nice and the staff were very friendly and helpful. We went to Berlin in December to experience the Christmas markets, this in itself was a great experience and is thoroughly recommended.  
<Date>May 1, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>travellingdali
<Content>Fine room, location not great While the room and hotel was fine for the price, I found there were few restaurants or places to see within the vicinity. It is also quite a bit out from the city and the park in front was run down and littered when I was there. The other thing was I felt there was a safety issue around the U and S-bahn station at night with groups of youths hanging around and generally up to no good.The one other issue I had was that the front desk, while helpful, gave me incorrect directions to get to the airport, so I ended up changing at the wrong station. Fortunately with the regularity of the trains I was able to hop back on and go to the right stop, but it is something to be aware of when asking for directions.  
<Date>Mar 19, 2008
<Rating>2	3	3	3	3	3	3	3	

<Author>LizyAmsterdam
<Content>Best breakfast EVER! Really a great hotel! Free sauna and gym, clean rooms and a very very very great breakfast! Neighbourhood was not so good, and there wasn' t a lot to do. Very close to the U and S bahn, which can take you to everywhere. I would really recommend this hotel to everybody!  
<Date>Jan 17, 2008
<Rating>4	4	3	2	3	3	2	1	

<Author>hansardtony
<Content>Dissapointing for the money Stayed for 5 nights @119 E per night (99 + 20 extra person).Had room 809 which was smoking when non requested. Breakfast OK but monotonous - same every day. Dinner the same every night ! However large choice of restaurants locally. Very good for trains into town / airports / Sacchenhausen etc. Room carpet very stained but cleaners in every day.Would choose alternative next time.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	3	2	3	3	-1	

<Author>stuart462
<Content>There Are Better Hotels August in Berlin can be hot, and a sunny south facing room with no air conditioning can be horrible, which this, as a result was. Perhaps at other times of the year this would not be an issue. At least you can open the windows nice and wide but installing air-con would help a lot! It's a hotel with eight accomodation floors and ONE lift. That's just not enough. Nothing can be done about that!The breakfast room also didn't appear to cope too comfortably with all the guests, but that could just be because it was quite full. Maybe slightly smaller tables but more of them might help?The bedside lights were too far over to the bed and I kept banging my head on the lampshade. They need to be higher up.They changed the name to Mitte recently, which reflects the administrative district, not what most folk would call the Mitte. A bit like saying Swiss Cottage is Camden because it's in the London Borough Of Camden! How about Holiday Inn - Gesundbrunnen?There are very few dining opportunities nearby unless you like kebabs or fast food.On the plus side, it's near Gesundbrunnen S and U Bahn stations and an indoor shopping centre. Staff seemed okay, some quite freindly and helpful. Rooms seem spacious and bathroom okay.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	1	2	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Traveller21345
<Content>Great hotel, although we had some complications My husband and I stayed at this Holiday Inn for one week in April for sightseeing purposes. The hotel is less than 5 minutes from a subway station, which easily connects you to all of the major sites in Berlin. There are also at least 2 bakeries on the way to the subway, which made for decent, very cheap breakfasts.The hotel surroundings were very quiet and we never had a problem with noise. The room itself was small, but clean and well maintained for the entire week that we were there. The bathroom did have a bit of a funny smell, but it did not permeate into the rest of the room. We had a non-smoking room and had no problem with residual smoke smells or perfume used to cover up smoke smells (as stated in some earlier reviews).My main complaint is that we had some major billing issues. I had booked the room online through the hotel website. I brought my printout from the website with me and this printout included a total price that had to be paid. Despite this, the hotel insisted on charging me 10 euros more per night (this was after the extra person fee had already been taken into account). On 4 separate occassions I had to argue with the staff and show them my printout. On each occassion, I was told that I was correct and that the bill would be fixed. However, this only lasted until the next shift started, and then I had the same problems again. The problem even persisted through my departure and I had to work on the situation from home via e-mail. In the end, the problem was fixed and an appropriate refund was made.Outside of the billing problems, I thought that the hotel was a great value for the price, especially considering its close location to the subway. I assume that the billing problems were a freak event, so I would actually recommend this hotel to others. As for myself though, it gave me such a headache that I may try a different hotel next time.  
<Date>May 13, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	2	2	4	

<Author>familyholidayfan
<Content>Extremely impressed with this hotel Wondered what it would be like as some of previous reviews were not all complimentary. Upgraded to a suite as there were no family rooms left. Excellent room, fantastic views, bedlinen changed daily (which doesn't always happen if you are staying more than one night). Staff very friendly, and responded to all requests immediately. Endless choice of hot and cold food at breakfast. Not in centre but 5 minutes walk from U / S Bahn station. Would not hesitate to stay again or recommend to others.  
<Date>Apr 10, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

<Author>damosp
<Content>"Good location - Good value for money" We stayed at Holiday inn Berlin Humboldt Park Hotel from 16-02-07 to 19-02-07. We were three couples. The purpose of out trip was the sightseeing of Berlin.The hotel is opposite the metro (Gesundbrunnen station), 4 stops from Alexander-Platz. The neighbourhood is very quiet and full of eating places so you do not really need a breckfast.You can also use the stores in the Gesundbrunnen Centre 鈥?big mall centre outside the Gesundbrunnen station (Open from 08:00-22:00, food stores open around 09:00 and most of the stores at 10:00 - closed on Sundays).The rooms were clean, well decorated and functioned. The bed was comfortable but the quilt was short and narrow. We solved that problem by putting on maximum the heating. The breakfast was nice, but we suggest the food from the streets鈥?br/>The main advantage of this hotel was the staff: Friendly, polite, quick and efficient. They really tried to be helpful in every way. They helped us in ticket issuing and gave us directions for the metro and sightseeing. We would definitely stay to that hotel in the future because is a great value for money.Some tips about the transport and the city:The metro system and especially trains (S-Bahn) is quite complicated so do your homework before travelling, then visit the information store at the airport (any airport), ask there anything you need and take the necessary maps. Even Schonefeld airport is located inside zone B, so you will probably only have to use a ticket for AB zones only for going from the airport to the city center. The WelcomeCard 2007 [--] is probably a wise choice for a 2 or 3 days stay, but check it at the information store. If you miss that, you won鈥檛 have the opportunity to ask anybody at the train station (at least at Schonefeld airport). Be careful: There is also the CityTourCard 1-2鈧?chipper but probably the Welcome Card is much better as it has more discounts that the CityTourCard [--]. At train station there are only automatic machines issuing tickets (and the cards) but as you will probably find a lot of people queuing there it will not be possible for you to have a throughout look of the system and understand it. We did not have a good search at the machines but it looks like that some machines sell the Welcome card or CityTourCard and other ones no so, be careful!!Each time you use a train, double check the correct platform and the correct train which I am not quite sure how you will find it (prefer to find a German to ask but not expect much especially if you do not speak good German). We experienced people telling as wrong info and others giving the correct ones even in the same wagon :(A convenient way to have a quick look of the city centre are bus lines 100 and 200. Many people do not speak English for example at Potsdam Hauptbahnhof info store, but they print you the schedule of the trains (it depends on your skills though to find the correct train). If you are going to visit the Sanssouci Palace and the rest of palaces at Potsdam, be prepared that the tour is guided only in German language. They give you a brochure in English, but most of the telling remains a mystery to you (Especially when people ask things, etc)! Of course you pay for a guided tour and they do not allow you to do it by yourself!!  
<Date>Mar 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	3	4	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>Vardomannen
<Content>OK for the price Good location within easy reach of all of Berlin's major sights. However this didn't compensate too much for the step back in time. I lived in Warsaw for a while in the early 1990's and was transported back to my younger days by the interior and smells of this hotel. There was something strange and somewhat surreal about the whole experience. The corridors smelled as if they hadn't been aired - a kind of musty / stagnant water smell. The wide corridors also reminded me of East European public buildings of a bygine era. Once into the room however, the smell and ambience disappeared. This is one of the more standard Holiday Inns I've stayed in, although for a price of 79 Euro in the centre of berlin, I suppose you get what you pay for. I got no recognition as a Platinum Card Holder - the hotel may well have been fully booked or something, but no explanation was forthcoming (I speak fluent German, so it wasn't due to language difficulties).On the plus side; the room was clean and functional. Nothing more, nothing less. No tea/coffee facilities (am I getting to demanding in my old age?), and a minimum amount of towels in the room (or was there just one towel - I forget) but there are plenty of cafes and restaurants in the area, mostly Turkish / Asian, but the ones I tried were good. The hotel is a 5-minute-walk from the train station at Gesundbrunnen from where you can access any part of Berlin. Would I recommend it? If you're looking for a fairly basic, but clean hotel, in what seemed like an OK area of town and can get a good rate, then go for it. If you're expecting anything unusual, extraordinary, spectacular or rememberable, then go elsewhere.  
<Date>Feb 19, 2007
<Rating>3	3	3	3	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>morrisen
<Content>Good place to stay at for the cityshopper       View from the hotel  
<Date>Jan 9, 2007
<Rating>4	4	3	3	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Garamanda
<Content>Good Hotel-Good location Hotel was well located for further travel around Berin. The Hotel itself was clean and staff were helpful and friendly. I had booked a family room that was spacious and suited our needs.We had the buffet breakfast within the hotel that was priced at 14 Euros per adult. Our children, (both under 16) eat for free. The breakfast was very good, with a huge variety of food that catered for all tastes.We had one evening meal at the restaurant that frankly was a let down. Go else where.We had a fantastic time at the Christmas markets-we found that food, drink and fairground rides were very reasonably priced.Here's a tip-The stalls selling beer, mulled wine etc at the markets charge an additional 2 euro deposit per glass or mug which isn't that well advertised. So don't put your glass on the bar and walk away without collecting your deposit!!  
<Date>Dec 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	3	3	4	4	4	-1	

<Author>Richwyl50
<Content>Good Location - Adequate Hotel The Holiday Inn Humboldt Park is actually located at the Gesundbrunnen S and U-Bahn station, not Humboldt Park. It is across from the park.Transit connections are excellent to get all over Berlin. The neighborhood is very pleasant, and typical of Berlin.The hotel itself is a modern high rise. The staff is mediocre at best. I speak German so there was no language problem. The room I was given reeked of perfume. I was exhausted upon arrival after a transatlantic flight so I took it. I figured the smell would be gone if I left the windows opened. It didn't happen. It was overpowering and I eventually asked to have my room changed. The desk staff was not pleased by this, but I insisted. It turns out that they spray perfume in smoking rooms and then let them as non-smoking rooms.The side of the hotel that faces the park has a nice view, but there is street noise. The cobblestone street is quite noisy, so with the windows open it can be bothersome.There was a very nice breakfast buffet, but it was 19 euros, which I found very expensive. There is a shopping mall across the street at the train station where I found several places to have a much less expensive breakfast. There are also a number of places in the Badstrasse to eat, including several kepab places that stay open late. I also found an Internet cafe that was very inexpensive to use and is just a block from the hotel.  
<Date>Aug 21, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	4	4	3	2	3	

<Author>Zurich
<Content>Smoking - Non Smoking I booked a suite at a very reasonable rate (鈧?6 w/out breakfast). Arriving at 12.30 we were even allowed into the room - which smoked badly after smoke. The staff were sorry and reaccomodated us into a non smoking suite, which proved to be two rooms with four beds each instead of a separate living room. We were not happy at all.Later in the afternoon the (new) receptionist told us that the first room would have been a non smoking room and she was looking for a solution. Meanwhile we were offered a free cup of coffee. She came up with a non smoking suite opposite to the first room. Well, the way it smelled it was a quickly over perfumed smoking room but we did not object.Later in the night I heard a funny noise as if someone would try to get into our room. When I opened the door (with the do not disturb tag at the handle) I met a very surprised couple which said that they are assigned to this room. The receptionist wrote down a wrong number (it was the opposite room instead, our first one).The second morning (Sunday) we tried the breakfast buffet. The restaurant looks a bit dark on enterin it but has some natural light in the rear. The tables are quite big and there is enough space between them. The buttet is ok, not really good, not really bad. The service personnel was close to being unkind, what I found annoying.The location is good because it is close to the underground and S-Bahn Gesundbrunnen. This station is served by the circle line (S-Bahn) and the north-west-connection going to Friedrichstrasse. The underground serves Alexanderplatz.Next to the hotel is the entrance to a historic tunnel system built during war time. It can be visited by guided tours.All in all, the hotel is good if you want clean and bright rooms and that's it. Plus a location with absolutely no glamour and no trend-setting, just a genuine north berlin setting - absolutely authentic.  
<Date>Feb 28, 2005
<Rating>2	5	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>KarenVABeach
<Content>Great staff, nice hotel The hotel was very clean. The staff was very patient and helpful. We didn't bother with the restaurant because there are several restaurants and bakeries within walking distance. Great location. There is a huge mall (by German standards) right next tothe hotel. The U-bahn is also a few steps away. It wasn't hard to navigate our way to the sites.  
<Date>Nov 23, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Totokamion
<Content>Insomma...!   showReview(22235533, 'full');   
<Date>Nov 27, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	3	2	2	2	3	

<Author>paglieri
<Content>Das HOlIDAY INN IS SUPPER !!!   showReview(19276652, 'full');   
<Date>Aug 23, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>o.k.   showReview(18539423, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 13, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>im n盲chsten Jahr gerne wieder   showReview(18539422, 'full');   
<Date>Jul 9, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>lass=
<Content>Tr猫s bon hotel et sutout bien situ茅 (m茅tro 脿 proximit茅)   showReview(16588439, 'full');   
<Date>May 6, 2008
<Rating>4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>mouchfamily01
<Content>s茅jour en famille   showReview(15296932, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 24, 2008
<Rating>4	4	5	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>lass=
<Content>sch枚nes Hotel   showReview(15579968, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 20, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	5	-1	2	-1	5	-1	

<Author>karibuni73
<Content>ottimo hotel   showReview(8698882, 'full');   
<Date>Sep 12, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	4	4	5	4	-1	

