<Author>Nikho
<Content>Off the beaten path Pros:- Clean and cozy- Great front desk staff- On-site bar/restaurant- Location virtually on the Embarcadero and within walking distance to at least half a dozen restaurants.Cons:- The rooms can be a bit cozy for two people- The sink is in front of the bedI stayed at this hotel on the suggestion of a co-worker for a business trip. It's location makes it a great place to stay as you can walk to the Embarcadero at night and walk off to Market during the day where there's plenty of other things to see and do.The bar/restaurant on site was closed for remodeling when I visited but my co-worker says that it's a great place to lounge around so I thought I'd share his insights.  
<Date>Sep 30, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	4	4	3	

<Author>Mermac
<Content>Wonderful Boutique Hotel I stayed at the Hotel Griffon because I was attending a conference at a near by hotel and that hotel had been fully booked. How happy I am that I was able to stay at the Griffon instead! The Griffon offered such polite and personal attention, unlike the other larger chain hotel at which the conference was held. Immediately upon registering, I was warmly greeted by the desk clerk who knew all about my state's crazy NFL quarterback situation. It set the tone for the kind of service I received thoughout my entire stay. The rooms were small, but appointed with lovely furnishings. The breakfast provided in the morning afforded a great light start for the day without having to get out of my PJs too early. I was not able to eat at the restaurant because it was under renovation, but I had no problem with construction noise. One note-be prepared for the tiny elevator. It can get very cozy with two or three people riding. The robes provided in the rooms could be a little nicer, too, but just the fact that they were there was a nice feature.Overall, this hotel was well located, had a very caring staff ,and was more than comfortable. They also offer free wifi internet in the rooms, which I find to be a real ammenity in the pay-per-day world of many hotels. I would not hesitate to return to the Hotel Griffon, and would reccommend it to anyone looking for a quiet spot in the heart of San Francisco.  
<Date>Aug 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nyc10010
<Content>Avoid -- does not honor reservations I certainly echo the other comments about the lack of customer service and the unprofessional front desk. This hotel persistently does not honor confirmed reservations and attempts to send those customers that it turns away to substandard hotels such as the Hotel Fitzgerald. In addition, its personnel falsely claimed that there were no other hotels available in San Francisco when Hotels.com was able after a perfunctory search to locate a number of available rooms in the area.  
<Date>Aug 11, 2008
<Rating>1	1	-1	-1	-1	1	-1	1	

<Author>patuk104
<Content>Very small rooms, great location, perfect for a quick stay My boyfriend and I stayed here for a day and we had a great time. The restaurant was under renovation so we heard a little bit of construction in the morning. Rooms are tiny, but do the trick if you don't plan on spending much time in them. Very nice mounted flat screen tv. Location was awesome, right next to MUNI, BART, etc. About 1.3 miles of Pier 39.Parking is valet only, 40 bucks a night.Overall, great if you're looking for a place to sleep at night.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>4	3	3	4	4	3	4	-1	

<Author>Mr_MartinOC
<Content>Awful service and horrible guestrooms! Me and my wife stayed here as it looked nice on website and appeared to be in good area and were advertising a good deal for a room with Bay view. Ok. Well, upon arrival desk staff treated us like dirt, manager argued with us and also expedia rep, and refused to give us the room we had paid for. They were so awful, I have never seen something like it before - absolutely awful staff at front desk, including the manager. They finally gave us our room after waiting, arguing and having to go through a humiliating experience in the lobby. The guestroom was small and not very nice, and there is lots of noise from the street. Please do not stay here, they do not deserve to be in business in such a nice city like San Francisco. I hope they go out of business. Do not stay here, you will hate it.  
<Date>Jul 31, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	2	2	1	1	2	

<Author>legend87
<Content>Avoid the Griffon       View from our hotel room  
<Date>Jul 24, 2008
<Rating>2	2	3	5	4	1	3	4	

<Author>nensbiggestfan
<Content>Terrible Desk Staff  I made a reservation a month in advance through the hotel's website and pre-paid for a suite with patio. When I arrived at the hotel, the desk clerk had me sign the paperwork and THEN told me there was not a suite for me due to an error in their reservation system. He said the manager left a note authorizing me to get a regular room at a discount -- $40 off the full rack rate. The desk clerk was not at all apologetic for their error, and when I asked to speak to the manager she was also unapologetic. I felt I had been given a bait and switch by the hotel, and since they already had my money I could not take my business elsewhere. When I finally got the manager to begrudgingly allow me a room for more of a discount (still only $85 off the rack rate), I had to argue with her to get her to issue me a refund of the money I had already paid. She insisted she would be on duty in the morning and would give me my refund when I checked out. I persisted in requesting it be given to me right then. When she finally relented it took her nearly 15 minutes to process it. I found this insulting -- if I had requested an upgrade and was paying for it, they certainly would have run the charge immediately and quickly. The room was ok, but seemed to be 1/4 the size of the suite I had booked. To cap it all off, the difficulty checking in and the feet dragging by the manager made me late and I missed one of the performers I had been looking forward to seeing at the concert I went to that evening. The rooms themselves are decent enough, but the service here is beyond horrible.  
<Date>May 19, 2008
<Rating>1	1	2	4	4	1	-1	-1	

<Author>exebeth
<Content>Great stay The staff at the hotel was very friendly and helpful. The room was small but really cozy and comfortable, and very quiet. The location is great, right across from the Ferry Market Building, and interesting restaurants. I had a great time, and am planning to go back soon.  
<Date>Mar 18, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Joemugg
<Content>Surprisingly Nice I stayed at the Hotel Griffon during a recent weekend catching up with some college friends. I booked after careful consideration of the reviews, and also because I was able to secure a great price. Think I paid 100 dollars. I arrived in a rainstorm, and was warmly and professionally greeted, and welcomed to my room 416. The hotel has a boutique feel without the boutique price, and the rooms are small but well-appointed. It's perfect for one person, to luxuriate. The rooms have earthtone schemes, an abundance of fabric but not too fussy at all. The wall-mounted plasma screen was cool. As was the silky, clean robes. I also enjoyed the many complimentary sundry items such as the Aveda products, and Wolfgang Puck coffee. Basically, I just hung out watching TV and drinking hot coffee, and it felt great, a nice antidote to being out in the City. Previous posters have mentioned the dim lighting'; there are multiple lighting sources in the room that overall illuminate the room's sexy/intimate character. It's dim/sexy not dim/dingy. I didn't feel as though the hotel was hiding any flaws using this lighting plan. The rooms are extremely clean and are fragrance-free. Note room 418 faces the Bay, and Bay Bridge and seems especially romantic. The hotel only has five stories btw. 418 may be a junior suite or what not but may be worth the additional expense if traveling with a spouse or companion and wanting to wow and luxuriate. I will definitely stay at the Griffon again when my plans take me North.  
<Date>Mar 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	4	4	4	

<Author>A_Light_Sleeper
<Content>Great place to stay Stayed for a recent business trip, just needed a nice, comfortable place to stay in town. Been to SF many times, downtown hotels are usually long on price and short on value. This hotel exceeded my expectations. Room was small but met all my needs. Bed very comfortable, large flat screen TV mounted on the wall. Amenities were plenty, free breakfast bar in the morning offered treats and pretty good coffee. Staff very friendly and accommodating. Great value considering it's right offm arket St. which makes getting anywhere easy. Will definitely stay there again.  
<Date>Mar 13, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	4	4	5	

<Author>kalian7
<Content>Great! I arrived at the Hotel Griffon via the airport shuttle and had been flying for quite some time so I was extremely pleased when I went to grab my bags and I was told to just leave them and that they were being taken care of - great service! Check-in was great and I was offered good advice on places to eat in the area. Talk about location! I stayed in SF previously, but at different hotels and wish I would have stumbled upon the Hotel Griffon first. The room is very quaint, but for a single traveler, it's just what I need. The bathroom amenities are definitely good quality as well. I've only been here a day so I have yet to try the continental breakfast and haven't ventured around the hotel much. So far so good.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>AZPeregrina
<Content>Everything I needed except an Internet connection I stayed a week in January for business after I was unable to book at the Harbor Court. I think I like the Griffon better than either the Harbor Court or Vitale. Harbor Court has the wonderful lobby and fireplace, plus the happy hour. Hotel Vitale has large rooms and great tubs and showers. But I like the Griffon's rooms better than Harbor Court's and I like the ambiance (esp in Jan) of either Harbor Court or Griffon over Vitale. I'd recommend any of the three, though.The good:Location--Embarcadero, Ferry Building, my company's officesRoom--Small but efficient. They emptied the frig for me so I could stock it with my own healthy food and drinks. Soft bed, and I didn't have to ask for extra pillows each night after the first night. Bathroom: Standard room had a sizeable tub. I can't resist walking everywhere in SF, so I needed a good soak at nightBreakfast--You can actually go low-carb with their free buffet. I grabbed coffee and a rolled up cheese/lunchmeat sandwich each morning.YMCA access--I didn't use it this trip, but our corporate rate included free access at the great Y next door. Other rates allow access for a small fee.The not-so-good:Internet--Neither wired nor wireless worked my entire stay. I got a feeble excuse from the front desk that it was the weather. I didn't pursue the issue because I had easy access at the office, but if I hadn't, it would have been a big problem for me. I did resent lugging my laptop on this trip for no reason, though.Lighting--The rooms are designed very efficiently, with all I needed but extra pillows. However, the lighting over the sink was atrocious. I turned on all the lights, and it was still dark. Hopefully, if you're doing makeup, you can bring your own lighted mirror.Room service--Though no different in any other hotel I've stayed at in SF, it really is ridiculous to order a sandwich and drink, and with fee/tip have it cost nearly $30. There are just too many great options close by that are much more delicious and cheaper. I love Mijita in the Ferry Building, plus Yank Sing in the Rincon Center. If you want to spend big bucks, there are plenty of close high-priced restaurants, as well.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	4	2	

<Author>Vickster01Sydney
<Content>Two separate stays - one great experience For a single, female traveller, this hotel truly met my needs with a very central location to all sorts of transport, walking distance to several key sites and easy access to restaurants of all tastes and budgets as well as local atmosphere. After contacting the property direct, I got a better rate for my first two nights, which they extended to a third night three weeks later. My rooms were small, sure, but this was OK for one person. My room had no views, and the window looking out to a small courtyard surrounded by other rooms - no problem, as I got out to enjoy the views! Rooms were well-appointed with a modern decor, large plasma TV, lovely Aveda toiletry products and a large, comfortable bed. Service was friendly, and Kevin and Sam, the porters/concierges, were fantastic. Also located one block from nightly markets, an open ice skating rink around Christmas, great close-up views of the Bay Bridge and also The Ferry Building (an beautifully old restored building which is one of several ferry stops and has various restaurants as well as retail shops for great browsing), it should suit all tastes and budgets. I also enjoyed the close location to the financial district, as I was across the street from a post office and within walking distance to many other services, including banks, an ATT shop for mobile phone service, a great bagel cafe, Noah's, the BART system (for an easy trip from the airport) and one of the cable lines. The free internet access for hote guests was a bonus, and the continental breakfast was more than just cold croissants and coffee, with healthy options and great service. Finally, on my last day I was not feeling well, and they gladly extended my check-out to 1.00. My bags were later stored in a separate room behind the counter, so I felt they were secure while I explored during the day and came back at 6 pm for my shuttle to the airport. Overall, a great experience.  
<Date>Jan 18, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	5	3	5	-1	

<Author>ragtoplover
<Content>Disappointed--stick with Kimpton! Greatly disappointed in this small hotel. Compared with other small, boutique hotels in the city (specifically the Kimpton Brand Hotels), this hotel fell far short. The level of service was mediocre. The front desk was the biggest problem--highly unprofessional. Nobody offered luggage assistance, the concierge was never to be seen. We asked for directions and they were all wrong, twice. The first time, the front desk clerk didn't even know their street ends one block from the hotel (he seemed to pretend to be looking at a map). The second time we checked a map to confirm the written directions (we're not fools) and again found they were wrong. We gladly would have traded the cookies for a second bar of soap. It took so long to get a second bar of soap to the room, we just shared the one between the sink and the shower (also not thrilled that the sink/vanity is in the bed area and not the bathroom). All the trappings, little substance.  
<Date>Jan 4, 2008
<Rating>2	2	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>LalaLaine
<Content>OK, would consider again This hotel is not great, but it is not awful either. My boyfriend and I decided to book a room for one night since we did not want to drive home after a holiday party. The hotel served its purpose, it provided a clean and nice room to stay overnight. I would not consider this hotel if I was on vacation or staying for a longer trip. The rooms are very small and the service is lacking in some areas. We paid $118 for the room which I thought was very reasonable considering the area and the location. Since we were staying overnight, the size of the room and the lack of lighting was ebdurable. However, if I had stayed longer then that I would find the room stifling and a bit sad since the view to our window was of a wall.The location is great because you are close to some great restaurants like Ozumo, Boulevard, and the Ferry Building. If I am ever in the city again and need a place to just sleep I would consider this hotel again since it was inexpensive. It would not be worth it to me to pay more than $120 a night to stay at this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2007
<Rating>3	4	2	5	3	3	3	-1	

<Author>Rkatsiteli
<Content>Bait and Switch routine on Hotel Griffon room rates Classic bait-and-switch. The room rate they charged me was $20/night more than what they guaranteed when I made the reservation on their reservations website. I disputed this with the front desk clerk (showing him a copy of the original confirmation), who asserted that he couldn't do anything about it because there was no manager on duty until 8:30 a.m. He promised to raise it with the manager, but as he wrote down notes I could see that we was lying and his notes had no resemblance to our discussion.The facilities are pleasant enough, but there were at least two other problems:- the free wireless internet service doesn't reach the 3rd floor; and the old T-1 wiring connection has been disabled- Housekeeping isn't particularly thorough--there was a gross stain on the brown bedspread (blood? coffee? semen? mucus?). Yuck.At the originally promised room rate, this might be a good-enough lower end value-for-money hotel within walking distance of the Embarcadero. As it is, I'd suggest that it's unwise to patronize hotels that bait and switch on room rates. On most weeknights and with enough advance planning, the Hyatt Regency down the street has rooms for comparable rates (to the actual higher charged price) that offer more consistent quality if less funky atmosphere.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2007
<Rating>2	2	2	4	1	1	2	1	

<Author>TypicalTravler
<Content>A genuine disappointment I have just returned from a stay at the Hotel Griffon and I must say it turnd out to be a genuine disappointment. Previously I have stayed in a botique hotel in San Diego, the Bristol managed by the same company and was delighted with everything about the stay. When the opportunity to say at another one of their hotels came up, I was looking forward to it.On the positive side, the location is excellent and the hotel is well maintained and very clean. The staff was accomodating as well.Unfortunately, we needed a hotel with a restaurant and room serivce which were advertised. When we arrived on a Saturday we were informed the restaurant, bar, and room service were closed for a private party. If they e-mailed the confirmation I feel they could have advised us of this inconvenience. We were also advised the restaurant was closed on Sunday, so we had no opportunity to utilize these services. The hotel made no conselatory effort when we expressed our displeasure.The rooms are also tiny....very tiny. Botique hotels very often have small rooms but two adults could barely pass by one another in the room and there was no space to set up a suit case stand. To add to the situation. Many of the rooms open on to a light well that is very tiny so you get no natural light. The rooms are sealed but there are only heating systems so when the room gets warm or stuffy there is no way to draw in cool or fresh air. I can't imagine making a return visit to this or any of thier properities.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2007
<Rating>1	2	1	5	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>noelmal
<Content>Great location We loved being so close to the Ferry building and some great restaurants. The Farmer's Market on Saturday was such a great venue for people watching, not to mention the amazing food. Rooms are very small, and most do not have a view of anything except walls or other windows. The rooms are almost too small for two people because of the lack of storage space for two suitcases. Closet is tiny and there is not a dresser. Lighting is not good and there is not a full length mirror. If you expect a high level of service then this is not the hotel for you. Staff is friendly but not polished. Room maintance and housekeeping are average - visiable defects but no real deal breakers. The breakfast was good with fresh pastries, bagels, juice and cereals. Room decor and public space decor is comfortable.We got a good rate (about $150 a night) and we booked it for the location so we were pleased overall with the value that we received.  
<Date>Oct 28, 2007
<Rating>3	3	2	5	3	3	3	4	

<Author>jptChicago
<Content>What a Great Hotel! ABSOLUTELY LOVED THE HOTEL GRIFFON! Just returned from a lengthy northern California trip and i can say that my stay at the Griffon was the highlight. Yes the rooms are small but this is an old school hotel and the rate was about half of what I found elsewhere. the location is fantastic and the area has tons of great restaurants and bars. FYI, Mexico DF next door serves food until 1am and the Rincon market on the corner of howard and spear has everything you would need food wise to stock your fridge. I would definetly stay here again! Also, take the California street cable car up to Union Square and get a seat at the cafe on the front sidewalk of the Macy's Mens store. Best people watching in San Fran!  
<Date>Oct 1, 2007
<Rating>5	5	3	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>TigermomPDX
<Content>No Room at the Inn I called and booked the reservation directly as part of a group with PGE. When I arrived they had me down as a no show on the wrong date, and had no other rooms available. My confirmation number was worthless, even though I figured out what happened - I booked on the 17th of Auguest for the 19th of Sept - they put down the 17th of Sept. They told me I could either wait 3 hours and see if there was a cancellation or they would call next door . Ultimately they did make an attempt to help me find another hotel - at over 2 times the Griffon's cost, but when I went back to check on cancellations the man wouldn't even slow down and look at us directly - apparently couldn't be bothered. Said I should have gotten an email confirmation - which I didn't - I checked.Try being in downtown San Francisco, with a Microsoft conference in town and no hotel! I learned a lesson about boutique hotels on this trip - keep with the ones who might possibly have a back up plan , or an alternative property., or a reciprocity arrangement.Our group contact was not surprised I had no email confirmation - that is the norm. I was surprised at the attitude of the gentleman at the desk.  
<Date>Sep 23, 2007
<Rating>1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>cburch22
<Content>Great Location My husband and I stayed here for one night (a Saturday night). The location could not be beat- it was a block and a half from the Embarcadero and ferry buildings. We've been to San Fran a few times before but had never ventured down to this area. The farmers market there on the weekend was amazing and it was fun to spend an hour or two just wandering around, taking it all in. We took a ferry from there to Sausalito for lunch at Horizon's (great food, great atmosphere with outside seating right on the water- was perfect!) and then ate dinner at the Hotel's restaurant- Faz. Great italian food with a view of the Bay Bridge. Very romantic.The hotel room was small, as most boutique rooms are, but clean and nice. The free breakfast was very well done. Everyone there was very nice and helpful. We would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Aug 22, 2007
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>waterbebe
<Content>Great little hotel Just returned from a 3-day, 2-night stay at the Hotel Griffon. I'd recommend staying in a room towards the back of the hotel on the Embarcadero side. A coworker had a front room and it was loud due to the post office across the street. The room was clean. The sink/vanity are outside of the bathroom and in the actual room itself. Overall the room is smaller than most hotels, however the king-size bed, window seat, and desk probably had something to do with that. The bed was incredibly comfortable. No scratchy sheets or unknown substances on the comforters. Plasma flat-screen TV on the wall - with limited reception. It was a bit warm in the room even with the AC all the way down. I just grabbed the handy little fan from the closet. A comfy bathrobe to wear, Aveda products for the bath, and a bottle of water and cookie every night also hit the spot. Breakfast consisted of cereal, oatmeal, yogurt, fruit cups, breads and cheese and meat platter. Plus coffe, juice, etc. The hotel also offerred appetizers nightly as well. Front desk staff very helpful. Concierge very nice but not very knowledgeable about getting around city.  
<Date>Aug 2, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	4	4	-1	

<Author>mpartyp
<Content>Great Hotel, Great Location I recommend this hotel. The Hotel Griffon is a very nice boutique hotel located in the financial district. The rooms are small, but newly renovated and quite comfortable. The staff was extremely nice and willing to please. There are a lot of very nice restaurants within walking distance, especially Cosmopolitan. The ferry building is around the corner and the bus lines that run up Market to Union Square are within a couple of blocks.The Hotel lowered their on-line price after I had made reservations. When I inquired about getting the new discounted rate they were more than happy to accommodate me.  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>FreddieBSeattle
<Content>Great staff and cute (small) room, but slow valet       Room 4 - looking from the bed to the door  
<Date>May 21, 2007
<Rating>4	3	3	4	5	5	5	4	

<Author>GalenaGuy
<Content>Mediocre The Hotel Griffon is in an excellent location near the Ferry Building. The rates are reasonable ($164 on hotel website). I don't recommend it, however, as there are many nicer hotels in San Francisco. When I arrived after a long drive from southern California, the front desk clerk suggested I go out and park my own car on the street. I had to ask twice for the car to be parked -- I was tired, it was almost midnight and the neighborhood was new to me. There was no bellman, no greeter. The next morning, when 9 a.m. and the end of the complimentary breakfast arrived, the cleaning crew swooped all the food, coffee and hot water away, and took the guests' plates, etc. even though several people were still enjoying coffee with a newspaper, etc. The staff didn't ask if anyone wanted more coffee, or leave the coffee for refills. Very rude. The in room temperature control didn't work, neither did the ice machine. With poor service and an indifferent staff, the incredible location and decent price can't save this hotel from a mediocre rating.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2007
<Rating>2	2	3	4	3	1	2	-1	

<Author>beachtraveler404
<Content>SMALL rooms at Hotel Griffon!       Sink and mirror are in room, a few feet from the end of the bed  
<Date>Nov 15, 2006
<Rating>3	3	1	4	4	4	5	4	

<Author>DCAmy
<Content>Can do better in San Francisco Fine hotel and good location, but tiny rooms that face a brick wall with incredible pigeon screeches beginning at 6am. The room was so small that I had to work sitting on my bed -- the desk was miniscule. The staff was helpful, though it took four tries for them to figure out how to connect to their wireless Internet in their lobby. There are many more interesting hotels in the area -- like the Rex Hotel.  
<Date>Feb 7, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Charming Stayed here in October and really enjoyed it. The room, although extremely small, was clean and charming. Maybe a room with a view might make a difference in staying here again - we had the view of a brick wall. But the location was great!! And it beats staying someplace like the Hyatt.  
<Date>Feb 2, 2006
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>jessue
<Content>Think you could do better We stayed at the Hotel Griffon for two nights back in March of 2005. Basically, I feel there is nothing wrong with the hotel. It has a certain charm because it is an old building. I did notice the sloping floors as I headed towards the elevator, but our room itself did not have a problem. The room was small, but nice, and we did not have any problem with musty smells at all. There is only one major complaint I have regarding this hotel. Although they have indoor parking at a price, it is a good block away and, worse than that, it is the most cramped, horrible, parking environment I have ever encountered in a parking garage. Without maneuvering several different times you cannot get into or out of any of the spaces. That being said, if you don't have a car to park, The Griffon is an okay hotel, but I think you could do better for the money. Try the Petite Auberge and get a fireplace room and a fantastic breakfast, including wine and appetizers in the evening for the same price. And yes, Petite Auberge has valet parking.  
<Date>Sep 16, 2005
<Rating>3	3	3	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Great location...but Wouldn't stay here again. We had a harbor view room, the view was great, but the room was incredibly noisy and also incredibly small. Sink in the room, nothing terribly impressive about the room, although the bed was comfy. Carpet was stained, bathroom nothing special. Not surprisingly, the rooms look much better on their web-site. The staff was helpful, the continental breakfast a nice touch, but that is about it! If you like the location the Harbor Court Hotel is next door.  
<Date>Aug 25, 2005
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>swirlinabc
<Content>Relatively pleasant stay, though a bit odd I stayed at this hotel on business overnight. Overall, I had a nice stay, though this hotel is a bit quirky. I was booked into room 411. This room features a queen size bed and small couch in an L shaped room. There are nice amenities such as bathrobes, nice sheets, nice toiletries.What was odd about this room is that there are some definite settling issues. Somewhat to be expected for an old hotel, but the room noticably slants uphill towards the bed. So much, in fact, that the nightstand and desk drawers do not stay shut. Another oddity is that the television is mounted very high on the wall. It makes for awkward viewing and craning your neck. This room may not be ideal for a longer stay because there is no dresser in the room. If I had to choose between a couch or a dresser, I would have probably picked a dresser because the location of the couch does not allow you to watch television. Oh, and because of the couch, the closet door does not open all the way.There was no iron or ironing board in the room, but when I called for one, it was promptly delivered. Service was quite efficient, and the complimentary continental breakfast was very good.Overall, I had a nice stay. I've had better, had worse. There are plenty of boutique hotels in San Francisco that are much better.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2005
<Rating>3	4	3	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Poor service!   showReview(3494579, 'full');   
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>1	2	2	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Bad smells was just the beginning   showReview(3321347, 'full');   
<Date>Apr 1, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	3	-1	1	-1	

<Author>bosanova99
<Content>Love! Love! Love!   showReview(3287150, 'full');   
<Date>Mar 19, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>azmove
<Content>not that impressed   showReview(2981967, 'full');   
<Date>Jan 6, 2005
<Rating>5	3	2	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

