<Author>ljm3764
<Content>Wonderful, as always Staying at the Windsor Court is always a pleasure. The service is outstanding and is the main reason to stay here. Heated outdoor saltwater pool is very relaxing, so bring your bathing suit.Internet access is fast and free, so there is no annoying charge as at many other hotels. This is one of the many small, but significant, ways in which the Windsor Court treats guests well.I hope I will be back soon!  
<Date>Jan 11, 2009
<Rating>5	5	4	4	5	5	5	5	

<Author>RobLongmeadow_MA
<Content>Great hotel My wife and I visited New Orleans for the first time in December and wanted to stay in what we thought would be the best hotel in town, well situated for the sights we wanted to see. The Windsor Court was a perfect choice. This is near the French Quarter in a nice part of the city, and our room offered a view of the Mississippi River. As New Englanders, we found the welcomes in New Orleans unsurpassed, whether in restaurants or shops, and every staff member of the hotel was as helpful and welcoming as possible. Everyone should visit New Orleans post-Katrina, as it is a testament to the love and dedication of people who have suffered great loss and fought back with great pride. This hotel is as good as any hotel, anywhere.  
<Date>Jan 5, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>wnbamiamisol
<Content>BEST Birthday Stay EVER!!! American Express had originally booked the Ritz Carlton for my 5-day birthday stay in New Orleans. After seeing some current photos taken by a Trip Advisor reviewer, I asked AmEx to book me into a different hotel. The choice of the Windsor Court could not have been better!Upon my early arrival, Ashley on the front desk greeted me enthusiastically and was genuinely interested in my birthday celebration trip! She had upgraded me from a Junior Suite to a Full Suite (I didn't know it at this point) and as the room was not ready said they would store the luggage and call me on my cell phone the moment it was ready. This was fine as we had a full day's activities planned.In the early afternoon, the call came as promised. However, we didn't complete the check in for a couple hours because we were having too much fun snacking on raw oysters in the French Quarter. When we did arrive back at the hotel, I was again cheerfully greeted and told my luggage would be brought up immediately. I was pleasantly shocked to see we had been upgraded to a FULL suite. The luggage arrived within 5 minutes (you know at some hotels it can take an hour). Shortly afterwards, the door bell rang and a bottle of Veuve Clicquot had been sent by the hotel management as birthday cheer! Again, a super pleasant surprise!Throughout our stay, staff (restaurant, bellmen, concierge) kept asking how the birthday trip was going and giving me birthday wishes on the exact day. Everyone seemed to really enjoy working at the hotel and the feeling was passed on to the guests. This was a huge positive.I don't think I need to describe the room, other than to say it was super clean and everything was in working order and really, the bedding was luxurious! I fell asleep quickly and easily each night. The marble floors and walls in the bath were opulent. The shower was hot and strong. It's probably a shame we didn't spend more time in the room! Our city view was fantastic!The main restaurant, The New Orleans Grill, was a bit pricey for breakfast, but absolutely excellent. On our last morning there, the staff even came by to say goodbye and safe trip. They also offered to pack snacks and fruit for us for the drive! Our dinner there (the first night) was excellent. Service was attentive, friendly and neither rushed nor pesty. It was reasonably priced for a wonderful array of appetizers shared by the two of us.Our stay at the Windsor Court made us genuinely feel welcome in New Orleans. I can't wait to return and would not consider staying at any other hotel. The Windsor Court hotel is absolutely the top hotel I have stayed in in North America and Europe ( That includes the former Plaza NYC and Hotel Sacher in Vienna)  
<Date>Jan 2, 2009
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>travelqueen20
<Content>Not a 5 star! Not sure where all the rave reviews come from. We stayed on the club level and it was certainly NOT the Ritz. Rooms were ok, bathrooms were poorly lit with horrible, dirty white rugs and toilet mats. Mirror was peeling. The club lounge was lacking the extra attention to cleanliness you find at a Four Seasons or Ritz. Tables were not cleaned well and plates, utensils were dirty. Staff was very friendly and accomodating and the location is great - But the finer touches just aren't there.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>3	4	3	4	2	4	4	4	

<Author>BatonRougewanderer
<Content>Wonderful experience at the Windsor Court My family took a quick trip to New Orleans to get away after Christmas. We decided to stay at the Windsor Court, since it is one of our favorite hotels in New Orleans. As always, the Windsor Court was outstanding. The lobby was still decorated for Christmas, and it was beautiful. Our room was very comfortable, elegant, and clean. The room service food was delicious and served timely. We will definitely return to the Windsor Court soon.  
<Date>Dec 30, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>scottca075
<Content>Still One of the Best I had the opportunity to be in New Orleans on business recently and had not stayed at the Windsor Court since before Katrina so I wasn't quite sure what to expect.I was pleasantly surprised that it seems the hotel has not missed a beat. I am not sure if they had any damage from the storms and flooding, but you sure would not know it now. The lobby, the room and the New Orleans Grill were all in great shape and as charming as I remember.I would love to come back for a longer stay in spring to really enjoy the city and the hotel.  
<Date>Dec 26, 2008
<Rating>4	5	5	4	5	4	5	4	

<Author>moria70125
<Content>The Windsor Court for the Holidays- was a treat! My husband and I had family in town for Thanksgiving and they were staying at the Windsor Court. We decided, as a treat, to stay there as well. What a wonderful time we had!The staff was great - very attentive and friendy. Always ready to lend a hand or answer a question. The hotel itself looked lovely, especially with all of the beautiful Christmas decorations that went up during our time there. The rooms are so big! Well, ours was a suite...and it was the size of a small apartment!Having tea at the Windsor Court is a must. They sell out over the Christmas season, so we were lucky to get in right before the rush! Thanksgiving in the restaurant was quite an experience. I mean that in a good way! And we got drift that there is a new chef there. I don't know if that's true, but I can tell you that the food was wonderful. And there is an energy in the restaurant I haven't seen in a while. While we are locals, I can't wait until we have an excuse to go back! I know my family is already making plans to come back to New Orleans for NEXT Thanksgiving.  
<Date>Dec 16, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>betsy921
<Content>Windsor Court still shines I've stayed in many large, small,  boutique hotels in new orleans and many years ago, i had the good fortune to stay at the windsor court. my experience was so wonderful that i have always hoped to return. i recently had that opportunity and was extremely pleased with my stay. the staff from top to bottom could not have been more helpful, kind and courteous. my room was large, airy and comfortable. the property is conveniently located to the french quarter, riverwalk, and the harrah's, in case you're a gambler. my business colleagues stayed right next door at the W and each day brought a new litany of horrendous complaints about their hotel. the windsor court may not be the new, sexy, hot property, but i, for one, will take good service, and the pleasurable experience of the wonderful older hotel any day.  
<Date>Dec 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>lisadavid66
<Content>Our Fantastic Honeymoon After previously spending a very romantic and fun weekend on our first weekend trip as a couple, we decided that we wanted to return to the Windsor Court for our honeymoon stay. It is such a easy place to make reservations. They have outstanding service and they make you feel like you are royalty, which we all know were not. We love the room service breakfast, its so convenient. You just fill out the menu, place it on your door and then wow! your meal arrives very punctually. Now, the service is great, but wait till you taste the meal. It is absolutely delicious. The staff is very friendly and courteous no matter what your doing or where you are in the hotel.We look forward to staying with you again in the future.Thank you for making our honeymoon very special.David  Lisa Gaudet  
<Date>Dec 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>manahatta
<Content>Key to why the ratings are so incongruous I stayed in a suite. It's large, like it's promised. It is clean and the staff are very courteous. However:* The furnishings are cheap* The wet bar is a crappy kitchenette that has been poorly converted into a half-ass mini-bar that is very ill-equipped.* I had repairmen come to my room 3 times in the first day because so many things were broken (toilet, internet jack, curtains)* The TV is at least 15 years old, and that pretty much represents the feel of the whole place.If you want a large suite, this place will do. If you want luxury -- which is what I wanted -- this hotel sucks horribly. I kick myself for not going with the standard hotel I stay in: the Ritz-Carlton, which was the same price.Why does the property have great ratings? Well, apparently, if you stay on the Club Floor it's not a run down has-been hotel. If only I knew. But honestly, give me the Ritz. The hotel amenities weren't that nice, either. Basically, what I am saying is: avoid this hotel.  
<Date>Dec 7, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	3	5	3	1	1	

<Author>Garlor
<Content>Highly Recommended! First class all the way. Beautiful hotel. Can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>bacpriddle
<Content>Perfect for any occasion! Always first class service............ We have made it a tradition to celebrate our wedding anniversary at the Windsor Court, in New Orleans, every year. The food, service and accommodations are always first class. All of the staff go out of their way to add special little touches, recognizing the special celebration, which makes it even more special. The restaurant is outstanding and we always begin the evening with a martini, in the bar, which has a wonderful atmosphere.Highly recommended........................  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>ldgp
<Content>so wonderful We stayed in a Jr suite with a beautiful view of the river, the room was great and the service was 5 stars. You know you are in a wonderful place when you get turn down service and fresh linens without having to ask, also room service was very prompt with fresh coffee in the morning and desserts with Caf茅 Au Lait in the evening.  
<Date>Dec 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mapaul_58
<Content>Great hotel, but space for improvements The location, the size of the rooms and the amenities of this hotel are excellent, particularly in this city where hotel quality can be a problem. Nevertheless, at least my stay was not of the five star quality that you would like from a hotel who sees itself in the tradition of the orient express. On the first day my room was not made up when I returned at 4 p.m. and I had to call housekeeping to remind them. They also needed several calls to finally pick up my laundry. Finally, the furniture in the lobby and in my room wase quite worn out and many chairs had significant damage (e.g. the armrests); the bathtup also showed significant wear and tear and I certainly did not want to sit in it. In concluson a major renovation project is needed. I am not a picky person, but with the image that this hotel is projecting (4 star AAA rating and so on), they did not live up to all expectations. Nevertheless, it is probably one of the best places in New Orleans and I certainly would stay there again.  
<Date>Nov 14, 2008
<Rating>4	4	4	5	4	5	2	5	

<Author>aaheartsvacay
<Content>I Love Windsor Court Hotel! It was the most wonderful hotel experience. Everyone was so polite and helpful. Check-In was super fast, they even let us check in before 3pm. The room we stayed in was spacious, had a pool view which was awesome! The beds were so comfortable. I didn't want to leave this hotel. I definitely will stay there again!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>LABillDing
<Content>Wife's birthday weekend Wonderful experience in every way. Suite and views were beautiful. The staff, from the valet parking to front desk to housekeeping, were polite, helpful, well trained, articulate and had excellent local knowledge. The hotel is centrally located for fine dining, entertainment and sightseeing.  
<Date>Nov 4, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>emjmp
<Content>Fantastic Place The hotel is very nice. Our stay was great. The staff was very nice and helpful. The location of the hotel is fantastic. Very close to the French Quater and the Riverwalk.The lounge and the restaurant were fabulous. I highly recommend this hotel and I will definitely be coming back  
<Date>Nov 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>brumfamily
<Content>The City is BACK beautifully in this jewel of a hotel in the HEART of the city! O! The views! The Stars staying at the Windsor Court! THE FOOD INSIDE and outside of the hotel! No one has food like New Orleans! NO one! It's incredible! Oysters like silk! Wait Staff like the best private homes in Europe! Saks is down the street and so is the Aquarium! Perfect for our family! Drinks in the Club level at the Windsor Court then on to fun in the city! The precise location for all of the sights and sensations of N.O.L.A.! Don't miss Frenchman Street.. Val Kilmer having brunch at Marginy Brasserie.....Incredible JAZZ!!! and did i mention FOOD? Luke, John Besh's little German number is down the street..with fresh shrimp and amazing grits; get the Abita Pecan Ale......don't miss Commander's Palace and James Beard Foundation winner Donald Link's Cochon for the most authentic roasted red fish and the most amazing oyster  bacon sandwich! The Windsor Court is our DESTINATION for all we ADORE in New Orleans! Thank you Lord for bringing it BACK!  
<Date>Oct 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>Star2
<Content>Terrific We went to New Orleans for the weekend from Florida.Can I say I had mixed emotions from the reviews however It turned out to be quite terrific.When we arrived It was dark and the courtyard is beautiful with the lights shining up to the trees.The valet guys were cordial and helpful.Our check in was conducted at the desk of the asst. manager and he was very pleasant and efficient.So some of the reviews were negative about the decor and in need of renovations.It felt like a quick trip to Europe to us.The hotel and rooms are nice ,old, but very clean and felt like we were in New Orleans(If that has a feel)Our rooms were 601-603.They are across the hall from each other(and at the end of the hall) but have a common area in the middle that has a main door that closes off.We left our room doors open and It felt very roomy for us to all walk about.The actual room we had has a separate living,bedroom and butler pantry.Maybe It was just me but I loved It.We stay in world class hotels all year long but I really did enjoy tha ambience of this place.We used the workout room and the equiptment was new and clean with an attendant on site.They had cold bottles of water , fruit and towels.The grill was delicious for breakfast and we had drinks in the lounge one evening.The afternoon tea looked like fun with alot of people dressed up and having a great time.However we didnt partake.Seriously overall It was great.Yes It could use new furniture but the hotel is miles better than others in the area,and the staff go out of their way to accomodate.As I always end my reviews :You can have the best product in the world,but If you cant back It up efficiently and effectively you dont have a darn thing.They do It right.  
<Date>Oct 19, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>mulehouse
<Content>One of the Best! This hotel is incredible!! the staff, the furnishings, the amenities are all over the top. If you are lucky enough to stay on the Club level you will feel as if you are a guest in the home of royalty...from the breakfast to the cocktails and appetizers, it is absolutely wonderful.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>dino614
<Content>Gorgeous, old-world feel I have been to New Orleans many times, but never have I stayed in a more beautiful hotel than the Windsor Court. It is well situated, just off Canal and next to Harrah's, yet it is surprisingly quiet. The staff are first rate and proactive in serving your needs. The junior suite I stayed in was very comfortable and a great deal, with a great view of the river. The meeting facilities are terrific and problem free, and the related staff were always available and helpful. I highly recommend it both as a place for meetings and a nice place to stay while on vacation.  
<Date>Oct 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>barbuserLongIsland
<Content>the ultimate experience We have just arrived back from our third stay at the Windsor Court Hotel. As always, it was fantastic. This was our first stay in a full suite. The experience was incredible. It also included continental breakfast in either the Grill Room or room service. We have been to New Orleans many times and have stayed at various hotels, but none (including the Ritz Carlton) even come close the the Windsor Court. The staff is out of this world. We had a leak in our shower (which did not bother us) but was obviously reported by the housekeeper. It was not fixed and when we told that to the front desk staff, they immediately offered to move us to another room. We told them that under no circumstances did we want to be moved as we loved our room. They laughed and said that they had equally beautiful rooms and they would be happy to relocate us. Again, we said, no thank you!! The staff could not have been nicer. This was our first trip back since Katrina. We were a little apprehensive about what we would find (and, our friends are using us as their scouts) but we felt like we were immediately taken back into pre Katrina (with a few things here and there that were bordered up) and were so excited to return to the city we love. We now look forward to our next trip to New Orleans. We got a great deal at the Windsor Court and hope that we might be as lucky the next time we want to go. Once you stay in a suite in this hotel you DO NOT want to stay anywhere else!! PS thanks to the Windsor Court - my husband I were celebrating our wedding anniversay and we were sent up a bottle of champagne - just what we would expect from this classy operation. Can't wait to return!!!!!  
<Date>Oct 3, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	3	5	5	5	5	

<Author>DaveAtlanta
<Content>Great Hotel Prior to my visit, I read some the reviews on TripAdvisor and had some misgivings about the comments about dated and deteriorated rooms.I have absolutely no complaints. My room (booked by Harrah's located across the street) was upgraded to a suite. Suite does not do justice, I stayed in what is really a one bedroom apartment. You enter into an about ten by ten foyer, past a small kitchen to a full living room with a small dining table next to a balcony. The bedroom has another balcony and a king sized bed. There is a dressing room with vanity and combination wood wardrobe/closet. Normal bathroom.The room is not modern but is tastefully done. I saw no evidence of deterioration.The staff was friendly and professional.I only ate one breakfast there in the Grill Room. Pricey, but very good.The hotel is every bit as good as Loews Resorts, JW Marriot, W, etc.  
<Date>Sep 14, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>montreal1212
<Content>five star in new orleans No doubt the best hotel in new orleans, Everything from the service to the accomadations and mouth watering food is excellent.If you want a five star experience visit the windsor court and experience southern charm at its best. Would not consider any other hotel in new orleans - clean , safe and a beautiful property.  
<Date>Sep 10, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	4	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>Worldtraveler777
<Content>World Class Accomodations in New Orleans I recently stayed at the Windsor Court Hotel for business related purposes. I think this hotel certainly deserves it's rating as the best hotel in New Orleans.I drove to the property and was immediately met by both bellstaff and valet staff who immediately took care of my luggage and parked my car. Check-in was very fast and handled very professionally by the well trained reception staff. The elevators are extremely fast and whisked us up to our 18th floor suite.I stayed in one of the 800 sq. ft full suites. It had a magnificent view of the Mississippi River, Aquarium, Riverwalk, and the adjacent Harrah's casino. The beautiful suite included a small kitchenette, full living area, french doors opening to a huge bedroom, king bed, separate powder and bath areas. It even included a TV that was remotely controlled that rose up at the foot of the bed allowing for up close viewing. The bath was all marble and included a bidet.The hotel has an excellent restaurant onsite called the New Orleans Grill. It serves excellent breakfast, lunch and dinner. There is also a traditional afternoon tea served on certain days. The Polo lounge is also a great place to sit back and relax in the evening. Paul McCartney even played an impromtu performance at the piano the last time he stayed here.I see why the President, celebrities and other high profile people choose this property when they stay in New Orleans. The fantastic staff, great location, and wonderful rooms make it one of the best in the USA.  
<Date>Aug 7, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>jckspann
<Content>Luxury with southern charm. I normally stay on Bourbon Street with a balcony, but defaulted to the Windsor Court when I was unable to get a room. What a great break because from now on I'll visit Bourbon and soak up the luxury of the Windsor Court.  
<Date>Aug 6, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>itsjustjoan
<Content>Windsor Court, The Best of New Orleans The Windsor Hotel is the best place to stay for a visit to New Orleans. As a frequent visitor to the Crescent City, my last visit (and first to stay at the Windsor) was simply the BEST! Not only is the hotel gorgeous, but being located across the street from the Casino and 2 blocks from the Riverwalk made our stay so wonderful and convenient to the French Quarter and all we wanted to do. We had a view of the River, Casino and Pool. YES! Room Service was just wonderful, made you feel the extra cost was really worth it. The Staff is lovely, and very professional when you can't find your key at 5:00 a.m. Our group felt very safe and well cared for during our stay. I defy anyone to find a better hotel in the City~ It can't be done.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>BeccaGrim
<Content>Eh at the Windsor My husband and I were not blown away by the Windsor Court Hotel in New Orleans. The rooms were really poorly done and the staff was completely inept. They were late with our room and then late again with a room my family had booked for the next night. They were not friendly or apologetic and we had to wait for everything we asked for. The grounds were very beautiful and the concierge was actually top notch but we won't be staying there again. We will stay at the Ritz.  
<Date>Aug 5, 2008
<Rating>2	1	1	4	5	1	1	3	

<Author>NewYorkCityVisitor
<Content>Windsor Court was wonderful Our three night stay was wonderful. We were in a suite on the 11th floor with balcony. Room was huge, beautifully appointed and comfortable. We travel often and this was one of the best, right up there with European hotels of 5 star quality. The entrance and all areas were meticulous. Shined floors. The pool was clean and maintained. The rooms quiet. The staff was always helpful. The best place to stay in New Orleans. I would recommend this hotel and stay here anytime I return to N.O.  
<Date>Aug 4, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>honestlou
<Content>Unbelievably bad! I had looked at the Trip Advisor reviews that were overwhelmingly positive-- enough so for me to disregard the few negative comments. When I saw that Frommer ranked it the best hotel in the city, and maybe the nation, that sealed the deal and I booked a room for three nights for an anniversary get-a-way.The staff was very professional and courteous, but when we got to the room we were shocked! SHOCKING is the only way to describe it. The carpet had many obvious stains, and was coming up at the seams. The bed had a permanent 'body' indention and looked like the mattress had never been turned in 30 years. I am not exaggerating. The chrome was substantially worn off of the bathroom fixtures. I called the front desk and told them that the room was unacceptable. They did not sound surprised, and as our luggage had not been brought up yet, they said that the bellman would bring a key to a new room. My wife went down to the lounge to hide. As we were leaving the first room I asked the bellman, not to put too fine of a point on it, but do you have a room that has been remodeled in the last 10 years? He replied none of our rooms have ever been remodeled. I think this is true.When we got to the new room, it was better as far as having no major stains on the carpet, which was still glued down, and the bed looked better. I stayed in the room and my wife came up. The bathroom fixtures were still worn, and it had the same 30 year old kitchenette area. As I was sitting in a chair discussing the situation with my wife, I noticed my arm feeling sticky on the arm of the chair. There was nothing obvious there, but it did bring my attention to the fact that the upholstery was mostly worn off of the arm on the chair. We looked around again and decided to leave.At the front counter, the manager on duty was very apologetic and didn't want us to leave. I agreed to go with him to look at a Club Level room, which supposedly is the only level that has been remodeled. I looked around the room, and I can't say it was remodeled. It was perhaps maintained, in the that the carpet and fixtures were better, but it still had the 30 year old kitchenette, and the furniture and fixtures appeared to be the same as in the previous two rooms. It was in better condition, and if this had been the first room we got to, we probably would have stayed in it, but at this point it was not enough of an improvement to remedy the disappoint my wife and I felt.We left the hotel and stayed in the Westin, which was close, and at least clean and well maintained.The rooms (suites) at the Windsor Court are very large, but have very old furniture and fixtures, with a very plain bath area. It's not like it has suites with large baths and jacuzzi type tubs.If you want outstanding service and a very large worn out room, then you will enjoy the Windsor Court!  
<Date>Jul 29, 2008
<Rating>1	2	1	5	3	5	4	-1	

<Author>TravelingEs
<Content>Luxurious honeymoon spot       Breakfast in our room  
<Date>Jul 8, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>usarover
<Content>Great service My wife and 3 year old spent three days and two nights at the hotel in June. From the moment we stepped out of our car to the moment we departed, the service was excellent. I highly recommend spending the extra money and staying in one of the rooms on the club level. While I'm certain the service for all guests is exceptional, the extra attentiveness by Anthony, the Club Concierge was most welcome, especially from our daughter. We will be staying at the Windsor Court every time we return to New Orleans.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2008
<Rating>5	5	4	5	5	4	5	-1	

<Author>KOinCT
<Content>Windor Court: It's OK       Nice bathtub  
<Date>Jun 4, 2008
<Rating>3	3	2	4	4	3	3	-1	

<Author>bpp63
<Content>Front Desk Staff Needs MAJOR Attitude Adjustment. I normally stay at the Ritz while in New Orleans, but as they were full, I contacted Windsor Court and booked 3 Suites for a one night business stay.It had been approximately 10 years since I had stayed at Windsor Court, but remembered the hotel was very nice and at the rate they were charging, approximately $750 per room on Club level, on a Sunday night by the way, I felt it should be nice.When I made our reservations, I indicated that we would require an early check-in.The morning of our check-in, I again phoned the hotel to advise them that we would require early check-in, and they said there would be no problem.We arrived at the hotel at approximately 1:30 p.m., and our rooms weren't ready until after 4:00 p.m.. So much for our early check-in. (Standard check in is 3:00 p.m.)Not only did they not have any of our rooms ready, 3 in total, but when I mentioned to the front desk person that I had specifically requested an early check-in and could he please let me know approximately what time our rooms would be ready, he told me in attitude overload with all but the head banging, It's all up to housekeeping, we have no idea. I asked him if he could possibly phone housekeeping to let them know that we were there, ready to occupy our rooms, and could they possibly do our rooms next. He then told me, All these people are in front of you--We have no idea when your rooms will be ready but if you have a cell phone we'll call you when they are.No, I'm sorry Miss, but please take this voucher and have a free drink/lunch on us while we see what we can do with our housekeeping staff, or Miss, let me give you your club level key and please feel free to go there for comfort while you wait and we'll contact you as soon as your room(s) are ready. Nothing.He was a jerk and it set the entire 24 hours off on a bad note.Once in the room, I phoned the hotel manager to complain, but I was on hold so long that I eventually just hung up in frustration.As on so many hotels, the main lobby is very nice--nice artwork, beautiful floors, traditional old money decor with great ambience. But the Suite itself, needs a facelift. Badly. (We were in Suite 2106)There were two lamps with bad bulbs, the minibar key didn't work, even the bellman couldn't get it to work and they had to send another, the carpet was soiled--both in the room and in the hallway. The countertops in the dressing room and in the bathroom were severly out of date-I practically had to bend over to touch my toes to brush my teeth in the sink, and they were very worn around the edges and around the wallpaper.The bedding, bed coverlet, was dated, although the bed was comfortable enough.To be fair, my husband did say the view was nice from the balcony, and we did get our wake up call as scheduled the next morning.We had lunch at their main grill, and it was okay, but just okay.We had a driver scheduled to pick us up from the hotel to take us back to the airport, and after two attempts to get a bellman, my husband and I drug our items ourselves, I had several large boxes, thru the lobby and to the car. Our driver kept saying to us, I can't believe they don't have a bellman, I can't believe they aren't helping us..... Overall, with things in New Orleans as they are in the aftermath of Katrina, and as dependent as the city is on tourism, you would think that courtesy and customer satisfaction would be top on their minds to make you want to return to New Orleans. Unfortunately, nothing that Windsor Court did made me want to rush back to 'help' the New Orleans economy. It is very apparent they don't have a properly trained staff, at least not at Windsor Court, and the staff I did deal with there could have cared less about satisfying a customer. I'm sure that at some point I will return to New Orleans, but I'm also sure that it won't be to stay at the Windsor Court Hotel.  
<Date>May 18, 2008
<Rating>2	1	2	3	3	1	1	-1	

<Author>traveltoomuchToronto
<Content>Exceptional Service Terrific hotel, well located near the French Quarter in NO. The staff were exceptional, all well trained at asking whetehr they had met your expectations. Junior suite is very comfortable. We will stay here again!  
<Date>May 17, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>tyoung9966
<Content>Over the top, outstanding, a perfect ten... Ah, the Windsor Court is back.I was introduced to the employees once and was greeted by name the rest of the trip. Quick, friendly check-in. The signature suite was completely re-done. Huge room, living area, full-sized refrigerator, large spacious bath, new carpet, drapes, lamps, paint 鈥?Molton Brown products, soft high thread-count sheets and pillows. Friendly, efficient staff from beginning to end. Great food, quick and convenient valet parking. Perfection!If you are going to New Orleans - this hotel is a must do. Trust me - I have tried all the others and there is no comparison.Perfectly situated just out of the Quarter but convenient to everything from uptown to downtown.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2008
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>brennamt
<Content>Still Very Nice, But PLEASE Update I am torn with this hotel. For one, I feel that it is the best in New Orleans for those looking to stay at top hotels. However, the hotel is old and in need of major room updates. Obviously, the location is still great - outside of quarter, next to casino, and close to warehouse district. The lobby and courtyard remain beautiful and a great place to hang out. You cannot smoke in the Polo Lounge anymore - very upsetting - but the bar is excellent. Service is very good. Upon my arrival, I entered my room - a suite on 9th floor. I do not think club level is worth the cash since you want to be eating out. However, the morning coffee is useful, but for another $100 a night - you choose. The room that I was given stunk of mildew. The room was obviously damaged by water. My parents room also smelled, but not as bad. I asked for my room to be changed and it was done very quickly. So, great service and quick response by the staff - no questions asked, great work here. Although , I must mention that as I was walkng to my new room, in walked service with a dehumidifier and they then gave the room to someone else the same evening. That is a bit weak for this hotel. The suites are very nice with a ton of room. As for updates, get rid of the kitchen. There is no need for it at all and the appliances are an eye sore because they are so old. The televisions....they are easily from the 1980s. Every Hyatt, Sheraton, and Marriott have better televisions. The remote, with VHS controls, reminded me of the time that I actually spent living there in 1984. Indeed, they are the same televisions. Give us a flat screen, I am not saying plasma, but a flatscreen please. The bathroom amenities are pretty weak, in comparison to the Ritz/Four Seasons - just bare essentials. I must say, however, that they were of very good quality. The bed could be more comfortable - it felt very stiff and the sheets were not great. Certainly not even close to the Ritz stays. The gym is fine, but could use some more space and updated equipment. I am comparing this hotel to Ritz/Four Seasons in DC/BOS/Sarasot; Hay-Adams in DC; Penninsula in Chi-town. When in comparison, I would rate the Windsor Court in last place to be honest with those hotels in regards to guest rooms and amenities. Even the Hay-Adams is more updated than the Windsor Court. HOWEVER, when in New Orleans, this is the place to stay. The Ritz is nice there, but in a bad section of town. Yes, I know it is two blocks away from quarter, but those two blocks get very long at night. Frankly, you need to be careful at night and short distance do matter in regards to safety. The Windsor Court is the best for location - also next door to August and Cuvee (great places to eat). As an aside, the President chooses to stay at the Court when he is in town. He was coming in the day that I left.The hotel needs an update - the carpets need cleaning and the ammenities should be improved. The hotel is certainly leaning on its history and location. I would probably continue to stay here, but would GLADLY pay more per night for updates  
<Date>Apr 21, 2008
<Rating>4	5	3	5	4	5	4	3	

<Author>merz99
<Content>Just gorgeous - great service I booked this through the hotel's website. It was a special that was not advertised on the travel websites, and I felt better about getting the service we expected booking through the hotel itself. They arranged to have a us picked up at the airport (available when you book your room). A bit expensive but well worth it. When we arrived at 11 am, our room was not ready yet, so we went into the bar area. We met several interesting people and had a few great conversations. The entire hotel is very well done in English antiques and decor. If you are expecting a modern hotel, stay at the W. This place was like being in an old English state home. Just fantastic service as well.I will surely stay here again and again. New Orleans was charming by day and wild at night. Its good to see the city start recovering. I hope more people come back so that the small shops, musicians and great eateries can make a quick comeback.  
<Date>Apr 11, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>NYJohnMark
<Content>An Amazing Hotel! New Orleans is definitely back in business, and I can't imagine that the Windsor Court could have been any better before Katrina. Our stay was flawless. We had a very luxurious room with a view of the sunrise over the Mississippi every morning, and our lunch at the New Orleans Grill at the hotel was wonderful--as was my first Sazerac ever. The staff was charming and gracious, and I think the room service breakfast menu was the best I've seen at any hotel ever. The hotel was in easy walking distance of everywhere we wanted to go, and I can't imagine staying anywhere else in New Orleans. We can't wait to go back.  
<Date>Apr 1, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>JohnThree
<Content>Memorable hotel Previous reviews of this hotel seemed rather mediocre to me. So, I contacted the hotel and told them of my reservations on getting a room which was not of top quality. To further complicate the request, I was booking the least expensive, special-rate, full suite. They said they would make note of my concerns. The rate was $229 plus tax.The visit could not have been better. The suite, I counted 6 rooms, was immaculate and clearly of recent construction or renovation. It overlooked the Harrah's Casino and on to the Mississippi River, an eastern view which provided a beautiful sunrise on a crisp clear day. We were on the 14th floor which is not listed as one of the special Club floors, which I believe puts this suite square in the category of a regular room. There was a small pantry kitchen, in which a Manhattanite would be comfortable, an entry space and a nice living room with floor to ceiling sliding glass doors onto a small balcony, a bedroom with two beds (also with floor to ceiling windows) , two separate dressing areas and a large bathroom.The entrance, lobby, reception areas were very attractive. We had drinks in the delightful and sophisticated Polo Bar on the second floor in the late evening. Our breakfast was in the Grill also on the second floor. Breakfast, although expensive, is almost movie-set quality, meaning a beautifully set table with flowers and a fine presentation. Of equal importance, the staff which we encountered were all cheerful and professional and you got the impression that they would almost jump through hoops to fill your requests.These rooms are worth well over what I paid and I assume are some post-Katrina slow economy rate. Take advantage of it while you can!  
<Date>Feb 29, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>mkctn
<Content>Bring back the old Windsor Court! i just returned from a two night stay in the Windsor Court. I echo many of the comments of other reviewers. I had stayed here a number of times in the 90's and it was a fabulous hotel. This is the first time I've been back since 2000. The rooms are still huge, the common areas are still elegant, but it's all very dated and in need of a refresh. The common areas smell moldy. The TV's are old tube TV's that just don't fit in with a luxury hotel. The shower was mildewed, and when you took a shower, even with the bathroom door closed, there was a draft that caused the thin shower liner to constantly blow toward your body and stick to your wet skin--not a pleasant bathing experience! When I asked about wireless internet they said it was broken,but that i could use complimentary wired access in the room. Unfortunately, despite a number of calls, i could never get the internet access to work. The deadbolt lock on my room door didn't work, and as a female travelling alone that made me very uncomfortable. I asked them to fix it--it never got fixed. I requested a USA Today in the morning instead of the Times Picayune--they continued to deliver the TP. All of these issues are fairly minor, but not what you expect in a luxury hotel. The staff was extremely friendly and the food was good. I hope they spend some money to update the property, because this was once a great hotel and deserves to be again. In the meantime i have to give it 3 stars. I can't compare it with other New Orleans hotels, b/c this is my first trip post-Katrina.As far as restaurants go, skip Galatoire and definitely go to August across the street from the hotel. Mothers is around the corner and is a great new orleans diner.  
<Date>Jan 31, 2008
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>SCB_JR
<Content>Upgrade made the difference! This review is based on the value of our upgrade. With this in mind, we were provided with an excellent experience.Our upgrade moved us into a Jr. Suite, which certainly was a great room! Spacious, well appointed, clean and very comfortable! Sitting room w/ bedroom separated by 鈥渟emi鈥?French Doors. Bathroom was in keeping with the size and character of the suite. I did not notice the wear and tear that others previously mentioned, possibly a result of the room classification. Our train into N.O., arrived late, but check in and change of hotel restaurant reservations were easily arranged.The New Orleans Grill (hotel restaurant) provided an exceptional meal!! I recommend the BBQ Shrimp Pie!!! We will certainly return!Club Level access was a well-appreciated accompaniment. The mornings provided an excellent variety of offerings 鈥?all well presented and delicious. Evening hors d鈥檕euvres (after 5 pm) provided the same detail. The service staff here, however, could use some 鈥渇ine tuning鈥?as there were occasions where, when needed, they weren鈥檛 around. The views and comfort level though outweighed the negative.The Polo Lounge was a pleasant place in the evening. They poured a respectable drink and the company was certainly entertaining.I question the #35 TA ranking, but again, our upgrade was substantial, and we question whether we would pay the rack rate. The hotel location, style, accommodations, and Club level access was an exceptional value for us.  
<Date>Jan 30, 2008
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>TravelWarriors
<Content>Trying Hard We have stayed at the Windsor Court many times through the years before Katrina, this most recent stay is the first time we have been back since Katrina. We were somewhat disappointed that so much time has passed since the hurricane and the Hotel hasn't really updated, repaired or cleaned the common/public areas or the rooms. Our room was very worn and tattered with stains on the carpet, furniture and linens. Essentially the room didn't look like it had been attended to at all. Given that Orient Express is the owner of the hotel, we would have thought they would have helped bring the Hotel back. Anyway, the staff throughout the Hotel did seem very interested in helping, making sure our needs were met, etc, but there is just so much that can be done when you are staying in a luxury hotel, paying a very high rate and it doesn't meet the level of quality expected. Pros: Hotel Staff are trying really hard to make the service like it was before the hurricane; located adjacent to the quarter, aquarium, and casino, very quiet,fast room service Cons: Serious need of repair and updating; pool not operational, food not what it used to be; drinks in the bar, meals in the hotel cafes/resturants was very overpriced compared to other hotels in New Orleans.  
<Date>Jan 23, 2008
<Rating>3	1	2	4	2	5	4	-1	

<Author>sassygal7698
<Content>Solid choice       French doors leading into bedroom  
<Date>Jan 13, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>nola83
<Content>Gorgeous rooms, below average service Stayed in a suite on our wedding night on the club level. The room was enormous and gorgeous, with a huge balcony, incredible view, great bed, huge dressing room, huge bathroom, etc. etc. etc... You can't find a nicer place to stay than these club level suites. The service, however, was less than desirable. We arrived at about 11:30pm. I'm not sure if the bell and door staff doesn't work this late, but we had no help with bags, umbrellas for the rain, or opening the doors with our stuff. Luckily I had checked in earlier and left our large suitcases at the front desk to be put in our room for us so it was manageable. When I checked in and left our luggage earlier in the afternoon, I had asked that a bottle of champagne be in our room on ice waiting when we arrived. I thought it would be a nice touch and surprise to arrive and toast in the beautiful room. I was told confidently that it would absolutely be taken care of (although I noticed nothing was written down). Unfortunately there was no champagne waiting for us and it never did come.Once in the room, when wanting a bottle of water, I realized that they had neither offered us a key to the mini-bar, nor told us if it was in the room somewhere or anything. We never did find the key. Our stay was short since we were leaving early for our honeymoon the next morning. Unfortunately we missed out on the complimentary breakfast, lunch, tea, and cocktails as a result. Upon leaving at 6:45am, once again we had no help with much more luggage this time. I suppose the bell staff and doormen do not work during the late evening and early morning hours. All in all it was a perfect room, but I was disappointed in the service. Not being able to enjoy the complimentary perks that come with a club level suite, I was hoping to at least be accommodated on the few minor needs/requests that I had.  
<Date>Jan 10, 2008
<Rating>3	3	5	5	4	2	2	-1	

<Author>GeneDC
<Content>New Oleans Charm Just returned from a wonderful New year's visit to New orleans and the Windsor Court Hotel. Hotel was charming! Very accessible to french quarter and streetcar lines to the Garden District. Staff was gracious and appreciative of all patronizing the hotel. Rooms were quite spacious and comfortable. Our group booked junior suite and a one bedroom suite and were very pleased. The hotel has recently upgraded floors on Club levels that are more up to date. The rooms we had (911, 915, 917, 918) were all clean, luxurious, comfortable although were a bit dated. Huge marble bathrooms. Spacious dressing areas and small kitchenettes.The restaurants were great and staff quite accomodating. Special rates made this an amazing buy for this 5 star property.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2008
<Rating>4	5	4	4	4	5	4	4	

<Author>Roadworrior
<Content>Great for the price Had one night to stay in NOLA while visiting family for the holidays, so my wife and I wanted to try out the Windsor Court. Great rate around Xmas so we figured what the hell? We had stayed at the W French Quarter in March and that was fantastic, so we wanted to try another top hotel. Everything was elegant and fancy and classy, but did not feel as warm as other hotels we have stayed at. Room was huge but could use some updating to the big black bubble back TV and the kind of dated decor. I cannot complain about anything, but it just didnt bowl me over. Granted it was just one night, but I wanted to be blown away by the Worlds best hotel of 1998! Staff was great though, as were the views and the bed. All in all a nice stay, for the cheap rate we found. Xmas tree in lobby and the artwork is pretty amazing though! Will probably try another hotel when we return, just to check them all out.  
<Date>Dec 27, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Scotus
<Content>Fantastic Hotel After reading some of the recent reviews, I was nervous about my stay at the Windsor Court. My group stayed at the hotel four nights, and everyone was pleased with the hotel and the service.First, several reviews have commented that the rooms are in bad shape. I had a chance to take a look at four rooms, and all were in very good to excellent condition. The rooms had some minor wallpaper and carpet issues, but nothing to detract from the room or our stay. I had a junior suite, with a very nice sitting area, two balconies, wet bar, and an enormous dressing area and bathroom. All the furniture was in very good shape. The bed was very comfortable. Also, there is a safe in the room for guest use.Second, the service was very good, with the exception of one front desk worker who seemed a little snooty. However, everyone else was friendly and helpful.Third, the common areas are in great shape, including the lobby and the pool area.Fourth, the hotel offers several free amenities not offered by most high end hotels. Amazingly, Internet access is free. Also, both the local and national papers are delivered to your room in the morning. Next, although there is no coffee maker in the room, free coffee and tea are available in the lobby.We paid $189 a night for the junior suite on the Papa Noel Rate, I can honestly say that this one of the best deals I have ever gotten on a hotel room.  
<Date>Dec 12, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	4	5	4	5	5	

<Author>ncinaz
<Content>Faded Grande Dame We stayed at the Windsor Court for three nights in late November/early December and found a once-great hotel now badly faded. The televisions are from the 1980s, wallpaper is peeling, furniture is laughably stained, and the notepads in the room had writing on every page. Service remains a high point, although one of the concierges couldn't have been less knowledgeable or helpful.We expected service issues but were pleasantly surprised by how outgoing and friendly most of the staff were. The shocker was how ancient the rooms looked. Our couches and chairs were an embarrassment. Apparently the club floor rooms have been redone but I didn't hear about any upgrading plans for the rest of the place. We tried to upgrade to the club floors but a corporate group had booked all of them.Hopefully one of these days the owners will wake up and return the place to its former splendor.  
<Date>Dec 3, 2007
<Rating>2	3	2	4	2	5	4	4	

<Author>wingsr1
<Content>Nice visit, but lock up your valuables!!! I went as a part of Girls Weekend Out with two other ladies. We had a great time in the city and would like to say that New Orleans is back and welcoming to all visitors.The hotel is right across from Harrah's and we had a great time at the casino after dinner each night we were there. The location was convenient for both the casino and the French Market on Saturday morning.The Windsor Court Grill was a great dining experience even though there were issues with the wine selection. Picked two and they didn't have either, but they did make up for it with the bill. Richard was our waiter and I can highly recommend asking for him. He was wonderful and made our experience excellent and far better than the next evening at Emeril's. Issues:We arrived after dark and the hotel was a bit difficult to find. There aren't any visible signs, technically they are secluded but when you aren't familiar with the city it can be a tough place to locate. Probably drove by it 3 times before stopping to ask two cops, but of course we were sitting directly outside the hotel!!! Bet they thought we had started celebrating early.On Saturday we were in a hurry to go to a wedding and I made the mistake of not putting my jewelry in the safe. My fault, but didn't expect the housekeeping staff to go through my suitcase to find it. This is a place where doors are closed when the staff is cleaning and they have the time to go through your stuff so beware. Like I said, my fault, but shouldn't have to worry about the staff at a hotel like this.Overall we enjoyed the experience and I would stay there again, but would ensure that I either don't leave anything of value or would use the safe religiously.  
<Date>Nov 22, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>pixel_93
<Content>Fantastic property - Windsor Court! I highly recommend the Windsor Court in New Orleans. Everything about it is top notch. Friendly staff, beautifully decorated lobby and absolutely charming decor in the guest rooms. Everything looks brand new, but has the boutique quality so it doesn't feel like a cookie cutter hotel. The bathrooms are huge and the amenities are very nice. Our room was extremely quiet which was a pleasant surprise. Most hotels have noise coming from all directions. We didn't hear a sound. They also serve high tea in the afternoons. Be sure to experience that. We have stayed in many high-end properties all over the U.S. and would rate the Windsor Court near the top when comparing price and quality. One bonus about Windsor Court - Harrah's Casino is right across the street and so are the Shops at Canal Place, an upscale mall. The French Quarter is also just a short walk away.  
<Date>Nov 21, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>thewares
<Content>Worst hotel in New Orleans My husband and I so looked forward to our stay at the Windsor Court Hotel. We are Andrew Harper Travel Club members and had read so many positive things about the hotel. It started out badly... When we arrived there was a wedding party leaving and the small entrance drive was blocked by cops and limos, so we had to circle the block. The street had a huge hole in it that wasn't marked by a traffic barrel or cone and our car wheel went down in it and we bent the strut rods and flattened our tire on our Mercedes (I'm still waiting to find out how much that is going to cost me). When I checked in the desk just inside the door is the concierge and way in the back there is an unmarked desk with no one working where I was to check in. Finally someone came and checked me in and we were helped up to our suite by the bellman. We arrived at around 8 and were hungry so we ordered room service from the famous new chef. It was cold and tasted awful! The bellman said if we needed ice to call (there was only one ice machine in the hotel) and when we did we were accomodated 2 out of 5 times. The pool was the main reason we chose this hotel over the Ritz. The doors to the pool area were bolted closed (due to cleaning on the outside of the building) and had to be opened at our request. The hot tub was filthy and there were no attendants ie: no towels or the touted drink and meal service by the pool. We stayed 4 nights and never saw a pool attendant or any service. The concierge threw some pamphlets at us when we asked about different tours and restaurants. He never offered to call to book the tours or make reservations. We ate breakfast in the hotel restaurant and it was pretty good. SO, the next morning I ordered the EXACT same thing from room service and it was AWFUL! The room service food is NOT the same quality as what is served in the restaurant! We called for extra towels (5 people in a 2 bedroom suite and they left 3 towels each day) and they never came. We had to run down the maid in the hall to get towels! The headboard on our bed was not attached to the bed frame. The bathtub didn't drain well, so if you're taking a shower you are standing in ankle-deep water at the end. The toilet wouldn't flush completely and we had to get someone to plunge it daily. There are NO in room movies... They have outdated VCR's and you have to call to have a VHS tape brought to your room. (We brought our own DVD's in hopes of an in-room DVD player). The last thing (The nail in the coffin) that we experienced was the bellman giving us directions to the interstate to get home. He sent us an hour and 1/2 the wrong way. We left a day early. We will stay at the Ritz or the Loew's next time. They are wonderful!  
<Date>Nov 5, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Barb3456
<Content>Overpriced/not good value Egads, I cannot believe this is an Am Ex Black Card property. What a dump. This is the first hotel ever I stayed in where the bathroom was missing faucet handles (I kid you not) and the first hotel in this price range where the blanket had fresh mystery stains. We wrote a note to the manager. I would like to say he or she was concerned. He or she may have been but we can't be sure since we never heard back. This prompted a second note to the manager (now more of a curiosity to see if anyone cared) to ask about missing soap, soap dishes and toiletries. At this price range, you'd think we could get a bar of soap! Not a word. At least they are consistent. Room service breakfast (rolls and coffee) 45 minutes or more. We are coming back to New Orleans in a month to volunteer for Habitat. We are trying the Loews across the street. I hear they have soap. And at these prices the Windsor should.  
<Date>Oct 27, 2007
<Rating>1	1	1	4	2	4	1	3	

<Author>sf24
<Content>Best Hotel in the Country This is my favorite hotel in the country. In addition to wonderful facilities, the people are wonderful in every respect. It is in the best location in New Orleans no matter what your plans are.  
<Date>Oct 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	4	

<Author>scottishlad
<Content>"Very Nice, But Not Extraordinary" My wife and I spent a three day weekend in New Orleans and had the opportunity to stay at the Windsor Court. My sense is New Orleans books few conventions during September because of hurricanes, so we got a very nice price at this celebrated hotel. Our first visit.A nice welcome upon checking in and an upgrade to a small suite! Wonderful. Avoided the hotel parking fee of $30+ a day by parking one block away in an open air lot on Poydras Street. Later in the day, I told the front desk that the air conditioning was not working well in the bedroom and they agreed to fix it while we were out for dinner. Upon returning, I noticed that the thermostat was turned down, but really no solution to this problem during the entire weekend. The next morning, it was very nice to sit in the court area of the lobby with their complimentary coffee. And I was able to choose from five morning newspapers on their rack. (Sipping my coffee and reading the Financial Times in the Windsor Court that morning made me think that I actually had money! And then I came to.)A couple of other negatives. The toliet did not work well, and generally required two/three flushes. The television is in a box and can be rotated for viewing from bedroom or living room, but it is clunky and needs to be replaced by a flat TV. Another reviewer talked about the lack of ice on each floor and yes, it was irritating. I had expected to pay for Internet, but it was complimentary. A terrific gin and tonic in the Polo Bar. The Windsor Court is in a very good location. Next September, check the prices at this hotel. My price was about 70% less than their normal rate. Classy place.  
<Date>Sep 26, 2007
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>jdblakesle
<Content>What a way to celebrate! Our weekend in New Orleans was perfected by our stay at Windsor Court. I had made the reservations online at the hotel's website, noting an offer for a suite and breakfast for $179 nightly. We were whisked away to a beautiful suite on the 12th floor, with a spectacular view of the river. Later, the hotel sent up a bottle of champagne, in honor of my hubby's birthday. We had drinks both nights in the Polo Lounge, and breakfast each morning in the N. O. Grill, both areas are lavish and elegant.The staff could not have been more pleasant and helpful, eager to make our stay wonderful in every way. This is one fancy but not stuffy hotel...don't miss an opportunity to stay in luxury near the French Quarter!  
<Date>Aug 20, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>RebecaTex
<Content>The ultimate "home away from home" with Class! My sister and I just returned from staying at the Windsor Court Hotel in New Orleans last week. It was a lovely experience in every way. I booked double beds in a grand suite on a Membershiip Rewards special package that included a complimentary continental breakfast. We were given a beautiful suite with a great view from its balcony. The complimentary continental breakfast was delicious, albeit, somewhat small, with a choice of pastries, toast, freshly squeezed juices, and coffee or a selection of hot teas. The wait staffers were very polite and attentive at all times. We always treated like very important guests. We also sampled drinks in the Polo Bar in the evening where we happily listened to a marvelous piano medly played by a very talented pianist. Service in the bar was also top notch. We ended our visit to the Windsor Court Hotel by partaking of the high tea which is served in the restaurant space downstairs every Friday, Saturday, and Sunday afternoons. It was splendid! After eating a tasty offering of different kinds of finger sandwiches and drinking an unusual cherry/cranberry  black tea, we sampled fabulous fresh-baked scones and fruit pastries served with a variety of spreads. To top it all off, we were brought a third selection of scrumptious cakes, candies and chocolate-covered strawberries.  The location of the Windsor Court Hotel is very convenient to both the River Walk, the Harrah's Casino, the Central Business District, Lafayette Square, Canal Place Shopping Center, and only a few blocks from the French Quarter. In addition to the Windsor Court's fine Grille, there are many choices of restaurants located within walking distance nearby. We never had to use our car to get around, but enjoyed the close proximity to New Orleans' marvelous historic tourist sites.  
<Date>Aug 14, 2007
<Rating>4	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>kimblackwood
<Content>Awesome!! Best ever!! This was the best experience we have ever had in ANY hotel. The customer service was exceptional - never experienced any better. Hotel is GORGEOUS  conveniently located. We had a great experience. You cannot go wrong if you stay here!!!!  
<Date>Aug 4, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>blafwasa
<Content>AVOID!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! One of the worst pretentious hotel worldwide With the exception of few paintings, this is a complete nightmare. The best would be to fire the whole staff (but the barman) and to destroy the building to do something else.First, location has no interest: avoid the area and go directly to the French quarter. This part of the city does have any assets. Then,arrival is a nightmare with an unfriendly bellstaff who prefer talking with friends than taking care of the arriving guests. By the way, have a look on your luggage as soft ones are systematically put down heavy hard ones!Lobby is an ugly mixture of false Louis XIV and English manor: pretentious, old-fashioned and do not go to details as everything is bad modern industrialized copies. At the reception, no way to get your room on time: waiting 5 hours in the afternoon does not look like a problem! And do not wait for any solution or proposition such as a drink or anything else!The room: not that small and not that huge: it is a real mini junior suite. one good point is the bed quality. But O my God, it is so dirty: old bretzels on the floor, hairs in the bathroom, dust everywhere. And forget slippers, fresh flowers, new bathrobe (mine was certainly 1000 times used). An adaptor for European plugs? Sorry,we do not have will be the answer half a day later and files lost on your computer...The club lounge? Ouch! What a crime to good taste! After false Louis XIV, welcome to...nothing. A new dreadfull mixture of huge Roman modern antiques (that Cesar bust was the kind redneck will enthusiastically put in front of his house at retirement), low quality 70s, pseudo African safari seats... The funny thing is to compare this with interiors pictures in the displayed magazines. Foodserved is the one you sometimes cannot forget as it is not always fresh (grapefruit juice tastes the 3 day-old bitterness). And no waiter for 30 minutes while the breakfast buffet is almost empty: she was speaking with colleagues in their area. And do not try to ask for them: they will not hear you!The pool: here is the worst. Forget this ridiculous anti-decoration. Focus on matresses (old, dirty and wet), floor (wet, smelly and... between white, red and organic green), water (it is salt but it is smelly as well). The jacuzzi: even do not invite your enemy to enter it; you would be accused of crime after his bacterial attacks (I do not mention the old egg smell in the jacuzzi environment). Staff? Do you really need anybody when on a pool area? How spoiled children areyou! If you cannot find the towels, well, go and buy one! Isn't that obvious in a 5 stars hotel?A good point for the barman, one of the few to try to do something 5 stars rated in the hotel. Others to be mentionned: I will not mentionthem but give them an advice: ESCAPE.... And they know that!Funny: the lounge area in the lobby is usually closed so that there is a total of 8 seats if you need to wait in the lobby!  
<Date>Jul 18, 2007
<Rating>1	1	2	1	1	1	1	1	

<Author>Weary_Traveler_LA
<Content>Overall, every nice We stayed at the Windsor Court at the end of June. The website had a great deal and we upgraded to the Junior Suite on the Club Level because they were nearly half off. The room was spacious as was the marble bathroom but there was a peculiar, very floral smell in the sitting room which I attributed to the antique furniture. We had a decent city view and a tiny balcony on the 22nd floor. The room was whisper quiet after the nightly music died down about 10:30 PM. Where was this coming from?The club level included a nice breakfast spread which was sparsely attended Saturday morning but crowded on Sunday. They didn't clear dishes away or keep up with the food well when there was a crowd. The view from the club lounge was very nice overlooking the Mississippi river. They also had a nice tea service in the afternoon which I appreciated because I wouldn't have taken tea downstairs by myself.The gym was well equipped and barely used but stuffy. I also embarassingly got locked out of the club level on Sunday morning after my run because the key card gets deactivated being near a cell phone. (This is the first hotel I have ever had this encounter with). They cheerfully replaced it at the front desk while I stood there in sweaty gym clothes.The only problem I had with the valet occurred when I pulled up on Saturday just before 4 PM which is time for high tea. I asked them not to park the car far because we had dinner reservations at 6:30 PM. I knew they had a remote lot because I heard them apologizing to another guest that it would take at least 12 minutes to retrieve his car. Well, of course, we waited until almost 7 to get our car from that remote lot as well.Overall, the room was clean and nicely appointed. (We did have a 6 AM bathroom visitor -- a giant roach) and in post Katrina New Orleans I applaud the Windsor Court for continuing to try to deliver five star service.  
<Date>Jul 15, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	4	5	5	-1	

<Author>sebekdoxy
<Content>Getting better Ok, I mentioned in a previous review of another property that Windsor Court was one of the places that, although I have stayed there many times, I have never written a review of it. My most recent visit has changed my opinion from neutral to a real value.The club floor in now open. We booked a full suite on a holiday and paid a mere $305 including tax and service. The club floor suites are decent size and have been refurbished, however, the over abundance of Pottery Barn room accents were a little tacky.The new club floor lounge is very nice, quite large, if not a bit understaffed. That was understandable, the first time we went in there, we were the only people. The next time, there were about 15 people. I think that Windsor Court realized that they had to do something and I think that they did a commendable job.A few minuses-Our balcony was covered in cigarette butts from the previous guest.There was an 'UNO' card in the middle of the bedroom floor (kinda weird).The room wasn't all that clean.The club level indicates that you will have fresh flowers and personalized stationary in your room. Had neither, but no big dealThe one small ancient TV had a satellite system that regularly lost its signal.The kitchen had a few useful items like glassware, but no silverware, cookware, plates or even a dishtowel.Had to call the front desk to find out the club lounge hours, there was no response from the club lounge phone.The bath/shower remains small for a property of this level.Although the club level offers its' own concierge and butler service, good luck finding their phone numbers.Some big improvements-Molten and Brown ammenitiesNew Italian linensFreshly painted/papered roomsService continues to improve.Food in the club quite nice.Having finally moved back to New Orleans last year (not sure how to change my profile), I can say that the Grand Dame is finally coming back. I think it worth a look, especially given the unbelievably low prices. I assure you, those prices will not last.  
<Date>Jul 5, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	2	5	5	-1	

<Author>Ebbet4
<Content>Top Notch Service I stayed at the Windsor Court for three nights while in NOLA for work. I was sick one day, and the kitchen  staff went the extra mile to make sure I had fresh chicken soup and asprin. Every single employee seemed to go above  beyond. I especially enjoyed the friendly staff at the Polo Lounge.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2007
<Rating>5	4	4	3	5	4	5	5	

<Author>auburn8
<Content>Service with a Smile I stayed at the Windsor Court while back in New Orleans for a high school class reunion. Each and every employee I came in contact with at the Windsor Court was friendly and professional. The facilities are wonderful and are showing no ill effect from Katrina. I had a suite reserved until my family had to back out at the last minute so I downgraded to a deluxe room. The room was exceptionally large and very comfortable. The restroom was very large and marble tiled. The bed was outstanding as were the pillows. It would be nice for a 5* hotel to use fitted sheets on the bottom as the flat sheets refused to stay tucked in. Also, I'm not sure if the people in the room above me were loud walkers or there is not much sound insulation between floors. Those problems were minimal compared to the overall exceptional experience I had with the Windsor Court. As mentioned in several other reviews the location is outstanding, close to the Riverwalk, the Aquarium, Harrah's, the French Quarter, The Super Dome, and the Conference Center. I would highly recommend a stay in the Windsor Court.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	-1	

<Author>texaslawman
<Content>Great getaway We just returned from a good visit to New Orleans and a great visit to the Windsor Court. This is one of the best hotels in the City and almost back to normal from the Hurricane. While I noticed some old furnishings in the room, I could tell the staff went to great lengths to make sure everything was clean and orderly until everything could be replaced. Of course, there were some stains on the chairs in our room and some mold on the tub but I got over it. One thing that I could not get over is how some of the staff treated us at checkout. A couple of housekeepers and one front desk person in particular made our checkout experience upsetting. We were staying there as an American Express Platinum Card member which entitled us to a guaranteed 4 pm. checkout. Nonetheless, the housekeeping staff rang our door bell at least 3-4 times to ask when we were checking out and to ensure that it was soon. The worst was when the very front desk person who checked us in (and gave us the perks with our travel program) came to the room to see when we were checking out. I told him that we would be checking out at around 4. He told me that I would be charged if I stayed past 3!!! I reminded him about the program I was on and he looked surprised and walked away. I complained to the hotel manager who simply apologized and said that it would never happen again. Apparently, the checkout crew does not know when each guest checks out and assumes that everyone checks out at 11 or 12! Besides that (which could happen anywhere) we loved the hotel and our room. You will not be disappointed.  
<Date>Jun 11, 2007
<Rating>4	5	4	5	4	3	4	4	

<Author>LucyRoo
<Content>Great stay at the Windsor Court Stayed at the Windsor Court for the second weekend of JazzFest, myself, husband and our two year old. The hotel staff were exceptionally friendly and helpful. We had a suite, most of the rooms are suites. It was large and comfortable with a small kitchenette - indispensable with a toddler. The bed was comfortable with nice sheets and down pillows. We had room service three times, it was the best room service food I have ever had. We also ate in the less formal Polo Club with our son, the staff were very accomodating and friendly. The pool is small, but very clean and well kept. The adjacent fitness room is well equipped with health club quality machines. I would definitely stay here again, the location is great and the service really is wonderful. Every single staff member was so helpful and friendly, without exception.  
<Date>May 8, 2007
<Rating>5	4	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>BrooklynNYC
<Content>One of the Best My wife and I spent the last weekend of April enjoying the city of New Orleans and going to Jazz Fest. There is nothing better than being at the festival all day and coming back to a hotel like the Windsor Court. It is first class all the way. Everyone from the doorman to the house maid treats like you a VIP. We asked the concierge on Friday night at 8pm to find us a good restaurant to eat in at 9pm. Within 10 minutes he had us a reservation at one of the better restaurants in town. Not an easy task during Jazz Fest weekend. We will return to this hotel and probably never stay anywhere else when in New Orleans.  
<Date>May 1, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>londoncal
<Content>Spectacular A wonderful suite hotel with an old world flavor and all the modern conveniences. Second floor bar is special, and invites you to stay in a city with lots of bourbon street bar activitiy. Service is top-notch  
<Date>Mar 19, 2007
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>mileway
<Content>almost a five We spent 3 nights at this lovely hotel in New Orleans. It is really a hidden gem. The full suite was nice and roomy. They could have had 2 tvs - one for the bedroom, one for the sitting room. It is almost a five, just needs a little tweaking. Examples -- light out in the bathroom vanity light the whole time we were there. The service in the main restaurant was downright slow, and the service staff did not apoligize at all. But the Polo Lounge was great. We ended up eating lunch there one day and the service and food was fantastic. The hotel itself is beautiful. Ask for a room on the opposite of the casino. It can be loud at night. It is just on the outskirts of the French quarter, a walk of maybe 5 - 10 minutes to get to Bourbon Street.  
<Date>Feb 27, 2007
<Rating>5	3	5	5	4	4	4	4	

<Author>GrahamB/RachelG
<Content>What a wonderful place Service was outstanding, but not stuffy, always welcoming staff. We've lived in smaller places than the suite we stayed in. The decor was very well done. View of the Mississippi was very nice, particularly at night. Excellent food as well. Free wireless. Great location.  
<Date>Feb 11, 2007
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>phyllisraines
<Content>To Still Post-Katrina service at pre-Katrina Prices Sorry, the Club Level is still not orperating in January. I just returned from there yesterday, after booking the Club Level, only to be told that they were not set Up for the Club Level at this time, although I paid the price for three Club Level Rooms. Please don't expect anything better than the other levels, still a plastic shower curtain, worn bed linens, and large but not updated or luxury baths...........no hand towels in my room and the same old amentities, although I was told they were updated.Not true.......the Windsor needs to do some major changes to restore the hotel to it's former grandeur. It is so sad.  
<Date>Jan 8, 2007
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>menace7
<Content>Excellent service, room maintenance, everything- PERFECT!       View looking toward the Miss River  
<Date>Nov 16, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	5	5	5	5	

<Author>patiD
<Content>Great Service/Food We were here for a special event including a large banquet.First. Some review have made comment about the hotel being a little shabby and faded -- I saw a few things not 100%, but very few and not really enough to fuss about.Second: The service, despite still being understaffed, was wonderful. The responses were very fast. I managed to incorrectly enter my code into the safe and could not open it -- just while needing to rush out dressed to the nines. Security was up there in less than five minutes to open the safe and get me on my way. Every call was answered with the same dispatch. Needless to say, it is the wise person who requests service in a nice way rather than demanding.Third: The food for the banquet was just to die for. I am sure we have all had banquet food to die from --this was truly a surprise. Everything was excellent, just as though prepared for my table alone. The service, also superb. Breakfast also fabulous. The kitchen really makes the difference between the Windsor Court and the other top hotels around..Yes, it is pricey, and you tip a lot. No ice machine, no micro or refrigerator in your room (but a mini bar into which you can put your own items), no in-room coffee. But, that seems to be the ways of a 5-star hotel.  
<Date>Oct 23, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	3	4	5	5	3	

<Author>busenkb
<Content>Nice stay but needs work My husband and I , New Orleans natives, stayed at the Windsor for our Anniversary weekend. We had stayed here 5 years previously for part of our honeymoon. Being Katrina victims ourselves, we had moderate expectations for this hotel now past the 1 year anniversary of that fateful day. And that is about what we got. The hotel is still beautiful but is a little worn. The rooms could use a refurbishing. The carpet has stains and the furniture is somewhat beat up. We stayed in a suite and had great views of the river. We booked it for $199 through the hotel web site. A great price for the Windsor in its current condition. I wouldn't pay more and I am sure we didn't pay this 5 years ago. There is only continental breakfast for room service and at $18 is way overpriced for toast, a biscuit and a crossiant with cofffee and OJ. And that is not including tax and service charge. You would do much better getting out for breakfast (and all your meals for that matter-this is New Orleans!). Lunch and dinner room service is only on the weekends. We did not eat in the Grill Room (the hotel restaurant). As for the rest of the service, it seemed understaffed but everyone was pleasant and glad we were there. Housekeeping was late everyday. No clean room until 3-5 pm. Getting our car always took a while with only 2 guys working valet. Overall, I am glad we stayed here but mostly for the memories. Both my husband and I inquired about possible renovations to this hotel and they are underway and working down the floors. Hopefully the Windor will return to its original prestigous status. I am sure that we will try it out again but not until this is done.  
<Date>Sep 12, 2006
<Rating>3	4	2	4	4	3	3	3	

<Author>slrohrbaugh
<Content>An experience never to be forgotten!! I must say that in all my travels, I have never been treated so kindly from the time I arrived, until the time I left which was 5 days. The staff was amazing for it being the one year anniversary of Katrina and so many guests staying there throughout the week. My room was very comfortable, and the bathroom very spacious to include all ammenities, as I am a big guy who enjoys a bath now and then. The Valet staff were extraordinary especially David who worked hard to make all around him feel special. Room Service food was amazing and the bartender in the Polo Lounge can make a killer Rasberry Martini! I hope if I ever get a chance to visit New Orleans again, my company will choose the Windsor Court as our home away from home.  
<Date>Sep 1, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	5	4	5	5	5	

<Author>sbenedi
<Content>Treated like royalty at the Windsor Court We returned to the Windsor Court Hotel for a vacation. We had stayed there prior to Katrina, and was not sure what to expect on our return visit. I am pleased to say that we had a wonderful stay. The staff is what makes this such a special place to stay. Robert Lowe is now the concierge, and he is a gem. Everyone, from the doorman, to the bellman, to the maid, to the front desk, went out of their way to make our stay special. It is true that room service for breakfast is limited to a continental breakfast, but, oh what a delight that was. We ordered breakfast for one(your choice of 4 pastries), with coffee set up for 2. Fresh buttery croissants that crackled when you pulled them apart, a fresh raspberry Danish with raspberries the size of strawberries, everything was yummy! Breakfast was delivered promply in about 10 minutes, and the tray was picked up about an hour later. This is not what I consider a family hotel. There were no children in the pool, the atmosphere was quiet and relaxed.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2006
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Westonian
<Content>Still post-Katrina service at pre-Katrina prices We spent five days in a suite booked on the hotel website at $450 per day plus 13% tax.Having stayed in a suite at this hotel before, we discovered that the corner suites (1717, for example) are much larger than those elsewhere on the floor, even though they are the same price. There is a large bathroom, albeit with a plastic shower curtain in the tub instead of a separate shower, and a dressing room which includes another sink. The bedroom is a good size, although the bed is exceptionally uncomfortable and the bed linens are old and of poor quality. The living room is large, and has two sofas and an armchair around a coffee table, as well as a small dining table with two chairs; but there are only glass French doors separating it from the bedroom. There is a good-sized kitchen with a full-size refrigerator and a sink. A call to room service yielded a coffee maker along with the requisite cups, etc., for two people.The overall condition of the furnishings was acceptable, everything looking a bit dated but also clean and free of nicks, scratches and stains. High-speed Internet is free. The A/C has two zones and is reasonably quiet. The TVs, which incorporate a VCR, are ancient CRT boxes. There is a free library of videotaped movies downstairs. It was fun trying to remember how to use a VCR.Valet parking and check-out were friendly and efficient. However some other services are still in post-Katrina mode, which seems unnecessary nearly one year after the event. For example, the Front Desk agreed to gave the NYT delivered to our room every morning, but when I called to enquire about its whereabouts at 0630, I was told that the person who does that does not come on until 0700. (Although, curiously enough, the local paper was delivered to every room during the night.) There is still no concierge.Room service is still on a post-Katrina limited (type-written) menu, and it shuts down at 2300. Dinner was delivered promptly, but the table was not removed in response to our request. I put it in the corridor, and it was still there at 10 the next morning (quite smelly by that time).Breakfast is still buffet only, and a rip-off at $21 plus $3.50 for coffee (the first time I've paid extra for coffee with a buffet breakfast) plus 13% tax and no option of a continental breakfast at lower costs. When I questioned the bill on this last point, having consumed just two tiny muffins and a pat of butter, a suited Food and Beverage Manager showed up and refused to make any adjustment.In talking with the Director of Rooms who called to apologise about the two locust-sized insects which we found in our bedroom on the first night (one actually in the bed), we learned that floors 18-22 are being renovated and converted into a Club Level. The target date for completion of this work is mid-September. I understand that these room will have a flat-panel TV and, who knows, maybe even a proper shower.  
<Date>Jul 14, 2006
<Rating>2	1	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>Bourdeaux
<Content>Maybe it Used to be a five star hotel .... not any longer My husband and I did a 7 day/6 night trip to New Orleans last May - 2005 - a few months before the hurricane hit. It was our first trip to this city. I didn't know about this web site then or I would have posted comments earlier. I am posting now as it appears our feedback is similar to those many have had since then. (Some of course say better things but, travelers deserve all levels of experience to make the best decision). I'm sure our pre-Katrina experiences were different than those experienced today in New Orleans by visitors. Since we explored much of the city and it's major attractions, we could relate to everything we saw on t.v. during the hurricane and after.I selected the Windsor Court Hotel after doing research on line, via mail and through the hotel. I selected it for it's 4-5 star status, excellent reviews and it's location. We wanted to be in the heart of things but, not by the super busy French Quarter. We wanted a taste of the city without going over-board. We felt The Windsor Court Hotel would do that.Positive points to the hotel we experienced:The entrance is well landscaped, appealing and attractive.The lobby was well appointed with furnishings, flowers and decorations. It is elite and sophisticated and they even do a little British tea hour each day (all hail the Queen!). The bell hop, concierge and desk staff were friendly and efficient. We used the bell hop upon arrival and when we left. The bell hop was great in acquainting us with our room and hotel amenities and even helped us locate things on a map. The concierge was great in booking us dining reservations and excursions. They were patient as we made choices and friendly even if we changed our minds later and had to cancel things. Our room was a suite and quite spacious. It had an entryway, living area, bar area w/sink  fridge, small dining nook, french doors to our bedroom for privacy, large king sized bed, tables, lamps, desk/chair, internet connection, t.v., dressing area with bureau and closet space and small outdoor balcony that you could stand out but, not really large enough for sitting.The bathroom was spacious enough for two and modern.The breakfast menu for in-room service was excellent as was dinner. We actually chose to order room service for breakfast for 4-5 days as it was so good (fresh juices, home made muffins/breads, etc). Dinner was great too -had dinner in room 2-3 times as it was also excellent (plus, one of us got a cold and so we had to slow things down a little in the middle of the trip).Unfortunately....even with these positive things, we experienced a lot of negatives that caused the hotel to get much lower reviews from us than it should have. Negatives we experienced were:The hotel is not cheap - a good $225-250 for the room we booked - at least 1/2 of the remaining hotels in town are less than this and might be worth it....Upon check in, we noticed in the lobby, the halls and our rooms a prevailing smell - be it mold, mildew or simply high humidity. It might be the norm down there but, it did stand out. Unsure if this could be corrected with better ventilation and/or better cleaning techniques.Our room had many issues we found immediately after the bell hop left. We noticed that the furniture in the room was older, dated and had nicks, scratches and warping. The live plants in our living room were 1/2 dead and looked like they were over watered and uncared for and were shedding leaves everywhere. We only had about 6 hangers in our room. It took a full day and a half for room service to bring us another dozen - we needed those as between my husband and me we had a weeks worth of clothes to hang. We turned down the bed and noticed that the sheets had yellow stains in a few areas on one side of the bed. Two queen sized pillow cases had been used on king sized pillows - they were falling out. When we removed the cases we saw more stains all over the fabric of the pillow. Not appealing at all. We called and asked for a complete removal of old bed linens and new ones put on. We also asked for more pillows as well. The bathroom only had 1 roll of toilet paper and the tissues ran out after only pulling out 2-3 upon our arrival. Had to get these things replaced too. The bathroom also needed a better cleaning as there was hairs on the walls and in the tub still - we asked those be re-cleaned when housekeeping came back.The rug from the living room to the bedroom had stains down the middle and it didn't look good. Unsure if they couldn't come clean or cleaning had not been done.The AC worked fine but, we could never get comfortable with the system. Either it got too cold and we had to turn it down and then it got sticky and muggy or we turned it up and we froze to death. All week we constantly opened the balcony doors, then turned up the AC and back and forth it went. Maybe that's the way it works in the south due to the high humidity levels.Room service was slow to remove food trays and carts from the room after eating. Once, we called in the a.m. for pick up and house keeping and when we got back at 5pm, nothing had been done yet! We of course, called for service a 2nd time and left again and finally, upon arrival later in the night, all was cleaned. But...it is unclear if house keeping vaccums rooms each day as we often ate in the room and crumbs didn't always seem to be cleaned up. I was more irritated by all these little things than my husband. I guess because I had read so many glowing reviews on this hotel and all the magazines that had profiled this as a top property that my expectations were high. Boy, was I in for a let down. For the price we paid and what we got....I would have called this a 2 1/2 to 3 star hotel not 4 or better. As one reviewer noted, this might have been a great place in the past but, clearly, it is lacking today.We did ask to speak to the hotel manager our second day there as the things we found in the room grew over the first 24 hours. The hotel manager was sympathetic to our concerns, wrote everything down and what could be fixed, was. The manager seemed to make excuses for the poor quality condition of the room and furniture and because the hotel was close to full, made no attempts to give us a better room. All the cleaning related items were improved and we were sent up complimentary desert and beverage as apology the second night. They did try and we appreciated it.I wrote a long letter to the hotel after our visit so, they would have something for our records and for them to know what our experience was. We shared important plus points and those that needed serious work. The head property manager did write us back to thank us for our feedback. They paid compliments to those who earned it and took to heart the negatives. They advised our room was put out of commission after our letter and was being refurbished (as some rooms are rotated for this each year) and ours had clearly been missed. We were issued a free room update to a larger suite at no charge should we choose to return again and given 1-2 nights complimentary with a stay of 5 days or more. We thought the letter and offer was kind and professional. We did not take them up on it but, the thought counts.The location is solid - in the heart of the revitalized business district, right next to the French Quarter, across the street from the Casino, within walking distance to all the important trolley pick ups and city sights. We visited The D-Day Museum, The Audubon Park  Zoo, rode all the St. Charles St. etc. cable cars, visited Blaine's Mardi Gras World  the area of Algiers, gambling at Harrah's Casino and attended a comedy club event one night, paddle boat ride on the Mississippi river, shopping at the Riverwalk Shops, visited the aquarium, went into the Garden District/Business District/French Quarter and did some general walking tours. We were set to do a croc tour and plantation tour but, simply ran out of steam and had to scale back at the end. All the attractions were interesting and appealing as advertised. We would recommend them all. We ate at many restaurants in the city - some older and visited by mainly locals to those that are trendy for tourists. We found breakfast best at our hotel and then lunch and dinner and some deserts out on the town. Very enjoyable. Prices seemed a bit high in all areas but, the food spicy and good. Although this city was strong in terms of being diverse, energentic, lively and interesting almost 24 hours a day....we saw quite a bit of dirt, trash, decay and poverty even before Katrina hit. New Orleans was a true American city torn between great wealth and over whelming poverty. That was a sad thing even before a major hurricane destroyed this city further. Fortunately, the city is also a fine blend of all cultures and all people and that was a good thing. One thing we recognized immediately...there was water everywhere - at the Mississippi River, The Gulf of Mexico and Lake Pontchatrain. We were hot, sticky and tired from day one from the heat and the dampness (even in early May). I can only imagine what it's like in the middle of steamy August down there! Water is a powerful force, if this wasn't taken seriously back then, hopefully it will now. The force of the land and mother nature is never to be taken lightly. We chose May as it was pre-hurricane season and are we glad we did. The devistation that followed is a terrible tragedy.Most of the areas we visited we were only lightly to moderately damaged from what he read, saw and heard from the hurriance. It appears current reviews note that the work force is understandably reduced so, some services have gone down. To be expected.Hopefully, the city will continue to re-build as needed and come back better and smarter than in the past. New Orleans has many appealing sides to the city and we can see why many people like or love this city. Unfortunately for us, due to the lack luster hotel, the dirt/trash and decay we saw even before the hurricane hit...it is not a city we will return to. We wish it well but, it was not for us.  
<Date>Jun 9, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	2	-1	2	-1	

<Author>sweetgirlSt_Louis
<Content>The Best Hotel In the City I have just returned from my fourth visit to New Orleans and my third stay at the Windsor Court since Hurricane Katrina and I would not stay anywhere else in the City. Because my husband is a native of New Orleans, we have been traveling back to that City for over 25 years, During those years we have stayed at the big box hotels, small BBs Garden District Hotels and many in the French Quarter. In recent years because we owned a home on the Mississippi coast, hotels in New Orleans were not an issue for us.With the wrath of Katrina so went our vacation home and when we decided to make our first trip after the hurricane at Thanksgiving, the Windsor Court was one of the few hotels open. The warm welcome we received then as well as on our subsequent visits has truly made the Windsor Court our home away from home. Although we have booked our rooms at the cheapest rate, we have always been upgraded to a junior or full suite. The rooms are spacious, comfortable and most of all quiet. The staff has always gone out of their way to help us in any way - including making our 10 and ll year old children feel special and welcome. The restaurant and bar are absolutely wonderful and there is fresh coffee on the 2nd floor each morning at 6:30 to enjoy with your complimentary newspaper.From the moment you pull into the courtyard, every member of the staff is at your beck and call. It is wonderful to see the same faces and receive a welcome back from Jackie or Robert at the front desk. Everything is done in a highly professional manner. As an added bonus, the hotel is directly across the street from Restaurant August which is run by John Besh, one of the most highly regarded chefs in New Orleans who is also a hero to those workers that he cooks for on a volunteer basis. And in a city that struggles on a day to day basis to survive in so many ways, the Windsor Court is an oasis of elegance and calm. While you are there, eating at the restaurant, having cocktails in the bar, high tea in the afternoon or lounging at the wonderful pool, you can almost forget that you are in the midst of an ongoing disaster. Because the Windsor Court is in the Central Business District, it is not the hotel for anyone whose purpose in visiting is Bourbon Street or the French Quarter, although it is an easy walk across Canal Street to get there. But if you are looking for calm and quiet atmosphere with good service, the Windsor Court is the place to stay.  
<Date>May 31, 2006
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>JIMCHI
<Content>Above Average- Not Great We stayed here last week for 4 days, our first visit to the hotel, but our 4th visit to New Orleans. We stayed in a full suite. which the hotel was offering at a deeply discounted rate. The suite on the 16th floor was very good sized and consisted of a living room and bedroom separated by French doors. There was also a butler's pantry which had a full refrigerator and an oven. The majority of the refrigerator consisted of a mini-bar. The suite was very quiet and had a nice view of the Mississippi River, although Harrah's Casino blocked part of the view.There were some housekeeping issues- they failed to give us any washcloths on the 2nd day of our stay; had to call and it took about 30 minutes to get them. One of the chairs in the living room had badly soiled arms and there was a stain on the carpet. We were surprised that despite having a butler's pantry/kitchen, there was no coffee maker in the suite.The Windsor Court does not have the best location for visiting the French Quarter. It seemed like every place of interest was about 8 blocks and a 20 minute walk away. Jackson Square is about a 10 minute walk.Despite these minor issues, we would consider staying there again on our next visit to New Orleans, although I don't think we would ever consider paying the full rack rate.  
<Date>May 14, 2006
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	2	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Alice
<Content>Not a 5 Star! But go to New Orleans, anyway! I was not sure about going to New Orleans for my business conference but I had a nice time and was happy to spend my much appreciated tourist money. The streets are not flooded and my allergies did not act up. It is not as crowded and the shop keepers and restaurants are thrilled to see you and your wallets! Go to New Orleans before it gets crowded again with tourists!I stayed at the Windsor Court in March 2006 for a conference. I had a rate of $200 for a suite. The detailed review below on April 18, 2006 is very accurate. The hotel needs updating. It is not awful but not up to Orient Express impeccable quality. The first suite I was offered I declined (#616). A huge stain on the carpet and on the bedspreads. I went downstairs and the front desk gave me #1612. This room was much better and on a high floor. The wear and tear on the room was due to years of guests not Katrina. Nicked furniture, the finial came off the bedpost, old style televison sets. One TV did not work. Older bathroom fixtures, stained wallpaper, paint ready to peel in the bathroom and frayed upholstery. The deadbolt lock on the door did not work. Housekeeping promptly sent up a repairperson. There were some housekeeping missteps but I cut the hotel slack due to understaffing. No breakfast service. They should set up coffee urns in the lobby. The kitchenette had sticky counters and floors and old appliances. The Ritz Carlton is closed so no real competition. I would stay at WC again until no other game in town but I would not pay over $200. This is not up to Orient Express standards.New Orleans is back on its feet. I did go on a tour of the massively devasted suburbs. Worse than you can imagine. You won't see this damage if you come from the airport to the French Quarter or Garden district. The Saks is closed and some other stores but many opening up again. I was happy to do my part and spend my tourist dollars in NOLA.  
<Date>Apr 27, 2006
<Rating>3	3	2	-1	3	-1	3	-1	

<Author>Mirval
<Content>A Faded 5 Star My most recent stay at the Windsor Court was reduced from a planned five night stay to one night. As an ex New Orleanian I am very familiar with most of the city's hotels.One night was enough to quickly gather that this wonderful hotel has many problems and is riding on it's famed reputation for service and luxury.I had reserved a full suite for $275 per night on a promotional rate on the Orient Express hotels website. I was assigned a large corner suite as requested.I have been an occassional guest of the Windsor Court for 15 years now. This was one of the finest hotels in the world; up until about 10 years ago this hotel shined like a diamond and was impeccably flawless in every way. It was slowly declining and now due to Hurricane Katrina and the resultant lack of staff, it's decline in service and ambience is horrible.The hotel is approximately 20 years old and is really starting to show it's age. The rooms and public areas need a serious remodel. The lovely art collection and classic British design will always remain but it's getting tired and everything needs a good scrub or replaced.Hurricane Katrina has resulted in the hotel being severely understaffed. The Windsor Court only has 30% of it's normal staffing levels including contract housekeepers according to the front desk clerk.Service was therefore dismal. The problems:a.) Housekeeping is very slack. My suite, 1501, had a 20 year old fridge with mold and mildew stains on the inside of the door. The top of the fridge and range hood were filthy and had not been cleaned since before Hurricane Katrina (8 months ago).b.) No turn down service (due to no staff).c.) Housekeeping was generally poor. Dusty room, stickers on the windows from October (glass was replaced due to hurricane blowing out the windows - housekeeping in 7 months had never bothered to remove the stickers from the new glass windows).d.) Room service is very limited (soups, sandwiches and simpler items) from 11 AM to 11 PM with a small menu. My lunch ordered at 1 PM was obviously previously prepared. The room service tray sat in the suite for 24 hours until I checked out. No one came to remove the tray.e.) No wi-fi internet in room. This is unacceptable for a hotel of the Windsor Court's famed stature.f.) Rooms with videocassette players. Not a DVD player in sight. Time to upgrade to Plasma flatscreens.g.) Horrible fabrics with clashing patterns (stripes on one sofa and brocade on the other) and loud floral prints on the curtains. Stripes, floral prints and patterned carpets create a hideous jungle of clashing fabrics. Very poor interior design. The Windsor Court needs a serious interior designer to keep the British country home a la Laura Ashley or Ralph Lauren feel. A luxury hotel needs to feel and look the part. h.) Worn out furniture. Nicked and abused. Quality furnishings that are now 20 years old and needing refinished.i.) Beds that are very ordinary. With even the Sheraton having a luxury bed with duvet cover, it's now time for the Windsor Court to deliver a luxury sleeping experience.Overall, this is still a lovely hotel. It is no longer 5 star. With a modernization program, serious renovation and more staff, it will easily once again become the premier grande dame of the city.Meanwhile, once the Ritz Carlton New Orleans reopens, it is a far superior property. Until the Ritz Carlton reopens I'm afraid New Orleans is without a 5 star hotel.  
<Date>Apr 17, 2006
<Rating>2	2	2	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>ksakmorris
<Content>Loved the Windsor Court Went to Windsor Court for 3 nights over spring break with our family. It was the perfect place for us. The separate bedroom was nice after the kids went to sleep. The pool was great (it gets morning sun) and they even met some other kids there! All the staff were very nice and helpful, even though some were doing double duty(the concierge also worked front desk and answered the phone for housekeeping once!).Location was great for us also! We felt very safe and it would have been even better if the Aquarium were open. All in all, we would definitely stay there again!  
<Date>Apr 11, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>kimhoney
<Content>same but so many fewer people We stayed at the Windsor Court this past weekend. Our first trip to N.O. since Katrina and Rita. The hotel looks the same, rooms look the same, just a wonderful luxury hotel. But it's not nearly at 100% but how could it be with only 20% of its staff (which is not unusual city wide, in restaurants, stores, hotels)? The polo lounge bar is open more limited hours. It looks like tea was in full force. Little things like no robes, no chocolates at turn down (the absolutely unnecessary things that make the place so special). The staff that were there were superb. They all have survived especially traumatic times personally and professionally. Ask them about it. It seemed therapeutic to talk to waiters, bartenders, just everyone about the catastrophe. It really seems like most everyone down there is in a state of depression, with good reason as the area is still completely devastated.Of course the quarter is as it always was. Boisterous. All the restaurants were open and good, with somewhat limited menus and hours. We ate at GWFins, NOLA, Palace Cafe and August and all were excellent. We heard that uptown Commanders will open in July. No telling about DelMonico.Overall our visit was quite nice. We are so glad that our favorite city and our favorite hotel is making progress. Every visitor should, however, see history: Lakeview, Chalmette and the 9th Ward. Television does depict the massive nature of the destruction.  
<Date>Mar 21, 2006
<Rating>4	4	5	-1	5	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>dre51
<Content>Windsor Court - the best in town We stayed at the Windsor Court for Valentine's Day in 2005 and thought we'd make it an annual event. We were a little hesitant as to whether everything would be the same, since the hurricane, but were delighted that the service was exactly as nice as it had been in '05. Infact, the staff seemed to go out of their way to welcome us back and provided detailed information on which restaurants were open and within walking distance. The place was packed, but the service was excellent.  
<Date>Feb 25, 2006
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>ok, preferred the ritz carlton Was nice enough, though expected more for the money.  
<Date>Jan 6, 2006
<Rating>3	2	4	-1	3	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>City welcomed us back! My wife and I stayed at the Windsor Court last week to get away for one night for my birthday. This was our first trip to New Orleans since the hurricane. We have stayed here before, and were not sure what to expect. The front courtyard is as beautiful as we remember it, with no sign of damage. The hotel was beautifully decorated for Christmas. Our junior suite was well appointed, and looking at the view of the city from the balcony, one would never know what transpired here 3 months ago. The only reasons I have given the hotel 4 stars instead of 5 is that their famed restaurant, The Grill Room, is currently serving a buffet instead of a la carte. Also, room service is not available at this time. I asked the bellman about that, and he said they are waiting for more people to start coming to open up the full menu. We had dinner across the street at Cafe Adelaide where I have to say we had a delicious meal with a knowledgable, attentive wait staff. Cafe Adelaide is one of the Brennan family restaurants. We had wondered if quality staff would be available after the relocation of so many of the locals. During the day, we enjoyed antique shopping on Magazine street (surprisingly busy). Overall, my wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our overnight stay. One other note: Approximately 60% of New Orleans hotel rooms are back on line. This website still says Closed due to Hurricane Katrina for most New Orleans hotels, but I would advise you to call your favorite hotel anyway to check. The front desk at the Windsor Court was surprised when I told them about the notice on tripadvisor. I noticed before typing this that it no longer says that when you click on Windsor Court.  
<Date>Dec 14, 2005
<Rating>4	5	5	-1	5	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Windsor Court is Simply Outstanding My wife and I just returned from celebrating our 20th anniversary at the Windsor Court, and I can't think of one negative thing to say about this hotel. It was the experience of a lifetime, and provided us with anniversary memories that we will cherish forever.We requested, and received, a junior suite overlooking the Mississippi River. When I made the reservations, the representative asked me the occasion, and I explained that my wife and I were celebrating our anniversary. Nothing else was said. Less than 10 minutes after settling into our room, a bottle of champagne was delivered to our room, compliments of the hotel. What a great suprise!The hotel itself is beautifully decorated, and is accentuated throughout by eighteenth-century artwork. Our room was meticulous, and the maid service was prompt and thorough. The concierge was always attentive to our needs.On several occasions the hotel's town car and driver were made available to take us to different restaurants around town. On one occasion, we called the hotel from the Commander's Palace and they sent the car to pick us up.The Polo Lounge, located on the second floor, is a great spot for enjoying a cigar, a cocktail, and some quiet moments before retiring for the evening.Needless to say, we're already planning to return for our 21st anniversary.  
<Date>Aug 15, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>ecgp
<Content>Great Hotel, Fantastic Service This is a very pretty hotel. It is just beside Harrahs and not far at all from the quarter. We usually stay in the FQ when visiting New Orleans but our trip was planned last minute and this was the best available. Most of the rooms have balconies. We stayed in a one bedroom suite which had a separate bedroom, small kitchen, living room and two balconies. The concierge, bellmen and front desk staff were all very polite. Room service was expensive, but no more than any other New Orleans hotel and very quick. We did not eat in the restaurants -- they require a jacket for service and we did not bring dressy clothes. I would definitely stay here again.  
<Date>Aug 3, 2005
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	4	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Windsor Court a Great Stay I just completed a five day stay at the Windsor Court and found the hotel to fully measure up to a full service four star luxury hotel. Upon arrival, I found a leaky faucet in the bathroom and a burnt out light bulb in the bedroom. One phone call and upon my return from dinner both had been fixed to perfection along with a hand written note form the repair person...very impressive. The room was not brand new but was very clean, quiet and very comfortable. Free in-room high speed internet service and no local charges for calling card calls was also a nice touch. Turn down service was very impressive with hand made pralines and fresh flowers.The staff was very friendly and always wished a good day or good evening (not just management, everybody was very friendly). The lobby is very classic and the entry courtyard is very distinctive. I have travelled internationally for over 30 years and found this hotel in the top 15% of hotels I have stayed. I did not dine at the hotel so I can't comment in that regard.Location very convenient to both convention center (walking distance) and the French Quarter (walking distance). All in all a very nice place to stay in the Big Easy.  
<Date>Jul 22, 2005
<Rating>4	4	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>nocello
<Content>Over-Rated and Tired Off in the middle of nowhere behind the casino was the location for this tired, pretty but messy hotel. Staff was rude and slow to serve. Food in the grill room was laughably overpriced and full of pretense. It's time for a facelift for this one. Good thing the Ritz is in town for luxury and exceptional service. As someone who travels to New Orleans twice a month, this isn't worth the money.  
<Date>Jul 2, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	1	-1	

<Author>LJN
<Content>The only place to stay in New Orleans! We've been to New Orleans many times over the years but this was our first stay at the Windsor Court. I can't imagine anyone wanting to stay any place else. Our room (1915) was a full suite facing the Mississippi. We thought it to be about 1000 sq ft. Full living room with 2 couches, TV and desk, dining area, butler's pantry with a full fridge, oven and sink. French doors off the living room open into the bedroom (with a 2nd TV and sitting area) which leads into the dressing area which then extends into the bath area. We started each day in our Windsor Court bathrobes watching the river barge traffic while we ate breakfast. Then it was off to the 4th floor roof top pool. Carlos, the pool attendant, would prepare our lounge chairs and place a glass of ice water with a slice of orange on our side table. By the 3rd day our chairs were prepared before we even arrived (at our favorite spot) and a bottle of water waiting for us. The pool area is quite, private and relaxing. We even chose to have lunch served to us pool side.The hotel staff was just what one would expect in a fine hotel. We arrived early in the morning and the front desk made sure we were able to check into our room. Our last day we asked for an extended check out as we didn't need to leave for the airport until 4pm. We were hoping for a 1pm extension. We were told they didn't need the room so we should stay as long as we liked. Amazing!We were concerned about a few of the negative reviews we read on Trip Advisor. We spoke to the Ass't hotel manager, Mr Verma. The hotel was aware of the comments and had hoped that any guest who was displeased with anything in the hotel would bring it to their attention so they could rectify it during the stay. Our experience was flawless and we had no need to bring anything to the htole's attention.Being across the street from Harrah's was a plus for us. We seemed to be no more than 2 blocks to any destination whether it was the French Quarter, Riverwalk or the Canal Street trolley.  
<Date>Jun 25, 2005
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>Waxzer
<Content>Fabulous service; not so fabulous room I stayed at The Windsor Court for a few nights last week and was disappointed with the condition of the room. It was a bit shabby with stained couch and chair and a cheap wobbly coffee table. The bed was quite high and had nothing covering the box spring! It looked awful.There was a very cheap mattress cover that kept bunching up under me as I slept along with linens that did not fit. Also did not have the option of viewing new movies; you have to order tapes or DVD's.The staff is very attentive however and the food excellent. I loved the pool! The lounge chairs were so comfortable and it was extremely hot-93 degrees- every time I set down my empty cup of icy water another was placed on the table next to me. I would stay again for the pool alone. The hotel is just a few blocks from the French Quater so it's an easy walk but the hotel is on a nice quiet street. I just think the rooms could use a little help in this 5 star hotel.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>4	3	3	-1	4	-1	5	-1	

<Author>pterostyrax
<Content>On a downhill slide...... Sadly, the Windsor Court is just not up to the standards of a five or even a four star hotel anymore. It is in need of a complete remake as the rooms are starting to show a lot of wear and tear after 20+ years of age. Our shower/bathtub would only allow for showers. When reported, someone came up and looked at it while we were gone, but nothing was done about it. The finial on our bed came off when I put my hand on it for support. The fabrics on the furniture in the suite were cheap. The first time we stayed at the Windsor Court during it's 10th anniversary special, it was without a doubt the finest hotel we had ever stayed at. No longer.We won't be staying here in the future even though, as AMEX Centurion card holders, we are entitled to a room upgrade at the time of booking, free continental breakfasts each day, one free lunch for two at the New Orleans Grill, and one free dinner for two at the New Orleans Grill during a stay.Speaking of the New Orleans Grill, it was a big disappointment as well. It was a good dinner, but nothing memorable. It was more like going out to eat rather than dining. Dinner at Herbsaint the next day was a lot more memorable.  
<Date>May 31, 2005
<Rating>3	2	3	-1	2	-1	4	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not worth it Did some research prior to staying here and felt comfortable with the selection. Never have I been so disappointed in a hotel as I was with Windsor Court. Problem #1 - Dirty, Dirty, Dirty - room was filthy, and this was a Suite! Smoke detector had a 1/4 inch of dust on it that looked like it hadn't been cleaned in a year. Vanity mirror was only cleaned in the center. The bathtub/shower was covered in soap scum. We even pruposely left dirt in an area of tub to see if it would be cleaned and it wasnt. At more than $350 a night you expect a clean room at the minimum.Problem #2 - Disrepair. Toilet was not afixed to floor properly and rocked back and forth when sitting. Coffee table had a broken leg. End table had laminate removed on one corner. Plaster was falling off the walls over the closet. 2 recessed lights were falling out of their sockets.Problem #3 - Service. We tried to be gracious in asking for a separate room as we felt our room in terrible condition, but the staff was completely unresponsive to our requests. We pulled up in a taxi and the bell hops ignored us for people pulling up in their mercedes. - never mind the fact that we were staying in one of their most expensive rooms. We took pictures and sent them to Windsor court after our visit and have received ZERO communication from them concerning our visit. Unacceptable in my book.Reminder to all people using Orbitz, Expedia, and other brokers - you PREPAY for your room - these are often lower quality rooms - which gives you no leverage as to getting help from the hotel - they already have your money, and it is non-refundable! We have used Orbitz twice and have been given substandard rooms and received horrible treatment from staff who specifically mentioned that because we used Orbitz there was nothing that they could do to help us.  
<Date>May 23, 2005
<Rating>1	1	1	-1	1	-1	2	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Fair - Go elsewhere for the money Management not very helpful when theft occured.  
<Date>Apr 29, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Best hotel stay ever! We were welcomed at the front door by handsome, friendly doormen. Our luggage was whisked away. We sat at a table! to check in. We had arrived early, without warning the staff, but they offered to call us on the cell when the room was available, which was within a half-hour of arriving. They have a marvelous saftety-deposit box system - you get to keep one key, the hotel keeps the other and you have a private box. One point for those planning on staying here - the location is 3 blocks off the quarter - but it is blessedly quiet and not a bad walk at all. The room (suite) was very clean and markedly free of tacky furniture/art. It had a whole kitchenette, including a full refrigerator, stove and oven. The toiletries were below average, but who cares? The very best thing was the pool. It is on the secluded roof of the 4th floor. You come out and the pool man greets you by name. He then places a cover on the upholstered lawnchair you select. He will bring you a cocktail if you ask and a glass of water with a piece of orange in it if you don't. He will bring you a towel, an ashtray, heck, I think he'd bring anything! There is something wonderful about the pool arrangement, too - nice plants and urns scattered here and there. We also had room service (which was just beyond average but at least timely) and dinner at the restaurant (New Orleans Grill). One of the best meals I have ever had! Truly, the hotel and its physical attributes are among the best but really puts this place on top is the staff. They make you feel like you are a STAR! There is no prissiness or even a hint of pretension. I will never stay anywhere else in New Orleans. Other than the toiletries, the only thing I would change is to put a nice spa in the premises - one with plenty of cool water features and some nifty treatments.  
<Date>Apr 18, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>xcone
<Content>Well Trained Staff Well trained staff made for a very enjoyable stay at the Windsor Court. We were a group of ten women staying in 5 suites. All the staff members we encountered were very polite and efficient. We asked for coffeemakers to have an evening gathering in one suite with Irish Coffees. Not only did they deliver coffeemakers, they provided coffee, glasses and instructions on how to pour the coffee using a knife so we wouldn't break the glasses. We provided the liquors but they gave us everything else at no charge. We enjoyed a brush with stardom when we met Sean Penn at the elevator and in the bar, the service was excellent. The best suites are those higher up and facing the river. The view is terrific. We liked the location after having stayed in the French Quarter before. It is only 6 blocks to the Cafe du Monde and the rest of the Quarter and Harrah's is just across the street. We thoroughly enjoyed this hotel and would definitely return if in town again.  
<Date>Mar 25, 2005
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>luv2travel63
<Content>Loved the Windsor Court Just stayed at the Windsor Court for 4 nights Feb 2005. It is a great hotel in a perfect location. I am very picky but loved this place. The rooms are suites and the staff is great. The only negative would be the toilet shower area. It is a very large bathroom but the shower is only a tub shower combo, however, the water pressure is great. The room has a small kitchen but we never used it. Too many great places to eat nearby. There is a heated outdoor pool for the kids. The workout area is small but there is a small sauna and steam room for use which is free. Would highly recommend this hotel when in New Orleans. I have been at the Hilton, Wyndam Canal Place, Fairmont, and JW Marriott. This place is the best. The bed was a little firm but still loved the hotel.  
<Date>Feb 21, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>TN_girl
<Content>Amazing Hotel! Yes - it is a pricey hotel, but above and beyond the other hotels we saw (and read about) in New Orleans.We paid for a regular room, but were upgraded to a junior suite and it was bigger then my first apartment! Wonderfully decorated, and just beautiful. I can NEVER sleep in hotel beds very well, and I slept like a baby on this bed. It's also nice because it is far enough away from Bourbon Street that you don't get the noise and rif-raf, but close enough so that you can walk there. It is also very convienient to the River Walk.I loved New Orleans and would go back in a heartbeat and would absolutely stay at the Windsor Court!!Two thumbs up!  
<Date>Jan 25, 2005
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Not recommended We recently stayed at the Windsor Court while at a medical conference in New Orleans. Although we enjoyed the hotel and had no problem with the staff at the time, we have had a great deal of difficulty with the hotel since then.Upon realizing that our ipod had been left behind in the nightstand drawer, we visited the hotel the day after checking out to pick up the forgotten item, which it turns out they had not found. Although I realize that a hotel is not generally responsible for forgotten possessions, in my experience hotels with a much lesser reputation than the Windsor Court have consistently returned forgotten items. I would not recommend staying at the Windsor Court, as the management has been less than helpful and professional in resolving this issue. Furthermore, I do not have the feeling that your belongings would be safe, as we were informed that security finds it necessary to inspect staff as they leave the hotel, due to theft problems in the past. Given its ratings, I expected much better service from this hotel.  
<Date>Jan 12, 2005
<Rating>2	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>ClemsonGirl78
<Content>Wonderful!!!!! Wonderful place to stay in New Orleans! Close enough to the Quarter to walk. We had a beautiful Junior Suite overlooking the Mississippi River. The suite was tastefully decorated and the staff was superb! We enjoyed our 25th anniversary here and would recommend this place highly.  
<Date>Sep 29, 2004
<Rating>5	4	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>jsmithaustin
<Content>I'm very particular and this hotel is superb Just returned from 2 nights at the Windsor Court. It is a top-notch hotel. I am very picky and usually end up being dissatisfied with my initial room placement. Not at this hotel; the Jr Suite was fabulous. The staff was fully intent to provide first class service. Try the beignet's at breakfast. They are the best ever.  
<Date>Aug 16, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>wakegirl1967
<Content>WOW!! We booked our trip through Expedia and choose the Windsor Court because of the star rating and the ammenties it offered. We called two days prior to our arrival to confirm our reservation. While I was on the phone the hotel receptionist verified our requests, non-smoking room king bed etc. she then asked what prompted our stay with their hotel. I told her we were celebrating our 12th wedding anniversary. When we arrived we were upgraded from a deluxe room to a JR. Suite and there was a beautiful bouqet of flowers in the room with a card from the management of the hotel wishing us a happy anniversary! What an unexpected treat on both accounts. The room was large and the staff attentive. We refused the nightly turn down service but still received our dark chocolate or pralines. We never had to ask for anything. There was always a fresh bucket of ice in the room and plenty of towels. The pool was a refreshing was to wind down from a day of sightseeing and the pool bar staff very attentive as well. Our room was always cleaned up when we returned from sight seeing (2:30 - 5:00 P.M.) You are walking distance to everything! The rooms are like you would find in an older English hotel think with toile, dark furniture, and funky flowered patterns. The Windor Court is this type of English hotel right on down to the bells at the door! It is an orient express hotel so you cannot compare this to a Hilton, Hyatt, or DoubleTree since these are cookie cutter middle america hotels not a unique property. The pillows are soft down so they aren't as firm as the synthetic ones most people have at home however if you ask for an additional pillow then they will bring you one but the beds were heavenly. High Tea at 2:30 should be enjoyed once as well as the nightly cocktail hour with local wines. The movies offered are older but you are in New Orleans shouldn't you just get out an about? The only negative is the daily charge for parking a bit high but we only used the car one day. Even with that we would definitely stay at this hotel on a return trip to New Orleans!  
<Date>Aug 9, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>Thefoodcritic_7
<Content>Simply the best! I have stayed at many 5 star hotels. The Windsor Court had best service I ever experienced.  
<Date>Jul 20, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>VM26
<Content>Winsor Court: Comfortable, but showing it's age. We visited New Orleans in May of 2004. The staff was very nice and helpful. We had a lovely view of the river. Our suite was very comfortable but, tired and worn looking. The rooms need to be freshened up with new paint and more color. The pillows were awful. As a guest of the hotel, we think the parking fee was too high.  
<Date>Jul 7, 2004
<Rating>3	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>Wonderful luxury hotel! Just returned from a wonderful stay at the WCH. This is a beautiful hotel that is first class all the way. Huge 2-room suites that are extremely quite and very restful. Wonderful bedding that provides a restful sleep. The nightly turn-down service is lovely touch. Great location as it is walking distance to everything including the French Quarter, but yet far enough away from the craziness to provide a quite haven for relaxing. Fair warning - Harrah's Casino is only a few steps away directly across the street. Better hang on to your wallet!!First class service from the hotel staff. We had a couple of issues with the housekeeping staff, but fortunately the manager was able to take care of it quickly and she was cordial enough to provide us with a complementary meal in the hotel restaurant for our inconvenience. (Hopefully those issues we had will be taken care of, so future guests will not have a problem. ) They also have a very large pool on the 4th floor that has a very well stocked exercise room including a sauna and steam room. Also a relaxing outdoor Jacuzzi next to the pool. I would stay at this property the next time I go to New Orleans. Actually, it would probably be the ONLY place I would stay in NO. Highly recommend it!  
<Date>Jun 28, 2004
<Rating>5	5	5	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

<Author>A TripAdvisor Member
<Content>quiet rooms!! I just returned from New Orleans. On this trip we chose to stay at the Wyndham rather than WCH (which we stayed in 3 months prior). HUGE MISTAKE. I sorely missed the quiet rooms, the nightly turndown, the quiet rooms, the excellent staff, the huge comfy beds, the quiet rooms, oh and did I mention the quiet rooms? The only (very small) complaint I have are the pillows. I like several big fluffy pillows and WCH just doesnt have that. But hey, for the quiet rooms, I'll just bring my own pillow.  
<Date>Jun 13, 2004
<Rating>5	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	-1	

<Author>JoyD
<Content>Posh and formal Windsor Court has been named one of the best hotels in the world. I'm not sure why, though it is excellent. Unlike previous reviewers, we did not have a suite, since we were there as part of a meeting. Our room lacked two things we like: a coffee maker and new in-room movies (they offer a selection of older Oscar winners). The restaurant had great food and fantastic service: expect multiple tiny, creative portions. The exercise room was adequate, but equipment seemed a little old. Pool area was lovely (on the days it didn't rain.) There was jazz almost every night in the lobby lounge, a great oasis.I don't think I would stay here again, only because it lacks a few amenities, but it's certainly a classy hotel.  
<Date>May 24, 2004
<Rating>5	3	4	-1	5	-1	5	-1	

